<review# 1,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2014,11/25/2014,0,18,,2,1>I brought in my decimated copy of Dante's Inferno, which had been in my family for years. The cover was completely torn off, the spine was hanging on a thread, and I remember my Mom storing a huge begonia plant on top of it for years. Completely mistreated. Robert and his staff at Octavia got really excited when they saw it, and they completely surpassed my expectations. Rebound it, re-attached the cover, even hand-gilded the artwork on the cover. They did an incredible job, and you can tell that they see it as an honor to restore old books. They truly love them, and that comes through.I would not hesitate to recommend them for any book restoration projects. They were faster than they quoted, and stayed on budget, too, despite the extra mile they went.
<review# 2,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2014,11/24/2014,2,17,3,3,3>Ordered a fusion pita with all the vegetables, sweet, garlic and hot sauce. The meat was flavorful, the vegetables were really fresh. The sweet sauce was a little too sweet for my preference...would be better if it was tangier I think. Their kitchen and prep station is very clean and well kept. Will go back to try other things on the menu. Oh, they only take debit and visa. No MC or AMEX.
<review# 3,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/6/2014,11/23/2014,45,109,1,3,3>The Charcuterie and cauliflower croquettes were really good. Atmosphere, spacious with tall ceilings, and rustic with lots of dark wood. But the service was pretty slow for a not so busy night, and the waiter must have had a bad day because he seemed a little moody and his tone did not sound like he wanted to be there. It was a little pricier than I expected, but the jury is still out on the other entrees whether its worth the price or not.I might check it out again in a few months time.
<review# 4,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2014,11/22/2014,0,16,1,3,3>Me and my boyfriend used to go to Japaneese Village once a week when we started dating. He got sick of the food becuase its the same food/show everytime. Me on the other hand can not get enough. Their steak sauce is yum yum(they even sell it in a bottle to take home!) They do claim their mushrooms are "magic mushrooms" grown in the basement and they use motor oil instead of cooking oil.. but its all in good fun.Hard to get a reservation and if your 5 minutes late they will give it away..
<review# 5,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/6/2014,11/21/2014,13,73,3,3,3>A couple of takeout visits and another eat-in supper later and El Charitto is landing squarely in the 'meh' column for me. Cheese filled tamale was great and a solid deal when bought as a single ($3.75) rather than the 2pc meal ($13.50). Chile relleno was tasty, though the single, soggy, medium-sized chile on the $13.50 platter left me wanting more. $2.25 tacos continue to be priced great, but are sadly, mostly bland. Earlier criticisms still stand: Watery steam tray al pastor featured some nice sweet chunks of pineapple but no discernible acid or achiote kick; chorizo is decent, but not outstanding; and strangely the overall mildness of the shredded chicken isn't necessarily a bad thing, becoming a decent backdrop for cilantro, onion and green salsa.  Guacamole is soupy and tasted mostly of underripe avocados. I've ordered it a few times now with the same results. I wouldn't order it again. So, where do we stand with El Charrito? You could do much worse if you're in the neighborhood, but I absolutely wouldn't make a special trip to come here.
<review# 6,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/5/2014,11/20/2014,9,21,3,3,3>Nice place. Clean. Modern. Comfortable.  Staff are pleasant. Beer selection is awesome. Food is good. The only problem is the service. 10 mins after seating before the first waitress comes by our table of five (with a reservation on a Tuesday night). 10 more mins before she comes back with our drinks and takes a food order. After that it's an hour before our first food gets to the table. Only then do we find out we're not getting what we ordered. We're getting something else. Two managers are working the front of the house. From where we are sitting, we have a clear view of the kitchen and can count the tickets in the window. We can also see clearly that the two clowns in the kitchen don't give a flying fuck about the tickets in the window. They're smiling and laughing and flirting with the waitresses but they're not making any obvious effort to put the food out. And, really, why should they? One manager is too busy handing out free food samples to the people lined up at the door to be bothered with the blizzard of tickets in the kitchen window. And the other is too busy working the front of the house to care that his kitchen is going down. The waitress tells us that it's Wings Night and that this is what happens pretty much every Wings Night. So I guess Tuesday is a good night to go elsewhere. Maybe the Point and Feather?
<review# 7,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2014,11/19/2014,40,48,3,3,4>I find this restaurant to be quite deceiving when it comes to size. Just based on the exterior of the restaurant you wouldn't think it would be a big restaurant. You will be pleasantly surprised! Its ambiance is beautiful and you do feel a sense of culture upon entering. Not to mention the patio area, which is beautifully decorated and absolutely perfect for a private function. We attended a wedding there during the summer and it was beautiful. The food was very tasty and overall very filling! The wine selection, along with the service was great! I will definitely be back and recommend this restaurant for family dinners along with dates.
<review# 8,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2014,11/18/2014,1,9,1,2,3>I have been coming to this place for a few years now. The employees are very friendly and have exceptional knowledge of the skin products that they sell, my favorite of which is Phytomer which can only be found at a few places in the city. I had gotten a set of gel nails for my engagement photos and my wedding. My hands looked amazing in all of the close up wedding ring shots. The gel nails were of a great quality and lasted a long time as well. I believe that this place also offers other services such as pedicures and waxing for example. I can't speak to those services however, as I have not used them.  The only reason that I didn't give this place 5 stars is that it is a bit pricey, however, I feel as though the quality of products and services is worth the price.
<review# 9,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/31/2014,11/17/2014,18,77,3,3,4>Having an experienced, fun photographer to shoot our family was exactly what Holly delivered! Upon reading her amazing blog story about her love for her brindle boxer, it was a match made in heaven for us to utilize her services. We had heard of so many great reviews and we're ecstatic when we got a new pup into our family so we could set-up a family session. Our 2 year old boxer, Sheldon and Holly clicked as almost all boxer lovers do! He automatically took to her kind nature and wouldn't leave her side. Our new husky/shepherd cross, Willow also had a great time with Holly as she posed and modeled right away. It was great meeting Holly to plan out our session - our likes/dislikes which made things very easy. At our photo shoot, she chose great locations to capture the city view as well as to capture the beautiful fall colours. We couldn't wait to see our pictures and after a week or so when we finally got to see them, we were thoroughly impressed! We laughed & cried at the beautiful captivating pictures that Holly had taken of our pups and our family. She does amazing work! She knows how to captivate the best angles of the animals and she has a true heart for them. We can't wait to have our beautiful artwork in our home and to set-up our next photo session in the winter! THANK YOU Holly for capturing our family's beautiful moments.
<review# 10,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2014,11/16/2014,8,6,4,6,6>We read about Ginni's Kitchen in the Calgary FFWD and decided to pop in for a visit. It was well worth the trip! You'll find it inside of the Oilfields Arena in Black Diamond. Ginni is super sweet and passionate about her food, and cooks everything from scratch. All the fries are hand cut, and all her spices are ground by hand. We enjoyed the beef samosas, pizza samosas, butter chicken poutine, and the cheesy meatballs in ragu sauce. All were phenomenal! And such a great value, most items are between $3-$7. The seating is family style, which just adds to the arena charm. If you visit on a Friday she even has take home Indian meals like Beef Keema, Lamb Curry, Butter Chicken, and Beef Vindaloo all for $8-$15 each. We'll definitely visit again on a Friday so that we can have some of her delicious entrees that we can enjoy at home.
<review# 11,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/5/2014,11/15/2014,53,400,2,3,2>I've visited the Purple Perk a few times, and have always enjoyed their homemade sandwiches and goodies. On this visit, we enjoyed the warm hummus dip with tortilla chips. The Chicken Caesar wrap needed work though. Did not taste of Caesar salad at all. In any event, this is a nice place to sit outside along 4th Street and watch the world go by.
<review# 12,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2014,11/14/2014,10,42,1,2,3>Edgemont Community Association is an excellent venue for a small to medium sized wedding.  If you want to keep your costs down, and not have to pay the exorbitant prices for drinks etc, Edgemont is an excellent choice.  The facility has been recently painted with contemporary colors and looks fresh and bright.  They have five large windows that look over a beautiful patio area with a large gazebo, as well as a beautiful view of COP and the mountains. We had our daughter's wedding there this past weekend (August 2nd), and held the ceremony on the patio.  It was perfect and the setting is breathtaking.   The staff are absolutely amazing and very accommodating.  There are round tables and chairs that seat 200 included with rental of the facility.  The kitchen is large and can accommodate professional catering.  We rented the hall for both Friday evening and all day Saturday and it was very reasonable.  Check this place out and visualize all the possibilities you can for your wedding here.  BTW, I've also used this facility for a children's Christmas party for a non profit organization and had the same wonderful experience!
<review# 13,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2014,11/13/2014,42,74,3,3,4>Phew! Thank you Yelp for helping me find this place!My waxer was on vacation and I needed to find a place for a Brazilian - and voila with Yelps help, I found Frilly Lilly.Going somewhere new is always scary, but you don't need to be scared here. They know exactly what they are doing. They use hard wax - which I LOVE and am so thankful for (I highly recommend hard wax to anyone looking to get a Brazilian). They're also very fast. I can say the wax wasn't painful at all, but this really is dependent on the individual. The store itself is really quite cute, tons of good buys in there. My only concern was the cost, I found it just a tad bit pricey for the quick 15 minute wax. But - you get what you pay for, so it was worth it. Just more than I'm use to.
<review# 14,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2014,11/12/2014,103,315,2,5,4>Super-efficient with value pricing, this place has turning over big lunch crowds down to a science. They don't have time to ask you about your children or your mother, but they will bring you your quality Vietnamese noodles or soup hot and fast. Other parts of the old Chinatown are still wobbling back onto their feet, but Pho Hoai seems like it never missed a beat. I love it and hope it continues to thrive.
<review# 15,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2014,11/10/2014,429,445,6,7,8>When I'm cold and hungry, and there are wolves after me, I know Jay and Co. have my back. Eats of Asia doesn't have anything vegan specific on the menu, but talk to any of the 3 J's behind the counter (tangent: "I finally know what the J in my middle name stands for! It stands for... JAY!" - Homer), and they'll whip up something tree-hugger suitable. You don't even have to look presentable! I rolled in, post-gym, hair askew and dripping sweat, and they still made me the coziest bowl of Bibimbap goodness. I daydream about that eggplant. Nuggets of heaven. Why is every dish made from eggplants, delightful to say? Baba ghanoush. Bibimbap. VEGANBAP! Blitzkrieg bap?ZAP.
<review# 16,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/26/2014,11/9/2014,98,157,5,4,4>Oh my goodness. I love this place so much. One of the best late-night eats you can find. And when I say "late," I mean, they are open until 4am on weekends.The shawarma, oh the shawarma ... I am craving it right now thanks to having to write this stupid review. But luckily for you lot, I am willing to suffer through the pangs of hunger to tell you about the glory of this place.I recommend the Mix (chicken & beef ... $10.50), with everything. Ah-bup-bup-bup! ... no, don't skip that topping! ... I said, "EVERYTHING."When you let them make your shawarma with no holds barred, the layers of flavour you will experience from that delicious wrap will envelop your tastebuds like a tasteable symphony. Savoury and spicy, sweet and sour, hot and cold, soft and cruchy ... IT IS SO GOOD.Portion is good, menu is simple, place is clean, staff are super nice ... STOP READING AND START EATING.
<review# 17,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/1/2014,11/8/2014,69,90,4,7,4>This is one of those restaurants/cafe that you may pass it for 100 times and never notice it. Actually, I also found it totally by accident. I saw the Italian market sign and me being a cured meat fan decided to check it out. However, as soon as I stepped in I was totally surprised. This is a Market/very relax self service restaurant. Specificity the big wood burning pizza oven attracted my attention. After browsing the array of pastas and sandwiches, they told us that it is the 10$ pizza day (Mondays) so immediately we decided to give it a try. This is how this restaurant works: 1- You order your pizza at the counter 2- Pick up cutlery and drinks 3- Find a table and wait for the pizza to arrive We ordered the Capricciosa. It is assembled and cooked to order with a very thin crust. The pizza arrived in less than 10 minutes. Cooked to perfection with a crispy crust. Overall great taste and texture. I will definitely come back here to try other items on the menu. But to be honest, I am not very optimist about the pre cooked pasta in the display. They looked overcooked. However, the pizza was fantastic specially for 10$ it is a great deal on Mondays. I highly recommend this place if you are looking for a relax and quick food. 100 time better than any fast food joint and almost the same price.
<review# 18,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2014,11/7/2014,3,67,5,8,5>This place is good. Sushi Ichiban and MacLeod Trail Sushi should be worried. This place is light years ahead of the restaurant that ,was previously here. If you like sushi, you'll love Sushi One!  The mixture of flavours and presentation is similar to Globefish, but on an all-you-can-eat menu. I just hope they keep up the good work here. The quality and freshness is fantastic! The décor is contemporary  and comfortable. You order you food through an iPad provided by the Restaurant. This place is not to be missed.
<review# 19,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/18/2014,11/6/2014,22,201,4,5,3>Not a lot of love for Vero after my weekend birthday dinner and first visit.   I didn't dislike it, but I wish I went somewhere else. My original plans were cancelled when my first choice closed for a private event the night of our reservation but we got last minute reservations here and I'd heard good things. As a vegetarian I get one option on a menu in places like this and I loved the dish on the menu on their website and that was a deciding factor.  Unfortunately, there was a totally different menu when we got there and my heart sank because I had to have risotto and that's a bit heavy for a warm August evening.  I had the peach belini and it was just OK.  It was a bit too tart and for $10 it's passable. The table had the sweet potato gnocchi and truffled edamame,  Both were good but the edamame didn't go with anyone's main as far as taste profiles.  The gnocchi I wished was my main. My main the crimini mushroom risotto with white beans.  Over all it was bland and not cohesive and not what I wanted to have in the first place.  Somewhere between all of the ingredients there were sometimes hard crunches like biting into broken glass so much so I had a really good inspection.  I think it was slightly under cooked risotto in a number of grains and no so much glass.  Still unsettling.  For dessert I really wanted chocolate but their menu was sans chocolate.  They had two coffee flavored dishes and two cream dishes with fruit flavoring which is a shockingly uneven selection.  I ordered the passionfruit creme brulee.  The presentation was nice until you looked inside the little heart shaped ramakin and wonder who ate the rest of your dessert.  It was 1/3 full and although it was a perfect amount it looks stingy in the dish.   I liked the fruit flavor of the cream and LOVED the poprocks.   The crackle and the zing of the flavor paired wonderfully.   Almost made me over look the unintentional crackle of my main. Almost. We did tell the restaurant we were celebrating a birthday and noticed another dessert come out after ours with a sparkler so our server just didn't remember I guess.   I didn't know I could have expected pyrotechnics but as soon as I learned I could have I felt much less important to Vero and my server.    Overall the food was good quality and lovely prepared with exception of the risotto but it lacked any kind of fireworks for me (literally and figuratively) and without a dollar figure attached it might have been acceptable but once you attach the actual bill to that meal I start thinking of the dozens of other places I would have loved to drop that kind of money.   I also wouldn't have left ANY of them with an unsatisfied chocolate craving.
<review# 20,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2014,11/5/2014,16,75,3,3,3>Came for lunch randomly today, and I'm very glad we did!the decor is pretty wild (animal print everything - love it!) and it's bigger than I expected - lots of room, nice & bright with lots of windows. even though it was an odd time of day, there were lots of other tables seated. The menu was a bit crazy, so many items, but we chose a couple dishes to share - Afrique Mishaki with pili pili chips (a platter of chicken skewers and corn and amazing fries, $18) and Viazi Na Koliflaa (roasted cauliflower with vegetable rice and roti, $12) and there was definitely enough food for the both of us! So good! All of it was delicious.Service was friendly & attentive, and our server was great with explaining dishes and was kind enough to let us know the cauliflower dish came with rice so we shouldn't bother ordering another rice dish! that was nice!Can't wait to go back and try more!
<review# 21,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2014,11/4/2014,35,291,1,6,3>A new, refreshingly different wine store organized by style rather than country.  For example, white sections have labels like "crisp" or " lush".  There is even a takeout food section with choices for chinese, etc. The prices run the whole gamut, but have largely been curated on the principle of value-for-money. A modest selection of boutique style spirits are also available (e.g. fancy amaretto, small production cognac, Pineau des Charentes, Averna amaro).  A tasting room bar is located in the back, and the enthusiastic staff provided samples several open bottles (in real glasses) while we were there. A welcome addition to Kensington, and it would appear that they have also taken over the Ferocious Grape location in the Beltline.
<review# 22,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2014,11/3/2014,34,29,6,5,4>Can we have a minute for the spicy chocolate coconut milk ice cream?There are few things on this planet that I like the taste of so much I crave it...and this is one of them.They also have all sorts of insanely delicious "real" ice cream flavours. Like SALTED CARAMEL (oh my god), CARDAMOM (I die), EARL GREY (AHHHH), P&S COFFEE (TAKE ME NOW).Honestly, I've never been there and been like "meh, ice cream". They are open late, they have ice cream sandwiches and sundaes and the staff is always friendly and willing to give samples.
<review# 23,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2014,11/2/2014,34,185,3,3,3>I learned about the interesting history of Divino during a Calgary Ghost Tour, so when a gf suggested having a group dinner there I figured "Why not?"The four of us arrived during peak dining time on a weeknight, and it was pretty packed so I took that as a good sign. We were seated near the open concept kitchen and got to see (and smell!) all the delicious creations whiz past us as we pondered on the menu.In the mood for wine (what a perfect place to be!), our waiter brought over their house sommelier who was not only knowledgeable but super helpful and friendly! He helped us settle on the Kruger Rumpf Riesling (FYI - a must try!)We got the Tempura Haricot vert to share (seriously, could have just ordered a few of these for my meal), my entrée was the rougie duck breast (served with gingered spaghetti squash, potato confit and raspberry jus) while the other girls got the lamb sirloin, seafood spaghettini and lobster ravioli.At first glance, you think the portions are small but once you start devouring your food, the richness takes over and you realize the portions are just right. My duck was succulent and the ginger and raspberry were perfect accents. All of you know my reservations about lamb, but I snuck a bite and was glad I did! The mint and red current jus did wonders on the lamb! Too full for dessert, I did ask to look at the cheese menu (what a huge variety!) so I know what to look forward to the next time I'm here - and trust me, I will be back!
<review# 24,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2014,11/1/2014,60,255,3,4,3>I had to grab a quick lunch and was in the same strip mall so I decided to stop in.  I was instantly made aware of the daily specials by a sign at the door, it solidified my choice to stop in.It was a bit dark in there but hey, it's a pub.  You can tell the place is a bit on the older side as the tables and chairs are, let's just say, "classic".  But that's the extent of my criticism (and I was really reaching).They have a bunch of old video games, pool tables and even a pinball machine.  The server was nice and friendly.  I ordered the fish and chips on special during Fridays.  It came out quick and it looked huge.  The first bite told me I'd found a place that prides itself on using fresh ingredients.  The chips/fries were crispy and golden.  The fish (1 huge piece and 2 average/small pieces) was battered to perfection and accompanied a really tangy tartar sauce (which I liked).  The coleslaw had a nice tangy spice to it and as I guessed, there was horseradish in it.  Who would've thought it would go well in coleslaw?  I must try that at home.All in all, it was as good as any other neighborhood pub for decor and atmosphere.  They really excelled in their food prep and taste.  I'll be back to try more items on their menu.
<review# 25,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2014,10/31/2014,45,205,4,5,4>Mmmmm, jerk wings. Multiple flavours, using organic meat and you won't need too many napkins, as they aren't all nasty with grease. The hilight for me though was the home made beef patty. Lots of minced meat that melted in your mouth, stuffed in to a light and flaky dough. The veggie patties were already sold out, so will have to go back and try them as well. Don't miss this little place located in the Crossroads Market.
<review# 26,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2014,10/30/2014,189,1517,4,4,5>So many beers. So little time.This was my first time at Beerfest in many years and it was excellent. My first experience was back when there were only a handful of brewers and the sample tickets seemed quite expensive. This seems to have changed.First off, the most important thing you need to know is to buy the VIP tickets and get there early. When I arrived on the Saturday at about 12:15 there was already a line of people waiting to get it. At 12:30, they opened the doors and got people in quite quickly to the corralling area where you could pick up your pre-ordered sample tokens and t-shirts. Just before 1:00 they let people into the halls to begin their sampling. The first hour was VIP's only and it was totally worth the extra few bucks. There were no lines at any of the brewers which gave you the chance to talk with them and actually learn about the products instead of fighting through crowds of people just to get a taste. Also, some of the companies were giving our free or half price samples because it was their first sample of the day or because the product was a little on the warm side because it hadn't been on ice long enough yet. The down side of this first hour though was that some places weren't open. It seemed there was some confusion as to what time the exhibitors were supposed to be there so a number of them weren't ready to go until the general public was allowed into the event.While things got busier later in the day and there were some lines to get through,  everything stayed civilized. It was interesting to people watch throughout the event. There was a range of people and it seemed to be a younger crowd. Not many people over 40 represented. Earlier in the day there were people like me that were looking for new brews to try, learn about different breweries, and take in the general experience. Late in the day you could see lots of people there just to see how many beers they could try and were pounding back their 4oz glasses like they were doing shots at the club. At $2 a sample (some upwards of $4) this is more expensive than buying a beer at a liquor store so I don't understand why people would want to come here just to get wasted.The best part of the day for me was finding out that some of my favourite west coast American brews were now available in Calgary. The second part of that was finding out that liquor stores like CO-OP are carrying them, so I don't have to make the trek across the city to Oak & Vine to get them. I do have a couple of minor complaints:1. While the VIP sampling glasses were nice in that they were glass and not plastic, the mug style cups they gave to non VIP's were much more handy. Especially when you're trying to balance holding a sample, checking-in on Untapped, and carrying whatever else you've picked up from the booths.2. Hall C was blisteringly hot. Halls D& E were great, nice and cool. 3. There needs to be more incentives for VIP's at each booth. Like maybe VIP's don't wait in line or something. Other than an extra hour before everyone else and a different t-shirt to buy, there isn't anything special about getting a VIP ticket once the show is well under way.Lastly, to leave things on a positive note, there was a lot of great food to try also. Fiasco Gelato was there, All Beef Catering, many restaurants, and a couple of others thrown in the mix. You won't go hungry while making the rounds sampling your newly discovered brews.
<review# 27,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2014,10/29/2014,266,478,7,6,7>It takes CRAZY MEN to run Boogies. Word on the street is one of them has to fend off the crazies by taking it out on his unsuspecting victims as a Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Blue Belt. Somebody get this guy a TV show, I didn't even notice John Catucci. Actually somebody get the Don't Fear the Reaper burger because that thing was a BEAUT.Great atmosphere. Then again to me a vintage street fighter console would make a construction sight feel like home.The burgers? What can I say...WHAT CAN I SAY? Stellar embed within every molecule of its very being. I'm not kidding. It's meat on everything that makes my calorie tracker app have a heart attack.In my recent visit I had their burger, fries, and a milkshake. Plain? YOUR FACE IS PLAIN because I could tell you what lies in between. Maybe a lil bacon (on the milkshake), a lil fancy cheese, a lil produce, a lil berimbolo... ce....la....vie...
<review# 28,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2014,10/28/2014,69,229,4,3,3>My buddy and I walked over for supper one Friday night. The place was busy. I think there was only one table open. My friend ordered the crispy shrimp wontons. They were very strange looking, almost like orangish crispy critters. They tasted shrimpy but inside it was like shrimp mush, not actual shrimp. Made me a bit hesitant to eat another. We both had lemongrass chicken which we both enjoyed. That was until my friend found some bits of a paper wrapper on her spring roll. No she did not ask for extra fiber! The waitress didn't charge her for her vermicelli which was good. The atmosphere was pleasant and the place looked clean. Service could have been a bit more attentive but it was quite busy.
<review# 29,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2014,10/27/2014,16,73,4,6,4>We decided to try Latin American cuisine on a Saturday night.  After squeezing into our parking space, we entered the restaurant and were greeted warmly by Alejandro, the owner of Sabroso.  Alejandro is the most active restaurant owner I've seen in a long time -- he spends time conversing with customers, serving plates, and playing percussion/drums with the guitarist/singer!   Our server Orlando took our orders on his iPod touch and sent it to the kitchen right away.Appetizers:Calamari with avocado/wasabi mayo with lime:  cute, wonderfully fried calamari sticks with a light batter.  The mayo was a perfect match; I just wish that there was more of it!Potatoes tortilla: potatoes, onions, cilantro in an omelette.  The vibrant dipping sauce had the right amount of spice.Mains:Parrilla para Dos:  the grilled hangar steak was juicy and tender, prawn skewer seasoned just right, chorizo, boneless chicken, crispy potatoes.  The sauce was so delicious that I was tempted to lick the plate clean.  It was served with a side plate of risotto, baby bok choy, squash and microgreens -- cooked to perfection.Desserts:Milhojas con Arequipe:  the delicate mille-feuille with caramel sauce and vanilla custard was not too cloyingly sweet.  The custard was as smooth as silk.  Mmmm....Cinnamon Churros:  my son loved his cute little churros coated in cinnamon sugar. It came with a chocolate sauce on the side for dipping.Fig and Cocoa Nib Bread Pudding:  hubby had this one and I took a quick nibble.  The fig and cocoa compliment one another so well that there's no need for extra sugar.  Let the ingredients speak for themselves!Maravilloso!   We will definitely be back!
<review# 30,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2014,10/26/2014,33,247,4,4,3>The Little Monday Café is a small location of great small bites and delicious coffee.Being located just off of Bow Trail in Spruce Cliff, the Little Monday Café is a little out of the way for most people. For the locals however, it's a popular place to drop by for a coffee and some friendly conversation. The Café owner will delight you with her delicious pastries cooked in house or a selection of frozen gluten free items. The Café offers various sandwiches and breakfast/lunch items but the real reason to go is the coffee. They have a delicious coffee roaster who roasts their coffee for them in Calgary (I believe). The atmosphere is far friendlier than your average coffee shop with fast service. Be sure to get there on an off hour if you want to get a table though, as there is not much for seating.This Little Café is definitely worth a stop if you're in the area.
<review# 31,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2014,10/25/2014,4,61,2,2,2>my last review was in 2012, and towards end of 2014 my review still stands. I had a craving for Pho last week and I went to Pho Xuan in 36th  st. NE, the next day I have to go to noodle world to satisfy the craving...coz the other place didnt cut it. Even my doggie didnt like the spring rolls I brought home from Pho Xuan. I hope they NEVER close! family owned, very friendly. yah, the paint is pink....not a biggie, the food is awesome! serving is more than enough!
<review# 32,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2014,10/24/2014,2,4,3,3,4>This is maybe the BEST food truck I have eaten at! I'm one of the hipsters that Dale E. is referring to, but sushi and burritos are my two favorite things, and Bento Burrito combines them well. I am happy to see a truck that creatively combines two types of food that I love.They came by our office today and I was honestly a little bit nervous. Sometimes when you combine two great things it turns out terribly, so I wasn't sure if I wanted to try it or not, but a couple of coworkers convinced me to try it and I AM SO HAPPY THAT I DID. I had the chiki-rito, which has a coconut curry chicken with peanut sauce and actual roasted peanuts. The sweetness of the peanut sauce combined with the pickled onions and carrots was tangy and perfect, the cilantro garnish was wonderful, and I loved the crunch the cucumbers added. This is an absolute must-try!
<review# 33,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2014,10/23/2014,2,25,1,4,4>Came here by suggestion from my aunt and yelp reviews. So good. I'll be back!We waited about 40 minutes for a table to open up (Saturday afternoon) but that was the only negative I experienced. The staff was pleasant and friendly, the decor and atmosphere had country charm and the food was delicious. I ordered the beef sandwich with fries, husband ordered chicken sandwich with seafood chowder. We split our meals in half and shared. Both were good but the chicken was the winner. Their homemade fries were also really good. I didn't have the chowder but he said it was amazing. Best part? Our bill was $32 for the both of us.
<review# 34,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2014,10/22/2014,3,15,2,2,2>You must visit this quaint neighbourhood Cafe! Looking for an new place to try we found this recommended on Yelp and the reviews were dead on. Great west sw facing patio. Old wood floors creak as you walk. Pictures of various people are fun and interesting.The display of many pastries and desert options make a return visit a must. I will try their Lemon Tarts next time.On a very busy Saturday we were served in a reasonable amount of time.I ordered the Salmon Eggs Benny. Pause... Hands down the best I have ever had, and I'm 44;) My wife had the Salted Carmel French toast and it was awesome. The bananas were a bit mushy and a side of bacon made up for the missing protein. Fun loud atmosphere in a quaint friendly Cafe. Put it in your calendar.
<review# 35,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2014,10/21/2014,2,21,3,2,2>My review is more from 3-6pm on a Saturday so I can't really speak for the service when it's busy.The focus of this place is craft beer, pizza, and a handful of signature appetizers. Beer selection is good (of course) and features mostly temporary selections, with a few permanent house beers. A small selection of cocktails and wine are available for those who dislike beer. The sandwich selection is very small and there is only one burger. Salad selection is decent.The snacks were all excellent. The fries were both sweet potato and regular, with amazing truffle aoli sauce. The pretzels were good as well, with some sort of sauce I don't know the name of, but it was spicy with a definite onion taste. The ribs were good too, but you don't get very much for the price. For pizza we had the Thai (special) and the Blazing Saddle (I think that was the name). Both were excellent. The Thai tasted better than most Thai food I have had. The Blazing Saddle was complex and tasty. Service was very good. The waitress was friendly and generally fast. Everything seemed clean. Noise level was loud considering the time and number of people. It is basically brick and concrete so there is no noise isolation and it is echoes a lot. Music was fairly loud as well. They are going for a more upbeat experience so I won't hold it against them.Probably the weakest aspect is the value for money. It isn't really expensive when looking at prices, but the beer sizes are 25% smaller (16oz or 8oz instead of 20oz or 12oz) and the appetizers are fairly small for a bar.I would recommend it for a small meal and some good beer with friends or coworkers. Spending the whole night here would break the bank for most.
<review# 36,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/14/2014,10/20/2014,1,16,2,2,2>AMBIENCE: Small place with a handful of small tables. Staff were cheerful and attentative.++FOOD: Had a large order of hot&sweet (21.99) and yam fries (5.99?). Chicken was freshly fried then dipped in their delicious hot&sweet sauce. Would have preferred if the chicken was actually marinated in a hot and sweet marinade then fried with a spicy of seasoning, but it's still pretty damn good for how simple it is. Yam fries were served with aioli and were as expected.++
<review# 37,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2014,10/19/2014,5,12,1,3,4>I went here last night for a family dinner, and as always, I was impressed with the upscale feel and look of the restaurant. The server was friendly and diligent in coming around to the table to see if we needed anything. He was a little over attentive, and eager to please, which got a little annoying. I got the maple glazed cedar plank salmon with garlic mashed potatoes; I was blown away with how juicy and flavourful the salmon was! It was truly a sinfully delicious meal! The meal also came with roasted carrots and summer squash, which were not amazing, but the salmon made up for them.Thank you Halo, for a wonderful dinner and atmosphere yet again!
<review# 38,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2014,10/18/2014,199,84,4,3,4>Came to Container Bar by accident the first time.... and keep going back on purpose.What a fun idea!!!! I love the fact that it's such a small space, and the tiny lights at night, but mostly its a patio you can hear your table on!! Its not overcrowded, its just nice.I find it a little pricy for some things, but it is a fun place to stop. I love the infused waters and I especially love that we won a gift card for tweeting a photo! The staff are great although the last time we went the girl hadn't tried much of the food or drinks so her recommendations were a little lacking...
<review# 39,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2014,10/17/2014,141,215,4,5,6>If I could give this restaurant six stars, I would. My lamb actually brought me to tears. The restaurant itself is a cool, busy place that I visited with a group for my friend's birthday. Our meal was life changing in the sense that now every time I walk by Model Milk, I feel a tug in my chest... which is actually my stomach leaping up demanding to be fed more from this restaurant. It's a good size place but fills up fast so if you're hoping to get a seat on a weekend, make a reso or prepare to stand at the door. Staff is top notch and served cocktails while we waited for our table. We ended up sitting right at the kitchen bar where we could see all the meals prepared. Model Milk's menu is made up of lots of local ingredients and talented chefs whip up dishes that make Alberta proud. I love this place!
<review# 40,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2014,10/16/2014,16,68,4,3,3>As I pulled into the parking lot for a planned Sunday brunch, I wondered why there were so many people hanging around their cars chatting. Or were they waiting for the yoga place next door? Nope!!! They were all waiting for a table at the Pfantastic Pannenkoek house. So I joined the queue and waited and prayed that the pancakes would be worth it.They were. I ordered the Mediterranean which is a savoury pancake with chicken, olives, spinach, feta cheese, tomatoes and onions. (The tomatoes and onions come raw). It was good as was the apple and bacon pancakes my kids had. I also ordered tea which came with a spicy cookie that I loved so much, I bought the whole box.Service was ok considering how busy they were - all the tables were full for the 1+ hour I spent there waiting and eating.Bonus points for being family friendly and having very clean fisher price booster chairsAs much as I enjoyed the pancakes, I may never be a regular here because of the wait times.
<review# 41,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2014,10/15/2014,57,118,1,5,3>I use to go out for lunch all the time but lately I haven't gone out for lunch because I'm trying to be more 'healthy' and I bring my own lunches to work.  I work in the NE so lunch options are normally limited to fast food joints as one hour lunch just doesn't seem long enough.  Even though I don't eat out that often, I still search Yelp! because I enjoy reading review and trying new places.Indian food.  That is what I have been craving for a long time.  I could be flakey when people ask me to go out for lunch because I'd rather go to the gym but this time I chose a restaurant and set a date so I know I wouldn't flake out.  Spice hut is located in a strip mall area, semi hidden, right across from the KFC in the Hunterhorn shopping area NE.  It was around 11:45am on a Wednesday afternoon when we arrived.  Before entering, I pause and said "wow this place does look pretty ghetto...it must be amazing then!" because most hole in the walls are...at least for me!  Surprisingly, it wasn't busy at all!  There were only two other people dining at this hour.  Spice hut is a pretty small restaurant with only 7 tables - 2x4 tops, 2x6 tops and 3x2 tops and a visible kitchen area.  From reading the review, we immediately knew what we wanted but still glanced at the menu.  The menu doesn't have the lunch special in it but there is a poster on the window outside as well as a small poster inside that promotes the $7.95 lunch special.  The lunch special includes: butter chicken, curried veggies, miz vegi pakoras, vegetable samosa, rice and a piece of naan bread.  It also came with two sauces: a medium hot sauce and a sweet yogurt sauce.  For drinks, we ordered waters to which we received a jug of water and plastic cups (a little ghetto ;)).  I had to order a mango lassi which is a traditional indian beverage which is normally made from yogurt, water and mango pulp.  It's a perfect pairing for spicy indian food - it helps cool your tongue and it's pretty tasty.Our food came out pretty fast and I got super giddy as per usual.  Of course I had to snap 100 pics before I dug in.  I went for a mixture of the butter chicken sauce and rice ...bliiiiissss! It was exactly what I wanted.  It was tasty, the butter chicken wasn't anything AMAZING but it was good.  The butter chicken was a mild spice which was nice for me (I don't like toooo spicy).  While I was eating, I could see them preparing some naan so I asked the guys if they wanted to share an order of garlic naan..but before they could answer, I had already gone up to the front and ordered it :) hehe.  It didn't take long for them to prepare garlic naan which came in four pieces. The pakora is a deep fried vegetable snack, there are two pieces and they have a nice chewy crunch and a slight onion flavor, yummy.  The vegetarian samosa was crunchy with a mash potato texture inside.  Overall everything was really tasty, Steven and Parker literally wiped their plates clean.  You definitely get a bang for your buck with this lunch special.Okay, so now you know my secret.....$7.95 for *see photo* all of that delicious food?  It's FANTASTIC! You definitely get your money's worth here.  Go...now!!
<review# 42,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2014,10/14/2014,67,205,4,5,4>Ah, Greek hospitality. Takis (the owner) greets you as though he's welcoming you into his home. To start, we ordered the saganaki cheese, fried in a skillet and flambeed as it makes its way to the table, and spanakopita. For our main dish we shared the Pikkillia platter, which included an assortment of moussaka, dolmades (stuffed grape leaves), prawns, salmon, keftethes (meatballs), and brizoles (pork cutlets), served with Greek salad and tzatziki. Everything tasted so good!
<review# 43,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2014,10/13/2014,93,149,3,6,4>Picture yourself: you and three of your superiors are on a chili cook-off team, the theme, western. What would cinch the motif?Why custom aprons with a photo of your medical director as a snake oil salesmen of course.But you left it to the last minute, the cook-off is tomorrow and you need to get these aprons printed now, now, now! This is business, baby.Enter the Rocket.Other than being able to print on pretty much any type of clothing and offering a wide variety of designs and apparel in stock, you can bring in items (such as the aprons) for an additional $10 fee and get their photo transfer service.After calling the 17th Ave location and being told they were too swamped to complete my order for the next day, suggested I head to Kensington Rocket. The girl who helped me was alone in the shop, and is basically Wonder Woman. She was also swamped but managed to print my aprons like a pro, serve pre-teens buying shirts, prep additional custom orders and be the most friendly person ever all at the same time!The aprons looked amazing and thanks to this extra touch my team won the chili cook-off Team Spirit Award and many a compliment was directed at our matching aprons.Parking is a little challenging at this location as it's pretty much at the cusp of 10 St and Memorial. Park a block away, take a mini stroll and check out the Rocket!
<review# 44,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/2/2014,10/12/2014,0,10,1,2,3>I had a navel piercing done here a few years ago (long time ago I know, just never got around it posting a review), but I thought I would give them a thumbs-up for a couple things:First of all, the place was spotlessly clean. I was really impressed at how sanitary the rooms were and how stringently they cleaned the piercing materials. Good sign!Secondly, I found the jewelry they sold to be very high quality. As far as I know, they only pierce with their own jewelry which is not a big deal but as a warning, it is quite pricey. You get what you pay for though, I never had any issues with the navel bar rusting, etc. The service was very professional, albeit a bit late (I booked one of the last appointments of the day, so they were a probably behind by that point- I ended up waiting an extra half hour but it was fine). I don't remember the name of the piercer, but she did a great job and didn't rush through it, despite the time constraint. I appreciated that a lot, as it's not something you want to mess up! Overall the piercing has turned out fine, no issues with infection etc. 3 years on. It is fairly expensive, so just a heads up in advance that you'll probably be looking at paying at least $120 for a navel piercing (with jewelry included). I would recommend this place if you want it done right the first time though!
<review# 45,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/1/2014,10/11/2014,8,19,1,2,3>Went here for the first time a month or two after it opened. I knew that there was a downtown location but hadn't been there.I'm glad I went as this place has the exact kind of pizza that I like. Really thin crust with ingredients that don't overpower everything. It's so nice to find this kind of pizza around here, I'm sick and tired of greek style. As this is a chain there are times where it's not as good but most of the time it's pretty great. I've only had one time where the staff weren't that great but it was a really busy night. Generally they are attentive and the food comes out very quickly. Only thing I'd knock them on is that when you order to go they leave the pizza on the counter and not in a warm place; I definitely recommend calling them when you're close by and not far.
<review# 46,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2014,10/10/2014,83,568,1,3,3>Roto-Rooter came to my rescue this week.  My sewer had backed up twice and despite efforts, the City of Calgary was unable to resolve the issue with their basic process.  Coincidentally, my kitchen sink also clogged and a plumber with his regular equipment couldn't fix it either.  Um, no toilets, shower or kitchen sink calls for an emergency in my opinion.  My spouse and I called numerous companies and Roto-Rooter was the only one that could send someone immediately.  They showed up within an hour, fixed both problems and gave us some tips on how to move forward.  They needed to use a camera to see where our sewer issue was and unfortunately, the camera they brought was broken.  I was grateful that they sent for another one and didn't financially punish us for the extra time they spent at the house.  The experienced technician and the "newbie" were young and friendly guys who joked around and made us feel like the job was still getting done.  There's a 6 month warranty on their work too.  The bill could have been worse and I definitely was happy to pay it, especially because of their availability.  I'm also impressed with the company website.  I'd recommend them.
<review# 47,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2014,10/9/2014,13,12,3,3,4>My wife and I are regulars at this restaurant. In fact, we love the place so much we are more than just regulars. Call us evangelists. Whenever someone asks us for a recommendation on the best restaurant experience in Calgary... guess who 'easily' comes to mind first: NOtaBLE. Consistently, time and time again, we are met with amazing staff, fantastic management, and incredible cuisine. The entire experience from entering the establishment, sitting down, ordering, watching meals being prepared in their open kitchen, sipping well-mixed drinks, eating gourmet cuisine, etc. is great. We walk away feeling extremely satisfied 100% of the time. It is a classy happening place that allows you to be as casual or formal as you want. It does not matter because NOtaBLE is all about the service, the ambience, and the food. Money and Time well spent!*Big thanks to David, Josh, Mike, Jessica and Chefs Mike and Justin for always making it amazing.
<review# 48,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2014,10/8/2014,27,15,6,5,4>I've had an obsession with Peruvian food ever since my friend (whose parents are from Peru) introduced me to it in New York. Every time I google image search Lomo Saltada, I salivate just a little bit. Ok, I lied, I salivate a lot. This is why I was so excited to try out Pio when my friend said he'd go with me.We both started with the Chicha Morada, a drink made out of corn. Now before you start your chorus of ewwws, hear me out. It's mixed with pineapple and lime juice and while it may be different than juice that you're used to, its quite tasty and not as boring as drinking a pop. So give it a shot.We ordered appetizers with the intention to share, he got the spicy ceviche (a must, since Peru is where ceviche originated) and I got the Papa a la Huancaina. I love Papa a la Huancaina because of the yellow sauce the potatoes are served with. I don't even know what it is or what's in it, but this sauce is heaven. It's right up there with hollandaise and lizano salsa. The ceviche was delicious and fresh tasting. Nowhere near having ceviche on a beach, but pretty delicious for landlocked Calgary.Now for my main. Since I've had Peruvian before, I wanted to try something different. I ordered the Pio con Quinoa (at the server's suggestion - she said it was delicious). And it was. The rotisserie chicken came with a quinoa salad with a slice of avocado on top. Everything was super flavorful and delish.Well, since I'd already started the ball rolling, why stop it now? I ordered the Picarones for dessert because I have a huge girl boner for donuts. The sweet potato was an interesting but satisfying flavor, and the syrup was the icing on the cake. Or the syrup on the donuts. Whatever. Don't judge me.All in all, the food was yummy, the service was great/fast and I would go again. 4 tres leches out of 5. Because they ran out of tres leches and I was sad.
<review# 49,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2014,10/7/2014,18,56,3,4,4>So I have a love-hate relationship with places like these. I mean the types where 'everything is vegetarian friendly even the meat sauce.' That is because I was a vegetarian for years and I *hated* fake meat. I like vegetables and legumes and all of the wonderful things you can do with both. I am not just trying to eat fake bacon and 'chicken' nuggets. I do like tofu and seitan but because of their own flavor or diversity, not because I think they are meat substitutes. Anyway, I love places where I don't have to wonder what's on the menu, it's obvious. However, this is also the sort of place that does vegetables and the such well. The dishes have tons of flavor that isn't just based in salt and sugar. Things are made well and there are a variety of dishes, not just fake meat. They have truly vegetable-based plates and they have things like ginger 'beef.' The prices are a little steep, I must say. The entrees were between $13-$17 and the appetizers ranged from $6 - $10 ( if it wasn't the veggie platter). There were also quite a few desserts and some beer/wine on the menu.Something to be noted: there are two menus, vegetarian and meat-friendly. There are also notes about gluten free options, which means this is a great place for a mixed group. I would definitely recommend the double-fried tofu. It's about $8 but it's definitely the sort of appetizer you can split with a group of about four.
<review# 50,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2014,10/6/2014,48,224,1,5,5>While I love the other Farmer's Markets in Calgary, they have become too busy, too expensive, and too snooty.   I'd never even heard of this market before this weekend, but I am sure glad I know now!    The vendors are so friendly and down to earth.   I spent a lot of time talking to many of them and hearing their passion about their food.    While there are the typical big players found at almost all the markets, there are a LOT of unique, one-off vendors you can't find elsewhere. The layout of the market is unique - there is an outdoor area, and many floors that make for exciting exploration.  From where I live it wasn't too bad of a drive using Stoney Trail - pretty much the same distance for me as driving into the city.    Will definitely be back!
<review# 51,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/25/2014,10/5/2014,138,614,4,5,6>A million dogs,a million strollers and 4 million people at this one day fest....It was an overcast, drizzly day but that did not keep the people from coming out to seemingly Calgary's first Spring fest. This was great to see. The roads were closed appropriately and the main attractions (live performers) were still in the main stream but off on the side streets aways. Regardless, my first time at this festival grades a bit low as we absolutely had to walk on the sidewalks to get anywhere, not in the street. No flow on the street at all. This means there was no way I could see who all the vendors were there or take part in much by way of looking or purchasing as the lines were just too long. Tons of food trucks though if you have the patience! But, it is what it is in this great, big city and I am sure there were many out of towners here as well taking part. Great for Calgary's already booming economy!Wear comfy shoes as you will be walking a lot esp. if you drive downtown as parking is scarce close by. We walked 11 blocks back to our car.Not a day to try a new restaurant on 4th Street either as they are all packed!Free admission.
<review# 52,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2014,10/4/2014,21,40,2,5,3>I came here to get a gel polish application. The nail tech was very friendly and thorough, and kept checking with me throughout to make sure I was happy with her work. Prices are reasonable. The gel polish application is $20 ($25 if you add nail art) and they have a regular mani-pedi deal for $40. They carry CND and Perfect Match gel polishes, with a reasonable selection of colours. All of the clients seemed happy, and I really liked how the techs all took their time instead of rushing through the service.Some points to note:1. They don't have swatches of their gel colours.2. They are quite busy, so an appointment is recommended.
<review# 53,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2014,10/3/2014,157,283,4,5,4>Love a Garden Center. There I said it. Could seriously do a lot of damage here. Or to my bank account.I love the set up of this store, so many areas to explore, lots of colour and definitely lots to look at. Rows and rows of beautiful plants, it's so serene.The prices are fair. When we've needed help it's been there. We've even had one of their landscaping guys come out and give us some yard redesign ideas. Very friendly, very helpful.Definitely a place I will return to again and again.
<review# 54,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2014,10/2/2014,8,63,3,4,5>Good spot to grab a snack and coffee then cross the street to the river walkway.  Grab a bench, enjoy the view and people watch.  They have a really great variety from breakfast/brunch to lunch and desserts and oh yes they do catering as well.  I see they have added dinner options but I haven't tried that  yet.  The coffee is Phil & Sebastian's which is a nice choice without having to walk too far from my front door.  I have the choice of hiking it up the hill to Timmy's or a leisurely stroll along the river walk to the Lazy Loaf.  Guess that makes me a bit of a lazy loaf for avoiding the hill...but its better coffee!  The Carrot Cake is insane and keeps us coming back time and time again.      You can see the pieces of carrot and the cake is light and moist with a great cream cheese icing.  One piece is huge and easily shared although I have been tempted to be a glutton and eat the whole thing myself.  Great choices for fresh made sandwiches and they do a lunch soup an salad deal which is pretty good.  They have wifi and a decent sized seating area with good light which means folks are inclined to hang out for a while.  There is also a very sunny outdoor seating area but unfortunately it faces the parking lot which is not really pretty.   That would be the only downside to this lovely local cafe hence the  loss of a star.  Although a few more visits for carrot cake and I might be inclined to cough up star number five.
<review# 55,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2014,10/1/2014,137,253,4,4,3>Among my favorite cafes in the city to do work, enjoy coffee or dessert or simply people watch, I became a regular convert to the Gravity after my first client meeting. Simply put, there's a great friendly vibe here that's just magical so to speak. The servers know what they're doing, the food while simple, is rustic and elegant and the drinks are great (whether coffee, teas, wines etc). Even their menus are easy and self depreciating in humour... Nice touch.Must try - the whiskey glazed ham on aged cheddar biscuits on Wednesday and the cheesecake in a jar. Really nice? Plug ins and free WiFi everywhere.
<review# 56,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2014,9/30/2014,52,73,2,7,4>Just came across this fresh, new restaurant in Marda Loop - it just opened two days ago! It's in the vintage house on the corner where the Vita café used to be. (The sign for The Farmer's House isn't up yet).Picture a shady, spacious deck on a sweltering day in the city. Add a vodka berry spritzer, and a sweet Hawaiian flatbread pizza with caramelized pineapples & juicy pork... Yep, that's me right now.Glad this location is being used again and has opened as a cool place to hang out with good eats & drinks!  Plus, I got a tour of the house inside. The dining area is throughout the house, full of character and charm. I can definitely imagine having a cozy dinner in the sunroom once the weather turns chilly.
<review# 57,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2014,9/29/2014,13,68,4,5,6>I like that this bar doesn't display their name in front of their establishment. You gotta be in to know this lounge.They serve unique drinks. The price is slightly steep. But their drinks have a nice punch to it (taste and alcohol hit). I was with a group of 10 people, and we took over their outdoor patio. Small, but did the job. I would definitely come back. A nice mix up from drinking beer and to the usual National/Craft outing.
<review# 58,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2014,9/28/2014,141,125,2,4,3>My son and I needed a haircut, and we've passed this barbershop on several occasions. Today we decided to stop in.  Glad that we did, the staff here are friendly, and they do a good job. The shop itself is bright and open, with a television at each cutting station. They also have many magazines, iPads, and television to watch should you have to wait. Their are 6 stations in which they have capacity to cut at. They also usually have at least 3 that are open. Prices are also in line with most other barbershops.Oh, they also have a selection of hair care products for sale. If you even want to purchase a switchblade comb, they have that here also. I will definitely return.  As a matter of fact myself and two boys have all had our haircut here.
<review# 59,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2014,9/27/2014,24,44,4,4,3>I had a hypothesis I needed to prove and during the evening my social experiment slowly began to confirm that Yelpers know how to have fun!I started the evening by riding on Daisy, the Solar Powered Tricycle and the evening just got better from there. Bacon wrapped perogies, wood fired pizza, and BEER! As food 'researcher' I was definitely in my element!The event was well organized and in one of my favourite places to nerd out. Thanks Telus Spark!And thank you YELP!
<review# 60,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2014,9/26/2014,36,25,4,3,3>OoOoH PiZzA!!! Calgary's Trendy and Local Hotspot. UNA serves the Best Pizza in Calgary, (For a Italian Thin Crust), The Margherita has always been my number 1, until this Summer and is now my #2, The 4-Maggi is now the My Best PiZzA In UNA, 4 cheese,drizzled w/truffle oil and Honey. Simply Delicious!! When I eat solo, I enjoy stool seating by the chef, watch them construct my pizzas and more. And table seating when in a group, or a Date. There seems to be low employee turnover and if you frequently eat here, the staff will begin to know you by name, the service is always great. I love that they offer water immediately and I end up drinking more water here than any other restaurant. Ok, so my recommendations are almost everything on the menu, I have a few of my favorites, the Flat Iron Steak is definitely great and shareable, the Pan Seared Wings are amazing, with a spicy Harissa sauce. Tagliatelle pasta is yummy, when I'm really hungry. But my overall favorites, sambuca prawns and sautéed cauliflower which I noticed are not on the menu anymore, may come back soon, their menu changes are great, they add new, take out some, always a great change. But the service and food remain always the same, GREAT!!!
<review# 61,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2014,9/25/2014,8,4,3,5,4>Anju is one of those restaurants that I can go back to time and time again and never get tired of their menu. There's so much to choose from that it's almost best to go with a big group so that you can order a bunch of dishes and have a taste of everything! Tonight's visit was a quick late night bite so we ordered our favorites: spicy salmon tacos, oxtail tortellini, gochujang wings and pork belly lettuce wraps. I was happy to see that even at 9pm the restaurant was busy, but we were still able to get a table for 3 without reservations. The service was impeccable and the food arrives pretty fast so you're not sitting there too long before you have your first bite of deliciousness! I love this place so much that during dinner I made reservations for Sunday night
<review# 62,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2014,9/24/2014,2,24,3,3,4>Great service! We go here quite often for a pitcher of Keiths and wings. WISH they had wings on Friday nights (only Mon & Sat) they hands down have terrific pizza and the steak sandwiches are ALWAYS cooked to perfection. The garlic bread is the best I have ever had and we always get some to go and the potato skins are LOADED with cheese and bacon- Yum! The staff is terrific and always prompt....There is definitely a " neighborhood watering hole" kind of vibe to it and A LOT of regulars. If your looking for a casual/unpretentious place to grab a beer and bite, I highly recommend.
<review# 63,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/12/2014,9/23/2014,1,4,4,4,5>So let's say you have a date coming up. You're nervous. Perhaps you'll do dinner? No, too formal, too much pressure. A movie? Can't talk. Coffee? Yes, coffee- laid-back, makes you look chill. Perfect. But where to go? Starbucks? No, you'll look too mainstream, not date-y enough. You need the perfect balance between 'new age crazy' and your 'everyday coffee shop.' Higher Ground is that perfect balance and thus why I call it the Coffee Shop of First Dates. My friends and I often try to guess who is on their first dates at this lovely coffee place; so those creepy people staring at you, yeah that may or may not be us...sorry ;P It's trendy enough that the artistes and philosophers of this lovely city feel they belong here (I can say that, I'm in the arts ;P) and that the everyday Calgarian also feels welcomed because it's not too in-your-face hipster.  All-in-all a good balance. Higher Ground is a coffee shop, and it does coffee really well. The different varieties of lattes and tea lattes are so good and every month they come up with a new special which are always great. I adore their White Chocolate Chai tea latte (my all-time favorite) and their Cafe Rolo latte. Delicious and will keep you motivated to finish that last minute paper...or swap drinks with your sweetheart (staying with the Coffee Shop of First Dates theme). For the most part, service here is nice.I wouldn't recommend the food necessarily, I don't mind the Mac and Cheese, but honestly the food is 'okay' and I've found myself kinda disappointed- let's put it this way, it's coffee shop food. But it could just be me. I wouldn't go to Higher Ground for the food, maybe dessert. If you're going to Higher Ground, go for the coffee. The biggest downside is how busy this place can be and because the place can be so busy sometimes it can get a bit dirty with leftover food on tables and sticky table tops from spilled drinks. Finding tables with outlets can also be tricky as they're often occupied. So it's actually been a while since I've been here- I've tried to find space to do some work, but often can't find an outlet let alone a seat.The place is lively and youthful and if you're an extrovert, it's a good place to charge up your energy. Because it's a high energy place though, it can be quite loud. However they have free wifi and are open quite late which made this place one of my favorites back when I was a student. One of my favorite things about this place was if you got that perfect seat, right by the windows at the very front, you could look out into Kensington- very pretty especially in the winter. So to summarize; loud, lively and young. Busy! Get a table before you order (I'll probably regret spilling that piece of advice), the food is 'meh' but the coffee is amazing (5/5 for coffee, no doubt). And last but not least, a suitable place to hold your first-no-pressure-date.
<review# 64,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/10/2014,9/22/2014,40,81,3,5,4>I'm really torn about the number of stars to give this pub so I guess I'll just tell you the good and bad stuff and you can decide what's important to you. First, the good:The food is really tasty. This place has the biggest chicken wings I've ever seen but go on wing night as they're pricey. It's also not a place that you go for health food. I don't think that they even do vegetables, but they are good with the meat and the fryer. The not so good:The service is inconsistent, but usually pretty awful. Staff does not know the menu, don't seem to be motivated to check on you that often, and aren't all that pleasant. Except for Vanessa. If you manage to sit in her section you will have a great experience, so tip her well. Oh, be careful of surprises. When I order a side of gravy I expect it to be a few bucks. Not $4. I get that they are trying to increase margin but for that amount I'd rather order another beer and dip my fries in that. Bottom line - could be great. Not there yet.
<review# 65,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2014,9/21/2014,0,4,4,3,3>This was the first farmers market I've been to in Calgary, i don't really have anything bad to say but I've only gone once so far. They have everything you could want in a farmers market! Art, produce, baked goods etc. I feel like it's all put together very well and is very organized. All the vendors were very nice and not pushy. I could walk into the booth look around and leave without being harassed to buy all these things. I bought some pears, raspberries, carrots and potatoes from the fresh bc fruit stand and it was delicious! And they have everything for fruits and veggies; I can't wait to go back and buy more!One of my fave things about this farmers market is the food court! There are so many options and such a variety of food to choose from! I had a burger and fries from Sage Burgers (I believe that's the name) and it was sooooo good! Best burger I've ever had! They also have coke in the glass bottles which I love, a nice rustic touch; and it always tastes better in glass. My boyfriend had wings from the wing kiosk there and he was just as pleased as I was. We bought a few different things, veggies, fruit, jerky, all of which was amazing! I will most likely be back every weekend for my fruits and such. It's a little pricier then the grocery store but sooo worth it!! Oh, they also have an insane amount if parking, which is always good. We went on a Saturday and we found a parking spot within seconds of pulling in!
<review# 66,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2014,9/20/2014,11,62,2,2,2>I live around the corner from Fortune so when I get a craving for Dim-Sum a visit to Fortune is a must. It's not the greatest dim-sum but when you're by yourself and just need a Har Gow or Siu Mai fix then this is the place to go. They have frozen dim-sum that you can take home and finish cooking yourself or you can take home freshly cooked items or even stay in and get table service. At lunchtime the kitchen is open to take orders for fried rice and fried noodle dishes or bowls of wonton soup. This service ends by 2 p.m. If you like Canton Chow Mein or wonton soup then be sure to try it here. They do these dishes well. The Har Gow is on the tiny side but still a decent version; so is the Siu Mai, I often also get the Lor Mai Kai which is the glutinous rice with meat wrapped in lotus leaf. The staples of dim-sum are well done here. The portions are smaller than you can get in bigger establishments but you're not fighting traffic and trying to find parking in Chinatown. The Singapore Fried Rice noodles are also a good option. Prices for dim-sum are around $3.50-$3.95, fried rice and noodles are around $9-10. There are only about 6 tables in the place so it's first come first-served. The parking lot can be busy depending on times; there is a registry office and a couple of other businesses sharing the lot.
<review# 67,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2014,9/19/2014,5,7,4,4,5>The staff was incredibly friendly, and the selection is amazing. Being of Polish heritage, I was excited to see products directly from Poland, and I was even more excited to see treats from Austria that I haven't been able to find since returning from Europe. I purchased some deli meats and plum cake, and I found the prices to be on the high side (in comparison with The Italian Store and Lina's Italian Market), but I had lunch in the cafe, and it was perfect. While I might not come back for deli meats and cheeses, I will definitely consider coming back for lunch or coffee.
<review# 68,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2014,9/18/2014,10,21,4,3,3>I'm giving this festival five stars because I think everyone should know about it for next year, and what's left of it this year.   If you want completely new experience and you are a geek or can access your inner geek, this place is for you.   From fascinating lectures to plays you take in blindfolded, even a flying jellyfish, this festival has it all.   There's a cat that projects art from its eyes with lasers, a fire breathing octopus, and a drum workshop with momentum drumming, one of whose members is from Stomp.   This place is a haven for all things thought.  You should absolutely hey dorm there the next chance you get.   Oh, they have science buskers too, where you can extract DNA, paint with e. coli.
<review# 69,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2014,9/17/2014,41,412,2,4,3>5 stars for the stylist!!.. I went there with Anita... And I have to say she was AWESOME!!.. Since the first minute she was super friendly... Also, she was super professional, she provided a consultation,  and I explained exactly what I wanted and that was what she did, nothing more, nothing less... My hair was very damaged and dry, she offered a treatment that was like magic, now my hair looks very healthy and stunning!!.. I am super happy with my hair cut and my healthy looking hair!.. It was a 6 stars service!!.. At the end she also offered the products that suit with my hair needs, and I think she made a great recommendation!... I would definitely recommend her to anyone who wants a good haircut and a beautiful hair... She really knows about hair and how to make you look good!!... I had a pedicure in this salon with Ashley, and it was good my pedicure last for 2 weeks like It was made the day before...The staff at the front desk was very nice, and the place was very clean... I definitely have nothing to complain about this place, I recommend it 100%
<review# 70,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2014,9/16/2014,154,199,2,3,3>This place is decent. Debating between 3 or 4 stars but we'll give it 4 stars this time around because the service and ambience actually wasn't too bad and I'm feeling generous. We had a large group of about 10 people and it came out to about $20 a person. Ordered two "combos" plus 2 additional dishes (bibimbap). Make reservations beforehand though but there is plenty of space here to accommodate large groups. The seafood pancake was absolutely delicious. BBQ was not bad either. Will probably check out the other Korean places in town before coming back.
<review# 71,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/17/2014,9/15/2014,67,339,1,6,5>This was my first visit to Newbury. I liked the fact I could book online and could get an appointment on a Sunday, with relatively short notice.I had a therapeutic massage and a pedicure. Both the services were fantastic...very friendly, professional and well done. It was probably one of the best massages of my life actually.What stops this from being a 4 star or higher for me was the attention to details around the facility - an over all lack of polish if you will (and not the nail variety). For example:-when I went to get myself a cup of tea, the first mug I picked up from the mug pile hadn't been washed properly-In one of the washroom stalls, the toilet paper dispenser was missing or broken so the roll just sat on the back of the toilet. -The back of the washroom stall door was greasy, probably from various people with greasy hands post treatment touching the door. Except my appointment was one of the first of the day so It was clearly left from previous days-No hand towels by the sink in the washroom-From the massage table, you could see one wall of the room had greasy hand prints and smears all over the wall. It was a weird spot for hand prints actually but given that I could see it shine in the dim lighting, makes me wonder why it hadn't been noticed enough to be cleaned.-In the lounge area, the "side tables" are so far from the seating you have to get up to put your tea etc down on the table, and get up again when you want another sip. Its just awkward and not very relaxing-One of the staff members came in and grabbed a cookie for herself at one point. I get it - they were tasty but maybe there is a stash in the back you could serve yourself from?Spas are about experience, not just the treatments. I'm not a super clean freak or anything but I don't expect to notice mess or disrepair as frequently as I did. None of the things I mentioned were hard to fix, I think that they just need to sit etc where clients sit to see what they see, a little more often. It has the potential to be great but not without a little more attention to the basics.
<review# 72,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2014,9/14/2014,22,41,2,3,3>In the name of ServPro Cleaning, my initial thought it was just a cleaning company operate an in house and/or office cleaning services etc... But I never ever know there is a coin operate car wash station inside the facility. When I enter to garage door, the automated free sprinkler spray underneath my car, which there isn't any coin operate coin wash offer that kind of services in Calgary.Home economics 101: how to clean a car less money as possible? 1) Time is crucial at coin operate machine, every second is important to cleaning a vehicle. For best solution is grab a free labour who will help you clean my car i.e. my best friend James.2) Team work (if you have a partner): One person holding the water pressure to spay the car, and other person will hold the foam brush, when the car is all wet, switch into foam bush and the other person will do all the work.. Thanks James.  (NOTE: The foam bush soap they offer was high quality tri colour soap makes my car colourful like detail car cleaning shop.) 3) Wax and spay if you have remaining time.4) Dry with microfiber cloth, which this is my secret location. So not much people know that I can dry my car inside the facility. Shh..... Don't tell anyone this is my SECRET location where I can find affordable and high quality coin operate car wash in Calgary. And of course I will NOT telling you how much I spent on car wash.... But I guaranteed it was worth it with a free labour attached.
<review# 73,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2014,9/13/2014,48,110,3,4,4>Five stars for the service. I stopped by while I was walking my dog. Though dogs aren't welcome inside, the manager was so nice to check on my dog while I was shopping. Unfortunately, my dog whines (chirps) like a high pitch bird when he can't see me. Great selection of high quality product - from fancy frozen croissants, fresh mozzarella, baking goods to fresh produce. The prices are good. About the same as the farmer's markets. In fact, a few items are same/cheaper than Safeway (fresh local beans, carrots, kale, shitake mushrooms, zucchini, etc.) Sure, a few things are a kiss more expensive, but the convenience and customer service make up for it.Other goodies, roast beef sandwich at the deli, and bulk bin items like chick peas, popcorn kernels, quinoa, and nuts.
<review# 74,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2014,9/12/2014,56,63,1,10,4>When I first saw 1 Pot, I was thinking that it would be another hotpot restaurant like the old Treasures of China or Hot Point. Don't get me wrong, I love the concept, but it hasn't been done this well in a long time.First of all, every seat has their own induction burner for your very own hotpot. Add to that the plethora of broths available for just about every taste that will keep you coming back again. From the simplicity of beef, to flavourful choices like cilantro and pidan, or the incredible Sichuan "mala", a bubbling magma of chili oil, dried chili peppers and Sichuan peppercorn that is wonderfully spicy and numbing good.For one price, you get the whole run of the menu including meats, vegetables, seafood, tofus, fish pastes, dumplings and more. The icing on the cake comes with the incredible sauce bar that includes 15 housemade sauces in addition to the fixings to create your own. The service here is also good, as the servers are happy to help you make your dining experience a good one. Great work, 1 Pot!
<review# 75,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2014,9/11/2014,32,203,3,3,4>After wanting to try Wurst for quite some time I finally got the opportunity to sit on their patio and enjoy this establishment. Wurst has great happy hour specials which I took advantage of...$5 Prosecco anyone? Also since we were there on a Tuesday the food special was $1 oysters and $10 peel and eat shrimp.... Done and done. I enjoyed these starters and decided to stay in the same vein for my main course which was the Ahi Tuna Tacos.The tacos did not disappoint and I was very happy with the freshness and flavour! Throughout our visit our server was great and attentive - bonus!What can I say about my experience? Well, it was Wunderbar!
<review# 76,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2014,9/10/2014,11,36,3,5,6>I've been wanting to try this place out for some time now and I'm so happy that I finally made an appointment and went. The ladies that work here are amazing!I booked my appointment through their on-line system and it was beyond easy, got an email instantly and confirmed my appointment. I arrived to my appointment 10 mins early and this wasn't a problem at all. I was greeted as soon as i walked in the door and was told that Kelsey would be with me shortly. The only down side is that there is only 2 chairs in the waiting area and another customer decided she needed the other chair for her purse and coat. However I didn't need to sit down to wait because Kelsey was out to greet me. She took me back and got me set up for my pedicure. She was very professional and even when I told her that my feet are ridiculously ticklish she just smiled and said not a problem. This store is extremely clean, the staff are friendly and professional and to top it all off I got to keep the bottle of nail polish! So happy that this place is close to home so I don't have to make the trek downtown anymore. Can't wait to book another appointment with these great ladies!
<review# 77,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2014,9/9/2014,103,315,5,6,7>Occassionally funky service keeps this from being a full 5 stars. Frankly, I think some evenings they are a bit understaffed.Having said that, Buchanan's has been in the same location for a pretty long time, they were a fine-dining outpost in Eau Claire condo land long before there were many condo dwellers to keep them going. They have grown up with the neighborhood, as it were.I've had three visits in relatively short order in the past few months, and I've sampled my way around the menu. Two big favorites: wasabi caesar salad with tuna (very, very tasty with a  nice wasabi kick-in-the-nose), and the filet mignon. Although I tend to go small (6 oz is plenty of red meat for me), they are always incredibly tender and flavorful. Other hits include the rack of lamb (very generous meal, slowed down a pretty big dude I was dining with) and the famous burger. I'm not quite as sold on that given there are so many amazing things on the menu. Seems like going to the best Italian restaurant in town and ordering mac and cheese, but to each his own.Chocolate and peanut butter brownie was quite the ending to the most recent meal, but make sure you either have lots of room left over or a willing person to share.Outstanding scotch selection; I wouldn't recommend many of the "Whisky Wednesday" specials as many of them are medicine, but spend a few quality minutes with the bartender and the menu (or point at the wall and ask). You will be able to describe a flavor profile that you enjoy and they can match one up for you.Make sure to mention you're a huge fan of the new protected bike lane outside; I do believe they were vocal opponents of it being put in.
<review# 78,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2014,9/8/2014,165,224,1,8,5>I bought my bike here after popping by a few times and never finding a suitable one. So the other day when I found one in good condition, I snatched it right up. Because stuff goes FAST at this store! People donate their used bikes to Good Life Community Bike Shop, and they fix them up and sell them. This is how this completely volunteer-based institution makes money. All the staff are super friendly and never once made me feel inferior about my zero knowledge of bikes. They teach people how to fix their own bikes too, so all in all its a really cool place that I'm definitely going to recommend to people!
<review# 79,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2014,9/7/2014,30,49,3,4,5>I just happened to be on this end of town for a birthday party and decided to look up the closest bottle depot. What friendly service! I only had one bag and they had an express lane, so getting in and out of there was a snap. They even have the ATM system that dispenses funds after you get your chit. Nice thing about this place is the hand washing station - it's right up near where they count your bottles. Very clean and well looked after. They also participate in local fundraising efforts where you can donate your bottles. Overall, very impressed with South Pointe Bottle Depot...keep up the good work!
<review# 80,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2014,9/6/2014,4,88,3,3,4>We went for dinner on a weekday and their restaurant was busy but with tables that are empty that are reserved.  The restaurant itself is actually not small, but it looks like they are not too concerned about packing in as many tables as possible, which is not good for us as we were told that a 30-minute wait would be needed before a table is free unless we want to sit at the sushi bar.  Normally I don't have a problem with that except I was with my daughter and falling from a tall chair is not an option.  The server changed her mind after thinking things over and seated us at a table that has been reserved for sitting time just over an hour later.  Knowing how quickly we go through a meal, we know that it wouldn't be a problem.  Besides, another table would become available before then anyway... which was the case.As this was the first experience, we were not too adventurous in our selection.  We ordered a Sushi Plate - Favorite, Tanuki Soba, and one of their dinner combo.  The food was very good and no complaints there.  I don't know if it is an off day on service, but they never come around to fill up our tea and water.  As for the ambiance, it can get loud in the restaurant but it didn't bother us too much.Parking was all taken in front of the restaurant but the large parking lot located at an adjacent site to the west provided sufficient parking.  However, beware of all the stop signs at the end of every single aisle for all direction of travel!  It was highly unnecessary and confused the heck out of me!To sum up, I think Roku is a great addition to the NW and I will come back for sure to try out the rest of their menu items.
<review# 81,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/28/2014,9/5/2014,11,48,3,4,4>I needed to do an update on my previous review of this place from 2011.I am super glad they are still in business HOWEVER! even though I love the fact they have the variety of sweets and treats that we have back home, I have now on a number of occasions bought many sweets that are past the Best Before Date.I went there yesterday to get some comfort candy and noticed well over 20 sweets that had June/July as the expiry date. They do have a little basket that has out of date items that are cheaper but these were still on the shop floor at regular price.I also wanted to mention that the lady with glasses there was very nice and friendly and when I asked for a soft serve she was surprised however it was 30 degrees and I didn't want Dairy Queen. After waiting 5 minutes for the machine to work, she tried it and the ice cream came out all sloppy and runny, so I said that was ok and i'll leave the ice cream, she said she was gonna talk to the owner as the owner was the one who said to keep the machine on a slow standby and not regular as they don't sell ice cream much. Just a tip Sell the machine!Again, great selection, friendly staff but they NEED to keep an eye on their expiry dates. I would say to anyone, go visit this great little shop and check out the great sweets we have back home in England BUT CHECK THE DATE before buying.Cheers
<review# 82,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2014,9/4/2014,11,29,3,3,4>John gave us not only our family photos of 2014 but one of the most memorable evenings our family has had. He chose a gorgeous location that really highlighted the beauty that is Alberta. John's lighthearted personality made it really easy to unwind and have fun. Which gave us the best family portraits we've ever had. His eye for placement was perfect. My children are years away from wedding bells. But you better believe we are using Te Amo even if we have to fly him in. I highly recommend Te Amo Photography and photographer John Cruz.
<review# 83,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2014,9/3/2014,0,9,3,3,4>Lovely nails was recommended to me by a friend who really looks after herself and is quite picky with regards to quality and service. The ladies at Lovely nails are really nice, know what they are doing, and the owner, Nancy, cares about her business and clients a lot. The service is always above the expectations, when I needed to get my nails done urgently before a wedding on the evening I had to work late, I phoned three other places, two of which were closed and one was booked. When I called Nancy,  she got me in 30 min before closing and when I asked her that I wanted gel nails  with a design and pedicure she stayed past closing time to make sure I was ready for the wedding and in her words, she made my nails "lovely!". You've definitely made me a loyal client now.
<review# 84,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2014,9/2/2014,22,201,5,5,5>Yay!  Some delicious greek food close to home. Loving the new places going into Royal Oak landing and this is one of the very newest. My first impression of establishment when entering was another OPA! with a better designer.  Thankfully,  ordering style and the cooking line  and the general flow of the menu is the last of the reminders of a subpar greek chain.  Paros Soulva is really fresh,  bursting with flavour and high quality for a "food fair" type service.   The only thing weird is eating such good food with plastic forks - it could easily be served in a good quality table service establishment with an inflated price. This place has been open a week - I've been in twice already!  At first the menu confused me,  and the cashier was new so we bumbled through it together but I've got it figured out now.    My first trip I got a veggie souvlaki plate which is a skewer of roasted veggies served with a side (lemon potatoes for me, pita, tzatziki and roasted vegetables.  A skewer of veggies has a HIGH potential of being very boring but it was executed wonderfully as it was seasoned to perfection.  Each element of the plate had a unique, bold and wonderful flavour.  I have to say I am totally in love with the lemon potatoes - very much a powerful lemon flavour but missing the acidity and it wasn't too sour.   I've had a bite of the rice which was also nice and tried some fries  which are alright but a bit too crunchy for my tastes.  The greek pita is so good - I'm not sure if they are making it there but it's so fresh and moist while still browned on the grill as expected.   I would be so surprised if the tzatziki is not freshly made there -  some of the best I've had in a long time. Really the only negative things to say about the veggie plate is that it was very heavy (no fat free dieter allowed here)  and that the roasted veggies featured eggplant which is not a veggie I like that much (in fairness,  I ate them because they were still prepared well).    We finished off with Bougatsa which is a creamy custard filled phyllo pastry sprinkled with white sugar and cinnamon.  These things are HUGE -  Easily shared by two and possibly 4 if you want just a small sweet treat.   I really enjoyed it  but I certainly didn't need a full portion like I had ordered for myself unaware of the size.  Trip two I got a veggie wrap,  shared the spanakopita and an order of pita and tzatziki with some baklava to go.  The veggie wrap was yummy but I liked it less than the full plate.  I like the amount of food better - it's a smaller meal but the roasted veggies were moist and added tzatziki made it very messy and drippy.   The pita wrap was probably the best part -  just love them - but the filling was all very good.  Maybe there is a better strategy to eat the wrap (even if it's just eating the filling a bit with a fork first) to make it a better experience.  The spanakopita is good - it's a large square shape making it softer than the small triangle style alternatives. The pastry was moist but the spinach wasn't over moist which is the other extreme.  It's a fairly large portion and it doesn't come with tzatziki so I was glad to already have some to go with it.   Baklava was good - very nutty and more so than some others I can think of but well prepared.  I think I prefer the bougatsa though if I have someone to share with.  prices for this and the other food were reasonable  but a touch high for the typical food fair style food - good thing it's much higher quality making it a bit of a deal! :)As a vegetarian I've made it this far while glossing over the Soulva - which is spit roasted meats and kind of one of their main things.  My fianace tells me these are fantastic  - I find it interesting you can order it by the 1/4, 1/2 and full KG.  That's a lot of meat and it doesn't come with sides!  The pricing of it seems reasonable but I'm guessing you'd have to have a number of people to share those larger portions while ordering some sides to go along with it.  Service here is good even though minimal service levels are expected in this style of dining.  I'm thinking the majority of the cooks are owners and maybe related.  They have really gone out of their way to make the experience a nice one and are invested in the food being successful.   Table service doesn't seem to be the operational plan but a number of things were served to us. I love the food here and the only think I love more is that it's close to me.  Opa across the street is in for a world of hurt now that they are on the scene. The only wish was the food was lighter with less oil for the health reasons and so I can justify coming here a bit more often.   Totally give this place a try, the menu says they offer delivery but didn't specify the range.
<review# 85,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2014,9/1/2014,69,90,7,6,6>I am a big fan of casual sushi joints and Tenshi fits in that category perfectly. It is a small joint in Kensington with a very casual ambiance. I believe they can only fit around 20 guests. The menu has all of the standard rolls and sushi. In addition to miso soup and sea weed salad, we ordered a variety of roles and sashimi with a focus on scallop rolls. All of the items are very cheap compared to other sushi joints in town and what I really liked on the menu was the fact that you can order sashimi by piece. It took them a while to take our order and generally during the dinner it was not easy to get hold of the staff.  Also the wait time for the food to arrive was very long. So be prepared to spend a lot of time time sitting hungry. However, the food is excellent. I really enjoyed every item. My favorite roll was the red kamikaze (Scallop and Tuna).  The sashimi is fresh and tasty. I highly recommend the tuna belly. The least favorite item for me was negitoro (Tuna belly and green onion roll). Total bill for two including a lot of rolls and sashimi in addition to appetizers was 45 which is very reasonable . I will defiantly go back there in future, it is a mall restaurant so reservations are highly recommended. Next time, you are looking for a casual sushi joint, Tenshi can be a very good option.
<review# 86,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2014,8/31/2014,47,97,3,10,6>The Locked Room is an interactive game where you're locked inside a room and have to find clues and solve puzzles to escape. You are given one hour to escape and if you're able to complete the challenge without any hints, you are placed on their leaderboard.There are two themed rooms to choose from. One is Medieval and the other is a Zombie Apocalypse. My friends and I chose the Zombie Apocalypse which was their hardest level. We had to find a cure and break out of the Centre for Disease and Control before it "blew up".This was my friends and I first time playing the game so we didn't know what to expect. The room had various clues scattered around in/on/around the furniture, walls, etc... that we used to unlock various types of locks to receive our next clue. Some clues were easier to find than others, but overall, there was a good number of puzzles and it was challenging enough that I wasn't bored or frustrated. Keeping in mind the puzzles change every month. Teamwork FTW!!! Unfortunately, we were 2-3 clues away from escaping before time ran out.My friends and I (group of 3) were able to get a sneak peak before the grand opening. However, they try to fill the rooms to max 6 players. If I were to forward-think, 4 or 5 players may be enough before the room could get crowded and stuffy. Plus, it felt gratifying being able to solve more than one puzzle in a smaller group.The Locked Room location is fairly small and the main lobby area could be refined and cleaned up a bit, granted it just opened this weekend. The young staff is friendly and helpful.Overall, I highly recommend a visit. The rooms are creatively designed and it's a new unique activity to do in Calgary with friends, coworkers, or a date. Think... puzzle video game / Sherlock Holmes scenario come to life!
<review# 87,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2014,8/30/2014,1,35,2,5,2>Ordered the #10 which at the moment can't remember exactly what it's title was but it was a Pho and spring rolls.  Both were excellent.  Staff was very helpful with reserving us a table, taking our order and attending to our needs even though there was a slight difficulty understanding each other.  Would recommend to anyone and everyone.  As others have said, this is a family oriented restaurant with a very family ran mom and pop feel.  My daughter loved looking at the fish tanks throughout the restaurant and her child size Wonton soup.  After supper the staff on two separate occasions returned to our table to give our daughter lollipops and to tell us how beautiful she is.  I will make this a regular stop when in Calgary and will be a big booster of this place.
<review# 88,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2014,8/29/2014,35,25,2,2,2>I've been going to this gym for about 3.5 years now and continue to really enjoy it.The gym has some great coaches, led by Coach Kevin who is the real deal when it comes to both fitness & nutrition. There is a great mix of people at the gym, for those looking to lose weight, stay in shape, or focus on being great athletes.Walking in the first time can be a bit intimidating, but trust me - everyone is pretty chill.This gym helped me lose about 40 pounds, and get strong and fit. I have found that in everything from hiking to day to day life, I can just GO. I don't get tired like I used to and I've learned a great deal about how to take care of myself.People seem to have a mixed opinion of CrossFit. Just remember that every gym is a little bit different and you have to find what works for you.The only thing I can say is that judge something through your own eyes, give it a shot. I'm pretty busy with my business - so CrossFit AI is a perfect chance for me to 'check out' go do an awesome workout, then get back to things.
<review# 89,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2014,8/28/2014,43,10,4,3,4>I love this place.  Will definitely be going a few times this season.  I am surprised by something new every time I go.  At first I thought it was just for kids but there are so many activities for other ages too - eurobungy, popcorn popper, archery tag, giant hamster balls, mazes and puzzles.  My favourite is the eurobungy.  The staff is so helpful coaching through flips and higher jumps.  I can now do a back flip; will master the front flip one day.Also, this is the best fudge I have ever had- I have probably sampled 20 flavours so far.
<review# 90,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2014,8/27/2014,16,75,2,2,2>I always drive past Spicy Hut but never go in because from the outside it looks kinda rough - tonight we decided to go in.SO GOOD! we arrived around 7 and there was lots of room (it filled up as we were sitting there) Service was quick & friendly - food was amazing. we ordered coconut rice, a spicy vegetarian curry, and pad Thai with shrimp. we ate until we were full, and had lots to pack up & take home.we will definitely be back.(we ordered Thai steamed dumplings too, but the server forgot and we never got them - which was actually a good thing because we had more than enough food!)
<review# 91,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/13/2014,8/26/2014,115,261,3,4,3>I have been meaning to try Divino for AGES and finally got around to it last weekend for date night. I was actually quite worried because it was snowing heavily and I know the area can be super tricky for parking. Luckily we got a spot right on 8th, but plan for extra time as we were still about 5 minutes late for our reservation.Upon entering the restaurant, we were surprised at the size - it looks so small from the outside! The atmosphere was very warm, cozy, and intimate. Perfect date night spot! We were taken to our table at the back, which was unfortunately right under a cool air vent. Our server came around to take our drink order and ultimately, I was disappointed with her - I'm usually pretty upbeat and I like to engage the server in some banter, but she was very abrupt. I don't think she smiled once, and on more than one occasion, she walked away before we were even finished ordering or asking a question.We started with a selection of cheeses, which were all very nice. However, I don't understand why they only give you like, 2 crackers, for 3 slabs of cheese. I had the Onion Soup for an appetizer - which was more cheese than soup - and Josh had the Buffalo Tartare, which was simply to die for. The Saltspring Island Chevre went SO perfectly with the meat, it was quite possibly the best tartare I've ever tasted! Our mains were absolutely delicious, but I would go back for the tartare alone.Overall, the experience was really nice and the food was really good, but our service was so unremarkable that it didn't leave a lasting impression on me. It was very pricey, so I'm not sure I'd return for a full dinner - maybe just a glass of wine and some tartare!
<review# 92,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2014,8/25/2014,35,291,5,6,4>THE place for fried chicken in town. I went here in the early days and was not impressed, but decided to give it another try recently as they have a new menu, and have managed to survive a long time at the intersection of 10th and Memorial, a.k.a. The Corner Where Restaurants Traditionally Go To Die.The menu is 20 or so items, with unusual but tasty sounding indulgences such as tempura fried cheese curds. The dishes that came out to other tables looked good and were gobbled up quickly. We got the seasonal fish, moist and flakey sablefish with citrus butter sauce that was perfectly pan fried to crispness. The underlying couscous with cranberries was a good match. The manager came and checked on us as it was a new preparation. Nice touch.The "Bucket of Chicken" was recommended by our server and did not disappoint.  You get a high quality whole half chicken worth of pieces (larger than your standard fryer bird), with the breast (cut in two) and thigh deboned. The meat is well seasoned from the butter milk marinade without losing its firmness.  Even the dark meat is pretty light, and is not sinewy at all.  The crispy coating has a good spice mix in it, and fine cornmeal for added crunch.  The bucket is served with a large wedge of respectable cornbread (fairly moist, a bit sweet, fairly crumbly), and an addictive maple-butter dipping sauce.Both entrees were $15, good value for money. The Caesar was good and spicy, with an olive-sausage-cheese spear, $5 on Sunday. Very accommodating on making a delicious sugar-free mojito for my wife. The south facing patio is a bonus.Good service, good prices, quality drinks, great chicken.  Five stars!
<review# 93,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/14/2014,8/24/2014,60,255,2,7,3>One of the only places that repair the evil Dell computers.  Dell makes it difficult for you to repair or upgrade your PC as they want you to go to Dell directly.Staff is nice and friendly.  I would've given it a 4 or 5-stars if they had allowed me to use the Yelp coupon (repair discount) after the fact.  I had only got the coupon after picking up and paying for my computer because my phone was being slow, the coupon popped up after I had paid.The guy said to use it the next time my computer needing fixing... lol.
<review# 94,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2014,8/23/2014,45,205,3,4,3>I'm not one to purposely buy anything overly spicy ( as in hot) but the bibimbap was liberally doused with hot sauce. Needless to say, I powered through it because it didn't take away from all the deliciousness happening in my bowl. Fried sunnyside up egg, mushrooms, fluffy white rice ect. . . It was very filling.  My bf loved his thick dandan noodles, which surpassed my meal in the heat catagory. He also sweat it out and finished his bowl clean because the food of Eats of Asia is just that good.
<review# 95,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/30/2014,8/22/2014,189,1517,4,4,5>The new TnT just opened yesterday after many months of waiting.On a quasi-holiday Monday, the place was fairly busy around 5:00. They don't have their rooftop patio or little side patio on the ground floor open yet, but the pub was about half full. There was a fairly hefty amount of staff on tonight with two hostesses greeting us at the door. The server was prompt at getting us set up with their new menu and a few beverages. I wanted a beer and it was great to see how many different options they have on tap, including craft options from the likes of Tool Shed and Fernie Brewing.I started with a Tool Shed Star Cheek IPA, always a favourite. To eat, I thought I would go with one of the TnT signature options never having been to a Toad 'n Turtle before. I chose the brisket wrap with a side of yam fries and chipotle mayo. The brisket was alright and overall the wrap was disappointing. It was just the brisket with some cabbage. While I think that the brisket should be the hero of the dish, there should be more to it than some cabbage to add a little crunch. The yam fries were good, but the chipotle mayo really completed the meal.Nearing the end of the visit I polished off a pint of Purple Gas from Big Rock. Its the Toads' seasonal pick right now. Tasty and not extremely sweet as so many fruit beers are.The staff are clearly new and there's things still being worked out. Our server was a little flustered at times as it seems that she doesn't have her routine quite figured out yet. However, overall it was still a pleasant experience.
<review# 96,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2014,8/21/2014,5,69,2,3,3>Ahhh I love the smell of books in the morning ;0). This is my most beloved library in Calgary. I recently renewed my card after some time away. And woweeee the renovations/innovations are rad! The robots are taking over ha ha j/k. As in, there are machines now(still 2 people if you so choose) that scan the bar codes on your books to check out & renew. Then a machine that is a conveyor belt, which takes your books when you return them. Another change is there are waaay more computers to use(which is free if you have a library card). I love the convenience of logging into the library website from home. And being able to search the entire cities library catalogue for books. Then I can place holds. By the way, once your hold is in you pick them up on the carts located on the main floor kinda by the checkout. All organized in alphabetical order.There is ample seating on every single floor. Which is good, because pretty much at any time/day of the week this library gets busy. The staff is available/easy to find & has always been extremely approachable/helpful.On top of it being a stellar library, if you have time, there are many *free* drop in courses/classes etc going on. For all ages; there are 50 + types! Such as: film nights, reading/art/photography clubs, computer & English classes. Check out the self standing bulletin type board located at the main entrance/exit. They show the goings on for the week. Or you can click on this link: calgarypubliclibrary.comShould you happen to get hungry/thirsty while there. Conveniently, they have a Second Cup cafe right inside the library.Happy reading!!
<review# 97,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2014,8/20/2014,266,478,5,5,5>Oh the Ship. I wonder how long you've been around for? You seemed to have outlasted the test of time compared to these trend bars that appear out of nowhere with their wait lines of tennis skirts/untucked dress shirts that weave around our streets like a human intestine only to wither away into empty disco floors with old sweaty sunken drunk eyes nearby pawing at those poor waitresses.According to FFWD you're the top place to "meet" someone or rather, a locally known "meat" market. What does that mean? I certainly have enjoyed your burgers, especially your entries for the YYC burger week and the occasional beef garnish on your EPIC nachos. But have I met interesting individuals? Yes, and I'll save those stories when I decide I want my reputation as a "nice guy" soiled. But overall, I've never been to any other place that's welcomed people from all ages,income, and culture all linked by one common attitude: you had to be chill as fuck. Stay golden pony boy.Ship, ship, ship. Methinks I'll be celebrating many birthdays, catch-up beers, post-tryst-lets-set-the-terms-chats, and times when I just want to sit on your patio and watch society drift by..or find a way to edit my intellibabble that are my reviews.Bottom line Ship, your drinks are cheap, but your character is not.Fin.
<review# 98,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2014,8/19/2014,34,29,6,7,6>Okay, I just moved to the area and every time I drive by Burger320 I want to go in. Finally, I had time and we needed dinner so it was the obvious choice.I ordered a GF (which they list as "girlfriend bun" - this makes me laugh because every single time I see "GF" written I think girlfriend) which was thin like a pancake with the vegetarian burger (read: mushroom) and the toppings of a Cayley burger (All sorts of goodness that comes with a turnip and carrot slaw). It was DELICIOUS and messy and glorious. We also had white fries and they were off the chain. Like so good. Oh god I want them now. And my gentleman friend ordered the classic 320 burger, which he reported was "legit"The staff was friendly and hilarious, gently poking fun at my difficult order. The coolest thing I saw was an older gentleman came in and he ordered his "usual" and couldn't remember what his wife wanted. The cashier was going to lend him her phone to call her, but the man who was cooking (who I am reasonably certain owns the joint and a million other joints) was like "Oh, Lana? She wants the chicken burger but spicy. Don't worry I'll make it". What the what?! That little old man felt so special and I was in awe of his memory and care for his customer.Go there! Get cash first though as they are cash only.
<review# 99,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2014,8/18/2014,13,22,,2,3>Had an issue with some steering and vibration on the passenger side front wheel.   Was interested in trying out a different auto shop as my experience with the dealership on my last wheel alignment wasn't the best. I also had a last minute muffler rattling issue that I wanted them to check which they kindly obliged.Booking an appointment online was easy, they give you a quick call to confirm everything and send you an email the day before as a friendly reminder. As I work during the day, I have to get to the office by 7:45 am, I was able to drop the vehicle off early at 7:30 am even though they open at 8 am.  They provided calls throughout the day, giving me updates on what was repaired and what will need repairing to correct the issue.  I never felt pressured into purchasing the service or replacement parts.  Had the shocks, struts, and wheels aligned as expected. I received the vehicle back, repaired and washed (complementary inside and out), above and beyond my expectations! If there was anything I could suggest, it would be a shuttle service to/from downtown.   They did offer to drive and pick up from the nearest c-train stop which is a nice option.  I know it's usually busy, but if they added a shuttle service from the core, maybe during off peak hours (9 am - 3 pm), this would be the added feather in an otherwise nicely brimmed cap.   Thanks again for the stellar service, I'll definitely be back (hopefully not anytime soon) should my vehicle require any other servicing needs.
<review# 100,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2014,8/17/2014,10,42,2,2,3>An Affair to Remember catered our daughter's wedding this past weekend (August 2nd).  From the initial consult, through to the unobtrusive clean up - everything was excellent.  Our daughter has celiac disease, and the entire menu was both accommodating and delicious.  Many of our guests made a special effort to mention to us how much they enjoyed the food.   We had approximately 165 guests at the wedding, and we had all tables served buffet style in 45 minutes.The staff were very friendly, efficient!  You won't go wrong choosing An Affair to Remember as your caterer.
<review# 101,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/7/2014,8/16/2014,40,9,4,4,3>The pint has a great patio on their third floor. Not much for a view unless you get some prime seats in the side. There is only 1 TV up there so stay inside if your hoping to catch a game. Service has always been meh.  Sit at a table instead of at the bar. I have had a few bartenders basically forget about me while being in their care. Wednesdays get busy because if 1/2 wings and $29 table kegs. Until they can train / get better bartenders and servers they will never peak over 3 stars.
<review# 102,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/4/2014,8/15/2014,12,52,1,5,3>Went here on the holiday Monday pretty early. There was only one server on so took a while to get our drinks but that's understandable. She didn't have great service at all though. I ordered the chicken wings which were decent but had a slightly odd taste. My fiancé and I both were craving fish and chips  so we both ordered that unfortunately. Basically we got $16 fish sticks and looked exactly like they came out of a box. They tasted marginal but definitely not fish n chips worthy. It seems like a half decent place but I'm not thinking we will go back anytime soon, definitely not for any food or fancy service.
<review# 103,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2014,8/14/2014,141,215,4,5,3>I finally got to try the Calgary coffeeshop everyone raves about when I met my business partner here early Saturday morning for a weekend work meeting. We had delicious lattes on their tiny patio chairs and it felt exactly as a coffeeshop should. This place is BUSY so best to grab your goods to go unless you're early like we were. I've tried to visit Analog before as a study spot to catch up on MBA homework, but it's tiny with limited seating -- and no one willing to give up their chair -- so I've frequently passed it over. While the coffee and bakery goods are delish, if you're looking for the same with less mayhem, maybe stop by one of the many P&S locations, including one just off 17th ave down 4th street. Staff is friendly and this spot delivers exactly as it should, I just wish it was bigger!
<review# 104,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2014,8/13/2014,34,185,1,4,3>Debating on whether or not to get eyelash extensions for an upcoming event, my girlfriend recently had her lashes done at Lashious and raved about her experience so I figured I'd give it a try.Nestled in a converted house (the spa is the lower level of the complex), I made my way down the stairs and was warmly greeted by Tania. She went over the waiver and amenties that the spa also offered (accuncture, cupping, etc). For an additional $20, I had the option to have a leg massage during a portion of my lash application - sure, why not! Tania went over the different options of lashes they had to offer and after answering all the questions I had, I went with her suggestion of the silk lashes. I made myself comfortable on the spa table (cuddled up in a fluffy blanket that was offered) and Tania started the process. I really appreciated her talking me through everything she was doing - taping my lower lashes, cleaning my lashes and esp when Debbie came in for the massage. Could you imagine not being able to open your eyes and all of a sudden someone starts touching your legs/feet?! That would have scared the bejezuz outta me!Not gonna lie, I fell asleep almost as soon as the massage started - it was so relaxing! The lash application did take the full 2 hours and it was totally worth it! Besides a few lashes that I've lost (due to natural shedding of my lashes), they still look as good as the day I got them done.They currently have a promotion on where you get 50% off your first service, in addition you get 10% off your next service if you re-book right away and a referral program (10% off for each person you refer to the spa - which is stackable - 10 friends would mean 100% off!)No question that they'll be seeing me in a few weeks time for my lash fill!
<review# 105,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/7/2014,8/12/2014,5,12,1,4,3>A few weeks ago I took a girlfriend from out of town here on a sunny day. We sat upstairs on the patio, which was decorated with colorful Mexican flair. The patio is a great place to people watch along very busy memorial drive. You can also watch the bow river from the patio, which is lovely on a summer day! The service was OK, it wasn't the best or the worst. The server was friendly and knowledgeable, but she really busy and didn't visit the table as often as would have been expected. The food here, I thought, was amazing! For a starter we ordered the tostadas, they were so delicious and filling that I wasn't too hungry for my main meal of Veggie Tacos (even though I still managed to eat one taco).  I loved the tacos as well! The food here is amazing and I will be returning to try more of this delightful menu!!You will want to note that the road noise on the patio is a low drone. As Julio's is in Kensington area the parking is at a premium on the weekends. There is a few pay to park lots in the area.
<review# 106,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2014,8/11/2014,199,84,7,7,3>If you have not been here..... what on earth are you waiting for??/Oh a reservation... thats understandable. This place is DELICIOUS, we lucked out and were able to get a table one night without a reservation and boy am i thrilled we did. Now if only I could get in to go back!!!BEST COCONUT RICE ever!!!! and the MoMO's omg... more momo's please! so tasty.I cant wait to go try the chau-chau. I really hope to make it for a lunch buffet so I can try everything!Seriously delightful, go, go now, and call me when you do so I can join you!
<review# 107,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2014,8/10/2014,45,109,4,3,3>Its open late, even on weekdays. In a city where everything closes before 9PM, this is a pretty big deal.The service is quite slow, and the wait staff will not check up on you. You almost have to throw a napkin dispenser at them to get their attention. But assuming you have already made your order, the food comes out quite fast. Which is scary, considering the number of items available on their menu. And that makes me question their food prep and what goes on in the kitchen. But oh well, its a Hong Kong style cafe that opens late. The portions are very large, good enough to share, and you are almost guaranteed to bring home leftovers.So despite the criticisms, why 4 stars? Because its decent food, and I would rather go here than Dennys. And I'll always have something to bring for lunch at work the next day.
<review# 108,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2014,8/9/2014,93,149,5,6,3>Hello Posto!You were a delight, thank you for the amazing service, food and wine.I really could write a review that would go on for 8 pages, but instead, you need to experience it yourself.And I love the boar, who has an italian name, but our server called him Harvey, so Harvey he shall be.My only regret was I was too full so I couldn't try dessert.
<review# 109,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/28/2014,8/8/2014,429,445,11,9,6>4th Spot is in a great location with plenty of parking, and the ambience is relaxed. I felt myself going back and forth with this review. I don't get it, Calgary. It seemed like with 3 servers relaying (with roughly 10 guests per server for the group), the service would actually be somewhat decent. However, it took my friend and I half an hour to get a menu, 20 minutes to get a glass of wine, and over an hour before her salad showed up. The server that gave us our drinks, didn't even bother to stop and ask if we were ready to order, he just booked it across the room. Is there someone outside in a giant barrel, stomping grapes with their bare feet? Is someone harvesting romaine lettuce by hand, in the rain? Why are so many of Calgary's restaurants completely and utterly unprepared to handle large groups? Large groups make reservations, so you know well ahead of time that you're going to be serving X amount of people; yet you still act like your mother-in-law randomly showed up on your front porch with a suitcase to stay for a week, so you ran upstairs and shit the bed. Thankfully, the birthday guy seemed to be well attended to, which is the important thing (and which kept your stars from turning brown), but when the food finally arrived... blargh. We wolfed it down because the wait was making us hangry, and if it wasn't for the Tic Tacs in my purse, my friend would've started nomming on the upholstery. Now, the sweet potato fries here are decent. And so is the house made hot sauce, although I wish it had come out at the same time my dipping cup of ketchup came out. By the time the ketchup came out, there were 3 fries left on the plate. Three. That's a rounded tablespoon of ketchup for every lukewarm fry.The gluten-free crust for the pizza... yeah. It was way undercooked. It tasted like I had put sugar-free ketchup on white bread. I know how that tastes, because I was a stoner in high school. I do appreciate that gluten-free things on the menu exist though, since the birthday guy legit has Celiac disease, and this restaurant is close to where he lives. Maybe, I would've appreciated it more, if I hadn't had amazing vegan, gluten-free pizza 2 days prior. But this pizza was like a bear in a tutu following the Beatles. I know delicious gluten-free crust is possible. This could've been more if it had more time in the oven. And it should've had all the time in the world, because it took over an hour to arrive. Still, while I wouldn't go out of my way to visit this place again, if invited, I'd probably give them another go. Like I said, I do really appreciate that they have gluten-free options available, and the servers seemed like they would be a lot nicer if they weren't so overwhelmed. I'd probably decline an invitation where there were 30 guests again, but maybe with a couple of pals.
<review# 110,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2014,8/7/2014,67,205,4,4,3>I've been here before, but I had never tried their Flipp'n burger, and it was time (first anniversary since they opened). There was SO MUCH juicy goodness dripping from it that the mess would've run down my arms if I wasn't careful. Wasn't sure I could finish it, either, but I managed to, with a huge pile of toppings, a side of yam fries, and a shake (chocolate). You can pay a lot more for a fancy burger in an upscale restaurant, but I'm not sure it would taste better than this Flipp'n masterpiece.
<review# 111,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2014,8/6/2014,57,118,3,6,3>Fried chicken is just one of the things I crave ALL the time, especially crispy fried chicken.  I have this love love relationship with fried chicken, there really isn't anything special about it....it's just that I love the crispy skin and then the tender chicken (mostly the skin). MMMMMM.So I'm weird, and I when I'm craving something, sometimes I send a mass message out to friends and ask where the best _________ is.  This time, obvi it was fried chicken so I asked a few people.  KFC, Chicken-on-the-way, Fritou Chicken, Yum yum BBQ and Olive chicken were some of the places mentioned.  Olive chicken caught my eye.  I read reviews about this place, heard that it's Korean style fried chicken and really good so I decided to drag my sister and make the stop.  Olive chicken is downtown on 10th avenue SW, in a Korean strip mall area.  Parking is chaos as there is a grocery store nearby and some of the spots are reserved.  I parked on the street right across from Olive chicken as it was after 6PM.  When you walk in, there are menus displayed and the specials are written on a chalk boards.  There is a visible seating area but it is quite small.  I would imagine it gets busy and tight during the lunch hour!  Dani and I decided to go with the small hot & sweet sauce chicken (5 pieces) and went with the sauce on the side as some Yelpers suggested.  I reallllly wanted to try the poutine but we decided to go with the "healthier" alternative and ordered veggies............that are deep fried ;) haha ANYway, we were the only customers so our batch was hot and fresh straight from the fryer.  We took a seat, grabbed the fried chicken and took a bite. *CRUUUNCH*....mmmmmm that's exactly what I like to hear when I bite into fried chicken!  I found Olive chicken to be less greasy than some other places and I really enjoyed the crispiness of the chicken.  I'm happy I opted for the sauce on the side as it was OK...sweet with a hit of spiciness, some would enjoy but I like plain fried chicken (or with ketchup...See!! Weird I know...).  Dani mentioned it wasn't too greasy and the chicken was juicy...she enjoyed it. For the deep fried vegetables, they were lightly battered, slightly salted and very crispy.  The vegetables included onions, broccoli, carrots and kabocha squash, very tasty!Olive chicken is a great place to get your fried chicken fix!  Next time I will try an Olive special with a side of poutine!!  Head over to Olive chicken if you're in the area...you won't be disappointed!  OH!  Rumor has it, they are opening another location on 17th avenue SW in the near future...YUM YUM YUM!Mouthing OLIVE CHICKEN = I LOVE CHICKEN! Not sure if they were going for that but I thought it was so clever ^_^
<review# 112,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2014,8/5/2014,16,68,3,4,4>Impeccable service. It's hard to fault anything about this restaurant because of the quality of their service. From the outside, it looks like just another little place in a strip mall but the inside is quite large, well-lit and airy. We went on a Wednesday night, were promptly seated and our order came out in less than 10 minutes. I ordered the #15 which was pork chops, shredded pork, quiche and fried egg on rice. (Tryna channel my inner cave person). It tasted much better than it looked. The kids shared taro bubble tea with lychee which they thoroughly enjoyed. Speaking of kids, bonus points for being kid-friendly. There was no kids menu but the servers were nice to my kids, brought them kiddie bowls and accommodated our special requests. I counted at least 5 high chairs and 4 booster chairs. All in all, it's worth the drive.
<review# 113,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2014,8/2/2014,16,76,4,4,3>We were the only ones there on a weekday around opening time. So I can't say much about the service, as it was obviously good. Though, being that this is Calgary, it's pretty typical that a new restaurant suffers from bad service initially. Not sure if this would be a problem here.Onto the food. Huevos Rancheros. Really delicious and an absolutely huge portion (which helps justify the price to an extent).  Great little spot if they can keep the service good. I will be back for sure. Short of a 5 star simply for prices that are a little too high.Final note: coffee is Phil & Sebastians. If you're into that (like me), then you'll love it. Otherwise, the uninitiated  may find it slightly sour or strong.
<review# 114,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2014,8/1/2014,48,224,4,5,3>We were the only ones here on a weekday right when they opened.  It was nice to have the patio all to ourselves.   Hard to comment on service though when you're the only ones there.The food was delicious though.  We ordered the buffalo tartar and tuna tartar to start - both had nice flavour, and were fresh.  The buffalo had a bit too many capers which sort of overwhelmed the dish, but it was a nice salty fix.We split the elk sliders and the pork ribs (on special that day) which was enough for the two of us.   I like when game meat doesn't taste like ground beef, which these elk sliders had a unique taste.  So props to Bar C for not just hiding the fact that its not beef.The beverages were a bit pricey (especially for the beer) but the fact that they had Du de Ciel's Hibiscus on draught was impressive.    Overall it was a nice experience, good food, can't complain.   Nothing was superb or standout, but it was a lovely late afternoon out.
<review# 115,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2014,7/31/2014,14,13,4,7,3>Orchid Pastry is the best kept secret in the NW. Hidden amongst the most unassuming of strip shops along Centre St and 64th, you wouldn't know you passed by quite possibly the best Pastry Shop in town if you were driving by.This sweet shop prepares exquisite hand made French/Persian delights from pastries, to bake goods and even cakes. You can order a box of sweets, cake slices, and other sugary delectables. Cakes will need an order as they prepare them on an order basis although they do have smaller log cakes. What I love about the sweets here is that Orchid Pastry's technique is different from nearly every other shop in town: their desserts are not overly sweet but still incredibly delicious, the cakes/slices are moist and not powdery dry, and they use fresh, real ingredients. Just one bite of anything and you'll taste what I'm talking about. I should also mention that customer service is always solid here, it's always kind, courteous service with a smile.Keep in mind that with this level of quality comes an acceptable premium in price. These aren't your safeway or superstore cakes so be prepared to drop a fair amount on these desserts/cakes if you're thinking about ordering one for a party (you should be thinking of / making up an event that calls for one of these delights -- "60 hour work week celebratory cake, anyone?"). Final word about this place: get up, drive here, try their sweets, and spread the word so that Orchid Pastry is no longer Calgary's best kept secret!
<review# 116,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/21/2014,7/30/2014,11,6,4,4,3>Ignore what people are saying here and put this place on your list!Went to Scopa a second time this past weekend and it truly made our day.It was the perfect atmosphere, casual yet smart and breezy with ultra high ceilings that still feels intimate.I had the feature artichoke soup topped with a scallop that had been dipped in a porcini powder before being seared. The soup was gorgeous. There was more asparagus puree than cream, which really let the veggie shine. Velvety, luxurious and the scallop was done perfectly and had the right meatiness to complement it.For my main, I ordered the funghi pizza that I'd had the last time. It is sinfully perfect. Creamy, cheesy thin crust that is good to last bite of the crust. Mushrooms aren't overwhelmed and the truffle oil just right. Everything you want your mushroom pizza to be.The boy ordered the boar bacon carbonara and if I wasn't loving my dish so much, I would have eaten his too. The boar bacon chunks were generous and have a smokey depth that you just don't get from regular bacon. The pasta was perfectly al dente, a true pleasure alone, plus the magic of the egg yolk and their parmesan was bang on: I dipped the rest of my crusts in it once he'd finished.An appie, two mains, plus a glass of wine and two beers later between the two of us came to $66 before tip. Our server was friendly, attentive and genuine; you could really tell he took pleasure when you were happy.The last time I'd gone with my Mom and her boyfriend and we shared the spinaci salad, that includes oranges, black olives, feta, cucumber and pistachio. Bright, crunchy and well dressed. Excellent textures. Highly recommended!Their risotto of the day was a green pea, lemon and yellow tomato risotto. Another great work in balance, the softer flavors of the vegetables weren't overpowered by the richness of the risotto and was unique in its lightness. It's too bad I couldn't get that again!I thought their arancini was OK, though I prefer the overly decadent ones at Cibo instead, but they were nice and light and didn't stop you from enjoying your dinner, so that could be a good thing too.We're definitely excited to explore more of the menu and you should too. It was solid value and memorable both times.
<review# 117,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2014,7/29/2014,18,56,3,4,3>Ok this is a review only of their tacos. If you want really great, authentic Mexican tacos (which are only two corn tortillas, delicious meat, cilantro, and onions) then you will LOVE this place. The other items on the menu looked ok, but we were specifically looking for authentic Mexican street-style tacos. This is a good size space (with about 10 tables) but it's not really a sit-down restaurant. It's a very casual little place with yummy, yummy tacos. I don't think I would recommend this for a 'dinner' but rather a great place to stop to buy tacos, some corn tortillas, and assorted sauces. The tongue, sausage, beef, and chicken tacos are about $3 while the barbacoa is about $4. This is a little steep for tacos, but that seems to be par for the course around here. The barbacoa is a little more expensive due to the fact that the tortillas fried and the meat is a little more involved. However, the cheaper tacos are delicious as well. To me, this really seems like the sort of place that you stick to the menu items that are the most recommended. Like I said, I cannot vouch for the rice/beans/tamales/quesadillas, but they didn't seem that appetizing to me.  Honestly, the next time we go we will probably still only get the tacos, but we would definitely drive across town just for the tacos.
<review# 118,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2014,7/28/2014,8,63,2,3,2>Met some friends for Saturday afternoon patio time and this place fit the bill perfectly.  The patio is covered so you get lovely fresh air without broiling in the sun.  The decor on the patio is rustic with lots if plants.  Lovely strings of lights for that moody ambiance once the sun goes down.   Our service was fantastic with a group of 7. Our waiter made some nice recommendations on appys had the drinks replenished promptly and was very personable.   Price is reasonable and portions are generous.  I'm not a Mexican food aficionado but I think their menu is very tasty.   The ceviche is fresh the sauces flavourful and the meat is lean and tasty.   Definitely recommend this gem in Inglewood for drinks or meals or both.
<review# 119,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2014,7/27/2014,8,25,4,4,3>I spent most of my life in Halifax, Nova Scotia.  Home of some of Canada's historical land marks, some of the country's premiere universities, the most number of pubs and tims hortons per capita, and of course DONAIRS!  Over the years I have come to become a bit of a donair aficionado, whether ordering in with friends during a game, or a drunken stumble to another famous Halifax landmark, Pizza Corner.I have tried several donair places after moving to Alberta, but none came even close to what I have come to know and love.  I was telling this to a friend I went to school with at SAIT after he told me about "the best donair place he had ever been to!" just a couple blocks from the school.  I went, not expecting much, until I walked into Jimmy's A&A.  First look from the outside, you think it's a corner store.  Far from it.  Walking in we were greeted with the smell of mediterranean spices and the familiar smell of donair sweet sauce.  On a side note Alberta, get rid of the garlic sauce!  That is not what you put on donair!  Has to be sweet sauce.  But I digress.Jimmy's had a large selection from donair, shawarma, meat pies, salads, a large selection of olives and pastries.  I ordered a donair with sweet sauce, tomatoes and banana peppers, my "go to" order, and a small piece of baklava.One thing that I notice in Alberta, is the way you sauce the donair.  A squirt bottle with sauce that is spread over the meat, like how you get at subway.  WRONG!  lol..  the meat should be tossed in the sweet sauce before being put into the pita.  Seeing the sauce being squirted on the meat left me thinking here we go again, another attempt at donair.  Well that was the only strike!  I got into the donair and I have to say that it is up there... the best ever? no, but close.  The seasoning of the meat elevated the donair beyond my expectations.  Although applied incorrectly, the sauce was delicious.  And it was a hefty helping of a meal!  Do not order anything bigger than a medium if you don't want to be taking left overs home with you.  The baklava was also very good.  A nice small piece was a welcome treat after the savouriness of the football size donair.  I have been back to Jimmy's twice through school, and already look forward to my next visit!
<review# 120,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2014,7/26/2014,95,304,2,4,2>I live so close to here and yet have not tried it until recently. My loss for sure... It's pretty busy in there as far as I've seen, so reservations are probably a must unless you want to wait! Generous helpings of sashimi, and all of the high quality ingredients that many restaurants are stingy with. Fairly basic rolls, but they do a GOOD job of them instead of having an extensive menu and not doing a great job.Great gluten free options and great gluten free knowledge, which was amazing for my father in law who is a celiac.
<review# 121,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2014,7/25/2014,138,614,4,8,3>Great-Service-Alert, Calgary Shoppers! (it does exist, you just have to hunt for it!!!)I was walking by La Vie En Rose in Market Mall minding my own business and noted these beautiful bathing suits hanging out front in the shop. These had my attention! So cute!Once you walk inside greeted by smiley staff, you realize how beautiful everything that they carry is. Styles are up to date and there is so much selection! So much colour! So many bathing suits! Who knew?I knew that the lingerie was a staple here but over the years I had completely moved on to Victoria's Secret. Not sure why that is and I know for a fact that I will be back to this store for some other things. Chelsea was a pro helping me out with anything I needed in the change room and found me some terrific pyjama pants on sale in my size. In addition to my new-found fave bathing suit! Super friendly, super patient Chelsea was and made the sale!Even if this is not your normal shop for this type of ladies wear, it is worth taking a look!
<review# 122,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2014,7/23/2014,157,283,2,5,3>Have been looking forward to visiting for awhile. Reservations were made and excitement building. An hour before dinner we were given tickets to see a hockey game and not sure if we could make dinner and a game work. We decided to show up a bit early, explained our dilemma and what happened next blew our minds. Our family of four was in and out within an hour. Fed, treated like superstars and made to feel awesome, but never rushed. Everything really was awesome that night.I partook in The Big Taste offering for dinner. Hubs had a burger (so delicious), and kids shared a few plates. The food was extraordinary. The service bar none. There were several people (staff) coming to the table, taking away empty plates, assisting and doing what every restaurant should be doing....working as a team. And not just our table, all the tables.Seriously awestruck at the service and food. If I could give 10 stars I would. Coming back soon.
<review# 123,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2014,7/22/2014,137,253,6,3,3>The StatementI want to simply state it now. Calgary is a city comprised of very few truly master pastry chefs.  Including restaurant and hotel ones, I honestly can think of maybe 15 in all that I truly respect and adore for their mastery of all things baking. Why? It's both an art AND a science. Baking is an art of taking exact measures, pushing the boundaries, hoping nothing explodes, and make the art a masterpiece, that never survives the day.  Some are absolutely supreme at bread, some at cakes, others at souffles. To me, Calgary's sole master in Croissants and Macarons is Sabastien, the chef-owner of Ohh La La Patisserie.The RevelationI've actually had very very few of his macarons, as I have a personal allergy to almonds. However, there has been the odd time I said, F*** it, popped an allergy pill and damned the consequences. They're, and pardon the weird description, tender. That's the only way I can describe it. Firm, yet soft to the touch, and sensual to the palate. It's simply a single pleasure to enjoy.The AdmissionBut what especially thrills me are his croissants. Flaky, rich and flavourful, from the simple butter croissant, to the decadent Maple. Each one has found a way into my stomach and my culinary dreams. I pace myself quite carefully admittedly, as whether it be the Chocolate Croissant or the Maple or whichever, they're just too rich to bear without going into a state of sugar-induced rapture. The ComplaintMy only complaints about the place really. The locale. It's just too far for me to make it there regularly. It's a destination trip really, where I know I can find a form of baked Nirvana waiting in the display. The FutureHi, My name is Terry. I am a Croissant-aholic
<review# 124,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2014,7/21/2014,141,125,3,2,2>My first time here, upon reading previous Yelp reviews. I decided to eat here today. I just ordered a small beef donair, and a bottle of water. It came to just over $10 dollars. It was very tasty I have to say. I ordered it with the sweet sauce. You can also order it with hot sauce, or garlic sauce. Oh yeah, you can also get various veggies in it. It's like a sub, but way tastier.
<review# 125,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2014,7/20/2014,190,342,,4,2>I've had lunch here a couple times now and the croque madame is soooo good. :) I also had a moules frittes today and it was a large portion and deeeelicious! I haven't come here for dinner but I do recommend the lunch/brunch. Tips: - make reservations as the place is small- its a small menu, & may have a few changes seasonally
<review# 126,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2014,7/19/2014,33,247,3,3,2>Añejo may translate as "aged" but you could not find a more youthful atmosphere.You walk up to this restaurant and you know you're in for a treat. Not only are all of the patrons happy and outgoing but it's obvious that the staff are having a great time as well. When you have the perfect trio of tacos, tequila, and great company how could you go wrong? I managed to get my party to order all of the kinds of tacos so that I could sample them all. I was impressed with all of the tacos. They were all uniquely flavored and filling (you only need three). I am not a huge fan of battered fish in tacos, so I would recommend either the chicken, beef, or pork and you won't go wrong. Also, the staff provide great service and are very nice.If you're not already ordering the guacamole you're making a terrible life choice. Made right in front of your eyes as you drool over how delicious all of the fresh ingredients look. The chips they provide are the perfect delivery system for this tasty substance.Do you like spicy foods? Do you like really really spicy foods? Okay then you need to talk to the staff and get a bottle of their homemade hot sauce. This tasty sauce is hot enough to spice up your tacos and provide that little extra taste that you didn't even know was missing.Dessert time: You don't need any more food, get tequila! Grab a shot of that delicious coconut flavored tequila and keep the night going.If you like Mexican, you can't dislike Añejo because then you'd just be wrong.
<review# 127,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/15/2014,7/18/2014,13,40,2,6,2>I have to agree with some of the other reviews here. Bubbles does the job but it is not amazing by any means. I had just purchased a new (used car) and decided to get it detailed. They were accommodating to request to get the shampoo package on the front seats and carpets which was nice. Usually you can only get the seats or carpets for that price (no mix and match). Anyways I appreciated it.They have a nice open seating area with TV's, magazines, leather chairs if you want to sit and wait. You can watch your car come through the bay after the exterior wash as well. The ladies at the end of the wash clearly seemed to notice I was the owner watching my car come out... from the other side of the glass it was almost like watching them quietly agree to look like they were doing a good job cause the owner was watching... seemed a bit awkward.... Anyways - my car was totally finished in under 2 hours as promised. Pretty well done, there were a few spots that seemed to have been missed but nothing major. My one pet peeve was that between the seat and the center console there were still crumbs. Isn't that one of the major reasons you get someone professional to clean your car??! They should have the tools and expertise to get in there - frustrating! Oh - and once my seats dried hours later I discovered that the water stains were still there that I wanted cleaned out with the shampoo...So all in all - they do a pretty ok job. They do a good job at delivering in their selling attribute - clean (mostly) - fast.
<review# 128,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2014,7/17/2014,52,73,4,7,3>Okay, so it's a month before my daughter's grade 12 grad and we just started shopping for her dress today. Risky? Maybe. Walking into A Vintage Affair we saw that there was a wide selection of one-of-a-kind dresses from the 50s that would be perfect for a grad 12 grad dress (And we crossed out fingers that one would fit and suit my daughter)!My daughter chose a handful of dresses to try on and it came down to two gorgeous knee-length formal dresses. It was hard to decide, but my daughter chose the more sophisticated one, so that she could wear it to a few other social occasions this summer. While trying on the dresses, one of the owners assisted us. She was so helpful giving advice and ideas on accessorizing. She also pointed out that a vintage dress is not going to go down in price, as long as you take care of it. It's like an investment - a clothes investment! Does it get any better than that??After my daughter decided on her dress, we looked around the rest of the store. There's lots of knick knacks, accessories and things your grandma might have had that is now worth decent money. I don't know about you, but my grandma would likely faint if she knew how much her hand embroidered doilies are going for these days...
<review# 129,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2014,7/16/2014,13,68,2,4,3>I went back again!My buddy and I tried to hit up OEBs down the road. It's still a place on my list, but I'm going to need a lot of luck to squeeze in a table. We decided to walk a block to enjoy our bunch at Cerezo. I secretly want this place to stay hidden, but this cafe deserves attention. They honestly serve the most unique and delicious bunch/lunch I've had in Calgary. The ladies make solid lattes too. I love their Spanish and Chai Lattes. Last time I had their Pork Miso Cutlet Doria, which is nice combination of savoury and sweet. I went with their Bolognese Sirloin Burger (I know, the combo caught me off guard too), and the cook wowed my palette again.Domo Arigato!
<review# 130,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2014,7/15/2014,14,6,,3,1>Started with a very friendly and warm welcome by the hostess. Followed by a greeting by an awesome server with a friendly personality and super knowledgable!  We started with the baked pretzel with cheese sauce and chips - Wow!!! Had a couple draft beers and some seriously good pizza, try the Prospect Park, you'll LOVE it! Finished with the Phyllo wrapped cheesecake. An amazing experience on a Friday night out with my wife!
<review# 131,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2014,7/14/2014,31,136,,4,1>Forewarning, this will be an incomplete review. There are basically 3 distinctly different businesses at work here: the financing side, the sales side, and the consignment side. I only delt with 2/3 (and the reviews I've seen of the consignment side are almost unanimously bad, so it will almost certainly stay that way) but I will review what I DID experience.SALES - I started my experience with Treadz by emailing to ask a bunch of questions. I did this will 4 or 5 comparable dealerships going in, most were very friendly but Vincent was the only one who seemed to be very honest and frank with me, rather than dodging specifics and obviously up-playing things to get my business. I found this so refreshing in the used car business, I decided to submit a financing application (more on that later). When I heard back from another salesman, Justin, saying I'd gotten approval I was still on the fence as to whether I wanted to use it or not as I'd been badly burned by a similar dealership in the past (see my review of the con men that call themselves Cavalcade Auto). However, I took a look at their inventory online and came down with 2 cars I was interested in. Both were huge disappointments, and had several flaws that either weren't shown in the pictures online or weren't noticeable when they were, so I was almost ready to walk out... but Justin showed me 3 others I hadn't looked at seriously, and 2 of which were great. Before I knew it, I was at a toss up and seriously debating which way to go. So basically, if you expect a huge selection or go in with some preconcieved idea of what you want, this probably isn't the place. Their lot is small and most of them have moderate-level problems ranging from rust to high kms to mild body damage, but there ARE (or at least were yesterday) a few diamonds in the rough to be found, if you're open to things you haven't considered.Justin himself is probably the main reason I decided to deal with Treadz. He was not only super friendly and accommodating, but knowledgeable and honest. I never felt like I was dealing with the cliche "used car salesman" type. I was probably a huge pain too, treating him like a con artist based on my previous experience, bringing through two different friends to give look overs and test drives to make certain I wasn't missing anything, just all around taking up a lot of his time and not always being very nice about it, but he never faltered and even (very proudly, it seems) explained how Treadz doesn't work on commision, but rather on a volume based performance bonus system, so it didn't benefit him at all to upsell me to something I didn't want or to pressure me into anything, which showed (and was appreciated).Also it should be noted that the prices listed online ARE a good 10% or so above fair market value on most vehicles (some may be even more, I'm just going from the ones I looked at) but they're pretty good about negotiating - I got a very fair price, with a couple of minor repairs thrown in as a bonus.FINANCING - Unlike my previous experience, these guys don't do their own financing. It's not a "here's the deal, sign it or don't" kind of setup. They broker deals between buyers and financing companies, which not only helps you get a better rate but in the case of someone like me who's credit rating isn't the best, increases your odds of finding approval. In my case, Justin found me two companies that would approve me, one of which gave me a rate almost 10% lower than what I'd previously been assessed at by competitors.I list this as a seperate "business" because apparently you can even have these guys broker financing on vehicles bought elsewhere - I didn't do that, but I've read reviews from people who have.All in all, I'm docking one star because of the small selection, frequency of issues with vehicles in the lot, and the fact that many of these issues are not represented online... but everything else was VERY positive, and since I don't expected anybody would buy without taking a closer look in person, those seem like relatively small things, so I would still very much recommend giving these guys a look if you're looking for a used vehicle on the cheaper end of things.
<review# 132,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/26/2014,7/13/2014,45,146,,2,1>Well! I seem to have finally found the happy medium with nail salons! This place was pretty clean, well located and had friendly staff. Price wasn't cheap, but thats not a problem when ability and service are great. Great new set of gel nails and a pedicure. As usual, I was not impressed with the foot massage, but I rarely am - SO hard to come by. Digging the nail colour and one on one service. I'll be back for sure. Full new set of nails and pedicure with gel polish and tip came to $150 for just over 2.5 hours of service. Good deal. Staff were attentive, fluent English speakers that seemed to be genuinely happy. The space was large and comfy.
<review# 133,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2014,7/12/2014,8,21,1,3,2>The best bagels in the city! Made in a wood burning oven. They also make some good lox and brisket sandwiches using the bagels. The owner is a cool guy, always friendly and enthusiastic. It really pains me to deduct a star, but sometimes when I come here it takes a while to get my order as the owner is usually the only one working at the front and, if there are one or two other people ahead of you, it can take a little while before you can place your order. Especially if someone is getting a sandwich. This is something that has prevented me from going in a few times. If I'm just driving by and don't have time to risk spending 15-25 minutes in here then I can't go. That and the cash only thing. Sometimes I don't have cash so I can't go here without visiting the ATM first then coming back. I know that hiring extra staff and having a debit terminal seems like it would eat into profits, but I'm sure this place would get much more business if you could just stop in more spontaneously without having to pre-plan visits with cash and enough time to wait.That being said, the bagels are truly magnificent! I've had bagels all over the world including Montreal and New York and these are definitely the best. They are always fresh and have almost a sweet flavor as you bite into them. They are also very well priced. Worth a visit.
<review# 134,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2014,7/11/2014,14,16,3,5,3>The Angels Center is under new management, and with it the store has a much more relaxed and thoughtful vibe. The owner is often there these days as she builds the business back up, and she's done a great job to revive this new age destination. I went in for a tarot reading with Jacqueline and I was very happy with her intuitive interpretation of the cards, her groundedness and her professionalism. I felt well-guided when I left and was able to make an important decision in my life as a result. If you had a bad experience here under the previous management, I highly recommend you give it a second chance. I will definitely be going back.
<review# 135,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2014,7/10/2014,41,412,1,4,2>Great ambience!.... The appetizers are just ok.. But the wine is very good... The waiter recommended the octopus as the best appetizer ( honestly, it was not that good... Maybe my expectations were too high ) ... The duck fat fries were ok.. All other appetizers were not bad, but nothing really awesome... The wine is definitely the best thing this place has..
<review# 136,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2014,7/9/2014,10,9,3,5,3>This place is just around the corner from my office, and it's the best lunch option around in my eyes.First, the service is great. I'm always greeted with a big smile and polite chatting. They remember regulars and give out free baklava to everyone.Second, the food is great. I love that they put lots of toppings on my donair instead of just sprinkling on the veggies like some places do -- lots of meat, lots of pickles, lots of sauce, lots of everything so it's actually balanced and you get all the tastes when you bite into it. They really pile it on, so it's a great deal and a filling lunch for $9. The meat is well-seasoned and I love their garlic and sweet sauces. The tabouli salad is great too, with tons of parsley. I've never had a bad donair here, and I have to limit myself to only going a couple times per week or I'd be in there every day.
<review# 137,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/3/2014,7/8/2014,5,22,2,4,2>I cannot say enough great things about One Cycle! I am a very active person and I can say without any reservation that this is one of the hardest workouts I have ever tried. By the end of the 50 minute class you will have worked out legs, core, arms and shoulder and you WILL feel it. I absolutely LOVE the music there, I enjoy Joanna Magik's classes the best because of the electro beats she chooses but generally most instructors will choose tracks that will get you super pumped. The frontend staff is super friendly and they truly listen when you have any feedback regarding the facilities, website, etc. Oh and at the end of each class you will have a fresh lemon grass scented towel waiting for you! That is a refreshing, very original touch that will make you look forward to completing your workout.The only thing that holds me back from giving them 5 stars is that they don't offer any monthly membership options so if you are like me and workout at least 5 days a week, you will find it pricey to attend a min of 3 times/wk (approx $180/month) - at least in comparison with all other fitness facilities in town.
<review# 138,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2014,7/7/2014,75,130,3,6,2>#114 It's 10:45pm on a Friday night.You're hungry.You don't want a burger or pub food or any fast food (sorry Denny's, McDonald's, Tim Hortons, Wendy's but I just played volleyball for 2 hours and I need sustenance without sickness).Options.. options... telephones.. telephones.. why do hotels always hide their telephones (in my best Bugs Bunny voice, see en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tr for a description of where this quote comes from and why)?See, this is what happens when you are hungry after a long workout!Anyway, my friend suggested a trip to Calgary's Chinatown.Those who know me know I am very picky when it comes to Chinese food since one of my Vancouver friends (when I visit) takes me to Richmond to the best Chinese places outside of China.As we parked, we walked 2 blocks to the Calgary Court Restaurant (which apparently open to midnight on Friday and Saturday nights).Court is now in session with the honourable judge James at your service.We were acknowledged immediately and got to choose our own table and we got one a few feet from the window but in view of an either 26", 27", or 32" TV (hard to tell but I can see the Chinese program that is apparently Vancouver-based as all the commercials were for Vancouver and I recognized some of the businesses) across the restaurant. I think the TV should be replaced with a 42" personally.The waitress seem sort of timid or maybe nervous but she was courteous and prompt to bring hot tea (which normally I do not drink but it was -26°C which is -15°F (for my American friends and relatives) so a hot drink was just what the doctor ordered). She made a few menu recommendations as apparently they have a regular menu available all day and a 1 page front/back of specials that time of day dependent.I almost got the spicy Szechuan chicken (on the 1 page front/back menu) as a group of people 3 tables had that and it looked good but it was comfort food weather so I got the House Special Fried Rice for $11.95. I expected not so fresh vegetables, rice, etc. However, I was proven wrong and then some. It was what looked like an average size plate but by the halfway point, I was almost full. The rice tasted so good (though I would like to have a spicier blend but I am willing to bet that on my next trip, I can ask for that), the vegetables included peas, carrots, and some kind of green shoots (all which tasted good and enhanced the flavour of the rice), and tiny shrimp and I believe either beef or sausage as well. By the way, I put some of the creme soup (mentioned in the next paragraph) on the House Special Fried Rice (yet another good idea by yours truly).My friend got a dish (I don't remember the name but I just remember the portion was huge and tasty) for $17.95 that had a bowl of rice (separate) with pork chops, beef, chicken, Chinese sausage, french fries (which I thought was odd but they were good), and a bowl of some type of creme soup (which I sampled and it was delicious!!!!). He also got an iced tea (and him being Canadian/Calgarian-born Chinese and me being American, you'd thought I would have gotten the iced tea since Americans more often than not get drinks with ice in them).From what other reviews have stated, this place was affected by the flood so I do not know what it looked like before but now the interior is very clean, ample table space, well-lit, and can have lots of people with their own conversations without intruding on the one at your table.I did notice there were very few white people (two to be exact) in the restaurant. As a white person, if I see very few Asians in an Asian restaurant, I will not eat in said restaurant because this tells me it's not very authentic or very good.Again, reading other reviews regarding the service, my personal experience was very positive so much so that I will be heading back again this week.The Court has adjourned and the judge has left the building.Note: if you are a Shaw wifi subscriber and have entered the MAC address of your device, the wifi is free.
<review# 139,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2014,7/6/2014,14,128,3,4,3>The Pumphouse has incredible ambience as it easily wrests somewhere between theatre and historical site. The beautiful red brick building, acoustics, and large stages enable intimate but feasible setting for plays, shows, and the like.My only complaint is the comfortability (or lack thereof) of the seating. The chairs are not conducive to sitting for a three hour show. Most shows include intermissions. I suggest you make good use of said intermission and stretch your legs!!Also, the Pumphouse is tucked away off the beaten path meaning that no eateries are in the area. Do not expect to stop at a restaurant before the theatre if you only want to park once. No restaurants are theatre-adjacent.
<review# 140,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2014,7/5/2014,34,145,1,4,2>Two rolls, four pieces of Tako and a water left me just under $31.00.  I'm not complaining, just saying that you should expect to spend a bit extra for sushi in the heart of Redneckville.  This is like my nirvana.  Horse country and sushi.  All in all the rolls were pretty good.  I made a mistake and ordered two very similar rolls but thankfully both were pretty good.  Quick service and its not pre-made.If you're in the area you should probably try it. You could also stop by my ranch.
<review# 141,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2014,7/4/2014,22,41,2,7,2>One word: Cute! An interesting Asian hot pot restaurant locate at center of Chinatown. It's all you can eat menu only, and the word "cute" I use, because most traditional Asian hot pot I knew are one big pot of soup broth with a stove on the table; cook the raw meat or other food produce share with group of people. But this restaurant concept was thinking outside of the box: Someone invented INVIDUAL stove with a very small size pot in front of your table, you can choose your own variety flavour of the soup from healthy vegetarian to Szechwan spicy hot soup broth.  Which also reduce cross-contamination and you don't need to share the soup broth with other people. The menu are huge selection to choose: raw meat, seafood (some are frozen), produce, noodles, hot food (wings, deep fried spring rolls etc...). There is create your own dipping sauce for increase your taste bud with your cooked food: from sweet tangy to extreme spicy chilli sauce, just locate in main entrance. Services was taken care by Asian wait staff nothing ordinary, but there is one female wait staff taking care of us acting very cutely as from her speech and greeting gesture (with a bow) make us feel differently as other Asian restaurant services attitude nor behavior. Definitely will be back again.Tips:Reservation: especially on weekends and/or holiday. Or big groups in advance. It all you can eat !Order menu sheet: be caution what you order including the soup broth. Some menu item specific quantity, I ordered 1 dumpling for cooking it came in "one unit" of dumpling. And raw meat are cut into very thin slice maybe 1 order = 6 slice of meat per order. There is lots of food recommend in the order sheet, but most memorable menu is a dessert (under hot food order sheet section): deep fried Asian bun with sweet condense milk (crispy outside, steamy soft bun inside, dipped with condense milk = heaven)
<review# 142,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2014,7/3/2014,165,224,7,8,8>Oh em gee! It's bubble tea! And that, my friends, is my rhyme of the day. Dale and I stumbled upon Itea on a random very cold weekday, and what a fun find! This place is half the size of most bubble tea places, but ten times more fun! They had a huge menu, but the best part was everything was customizable! You want a hot bubble tea or cold? Want to watch your sugar intake and want less sugar? Or like everything extra sweet? Or how about your bubbles, how do you like em? Straight up tapioca bubbles? Lychee/green apple/aloe vera jelly? Or what about mango popping bubbles or yogurt popping bubbles???? It's all customizable! The amount of sheer choices is plain awesome! The Taiwanese popcorn chicken was tasty also. Once again, 4 different flavours. Oh, the ladies working at the counter deserve a special mention. I can't even tell you how many times they asked us if we liked our bubble tea, or if we would like anything else, or if we would like to try any other bubbles! Seriously unlike most Chinatown establishments! I will definitely be back - more yummy bubble tea times await at Itea!
<review# 143,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2014,7/2/2014,30,49,2,3,2>What a pleasant surprise it is to find this little gem hidden in my neighborhood! Must say, the portion sizes are exceptional...the BBQ salmon skin roll is huge! Really good value. I started with miso soup and loved every bit of it. Definitely no bland soup here, it was full of flavor. The salmon sashimi was fresh and beautiful, as was the chopped scallop temaki. This was a bonus as the nori wrap was toasted nicely and still crisp when it arrived. The BBQ salmon skin maki...for $4.00 I was expecting six small pieces of maki with little bits of salmon skin. BUT NOOOO, they impressed me again with four lovely large maki pieces full of crispy skin and cucumber. The sweet sauce was drizzled on without soaking the roll. To finish off my delightful meal, I just couldn't resist a little green tea ice cream. (Just the thought of it enticed another satisfied diner to order some as well.)I will definitely be back...with friends!
<review# 144,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2014,7/1/2014,103,315,3,6,3>This tiny restaurant made a big impact on us. My dining companion kept remarking on how close the food was to tasting like her mother's and her travels to Indonesia. I think her final phrase was "super awesome deliciousness". The flavors are excellent, the ingredients really fresh, and the server was so happy that we were enjoying things. It's nice to feel appreciated.Beef rendang was excellent. It's very hard to find it done this well. The soup was very fragrant (and much bigger than expected!), while the tempeh (pressed soy beans) and lemper ayam (chicken and sticky rice cooked in a banana leaf) were outstanding.They even make proper Indonesian coffee (with the grounds still in). Good find, recommended.
<review# 145,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2014,6/30/2014,29,29,4,4,3>This place is the Wurst!  Actually, it's hard to find something other than it's name that isn't just Uber-Awesome!  Wurst is on it's second iteration, after only a few short years in business, it was completely flooded out in June 2013's epic disaster.  It was the Wurst for this business (sorry for the pun)!These guys have reopened, cleaner and better than ever!  I think they might have even lowered their prices!  This restaurant is the closest to a true Bavarian Bierhaus to any I have seen in Canada thus far.  It's set up 'family-style' with long bench laden tables that seat somewhere between 14-50, depending on how busy the night gets any how close you want to get to your neighbour.  Weekends here are what legends are made of: German Oompa bands, 2 litre Beer boots and 1litre steins that sure make an epic CLANK when you smash two together and yell PROST!The menu is typically German, taking influences from all across the German regions, even offering a sausage platter that I believe is from 3 different cultural districts!  The food is great and they never skimp out on the multiple mustards and the huge portions of sauerkraut with the sausage plates!If you went here before the floods, go back!  This places needs a really big year and any local support it can handle!  A unique bar like this needs to stay in Calgary for the long run, so everyone go in once and buy a stein of your favourite German Bier!Oh, and if you are truly hardcore, you can rent a locker where you can store your cheesy (but yes, cool) beer stein that the servers will fill upon your request!  Just a word to the wise on this one guys... Every female I have visited this pub with definitely stay away from gents that have their own mug.  It's a major fail-factor for meeting girls!
<review# 146,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/31/2014,6/29/2014,25,81,2,3,2>I enjoyed coming here last night. The food was really good. We had the veggie dinner for two. The only thing I wasn't super crazy about was the soup. I subbed hot and sour soup instead of the creamed corn. I despise creamed corn and corn in gerneral. The soup was gelatinous not really what I expected. I didn't love it but I still finished it so I didn't waste it. My significant other didn't even touch his he smelled it and passed it over to me.My favourite part was the veggie ginger 'beef' it was really good and filling. I really enjoyed branching out and trying a new place.
<review# 147,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2014,6/28/2014,22,201,,7,1>It's the line that has kept me away from OEB thus far.  But today I didn't see anyone outside and although there were people inside waiting I got the magical "if you will sit at the bench we'll get you in right away"  so I stayed for my first OEB meal. The sounds of the menu items is pretty magical... I took a while to decide what I should try here in the 2 years I've been waiting for a chance to come in. I went with truffled squash eggs benny opting for the spinach over the potatoes to keep things vegetarian.  I wouldn't have thought i'd like squash on a benny but I did. The only strange thing about my dish was the visual appeal.  After I popped my yolks (free range and a rich orange) the yolk and squash made my plate resemble carrot juice and I find it a bit off putting and I realize i'm being rather picky with that detail there.Over all this is probably the best breakfast place I can think of in Calgary.  Not my favorite ever but it's by far a great gourmet breakfast experience for anyone who likes good food and appreciates some of the flavor profiles they select for the dishes. I love how all the plates have a slice of dragon fruit - something I associate with huge expense for the middle of winter in this city... so that's pretty wow-worthy.   There pricing is on the steeper side but it's deserved and obviously they have the clients that agree because the lines suck.  Which brings me to the draw back -  20 minute drive to stand in an hour line for breakfast?  Hmmm...  I won't be here too often and I will try to come back!
<review# 148,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2014,6/27/2014,69,90,4,6,5>We were looking for casual lunch on a Sunday morning and we decided to try this charming cafe located in a small park. The location is perfect, I am sure during  the summer the patio is fantastic. As soon as I entered the restaurant, I was mesmerized by the scene of the chef cutting a home made Porchetta. At that moment, I was sure what I am going to order :D The decor and ambiance was very welcoming and cozy. I ordered the Porchetta ciabatta sandwich (11$). The sandwich was simple but delicious. Generous amount of pork meat with arugula and house sauce. Before we leave, I realized they have 4 beers on tap. I am sure, I will defiantly go back there for a drink and some more delicious food. Generally, if you are looking for a quick casual quality sandwich, I highly recommend this place. It is a very good location for a friendly gathering.
<review# 149,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/4/2014,6/26/2014,11,36,,4,3>How has this place been open for months and I have never heard of it? I saw that they had brunch so I told my fiancé that we should go try it out. We got there on a late sunday morning and were greeted by the hostess who showed us to our seat promptly. There wasn't too many other people there yet. (that changed about 15 mins later and the place started filling up) Although my plan was to get brunch I opted for the pretzel sticks to start and a grilled cheese burger.The pretzel sticks were awesome! when they arrived at the table I thought at first that they we burn as they were a dark brown color, don't be fooled they were cooked to perfection! So hot and perfectly seasoned on the outside and soft and fluffy on the inside. Comes with a  horseradish mustard dipping sauce so good!!The grilled cheese burger was just average. Go hungry as it is stacked and just way too much for me to finish. You get 2 sides with it so I got the house greens pretty good and the fries with dill dip.On a side note I made a comment to my man about how similar the menu was to Original Joe's turns out they are owned but the same group of people hence the similar items on the menu. However State & main offers many things that OJ's does not.... like the pretzel sticks!I will definitely stop here again when I'm shopping at Chinook.
<review# 150,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2014,6/24/2014,63,47,,3,3>This location is easy to get to, is spacious and not overly crowded. The staff is friendly and accommodating and you are greeted right when you get through the door. I like the ambience and set up of the restaurant, it has a happy-go-lucky diner feel to it. I have two favourite dishes there and on both occasions they have been absolutely delicious - the California omelet which is packed with chicken & avocados and a nice side of salsa & sour cream and the Nellie's Oven Melt where you get to choose either tuna, chicken, eggs, or crab. I decided to choose chicken with a side house salad and it was a perfect amount of food for a great brunch. If you're willing to pay a few bucks for a good breakfast/brunch this location has it going on.
<review# 151,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2014,6/23/2014,194,334,2,4,2>I am opening up my first retail location on Edmonton Trail and wanted to install some web cams that location for security purposes, in addition to the security system that I already have.I heard about Clever Concierge through my colleague Elma (she is one of the owners). We are both IS consultants in Oil and Gas and she let me know that her and her husband (who is also an IS professional) were starting this business.  For me, that was instant trust, because Elma is as smart as a whip and she cares about her work, so I already had context into working with her as a colleague. Back to the cameras.... when the time came and I opened up my retail location in Calgary, I reached out to her and asked whether installing these webcams with remote access was a possibility and it sure was!  She forwarded the request to her husband and I heard back from him the same day.  I explained the requirements and in no time, I had three webcams installed with night vision, recording and every time it senses motion, it takes two pictures and emails them to me.Not only was this a painless install for me, it was a LOT more affordable that I expected.  Moez (the other partner) did the install and he is not only a genius, he is friendly, helpful and engaging.If you are a small Calgary business and you are looking for IT support, hardware installs, software upgrades, break-fix help or any other computer quandary, give Elma and Moez a call or email.  I had a top notch experience with them at a fair price.
<review# 152,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/26/2014,6/22/2014,1,19,2,3,2>Tenshi is a great sushi restaurant! Their lunch specials include a soup and salad. For soup, there is your choice of miso or egg dropped. I went with the egg dropped and it had a delicious chicken broth  with crab, green onion, chicken, and egg. The salad was pickled noodles with cucumber garnished with a lemon. My lunch special, which was under $12, included a california roll, salmon roll, and dragon roll. Enough to fill you for sure. It's quite small and the atmosphere is very casual.
<review# 153,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/28/2014,6/21/2014,3,8,3,5,3>Just found this place last night & I have to say I was super impressed! If you like loud music, lounge couches, sheesha and AMAZING atmosphere, you have to try this spot! I didn't eat anything but they have really cool flavored tobaccos to mix & even serve liquor! The crowd that attracts to this place makes me a little on edge though. The server was excellent till the end where she realized we weren't there to spend a lot I money & were just there to simply check out the place so she started ignoring us & have al the attention the high ballers beside us. It even got to the point that we were looking at our empties till we left & had to ask another server to get the bill for us! All in all, I actually had a decent time but it would have been ruined if the music wasn't so good and the lights weren't so cool!Can't wait to go back this weekend & all the weekends after that!
<review# 154,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2013,6/20/2014,35,291,3,6,3>Unique in Calgary, this is a modest French delicatessen with 6 or so tables, specializing in house made charcuterie. For eating in, L'Épicerie gets Paul's coveted five stars for the combination of the price, quality and YYC rarity of the food, its presentation, and the great service. My tablemate and I like variety, so at the deli case we ordered half inch slices of the rabbit and 3 different pork terrines, along with a similarly scaled slice of truffled compound cheese roll and some ratatouille vegetables. After a few minutes, they arrived at our table accompanied by several dozen baguette slices, sliced cornichons, a pot of butter and a pot of Dijon. The manager threw in a complementary serving of duck rillette and said we had to try it. Armed with a self-serve pitcher of water, we dug into the salty selections before us. The rillette was very well executed - shredded duck in a medium of perfectly salted duck fat that was neither liquid-greasy nor solid-clumpy. The various terrines all had their own flavour profile, one more livery, one nutty, one reminiscent of creton, and the last distinctly rabbit. Here the cornichons and mustard complimented some nicely, while the butter and ratatouille were a better enhancer for the others. That is to say, the provided extras were much appreciated. The cheese roll was a tour de force for the nose and palate, with black truffles and Roquefort blue cheese mixed into an aged, slightly nutty firm cow's cheese.  This type of slow paced, strong-flavoured-make-your-own-combos lunch is for Epicureans, not the health conscious, the impatient, or the delicate.To switch up the palate we got a cappuccino and a piece of open-face apple tart. Both were pretty good. The manager comped us a couple of large thimble sized pastries that I liken most to mini-clafoutis, with cinnamoned exteriors and a custardy vanilla dough on the inside. The perfect bite to end a wonderful lunch. An even better end was the $36 bill, what I would consider excellent value given the food and service we got. I don't think there are any comparable places to get this kind of meal in Calgary, so I'm glad a stumbled upon it, and you will be too.
<review# 155,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2014,6/19/2014,115,261,2,4,4>SO, so good!!!I've heard about this place many times in Yelpland, but I never had the opportunity to try it...until now! A loose hood on my car led me to pull into this strip mall and am I ever glad I did.There was quite a wait when we arrived, but thankfully it went quickly and we were seated right away. I ordered a B52 coffee & the Potato, Bacon, and Cheese pancake and it was absolute heaven! We also got a couple of Banana, Coconut, and Chocolate ones to go, and I'm not even ashamed to admit we attacked both of them within a matter of minutes once we got home.I cant wait to go back and try everything else off the menu. I. MEAN. EVERYTHING.
<review# 156,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2014,6/18/2014,60,255,3,3,2>I stopped in at Bun on the Run today for the first time not knowing what to expect.  From the other reviews my expectations weren't that high.The place is pretty dated, but well kept and clean.  You can tell the owners really take pride in the cleanliness of the dining area.  I've seen places that were only a year old with more dirt and grime than this place.  The menu board could have been a bit easier to understand and the flow of entry could have been better (cash register is at the end)What really shines is the value and quality of the food.  The food isn't going to win any awards but it is a no frills, good value for your money experience.  I ordered a grilled cheese sandwich with Caesar salad and a can of pop.  The bill came out to less than $8 after tax.The grilled cheese was good, no surprises, but hey, for a $5.50 sandwich who cares?  Also, the couple who runs the place are really friendly.  I will be back for sure.
<review# 157,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2014,6/17/2014,45,205,2,3,2>I've visited Kit a handful of times. I can thank my boyfriend for introducing me to their store. Their price range is along the lines of Crate and Barrel/ Renovation Hardware, but the difference is they carry a wide range of more unique products, that are best described as simple and good quality. ( ex:  Herman Miller, Marimekko, String, Hay and Kartell ) the helpful staff ( minus or plus a couple of them) will help you out, letting you know about the origin of the product, if it comes in different sizes, colours, materials and so on. They also carry some art and miscellaneous items from locals, helping support the community.
<review# 158,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2014,6/16/2014,86,132,2,3,3>We recently (like yesterday) bought a boat so I thought buying my husband a wakeboard would be a great birthday present. I googled "where to buy wakeboards in Calgary" and Shuswap Ski & Board popped up. I wasn't sure what to expect but...you have to trust the Google, right? I'm glad I did! I arrived and was immediately greeted and asked if they could help. I said I was looking for a wakeboard for my husband. They guided me through the selection process by asking questions about his skill level, weight, shoe size, etc. I mentioned that I liked a certain brand (b/c I'd heard him mention it) so they showed me the best option in that line for his skill level....even though it wasn't the most expensive one. When I asked about that one, they said "Nope, this one is the one he needs!" I love it when the most expensive thing isn't the "right answer" because of the price!The store is quite small but there is a LOT of gear there including paddle boards, PFDs, skis and ropes. I am planning a trip back to talk about buying a paddle board!
<review# 159,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2014,6/15/2014,67,339,2,6,2>I'm slow. Slow in that it has taken me 8 years of living in Calgary and 8 months of living 2 blocks away to come here. Good things come to those who wait? I think so.I stopped in for a "to go" order mid afternoon on a Sunday after a driving adventure with my hounds. It was busy but there was a spot right in front, despite the teeny lot.So many burgers to choose from. I couldn't find a named one that matched what I wanted so I just asked for the combo of toppings. No problem! She quickly confirmed what would normally be on the burger most like what I picked - appreciated. I got fries with gravy as a side. Go big or go home, I say.I was getting it  to go so I found a little nook to stand in. There seemed to be a non stop stream of people coming and going but everything flowed well. Everyone seemed super friendly and there was a welcoming vibe to the place. Where else are their families with young kids, bikers, exchange students, punks, preps and hipsters happily intermingling? And everything in between?Food was fantastic. Good old greasy spoon delicious. Portions were large and price was decent. Everything was still warm when I got it home. Perfect. I'm glad I finally got around to coming here.
<review# 160,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2014,6/14/2014,5,69,2,3,2>Like Karly A, I also went to the Kensington location & again don't see it on the list here. And I am not sure how to add that location to Yelp.Bear in mind, this is only the 2nd time I've ever eaten Poutine in my life. And I have a few food sensitivities & also "try" to eat very healthy. So this wouldn't be my "go to" first choice for a place. But it was a rainy evening & my guest was treating me. Thought what the heck. Was approximately 9:30 pm on a Friday night. Only 2 other people there. Took both of us awhile to decide what to get. As we'd never been here before. The man behind the counter was very friendly & patient. I decided on the Cowtown & my guest for the Donair. Apologies in not filling in more detail on the exact ingredients. This was a few months ago & I'm on the website right now for the place which doesn't give the specific ingredients. I believe the Cowtown I had was beef with bbq sauce & it was delicious WOW!! I'm glad I opted for the smaller portion. As even that was extremely filling. My guest had the Donair but ordered the large. Although they normally are ok to digest bigger portions. About 3/4 in they commented about wishing to have purchased the small size. We wanted to try a variety of things, so also ordered the Corn Fritters. Now these were sooo unique. Be warned though, to let them cool off first. Both of us burnt our tongues on the first bite. They were teeny tiny versions. And filled with a sweet cream corn taste. I asked one of the fellas there about the recipe. I've literally been dreaming about them ever since!! They have a huge assortment of beverages too.The price was pretty good. Especially for really how filling even the small portion is. Service, I found, was top notch. Any questions we had were answered promptly. The guys that worked there/owned the place(I think) were curious as to how our first time was. I'd say the overall cleanliness of the place needed a bit of work though. And, to add something possibly important. You might want to completely avoid the washroom all together(I sure wish I had ICK!!).I've never had the pleasure yet of dining on genuine Poutine from Quebec. But this here chicky was quite impressed by the yummy one offered here.
<review# 161,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2014,6/13/2014,19,49,1,5,2>We went to Minhas with a coupon for a free pizza and a free growler (just the bottle). The atmosphere is surprisingly great. Located in a more industrial area near the airport, one doesn't expect a pub atmosphere with good food. The pizza was one of the best we've had at any price in Calgary. It was hot, fresh, thin crust with just the right amount of toppings.We ordered beer and wine and the prices were excellent. I had the Dutch inspired beer which was refreshing. It was so good that I had my new growler filled with  it for consumption at home.We'll be back with friends next time. Note that they do not accept cash here, only credit cards.
<review# 162,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2014,6/12/2014,9,28,,4,2>Much improved since opening day. For those customers who avoided this Sunterra due to the first couple years of disorderly rude employees and disorganized shelves with missing pricing, come back and you will find a new store. They hired a new grocery manager from Sobeys who reorganized, retrained and did an awesome job to transform Sunterra Keynote to its original vision. The Management change has seemed to positively influence all the other departments as well. The best quality about Sunterra is the availability of unique items and while pricey, they don't blatantly gouge you like they do at Sobeys or Community Natural Foods. While the Canadian grocers try desperately to match the American's in their quest to recreate Whole Foods and Trader Joes; after a couple years of fine tuning and new management, Sunterra has successfully done so with its Keynote location!
<review# 163,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2014,6/11/2014,0,9,3,4,3>I just started the 30 day challenge here and I have to say I'm pretty happy with it. But holy crap, this place can get busy! I'm not going to lie, hot yoga is already hot, but with so many people crammed into the room, it just gets nuts! So far, I have only gone to afternoon or evening classes, which I think are the busiest. Breathe is relaxing, and well kept. The change room is always nice and clean, as well as their showers. I wish they had more than one room, but for a smaller yoga studio, they're pretty great. My only issue is that I have heard a few things from friends about a couple instructors that have said some inappropriate things about skill level and such. Yoga is supposed to be non-judgmental thing and is something that takes practice. I'm definitely not brand new at it but I'm no pro either! I don't want to be judged!!
<review# 164,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2014,6/10/2014,32,203,,2,1>Oh Berwick, you are not what you seem! When we went here for the first time I was thinking... pub food, standard beer list, standard staff... but I was quite impressed that it was nothing like my expectations!I have now been about 3-4 times and after each visit I leave satisfied. The food is really good, they have a nice beer list to choose from and the service is great.A couple things we have tried here in the past were the wings, lemon blueberry chicken salad, veggie and chicken souvlaki wraps, pork tacos (3) and a burger with sweet potato and waffle fries. All these dishes were nicely crafted and delicious! This place may look from the outside and inside as just an average watering hole but don't be fooled, go and try it out - I don't think you'll be disappointed!
<review# 165,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2014,6/9/2014,34,29,2,3,2>I love this place. Always have, always will. Here's a list of reasons why this place is the best:1. Great service. Had a lovely chat with the man working (who's name escapes me) about all things coffee and why Starbucks coffee tastes weird. He gave me free samples for my Keruig of the new biodegradable pods that have less of a chance of giving you BPA related cancer. Win!2. The selection! So many different drinks of all the varieties (coffee, tea, hot, cold, cat poop coffee). 3. Almond Milk4. Well brewed strong coffee5. It's a local independent business that has survived the (IMO) poorly executed eau Claire mall concept. If you're in the market skip Good Earth and go to The Bean Stop. They might even have rainbow squares! (Those peanut butter and rainbow marshmallow things - I die)
<review# 166,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2014,6/8/2014,266,478,4,5,3>I'm never reading an urbanspoon review again. Let that start whatever it starts, we yelpers can take you urbanspoonites, but a 50% rating (or whatever rating system you have, it makes no sense to me), but Goro deserves a better rating not founded on your first world problems!The food arrived within record time. From what I would a lack of time means a lack of quality, our appetizers and ramen were warm and fresh. We started with the salmon tartare. It's lightly season with an addicting tangy I wanted more and more of. We had the eel appetizer which jogged our tastebuds accordingly.Alas, the ramen. The new TACO of Calgary. By that I mean the new street dish taken to culinary levels, meaning Chefs will be taking a stab at the Japanese common man food and fiddle with it which can be a good thing or a bad thing. It can taste amazing or be an disappointing flop amplified by a high price tag. That said, Goro PLUS Gun, your Spicy Lamb Ramen...is THE MOVES. The broth was balanced and I enjoyed the spice didn't kick down my throat that I ended up choking the noodles down. Nay, I choked those noodles down because they were firm and thin, a different contrast to the usual thicker varieties I've found in most of Calgary's restaurants.A pricey meal, but I think it's worth it. Good job Goro PLUS Gun, I was originally a skeptik at the noodlebar movement because I'm cursed with being a foodie and a hipster who's repeatedly seen THE MIND OF A CHEF, I welcome the ramen movement.
<review# 167,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2014,6/7/2014,18,77,,4,2>I was SO excited when this location opened up!  It was so worth the wait.  Many may not agree with the style of service but I think it's a great idea.  As you are seated, you review the menu and place your order at the order desk.  Your server then brings you your drinks and will continue to service you throughout your meal.  Their pizza is the traditional thin crust Neopolitan pizza.  Their menu has a great selection of starters, pizzas and desserts.  On our first visit we had Cavoletti - Oven-roasted Brussels sprouts, prosciutto crisps, gorgonzola cheese, dates, walnuts, drizzle of honey & the Funghi - Parmesan crema, fior-di-latte, roasted white mushrooms, oyster mushrooms, caramelized onions, white truffle oil, pecorino romano.  We also shared their Gorgonzola Walnut Salad - Romaine lettuce, gorgonzola cheese, walnuts, semi-dried cranberries, gorgonzola walnut vinaigrette. All items were AMAZING!  Sometimes with thin crust pizza's they come burnt in some places.  But everything was cooked well and tasted amazing.We ended our meal with their Nutella and Banana pizza ... OMG it was heaven on a plate!  So delicious and oozing of Nutella.  Upon our next visit we will definitely try their gelato.  We will definitely be back as it is in a convenient location for us and I love the fact they do take-out!Great job Famoso!
<review# 168,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2014,6/6/2014,199,84,4,7,5>OMG so many tea's ... so little time.The Tea Factory seems relatively new, just off 4th and 17th its very bright inside, and the food looks amazing!!! The guy running it knows his teas! He has helped me select delicious teas which can be made hot or cold. They are the venue building sponsor of the Pinata Project so I have been there a lot as of late, but its fantastic every time. The only reason for the loss of a star is I cannot smell all the teas on my own but have to ask at the counter. And really I just want to smell every one but not annoy the counter staff. who so far have been very patient and helpful and suggest other teas for me to smell as well!And do you know what goes well with tea!?!?!? MACARONS! They have those and macaron cakes to share too! And sandwiches from Sidewalk Citzen too! Support local and go try these teas!
<review# 169,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2014,6/5/2014,189,1517,2,6,2>"This place is going to make me fat"You too might be saying this after your first meal here. The food is delicious and you'll be wanting to eat here every day.Unlike their downtown location, this is the fast and friendly version of Cibo. They are serving up Italian street food at prices that won't leave a hole in your pocket. You order first, take a number on a stand, and then find a table.The "street food" description could be a little misleading. Don't think food truck style meals. Think street-side cafe. The portions are lunch-sized but so are the prices. You won't be getting a big, heavy Italian meal; just something the right size to fill you up.The fiancee and I came on opening night. When we were driving home from work we saw the "now open" signs going up so we ran our errands and circled back to have dinner. The place was busy, but not packed. Just as fast as people were walking in, tables were turning over to make room for more. When you walk in you place your order first. There's a nice large menu that could be easily read if there is a long line. Its broken down into a few main categories like salads, wraps, pasta, pizza, and sides. The prices for the mains come in around the $9-14 range.My lady and I got the Pasta Al Pesto, Picante Pizza, and Tuscan Fries to share so that we could try a few things. The pasta was cooked nicely and had a good flavour. One of the ingredients was sun dried tomatoes which usually means there might be a few flecks scattered throughout the dish. Not in this bowl. There were nice big chunks of them and more than enough to bring out the amazing flavour they always have.The pizza was good and hit the spot, though not the best you can get for this style of pizza. If you want something fast with great ingredients then this is a good choice. However, if you want a pizza in this style that's done really well then this isn't the place for you. The crust was really wet. Yes I know that this is supposed to be a wet pizza, but this was a little too much. Maybe it should have been left in the oven for a few seconds longer.The tuscan fries were excellent. The rosemary flavour really carried throughout. The fries were light and crispy and the sauce on the side added a tang to finish it off.The service was great. You could see that all of the staff were eager with many of them sporting big smiles. We maybe had to wait five minutes before our meals came out. Closer to the end of our dinner the manager came around to ask how things were and to see if the food was satisfactory.Overall it was an excellent experience. I'll be back many times in the future, though probably not so often that I actually will get fat from eating here.
<review# 170,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2014,6/4/2014,24,44,3,6,4>We originally headed to Bridgeland for sushi but saw that Black Pig Bistro was open for business and that there were some empty tables. We snagged a table and were surprised to find a friend of ours as one of the servers. The Bistro is at once very elegant and comfortable with soft lighting and large windows. We were seated right away and asked if we would like drinks right away...I ordered the Black Pig Spritz and Hubby ordered a Pinot Noir. They didn't have regular soda but my son was happy with the San Pellegrino as it is one of his favourites. The menu was small and focused so we had quite a large discussion about which starters to order and who was to eat what. Eventually I just told them to order what they all wanted and not to worry. We all ended up well fed and were able to share around the table anyway as the portions are quite large.I had the Salted Cod Tortellini and I thought it was pretty good. The pasta was cooked nicely and was of a good quality. I wasn't as happy with the filling as it was a bit runny. The purée tasted a lot like the vegetable spread you get on Italian sandwiches (probably because it was a pepper purée....and I really thought the crispy kale chips were a great touch. Everything was well balanced and seasoned.Hubby was really excited to find chicken liver parfait and had it all to himself (!). He could have maybe used a couple of more bread rounds to finish the whole jar off.The winning dish of our round of starters were definitely the pork hot dogs. Mmmm...cute little buns and house made pork sausages with garlic aioli and manchengo. I'm really glad he was in a sharing mood and that we were all allowed a bite.For our mains, Hubby and I both chose the Beef Cheek Risotto with saffron and tomato. The risotto was absolutely perfect. It was creamy with just the right amount of saffron. I loved the acidity from the tomatoes. Both hubby and I were a bit worried when the server set the plates down and we didn't see one bit of beef cheek as we expected it to be perched atop the golden risotto. We had definitely worried for nothing as there was more than enough beef cheek hidden underneath. Our son had the Pork and Beans. I was thinking of ordering it but thought it might be too heavy because I had a preconceived notion of what the dish was in my mind. It couldn't have been more opposite to what I had expected. What a fantastic dish! My son, who is 13, probably said about 3 or 4 times how delicious it was. He loved the simple flavours, the olive oil, and the roasted porchetta. His only complaint was there weren't enough of the broad beans. They are his favourite now. I can see that I'm going to have to have a go at this dish at home.My daughter has a lighter appetite so she decided to go with two items off the starter list. She had the same tortellini as I did as well as the Green Salad. She is also very picky and was not a big fan of the herbs. I think she enjoyed the rest of the salad, especially the avocado dressing and green grapes. I had a bit of the salad and I will confirm it is a stunner!We were very impressed with the service (it was first day after all!) and our food arrived in a timely manner.I do have to say the pricing may be a bit steep, however one must keep in mind that location, ambiance, and surroundings should be taken into account when dining out. We left the restaurant too full to try one of the amazing desserts on menu so I will testify that the portions are definitely more than adequate.I would visit again, maybe for lunch though it really is out of our way as we live in the deep south of the city. I have a feeling Black Pig Bistro is going to become a neighbourhood favourite.
<review# 171,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2013,6/3/2014,53,400,,5,1>I absolutely love Mrs Greens!  They have a great selection of products and wide aisles.  No more bumping into other customers every few feet a la Community Natural Foods!  I don't find their prices to be any higher than Community or Planet Organic.  Some items may be cheaper at Superstore or Safeway, but you can't really compare Big Box stores that buy in massive volumes to these smaller stores. I am really surprised by the negative reviews.  I have been several times since they opened, and the staff have always been friendly and courteous to me.  On one visit, I was looking for supplements, and the staff member helped me for some time, advising me on several different options.  I was looking for dairy-free supplements as well, and she spent quite a while looking at different options for me.  They did have some limited stock at the time due to a cooler malfunction, but they were very courteous about it.  I've always been asked if I need help, and have seen staff walking through the aisles greeting other customers as well.The only thing on my wishlist is that they would start a rewards program.  Their competitors such as Community don't offer these types of programs.  When you're spending a bit more money on organic products, it would be nice to build up points to be used towards future discounts.
<review# 172,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2014,6/2/2014,45,109,1,5,3>Burgers with quality ingredients and worth paying a premium for, but plan on ordering for take out.Everything in the burger is made fresh. Patties are ground up and prepped on site, buns are freshly baked, the choice of toppings are great, and the condiments are home made. I was most impressed with the bun, the bread is just really good. I tried the Cavallari, which had artichokes and melted blue cheese. Everything worked well together alongside the beef and arugula. It is not the cheapest burger, and it is a pretty small portion, but the quality and taste are top notch.The garlic fries were a bit disappointing. They were a little burnt, and the side of mayo (which is already put on your fries) was a little too much for me. Or maybe because I'm not the biggest fan of mayo.When you go, make sure you beat the rush, there are only two chairs inside. Or just order to go.
<review# 173,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2014,6/1/2014,1328,1117,4,10,8>So I went back to this place last night, and as always, their burgers are *awesome* and based on my experience yesterday, now the service is *awesome* as well!Now this place is my fave burger joint in the city hands down.Keep up the good work you guys!
<review# 174,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2014,5/31/2014,47,68,4,5,4>It was a late Friday night and we were cruising along Kensington Rd after a nice dinner at Korean BBQ House in China town. We had no plans but to enjoy the rest of what had already been a gorgeous day.With tired arms and nothing but relaxin' in our minds, we turned left on to Kensington Rd and there it was on the south side of the street (across from Osteria), a new shop that screamed "OMG!" after reading the name on the sign that shouted, "We serve fast Frozen Yogurt!" - It was all in the name my friends... FROGURT. And the search for the closest parking spot began!Ok, well I'm gonna make this shorter. I've got to finish cooking breakfast hahaFrogurt offers self-serve frozen yogurt. First, you grab their one-size fits all kinda cups and move along to the frozen yogurt dispensers a step away. They have like 8 different flavours; from classic chocolate, coconut, raspberry, red velvet, marshmellow and a couple more I couldn't remember... like oh yeah, vanilla!!! Then continue moving to your left for the huge spread of toppings! Captin Crunch is like the first thing I see, then gummy bears, sour candies, peanuts... I think there was probably 50 different toppings - more than any frozen yogurt shop I've seen in my life!Frogurt's concept is not new, but it definitely was delicious. However, their twist on the self-serve frozen yogurt and toppings is the experience. They have a wall you can write on - and I sure as heck did! They have a photo booth that you can stand in front of and it will take your photo then automatically post it on their facebook wall where you can grab and share later! and I did that too! no shame :) all fun.They've got lots of staff to help you make your own frozen yogurt creation? Well, luckily I had my wife with me and that's all the help I needed haha. But, just only been open for 3 weeks, I can understand their desire to make new customers feel welcomed and taken care of. I gotta tell you though, despite my jokes, Frogurt had their place filled with customers. Every 3 minutes a new group of people walked through those doors. Calgary, despite its long winters, surprisingly sells a lot of frozen treats very well. Heck, I'm a regular at all of them when its -10C out.It was very fun and delicious! great job Frogurt!
<review# 175,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2014,5/30/2014,4,30,,7,1>My second time here, almost time to become a regular the food is so good! First go around we stopped in for lunch. Great atmosphere, very modern yet comfortable. I had the short rib sandwich, delicious!  This time we happened to arrive before 1:30 so they were still serving brunch. Crab cake Benedict it is!  The most expensive Benny on the menu at $14, it was worth every penny. I would definitely recommend to check it out, seems every meal here is a great meal!
<review# 176,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2014,5/29/2014,429,445,11,10,9>Been meaning to visit this place for a while now, but when I head to the Farmers Market; I make a beeline for Big Catch and then Roast, before heading back home. I've been bantering with whomever is in charge of their Twitter account for a few months now, and the exchanges have always been pleasant and/or hilarious. THE MOROCCAN LENTIL SOUP. zOMG. Yelp, don't autocorrect my all-caps. The vegan, gluten-free Moroccan lentil soup is so homey and comforting that I almost ate the entire pot in one sitting (not their gigantic pots at their location; I can be ravenous, but I only have one tummy. One of their frozen, take-home containers!). I walked around uncomfortably full, with the soup sloshing in my belly for what seemed like hours, until I was rested enough to polish it off. Deliciousness that makes your MSD (Maximum Soup Density) feel like a personal challenge. I love that all the soups are clearly marked as to what is gluten-free (I believe they all are!), vegan, vegetarian, dairy-free, etc. I love even more that there are several vegan options at any given time. You can sit down and enjoy some of their soup right at the market, or do as I did and take home a couple of frozen soups. You get a deal if you buy more than one, and if you use your app to check in, you get a free coffee. Marg encourages you to do this every time you visit, and was lovely to talk to while my purchases were being rung up. I can't wait to visit them again.
<review# 177,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2014,5/28/2014,16,68,2,5,2>OMG! Best pedicure ever. I had the standard pedicure with a paraffin soak. The aesthetician took her time to tell me what she was doing but did not bother me with endless prattling. By the time my feet came out of the paraffin soak, I was ready to cry tears of bliss it felt so good. But no that was not all. She then proceeded to give me a heavenly foot massage. Plus due to an ongoing promo, I got to take the bottle of nail polish I used home with me.The name may be a little corny but this service is worth driving out of your way for.
<review# 178,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2014,5/27/2014,57,118,5,8,4>A couple of my gfs continuously recommended Hedkandi and I'm the one who ALWAYS holds off on booking haircuts and trims, it's just my bad habit.  I don't know...I find it a nuisance booking an appointment, sitting there, watching your lovely locks get chopped :(  I figured it was time as I was constantly picking at my dead ends and splitting my split ends, it came to the point where I was at work and my hair literally got in the way.I finally decided to go actually book an appointment and go.  I booked on a weekday at 6PM (they close at 9PM on weekdays) and drove straight from work.  I arrived early - parked underground at Hotel Arts for a fee ($7.50) otherwise, after 6PM street parking is free.  When I walked in, I was warmly welcomed at the front!  I told the receptionist when my appointment was and she showed me the coat room and handed me a wrap to put on, then she pointed to the seating area, offered me something to drink and I got comfy.   I looked around and notice how simple yet trendy the décor was as well as how spacious the salon is.  Bright white - so classy, not to mention the bowl of suckers and double bubble, um yes please.... you can help yourself!I was originally suppose to see a specific stylist but things got mixed up and Kurt came to greet me.  I was a little confused at first as my gfs recommended a girl but I went with the flow and realized that things get mix up sometimes.  Kurt was happy to take me and brought me over to his chair.  He played with my hair and asked what I wanted - we both said my hair was blahhh and it was definitely due for a cut.  We went over to get a wash and a lovely lovely head massage, sooo nice and relaxing.  He knew exactly what I wanted so I let him do his magic.  Cut cut here cut cut there....Kurt knew what he was doing for sure.  He even used some techniques I've never had done to my hair before.  I wanted layers and some shape and that's exactly what he did.  He dried and asked how I wanted my hair to be styled.  I wanted some loose curls and that's just what he did.  When he was done, I was smiling from ear to ear as my hair felt light, healthier and it was super cute!I would recommend Kurt at Hedkandi to anyone.  Another bonus with visiting Hedkandi, is that if you refer someone - they get $20 off their cut AND YOU get $20 off your next visit.  Make sure you take their name so they know who referred you etc..  Everybody wins!!!!  If you're sold from this review and decide to head over for a visit...let me know so I can refer you! :)  Need 'em all cut? Hedkandi is the place to visit! Oh, almost forgot to mention the bumble and bumble hair products they sell....bliiiiiiiissss!!
<review# 179,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2014,5/26/2014,93,149,2,5,3>I love you Ox and Angela. Usually when someone suggests tapas, I kind of get all huffy and think about having to spilt up the food, and how I will probably still be starving afterwards.But not here! The plates are delicious and make sense when dividing up servings. I am always impressed after a meal here.Today we ventured forth to try O & A's brunch offerings, which I had heard so much about. We were not disappointed!First off, thank you taking reservations, thank you, thank you, thank you!We couldn't decide what to drink with our meal, so we went for all the beverages, with the complimentary Q sparkling water, a large french press of caffe Rosso coffee and a pitcher of blood orange mimosas (though I think we actually got regular mimosas, but  they were still delicious).I think the best part of the brunch at O & A is the Brunch Table offering, for $21 per person, you get 6 plates. Perfect amount of food, unless you are a complete pig like we were and after we had polished off those plates ordered the Panguegas (olive oil pancakes) which I am so glad we did, cause they were fantastic.Our server was great, props to Cody.I wish we could do brunch here every weekend, but then I don't think we will be able to afford our wedding. Such a treat!
<review# 180,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2014,5/25/2014,49,101,4,4,3>Ugh, Beef Satay to make you scream "Hey Hey HEYYY"So freaking delicious, and such amazingly huge portion sizes!  If you're a lover of PHO, come to BASIL in the NE, you won't regret it.  The service was fast, the restaurant is nice, clean, and the beef in the soup is perfection.  No gristle, my nizzle.  That's what Snoop Dogg would say.  Wait, isn't he SNOOP LION now?  But I digress.  I can't WAIT to get my arse back to BASIL.  I actually saved my leftovers last time and brought them home for next day lunch.  Weee
<review# 181,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2014,5/24/2014,9,68,2,4,3>For all you transit users: Its right off the Marlborough Ctrain line - literally part of the parking lot. Just walk into Eastside Dodge - take a right towards service and there it is - Jim Hortons is the best.Its loctated inside of Eastside Dodge, in the service department. But is open to the public.Theres wifi and the food is super reasonably priced - he (owner: Tony) really tries to focus on serving up healthy food. Everyday he has a different soup deal and most his meals are served with a mixed green salad with your choice of dressingAlso, for all you eastcoasters - Tony serves an actual Donair! Not these alberta shawarmas, a real donair! So good! Tip: Serves breakfast until 11AM !--- recommend to park at the Marlborough Ctrain station and walk up across the station as the dealership lot is normally super full
<review# 182,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/12/2014,5/23/2014,95,304,,3,2>We tried this place because it was on Air Canada's top ten new restaurants (across Canada). They take reservations, which is awesome. There isn't a lot of seating here, but the seats that are there give you enough space to work with. It's nicely decorated and the servers and staff were very nice. They had some pretty cool wine decanters and a reasonable selection of wine.We ordered off of the special set menu. The portion sizes were perfect, served beautifully, and in a timely manner. I wasn't very impressed with the Wagyu or Kobe beef which were part of our set menu. They were both not very tender and I'm not sure that I've ever noticed beef to taste fresh or not (usually I can notice with chicken) but it just didn't taste very... new. I'm not sure how to word it. I was a little disappointed as well with one of the courses which was basically just steamed rice.I'd like to try it for brunch based on other reviews, and maybe some of the more creative dishes, like Ange's octopus ragu. Overall I really liked the setup, the details, but I will have to go back to experiment with more of the food.
<review# 183,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2014,5/22/2014,67,33,4,8,7>I've been going to Gravity ever since they opened... it's been a great journey and they continue to improve the experience on a regular basis.A true test of a brand is its consistency in delivery and that's exactly what you will get there... consistency in product, taste, service and culture.Gravity is always looking to improve and make great tasting food and coffee... mint tea will always be mint tea, you can't improve perfection.They offer free WiFi - and for the most part, other than me, I don't see anyone abuse the privilege... in other words, that person who buys a single coffee, then stays all day to do their work... I don't see them, except for me - I've been that guy... and I make sure I bloody well buy my lunch from Gravity - not jip out and secretly eat my own protein bar when no one is looking (seen it happen at a few places). Gravity is my home away from home... Expensive? Compared to what... please don't say Tim Hortons, Second Cup or Starbucks because it just isn't true. The "experience" at Gravity is 10x that of those places. In other words, you get what you pay for.Staff... second to none... because Andy (the owner) hires people who give a shit. That's why. Sure, sometimes they're shy, but they smile and they do their very best! Period.Customers... driven, enthusiastic, artsy, sporty, entrepreneurial, humans... all great people. Some of the best conversations that I've had at Gravity have been with people I had never met before.I could go to any coffee shop in Calgary... but I don't. I drive 26k one way (form home to Gravity) just to do my work, meet a client and just have a coffee and celebrate a challenging week... (FYI - there is a Starbucks, Second Cup and Tims all within 3k of my home - but I CHOOSE Gravity)Gravity is a fantastic place because it was designed and built with a  purpose ... to SERVE a community of people who believe in serving others.VincePS: I don't charge extra for spelling mistakes, they're just my gift to you ;-)
<review# 184,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2014,5/21/2014,8,14,2,4,3>I could not be happier with my hand-made, organic mattress - not to mention the experience of meeting Christian and custom designing our new bed. A year later and we are still in love with our mattress and sleeping sounder than ever. I also really enjoy seeing the fellow who made our mattress around the neighbourhood. In fact, I never regret supporting local businesses. If you happen to be in need of a mattress, consider avoiding all the harsh flame retardants and other toxic chemicals that 'conventional' mattresses are soaked in. The folks at Riva's Eco store were an extremely valuable source of information on the mattress industry and what to look for in a natural bed.
<review# 185,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2014,5/20/2014,33,81,2,4,3>I've popped into all of the scuba dive shops in Calgary, and by far the one that I felt provided me with the most trustworthy one-on-one service was Caribbean Dreams. That's not to say that I found any of the other shops not trustworthy, just that talking to Shirley and Jon at Caribbean Dreams was like talking to old friends. Their knowledge and attention to detail was excellent, and it is always entertaining and educational to pop in and talk shop with them. Now that my children are starting to show interest in the sport, I love that they have classes specifically for children. Another added bonus is their recent decision to start carrying stand-up paddle boards. I can see this as a big thing to hit the Calgary water sport scene and yet another reason for me to visit. Rather than going on the review of someone who deems them untrustworthy because they don't like the name of their shop, pop in and talk to the people at Caribbean Dreams. I'd be shocked if they can't answer any question you may have.
<review# 186,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2014,5/19/2014,2,18,2,4,3>We went here for the first time. Four of us started with the mussels in a tomato sauce. Very nice. Good sauce. It seemed homemade. And then ordered an antipasto platter. It was a little bit small for four. Then I followed with a main of veal with mushrooms and cognac sauce, served with penne and tomato sauce. The veal was wonderful and tender. It's no wonder, I took some home and after it cooled, I saw exactly how much fat was in there! Still delicious. I'm a salt maniac and felt no need to add any salt to the dishes. If you are sensitive to salt maybe the tomato sauces aren't for you.The service was attentive and playful. I was a little unsure when our server gal told us "you have to decide, if you haven't by now, you never will". I thought that was an odd joke? but seeing as I was buying two $75 bottles of wine, I didn't know what the hurray was. It was already after 8pm. We didn't rush either way.The location is odd and parking was very limited but I think I'll be back again to try the pizza next.
<review# 187,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2014,5/18/2014,138,614,2,8,4>Again, a wonderful meal! Thanks Sam, for being the most gracious host!We had not been here since the flood, glad to see they are up and running and doing well.A few updates:10% off if you are a Yelper if you mention it. This is a way to make up for the free parking that they had at one time and had to stop. People were running in to get the free parking validation to leave on their dash, and were getting a ticket within that 2 minute time frame! So, understandably they had to quit offering that as it kind of wrecks a meal when you get a parking ticket before you even eat n'est pas?They will now deliver all over the city - was limited before.They have closed down their 17 Ave location.Open for lunch but try and get in before it is a packed house, before 1145am I was told on weekdays.The food is just as yummy, I recommend the Shrimp Pad Thai, Panang Curry and the Green Curry with Chicken.Prices are lower than average in my opinion for downtown Thai food.I have a sensitive tummy so I always know I have had a good meal here as I feel like a million bucks after eating!
<review# 188,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2014,5/17/2014,67,205,2,4,3>My family and I stopped in for Saturday dinner. Started out with saffron cream mussels--best I've had to date, they practically melted in the mouth. As if that wasn't enough, I tried the seafood bouillabaisse, and it was an utter delight. Finished off with foie gras and sea salt caramel banana split, just right for two people to share. Mmm. The restaurant exterior may not look like much, but oh, what a pleasant surprise the food was!
<review# 189,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2014,5/16/2014,157,283,3,6,6>They say Odysseo Cavalia is a celebration of the beauty and harmony of the meeting of two worlds: those of horse and human. This show captures all that and more. It heightens the senses and captivates your soul. From amazing images, live music (we kept watching the violinist on one side and the songstress on the other), musicians, acrobats, dancers to thehorses themselves, you are taken on a mystical journey into another world.We were fortunate to be in the VIP Rendezvous Tent and from the moment we walked in, we were in awe. We found our group seats/section and were treated to a gorgeous buffet of flavourful bites, and an open bar featuring Kim Crawford Wine and Big Rock Brews. Plus more. On one side of the tent was popcorn and a pasta bar, on another a small gift shop. When it was show time we were escorted out through a private entrance and shown the way to our seats. Our section, Rows 2/3/4 were seriously some of the best seats in the house.During intermission we came back to the VIP tent to find a tantalizing buffet of desserts, chocolate and cheese. Where the pasta bar had been, there was now a chocolate fondue. With this you could have coffee or return to the open bar.Back to our seats for an incredible ending to an already magnificent show. I loved the water scene at the end. Afterwards, the group was allowed to partake in a stable tour. Since we had a babysitter to get home, we had to decline this tour but enjoyed chatting with our YELP friends for a few additional minutes, and picking something out in the gift shop for the kids, before it was time to go.Dale definitely set the bar very high with this incredible event. Such a great group of Yelpers were on hand and it was so much fun visiting and chatting with everyone. Congrats on an incredible event Dale, well done!
<review# 190,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/20/2013,5/15/2014,137,253,,6,4>Let me be straight. First and foremost, I really like Fresh Kitchen. The foods are well prepared, delicious and full of flavour. I'm an especial fan of their Mac N' Cheese and some of their sandwiches. The place is well organized, filled with some great gourmet foods and drinks, and is simply a foodie delight.It's in a bit of a weird spot not too far from Garrison Green and Marda Loop, next to My Favorite Ice Cream parlour. Parking isn't too bad, especially in the day. Now comes the other shoe. It's not a place for the timid. If you're there for an inexpensive meal, forget it. It's pricey. It's definately not for anyone on a fixed budget. But, if you're looking for something tasty, quick to pick up, and of great quality, this is a place to go if you're looking for the high end of ingredients (not fruits and veggies). There's a good selection of stuff, but keep in mind that if you're looking for special spices and the like, I'd go to Spice Road in Inglewood instead. Still, as a more or less one stop gourmet food shop, definately worth a look.
<review# 191,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2014,5/13/2014,36,37,2,4,4>Bumpy's is the first place in Calgary where I've been able to find Vancouver's JJ Bean coffee. And hoo-boy it was a potent cup of joe.There's a wonderfully peppy, high energy gal who works there. In the mornings when I'm still half asleep, it's almost too much to handle but I appreciate her efforts to make the morning a little less groggy.
<review# 192,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2013,5/12/2014,33,247,2,6,5>Pop's is a great pub to grab dinner and drinks.I have visited Pop's a few times now and have always been impressed by the food. I enjoy their steaks as they are always good cuts that are cooked properly for a fair price. Their drinks are also quite fairly priced with a decent selection. If there's a Flames game on, the pub always fills right up and it's hard to find a place to sit. They also have a pool table inside that you can play when there's room. The specials they offer are even more attractive:Saturday - $3.50 shooters & $2 hotdogs (after 2:00PM)Friday - 1/2 price bottles of wine & $8 pastaThursday - 25cent perogies (after 2:00PM) & $6.85 Molson schoonersWednesday - 25cent wings (after 2:00PM) & $4.05 pints of Original 16Tuesday - $3.85 highballs & 50cent tacos (after 2:00PM)Monday - $7 Cheeseburger & fries & $11.75 60oz jugs of MolsonSunday - special pricing all day long & $9.00 2 topping pizzas (dine in only)A great local pub to catch the game or for food and drinks if you find yourself in the area.
<review# 193,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2014,5/11/2014,52,73,3,10,5>It was mid-afternoon and I NEEDED a double espresso immediately. (My caffeine addiction is my only real vice, and I bow to it always...) Imagine my delight when I spotted the Velvet Cafe as I was driving down 4th Street N.W.! A new coffee place to try! I was immediately greeted by one of the owners upon entering this delightful cafe and lunch spot. The owner  'took me on a tour' pointing out the baked goods, food items, the loose leaf teas and advising me that he used Salt Spring Island coffee (which I had not tried before). He also gave me a sample of a great chocolate chip cookie since it was near the end of the day. He said they bake all of their baking fresh each day.I ordered a double espresso and was pleased with the smooth strong taste. I would definitely drink Salt Spring island espresso on a daily basis.My friend ordered a hot chocolate. Get this, the owners make their own ganache (a thick chocolate mixture, like 2 parts chocolate, 1 part cream) instead of a powdered hot chocolate mix or syrup. The hot chocolate was likely the one of the best hot chocolates I've ever tried! (I stole a sip from my friend and then begged for more!)(FYI: Another place I love for hot chocolate is Cafe Angeline in Paris, France)
<review# 194,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2014,5/10/2014,8,7,2,4,4>Don't let my tanned skin fool you, I am as Russian as they come. I have been eating authentic Russian cuisine for 29 years so I can speak with great confidence when I say that Yummy Russia will not disappoint. Yes the prices are a bit high, but in my opinion, how can one put a price on such a great taste of the mighty Russian Federation? One can not. So, that being said, I highly recommend this place to all, Russians and not. I personally really enjoyed the beef and pork meat perogies (or as we say Pelmeni), as well as the Olivie salad (which i could live off), the herring salad (aka Shuba), the red caviar, and their Napoleon cake was truly phenomenal. Some may say I am biased, but they don't know how picky I am with food, especially Russian food!
<review# 195,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2014,5/9/2014,10,17,1,5,4>I came upon Paros Souvla while driving around the still developing shopping/eating area near the Royal Oak neighbourhood. The restaurant is small, with maybe 15 tables. You order at the counter for either eat-in or take out. As the food takes longer to prepare than standard fast-food greek, the staff brought the food to our table after waiting a few minutes.The menu has (or at least seems to have) a fairly authentic greek offering, with more than the standard "greek" salad. For $12, I ordered one the the "plates" which comes with choice of meat, choice of side, grilled veggies, pita and tzatziki. I tried the chicken souvla and the pilos salad. The chicken was juicy and flavourful. The salad was a chopped salad of sorts with a very fresh dressing. I especially enjoyed the thick pita and dip. The portions were generous and I left full.I will definitely visit this business again. as multiple visits are required to try all the meat and side options that the restaurant prepares.
<review# 196,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2014,5/8/2014,128,46,6,11,4>I came here on a coupon deal for my windshield a few months ago and they sure kept my business. The service was efficient, polite, friendly, and affordable. Now I'm back to get chip repairs (yay, Deerfoot in Spring), and I've had the same experience. They understand customer service and they won't charge you for extras. The glass tech confirmed how many chips they were going to fix and which one was already repaired. Plus, their waiting room has a comfy couch! I'll be taking my vehicles here every time. There's a reason these guys won awards.
<review# 197,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2014,5/7/2014,22,62,3,7,4>One of the best bike shops in Calgary. Came by this weekend for the annual blue light sale madness. Be prepared to line up and fight for those crazy deals.Need anything for your human powered two wheeler? This is the place. As a longtime rider, this has been the spot in Calgary for your big bike shop experience. The sky is the limit for bikes here.Tons of staff to help out and super friendly service.
<review# 198,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2014,5/6/2014,8,16,3,5,4>The food here for the most part is very delicious. They have daily specials that are all well priced. The staff are all very friendly. The pizza is good with generous toppings. My favourite dish of all time is their village Greek salad. Though the actual restaurant is a little dated it has the charm of a family run business. A great place to grab a meal during the week.
<review# 199,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2014,5/5/2014,1,8,1,6,4>I had a wash of memories wash over me when i walked in, thinking about when this space was "The Banke" night club MANY moons ago. It is such a beautiful space, and they have tried to keep some of the nostalgia alive. I went with a girlfriend after work for drinks and a bite to eat. I had a really fabulous Caesar, and my friend had a glass of the House Red, even after the very vague description from the waitress. I had the Kobe beef burger for dinner. It was really good. It was good enough meat that the bacon on it really didn't do it any justice, and I ended up picking most of it off. I had the beet salad on the side, which was a nice lighter option, since the burger itself was pretty heavy. They have lots of interesting sides, (roasted brussel sprouts, etc) a nice change from the usual fries or coleslaw.My friend went with the Bison sliders, which she said tasted great. Other reviewers have complained about waiting forever for our food, but we found the wait times average. We were there around 5:30.Overall, I think it's a great after work meeting place to unwind, and grab a bite!
<review# 200,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2014,5/4/2014,278,165,2,5,4>Spring Break is here, but it's still -10 outside and snowy in Calgary. The kids are antsy to get out of the house so off to Color Me Mine we go for an afternoon of pottery painting fun!I've painted at other pottery places before, but this is my first time at Color Me Mine. I was impressed by the great selection of pottery pieces available and there was so much to choose from that the kids were picking a piece, changing their mind, and then changing it again! They even had licensed character pottery pieces like Snoopy, Peanuts, Hello Kitty, and Monsters Inc! We finally settled on a fairy riding a unicorn piece (Can it get any more girly than that?) and my daughter had so much fun picking out paint colours.The staff working at the Color Me Mine Kensington location was a huge help explaining how to get the most vibrant colour from the paint, how long the whole process takes, and she was came around to change the water frequently. She even showed my daughter the kiln and explained how the whole process worked to fire the pottery.We had a great afternoon and I can't wait to see the finished result!
<review# 201,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2014,5/3/2014,141,125,,4,2>Chewy goodness !Wood fired bagels.The owner use to live in Montreal.It's a small place in a strip mall just off Elbow & Heritage. He sell's mainly bagels, but he also bags of chips and a few different flavors of cream cheese.I love the flavor of these bagels. If I recall, he told me he boils the dough first in sugar and ? Then wood fires them in the back. Once you have one of his bagels, it's hard to eat grocery store bought ones.
<review# 202,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2013,5/2/2014,8,37,,5,3>In brief- top breakfast choice in Calgary!Currently the newest and best spot for breakfast/brunch in Inglewood/Ramsey.  This is Reds second location in YYC.  I noticed the Portlandia-worthy line-ups outside since it opened a few weeks ago and decided to check it out today.  The building is unrecognizable from the old pizza place that used to be here. It's now a beautiful space, welcoming and bright.  It was all hustle-bustle on this Saturday morning, but we were in in no time.  We sat at the bar and watched the kitchen churn out a variety of dishes from French toast to Hash to Eggs Benny to lunch fare like burgers (tip- feta and caramel used onion burger was fantastic!).  We left satisfied and happy and plan in returning soon.  Another great addition to the neighbourhood.
<review# 203,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2014,5/1/2014,22,41,2,5,3>Chocolate, Chocolate, oh Choklat, your truffles definitely could carry another name as "Death by Truffles Chocolate". When I walk into the shop, I smell the cocoa all over the shop; bright blue colour simple open kitchen design. Most importantly hand made fresh Milk Chocolate or Dark Chocolate truffles over 1000 mix flavor varieties. The staff was friendly and helpful; she provide a lots of recommendation about truffles variety mixes. They also have mini chocolate fondue machine for sale and rare chocolate cocoa bean fresh process chocolate bars. It feels like I'm Charlie character who into Willy Wonka's chocolate factory. Overall it's a hidden gems of chocolate shop, I will return and kill by your chocolate truffles again.
<review# 204,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2014,4/29/2014,75,130,3,5,4>#118 It is really hard to expound on what has already been said but my almost weekly trips to Higher Ground have been going on for over two years. That, in itself, must say something more? I cannot find any negatives but maybe one complaint which I will touch upon later, except that I have to share with others (I was never good at sharing). Did I mention this was my first coffee shop in Calgary for me when I moved here? Maybe, it's the sentimental side of me but after trying the hot chocolate which I love having while sitting by the fireplace, it was like being at Grandma's for a holiday gathering (no matter how many friends are with you, everyone is still a stranger). However, I did stray as I later fall in love with the Great Divide under Specialty Coffee (Raspberry, Hot Chocolate, Espresso, and something else) though lately, it's been the Hot Chocolate solo.There are couches and tables with chairs. It's a great place to study, read a book, cruise the information superhighway on the free wifi, and catch up with old friends.It is open until 11pm or later everyday though if I am being honest, love to see it open until after the neighbourhood pubs (Kensington Pub, The Yardhouse Restaurant) close. Always nice to close out a night of drinking with a nice mocha, hot chocolate, and a snack. Now, about the snacks, yummy goodness for a limited time (they almost always sell out).Which leads me to my only complaint which others have already touched upon, it is busy most of the time so if there is two or more of you and yours, you may have to sit outside slightly west of the front door (weather permitting of course). Always busy full of hipsters, hipster wannabes, students, student wannabes and the like, but you can almost always meet someone whom has an open chair to share. This, in itself, makes up for the crowdiness (and let's be honest, would I go if it was not busy? No, hard to people watch with no people).You could say it is the Analog Coffee 17th Ave of Kensington (except that 17th Ave never goes through Kensington) or you could say the Higher Ground is the Analog Coffee 17th Ave of the 17th Avenue area (The Red Mile, Uptown at 17th, just pick one.. *giggle*) but alas there is no Kensington there.I could say more but apparently, you are not supposed to review and drive on the way to a Higher Ground experience.
<review# 205,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2014,4/28/2014,40,81,7,7,6>I've been to Divino a few times before (always on someone's expense account) and it's always been decent but never something amazing.  A date took me here last week after we couldn't get in at Murrietta's at 7pm on a Wednesday.  Apparently hump day is a real thing as everywhere was busy and couples seemed to be staying warm by drinking lots of booze and cuddling up.Anyways, we wandered in, were seated right away, and were soon greeted by the real star of the date - our server Phil.  Seriously, I don't think I brought my "A" game of dating that night, but Phil brought his "A" game of serving.  If there was an Olympics of serving, Phil would sweep the podium.  What makes him so good you ask?  He was awesome about reading the table, could tell that we didn't look at the menu for a while, was happy to answer questions, and provided recommendations on wine and food.  Oh, and we found out later, he was at the tail end of working a double - that's right, Phil was this awesome at the end of his workday.  I know what you're thinking..."Yeah, clearly you have a mini crush on Phil, but how was the food?"  Well, I went with Phil's reco and tried the lamb with parsnip puree, brussel sprouts, and potatoes.  I definitely didn't need to eat the whole plate but it was just so damn tasty and I didn't want to disappoint Phil. My date had the salmon and he seemed pretty happy with it, but it was no lamb.  I asked Phil to recommend some wine and he brought me a couple of options to sample so that I could pick the one I liked best.  My date actually really liked one of the options so he ordered that as well.Bottom line -  It was one of the best meals I've had in a long time - the food and service were exceptional, and the company was pretty great too. I got a kiss at the end of the night but I was thinking about Phil the whole time....hehe :)
<review# 206,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2013,4/27/2014,14,54,1,10,7>Wow!Very impressive new pub with a great beer selection, excellent food, a very nice (upscale) ambience, and incredible service from  a bevy of attractive and attentive servers. Think Earl's. I had the pizza and it was just excellent, a small pizza was too much for me, I took half of it home. They have some upscale beers that include free glasses to take home, wing nights (no take out), nice booths and lots of TV's. Pour has raised the bar for eateries and drinking establishments in Airdrie.
<review# 207,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2013,4/25/2014,14,128,2,6,4>Oh my Dog BBQ is spectacular. My husband and I were completely surprised by the little midnapore find. It's unusual to find anything that's not a franchise in the deep SE. Honestly, suburbia has a strong bias towards chains and franchised business. But Oh My Dog is a surprise!The food is awesome. I'm a vegetarian, and let me tell you, their veggie dog is incredibly good. It's not too salty, and doesn't leave a chalky aftertaste in one's mouth. Also, while it's not advertised, any hot dog on the menu (the gourmet dogs, that is) can be made veggie if you ask. And it's well worth it. Gourmet pizza dogs reign supreme.My partner always opts for one of the Kielbasa sausages and raves about them every time.Beyond that, the french fries are very good. I don't know how they do them, but they are crispy and just salty enough without crossing over into the 'too salty' variety that many do.Take a break and check it out! You won't regret it!
<review# 208,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2014,4/24/2014,165,224,5,8,7>Well thank the Lord someone decided to open up La Boulangerie in this French-deprived otherwise fair city of Calgary.You see, I lived in Montreal for 5 years. I was a bit spoilt for choice when it came to crepes, croissants, any French baked good really. So yes, I know what a good dessert shop/bakery is supposed to be like (don't argue with me), and La Boulangerie is as good as it gets in this city.One morning when I woke up and realized it was my birthday weekend (read: I could do what I wanted), I decided I wanted crepes. To that, my husband brought up a very good point: we now lived in Calgary and were pretty much devoid of any such indulgences. I kicked and whined and headed to Google, Yelp, Urbanspoon and every other search engine imaginable to find a place in Calgary that sold crepes. La Boulangerie popped up after a few miserable attempts, and off we went, morning breath and all. I barged in through the doors of this adorable little Parisian bakery in Mission and there it was in front of me, a a delightful little CREPE MENU. After my squeals of joy had subsided, I ordered a delightful coconut crepe, and my husband went with a delightful chocolate crepe. They were both delicious, as was the almond croissant we shared. Everything in there looked positively mouthwatering. Cases upon cases full of pastries, tarts, croissants, baguette sandwiches, CREPES! So delightful. I pretended to be in France/Montreal for a little bit longer and indulged in a little espresso and people-watching. That was before I started spilling milk all over the milk and sugar kiosk and realized I was done being sophisticated for the day. La Boulangerie, thank you for filling a niche in this city! You've got yourself a regular!
<review# 209,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2014,4/23/2014,30,49,3,6,4>I've been to this location a couple of times and I've never been disappointed by the service or the food. Personally, I love the fact that they serve cretons and buckwheat crepes, plus other not so easy to find delights. Plus, their kid's menu has great value and selection. My little one loves the banana chocolate crepe as a special breakfast treat.For a busy place that is usually wall-to-wall on Sundays, I have to say that they have certainly trained their staff right! They are aware and listening to their patrons, making sure that every little detail is right, even at a table of nine where there are five children!Keep up the good work!
<review# 210,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2014,4/22/2014,29,29,3,6,5>How do I start to describe one of the most understated venues in Calgary?Lunchbox theatre is simply an amazing way to spend your lunch hour! The set up is simple, the price is fair, and the opportunity to watch emerging artists instead if sitting in one of the +15s with thousands of stressed out Calgarians is priceless!This theatre is celebrating 40 years in 2015, and that is no easy task! Think of what Calgary looked like in 1975 and try to imagine how a boutique theatre can still be around through multiple recessions.I highly recommend that you take one lunch out of your busy schedule and give this theatre a shot!  Pack your own lunch and enjoy the entertainment!  Quick Review on current show:  Camp Victoria is a story of 3 women in Northern Canada in the late 1800's during the gold rush.  They end up lost with an injured soldier and the adventures they go through in the woods.  It's a very entertaining story watching these ladies justifying their use of 'medicinal' whiskey to fend off wolves and other sounds in the night.Try to get to the theatre while this show is still on, it's worth it!
<review# 211,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/27/2014,4/21/2014,13,68,1,4,3>I had a chuckle as I walked to the front door. The restaurant took over Pizza Hut. It's funny because Pizza Hut moved next door to a smaller space. While, this sushi restaurant is housed under the symbolic Pizza Hut roof.The service is good. The place was packed when I went on a Saturday night. Their specialty rolls were average. I prefer this joint over Kinjo, if I was hung up on staying up in the NW area. Otherwise, downtown and Kensington offer better quality sushi.
<review# 212,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/1/2013,4/20/2014,16,76,3,6,4>Finally, an innovative sushi place in the downtown core! I went here on Friday at around 11:30 and got a table for four. It filled up completely almost immediately after that. My menu selections were focused on the special rolls. Unfortunately, I didn't sample any sashimi and I do find tune sashimi to offer a good benchmark of freshness.. That said, I had the salmon tune age roll, salmon tataki, yam roll, and the "hell roll". I highly recommend the hell roll for the novelty as well as ingenuity. Ichi Rock does some things differently; the tataki came on a cabbage salad with cold fried onions and dressing, the yam rolls had avocado in them and a wasabi mayo sauce, and the hell roll has fresh crab in the sauce. Very nice.If you're working in the core and need sushi for lunch, this is the place.
<review# 213,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2014,4/19/2014,25,81,3,5,4>Okay, for real. The clothing in here is gorgeous! The staff is friendly and helpful. I came in looking for a hoodie I saw online. I wanted to try it on since the store isn't that far from home but parking on 17th is like winning the lottery. I decided to pop in during the long weekend. I saw a few dresses as I was looking for my hoodie which was upstairs the whole time. I found one in the size I wanted tried it on and was going to just leave but I decided to try on some dresses. I came home with the hoodie and a new dress! The shoes are also on sale but I parked super far and I didn't want to walk with a bunch of bags down 17th. On a warm sunny day absolutely.I love that this store has a variety of items, from great wardrobe pieces, to fun and random house hold things. Will be back I already saw another dress I wanted to buy online. Pricing is also fair. I went online to the direct store my dress came from in LA and with shipping it would have ended up being more expensive if I bought from them rather than Blame Betty.
<review# 214,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2014,4/18/2014,92,68,6,8,8>We(I 'dragged' hubby along) had so much fun!!  I am so glad I went to this!  It was a blast and I got to meet a bunch of new yelpers and hang with ones I already knew!  We got to paint, to eat, to drink and socialize.  I loved loved loved the Pop Art theme.  Warhol is one of my absolute fave artists and this tribute to his style was right up my alley.  I was thrilled that we had two pop art painted models for the photo booth(sort of).  One was done like a Lichtenstein and the other a Warhol.  They were cute fun and great photo booth props!  The food was really yummy!  We had Butter Chicken flat bread, Tiger prawns with berry compote and mango salsa, Mushroom Bruschetta and Bison wrapped in phyllo pastry.  The Bison was my favourite and I may have snuck back for seconds and thirds.  ;o)Drink options were a very delightful tasting pinot grigio, a shiraz and bottles of beer from Villiage Brewery.  I tried the Blonde Ale(so good!) and the Monk which at first taste I did not love, but by the end I was craving more.  I'm not a beer fan, but this is one beer I'd go out to buy for a nice weekend evening sitting in our back yard.  Well, either of the beers I tried I'd enjoy doing that with.  Our CM Dale did awesome with this event and I look so forward to many more this year!  The staff of Canvas Coffee & Wine were fabulous.  The space was beautiful.  I enjoyed walking around and checking out all the great pieces of art on display.  It was nice to meet Alex, the CM from Sacramento!  I think we've talked him into coming back for Stampede.  There was painting, face painting and paint fights! It was an all around great time!  Hubby and I plan to have a nice little date night upstairs on the patio this summer and check out all that is Canvas Coffee & Wine.
<review# 215,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2014,4/17/2014,14,30,1,4,3>Vine Arts is a neat little liquor store on 1st St SW. I went to a sampling event there and was pleasantly surprised by the spot. They have a fantastic selection. It may not be the sprawling spread of liquors and wine that you would find at a Co-op or Costco, however you can tell that they are selective of what they stock.They have a nice wine selection on one side of the store and a good selection of hard liquor on the other half. I was really impressed with the scotch selection. Again, it wasn't huge, but all the important stuff was there!If you are in the area looking for a bottle of wine or a good bottle of scotch, pop in here! The staff take pride in what they do, and really know their stuff.They also have a deal with New Deal Distillery, the maker of 'Hot Monkey Vodka' which is definitely worth trying! The same company makes (and Vine Arts stocks) a Ginger liqueur which is also worthwhile!
<review# 216,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/30/2013,4/16/2014,11,36,4,6,5>You should definitely think about heading there super early or taking the shuttle bus from the train station, or else you will be stuck in the long line of traffic trying to get into park.Remember folk it is a cash only to get in so make sure you bring lots of cash in your wallet!It was a beautiful day to stroll around in and out of the tents and buildings taking in all the sights and sounds of the hustle and bustle. The typical Epicure, scentsy, tupperware ladies where there. And then there was so many booths with all sort of jams, honeys, breads, tea fudge, cookies. OMG it was pretty decent. There was also some crafty people there selling knitted sweaters, decorated wine glass and all sorts of things. It was super busy but a great afternoon out about. And as a tip pets are not allowed please don't bring your dog and tie him up outside the gate while you go and shop your little heart out.The light are also amazing! make sure you check it out next year!
<review# 217,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/17/2014,4/15/2014,103,315,3,7,6>The Barley Mill has always been good, but has never been able to reach great.In the summer, it is an absolute buzz of a patio place. In the winter, it has a legitimate cozy pub feel with numerous fire places and intimate corners to catch up with your best buds. Ample taps mean you can dance across the country (or globe) depending on what strikes you at the moment. And the food has been kicked up a notch in my estimation; the steak and Guiness pie with side salad is especially good (well above average for a pub).But why, oh why, do you have to wait to be seated? Why are there reserved tables on a Friday night that are empty for hours, while people pile in on their way home from work for a quick pint or two? Why are most of the floor staff either clueless about what they serve or pushy about groups spilling beyond a simple table setting of four? Are you a pub or a restaurant?On the days that my favourite bartender is giving me great advice on life and beer, and their food is firing on all cylinders, this place is a solid 4. On days where I'm so exasperated by the set-up and floor staff that I'd rather go to some fake Irish bar down the street, this hovers at a 2. Make up your mind, Barley Mill... I don't know whether to marry you or dump you...
<review# 218,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2014,4/14/2014,69,90,6,10,9>One of my ongoing quests in life is to find interesting breads so I decided to check this place on my second day in Calgary. As soon as you enter, you will be dazzled by the array of fine pastries and deserts. However, I was there to try the bread :D There were a lot of interesting options but I decided to control my self and only buy two of them. I settled on olive sour dough and sour dough baguette. Both of them taste awesome. The baguette is perfect for dipping in olive oil. I cannot wait to go back there to try other breads and pastries. One that really attracted my attention was pear and peppercorn bread :D  This place also functions as a charming cafe. I did not try the food and coffee but the menu looks very interesting and prices are reasonable. Instead of going to a grocery store, I highly recommend this place for your bread shopping. It definitely worth the extra time.
<review# 219,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2013,4/13/2014,22,201,1,7,4>I love lazy loaf but due to it's popularity it's often a long wait and difficult to find a table and it a total skip when you're starving around a typical meal time. When you do decide to wait,  the food is fresh and delicious.  They put carrots in their bread for the sandwiches which makes it very moist and has a unique kick to it.   An insider tip - if you order the vegetarian you get two kinds of cheese (it won't tell you this on the order slip)My preference here is sandwiches and baked goods.   I dislike the breakfast - it's a bit too greasy and way too expensive.    The prices are all a bit high but I don't mind paying it for most of the offerings aside from breakfast.  Overall it's very good tasting delicious food that's fresh and reasonably healthy.  Worth the wait if you can afford the time.
<review# 220,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2014,4/12/2014,34,185,3,6,4>Wanting to grab a quick bite, my friends suggested Pizza Bob's since it was close to their place. It's set up cafeteria style - order, pay up and seat yourselves. As a true Yelper, I checked in as soon as we got thru the door and I got a check in offer for a free small pizza - SCORE! They honoured the deal with no hesitations; we got a small Hawaiian and a medium Calbrese (Calabrese Salami, Red Onion, Red Pepper, Italian Sausage & Goat Feta) to share.The pizzas came out piping hot and I was excited because they were thin crust! There was a perfect ratio of ingredients to sauce to cheese. The crusts were crispy and both pizzas were flavoured really well.They have a huge selections of classic pizzas, I can't wait to go back to try a few more.
<review# 221,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/4/2014,4/11/2014,35,291,5,7,6>My hardest review to write so far. Three stars because this is a 2 star & a 4 star cafe in different aspects. A super busy spot on the weekend, they pack too many tables into the space, making it cumbersome for all but the most svelt of eat-in clients. I'd rather they remove a few tables and the line-up was longer. We came because of the much ballyhooed French toast bites. You get seated, then order at the counter, then return to your numbered table with drip coffee in hand if you ordered one. This kind of system can work well, such as at Famoso, where the waitress was very attentive, and there is ample space to move about. At Vendome, our "waitress" brought us the food and my cider (nothing special), but never came back to check on us. No drip coffee refills either. I contorted myself to leave the table and tracked her down to get a glass of water, as there was no self-serve station in sight. I used waitress in quotes because with the given high client to server ratio, she is essentially a busboy who brings food. Not her fault, they should have had more wait staff.It may seem like a small thing, but it's important for the waitress to check how everything is. Served on cream cheese slathered grilled bread, my gravlax was very good, with perfectly cooked deep orange yolks, zippy red onion shards, briny capers, a great hollandaise and a dusting of smoked paprika. Four plus stars. The French toast bites on the other hand were for the most part quite dry on the inside, not moist and custardy. The roof of my wife's mouth was raw from chewing the bread. The caramel sauce was all puddled at the bottom rather than draped over the bites. Inedible? No. Enjoyable? Also no. Two stars at most for spendy bread either inconsistently prepared, or all the other reviewers are crazy.What saved Vendome from a lower rating was the waitress gave us a complimentary lemon tart to go, and an apology for the French toast as we were leaving. Not that the lemon tart was that great (tasted and felt like powdered curd), but it's the thought that counts.Vendome: physically awkward and understaffed when busy, sincere server, some food stellar and some subpar/inconsistent.
<review# 222,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2013,4/10/2014,115,261,1,8,6>After reading the Yelp reviews on this place, we decided to check it out for lunch on Friday as we were in the area anyway. So glad we did!!Holy Smoke is a quaint restaurant with large tables meant to be shared. Luckily, we arrived right before the lunch rush so our order was made fast and we were able to chow down right away. Josh ordered the Manwich (which is huge, FYI), while I went with the Beef Brisket. We decided to try the Potato Salad, Coleslaw, and Corn Bread for our sides. Josh also ordered a couple of ribs, which were not $1/each, but $1.25. I also ordered a Sweet Tea which I was very excited about - not too sweet, it was so delicious. There is a large selection of BBQ sauces to try with your meat - we had the Jack Daniels (MY FAVE!), Hot Mama, Apple, and a spicy mustard (cant remember the name)...each sauce had its own unique taste but every bite was better than the last!!It was on the pricey side ($29 for both) but we got A LOT of food and it was so delicious. Every day since eating there we've talked about how good it was! I loved the kitschy Southern decor, the authentic taste of the food, and that yummy Sweet Tea. I cant wait to return for more!!
<review# 223,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2014,4/9/2014,2,20,1,4,3>It's been nine months! I've sacrificed, erring huge in the side of caution during my pregnancy. Got home from the hospital march 11th and over the next two weeks we ate delivery from our local (yeah!) sushi house three times! Thus far we haven't are in the restaurant but darn the food that arrived at our door was every bit as quality as in a restaurant. The rice in the rolls was fresh and moist. There is a variety. The sashimi is tasty and the portions of meat to rice is perfect!The delivery driver was also courteous, funny and professional. I'm pretty particular so for me to eat anywhere repeatedly says a lot!
<review# 224,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2014,4/8/2014,305,278,4,10,6>I love this place. It's unassuming, unpretentious and just downright delicious. It is the mother of all things coined "hole in the wall." It's a family owned and run joint, and the place before this restaurant was open was probably not a restaurant. Even cooler. Even though the menu has English, no one here actually speaks English so just point. Self serve rice and water, utensils are in the box at the end of each table. Get your own drinks from the cooler. They have bek soju, raspberry (I think) soju, and chamisul. Hite is always the beer of choice at Korean joints. I've had almost ever dish here, and you have my word when I say NOTHING on the menu is below DELICOUS level. Order the pork and squid bulgogi (spicy) and thank me later. The meat is always quality, and the soup is always piping hot. The older lady will come by and harass you a bit if she sees left over food, but you won't understand her because it's in Korean and she does it with a huge smile so it's all good. But don't break her heart and finish you meal ok?
<review# 225,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2014,4/7/2014,10,42,1,5,3>I want to thank my sister for the gift certificate to receive a facial at Kolor Twist.  I saw Krista for a facial on Wednesday, and I've been obsessed with the amazing results ever since.  I've been to Krista for facials a couple of times and am always impressed with the results she is able to create.  I've promised myself to go back far more often.  Krista is also an amazing source of information and advice specific to your skin type and issues.  The entire experience is wonderful, from the cleansing, specific treatments, facial and upper back/neck massage while waiting for treatments, and the final finish is perfect!  I seriously didn't want to put make up on for days afterwards just so I could feel the amazing texture of my actual skin Krista was able to produce!  Do yourself a favor and book in with Krista for a facial.  You'll definitely be thankful you did!
<review# 226,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2014,4/6/2014,27,15,3,5,4>Best breakfast sammie. Just sayin'. Huge eggs and cheese portions. Everything else I've tried is also really good, and I'm not just saying that. I can't really pick out a favorite (other than the breakfast sandwich, because I'm a breakfast-o-holic) Every day of the week they have a special.Joe was one of the most giving and friendly proprietors that I've ever met, he always recognized me when I came in, and asked me where I'd been if I hadn't come in in a while. I'm quite sad that he retired. Great service and great food, this little sandwich place gets 5 stars from me.
<review# 227,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2014,4/5/2014,45,205,1,5,4>I feel bad that I ordered pizza from Sammy's on a night I didn't want to cook and it was -40C with the wind, but despite the horrible weather I received my donair pizza, and veggie pizza from a frozen but pleasant delivery man. It takes about 45-60 min for delivery, which they will warn you about on the website, as well as by phone.I can say with confidence that the hour wait is worth it. The pizzas had a crispy outer crust with a bit of chew on the inside. The toppings were plentiful and they actually made sure when I requested half the cheese they normally put on it, it happened!Will be going back to Sammy's for my lazy days...
<review# 228,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2014,4/4/2014,63,47,2,7,4>Chilli oil, yes.Truffle honey, yes. Any pizza, in my mouth now. Peach cheesecake in a jar, magical. You can never go wrong at Una. Great service. Fantastic bar and drink selections. Best tasting pizza I've ever had. I eat until I want to puke. And then I eat more.
<review# 229,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2014,4/3/2014,86,132,,4,4>I never knew what I was missing not having tasted a stuffed burger. When I tried the Nainalicious Burger I was in heaven. Sauteed onions, pulled pork, cheese and a granny smith apple slice. The apple is what makes it. That tart crunch will bring youth your knees. I am cutting back on bread these days so i get my burger on a bed of salad. It is delicious and I don't even miss the bun. Plus, since I gave up the bun, I decided that I could enjoy a few forkfuls of my stepdaughter's pulled pork poutine. OMG it was GOOD. We will be back to this not that easy to find hole in the wall. Love supporting LOCAL!
<review# 230,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2014,4/2/2014,194,334,3,10,4>Caesar's is without question, one of my favorite restaurants in Calgary.  I go a minimum twice a year - my birthday and my husband's birthday.  It has been our little tradition with Caesars since the day we met.I have lived in Calgary for over 20 years and I have been going to Caesars since the beginning.  Never have I walked in there and noticed any change in decor.  It is not run down at all, but it is classic and never-changing in its decor and ambiance.It has a "boys club" feel, in the sense that if I scan the room, I am usually one of few females in there.  It feels as though many business deals have been made in there over a steak lunch or dinner.I have been in Caesars for lunches when staff members have had milestones (retirement, departures) and also for countless dinners with friends.If I could describe Caesars in a few words it would be consistently delicious.  The food doesn't have a gourmet twist on it - they focus on what they do best which is out-of-this-world steak.  Their onion soup, salads, potatoes and veggies are all extremely good as well.  Again, no gourmet twist but better-than-basic, yumminess.You haven't really been to Calgary or had Alberta Beef without a trip to Caesars.
<review# 231,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/25/2013,4/1/2014,5,39,2,8,4>The elusive Model Milk.  I tried on many occasions to make a reservation here on short notice.  Nearly impossible.  I finally had a concert at the saddle dome far enough in advance that I could plan and book.  My experience didn't start out well.  Because the concert began at 7:30, we wanted to get a table at 5:00, exactly when the restaurant opens.  I arrived a bit early and found a locked door.  They don't have a lounge that you can sit it for a few minutes before the actual restaurant opens which I found odd.  No matter.  Once I got inside, the excellent experience began.  I was greeted by several very friendly hostesses and escorted to our table on the balcony.  Once we were all seated our waiter came over and helped us select a wine.  The waiter informed us that he was Metrovino trained which gave him instant credibility with me.  The wine list was very eclectic but also very expensive and that was a negative.  Their wines start at around $70 and go up from there.  That takes Model Milk out of the running for a casual dine-out experience.  Our Oregon pinot noir was supurb but, again, expensive and more than we would have wanted to spend on a wine at a dinner for 4 early on a Monday night.  We started our meal by sharing the garlic cheese fries and devilled eggs.  Both were excellent.  I even made the comment that the fries were better than the garlic fries at Dodger Stadium, lofty praise indeed.  For dinner, 3 of us had the fried chicken special with mashed potatoes and corn bread.  I absolutely loved it; my dining companions were more mixed.  It's possible that their take on Southern comfort food hit the spot with me because I had gone for a run in the afternoon and came hungry!  In any case, I left Model Milk with a VERY favorable impression of the food and would have given the restaurant 5 stars (something I don't do often) but have to subtract 1 for the lofty wine list.  I highly recommend.
<review# 232,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2013,3/31/2014,43,166,,6,3>Probably the best fish I have had in Calgary so far.It's a cozy French Bistro, great for small groups, or if you are on a romantic date. The service was flawless, the chef was very professional and I could not find anything wrong with the whole experience.Try this place for Brunch, lunch and dinner, safer to make a reservation, it's rather small.
<review# 233,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/17/2014,3/30/2014,189,1517,2,5,3>I've driven by this place many times so earlier this week I finally popped in to see what they had that I could send to by fiancee for Valentine's Day. They had a few options for gift baskets as well as a table with a range of pre-packaged cookies, though the table was pretty empty. After chatting with the clerk I decided on a gift basket and set up the delivery. The total price was great. The delivery actually cost more than the basket which surprised me. Things aren't very complex here as she wrote my delivery information in a day planner and the delivery charge on my receipt was "misc cookie".The basket arrived on time and it looked better than the sample I looked at in the store. Unfortunately my fiancee said the cookies were just "ok".I'll give these guys another shot as I like the idea that they're a non-profit helping out people with disabilities. The baked goods that I saw in the cooler looked tasty so maybe on a return trip I'll give those a try.
<review# 234,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2014,3/29/2014,199,84,2,4,3>I went to try the hot chocolate which was WINNER of the BEST HOT CHOCOLATE for 2014's Hot Chocolate festival - it was delicious. You can tell they take the time to use real chocolate. The cafe itself it cute and small, but offers music lessons which is a nifty perk. I believe it was the owner I met (Sylvia) who was warm and friendly and also due in 2 days!!! It was a nice spot, I would go back, they serve food which looks and smells delicious, and  you get a perk when you check in!!
<review# 235,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2014,3/28/2014,266,478,3,12,8>For months I've been watching videos of New York chef's and foodies brag about their Bao sliders, even prompting me to buy a cookbook so I can make my own. Seemed simple, steam your bread dough, slow roast your protein, savory sweet sauce, and a touch of fresh component. It was ok, and my friends said it was ok. But it lacked a master's touch and I wasn't about to fly off somewhere to get a taste.Until I started seeing my social media feed with pictures and videos. Until one day I realized the Bao has arrived in Calgary. Who better to bring it than Jay Del Coro and Eats of Asia.For a while I've wanted to check out EoA. Their millarville location was too far for me to reach and could never find the opportune time to go. But I love that they're doing pop-ups now, making frequent visits to Kingsland.The bao bun was perfect. It's the simplest list of ingredients but so easy to screw up. Cook it too raw it's gross and doughy, cook it too much you get melting gruel in your hands. These buns were light, fluffy to the bite, and had a complimentary sweetness to it's delectable packages. The fillings were creative chicken adobo cooked in coconut sauce sprinkled with toasted coconut, braised pork belly wonderfully nestled on a bed of hoisin sauce and crushed peanuts. There were also vegetarian option of shitake mushrooms that I didn't get to try. Overall, aside from it being a wonderful eating experience, it was an educational one as well, certainly worth the $$$ just to see and TASTE what Jay has been The prices were great. It was easy to convince coworkers on the Bao's. Nothing like strolling in to try EoA for the first time ordering 8 orders and receiving a look of suspicion. Yeah, I could've probably eaten them all.Can't wait for my second visit!
<review# 236,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2013,3/27/2014,100,342,6,7,4>Love this location! Not a big fan of the 17th ave location, but this one is epic. It's huge, lots of space, nice bathrooms, and always had a good time. We've always gone to the bar to get our drinks, instead of waiting, it's also later so just easier. Plenty of seating, plus standing room so you're good. There are ping pong tables in the upstairs part, and a bowling alley in the basement, which I can't wait to check out!I honestly can't say if the prices seem reasonable or not, there is usually a few drinks on the go and we order rounds. None the less, fun place to go hang out at!
<review# 237,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2014,3/26/2014,8,63,2,4,3>My husband and I are huge zoo fans and often try to visit local zoos when we travel.  We really enjoy the Calgary Zoo and attend the Zoo Gala every year to lend our support and take part in a fantastic event.The layout is good and surprising large considering its location.  The variety of animals is also considerable when you again take the size in to consideration.  My favorite is a toss up between the elephants and the penguins but as the elephants will soon be departing I suppose it will be the penguins.  Although the giraffes, hippos, sea otters, gorillas....oh heck who can pick they are all awesome!Tomorrow my hubby and I head over to renew our seasons' pass and are really looking forward to another season of biking from our home along the beautiful river pathways to spend a nice day relaxing at the zoo.
<review# 238,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2014,3/25/2014,47,68,1,7,4>I've been to mainland China 5 times. In Shanghai, the level of food quality and presentation is much higher than any Chinese restaurant I found in Canada - you can't really compare that aspect.What I can do, is tell you what I thought about the food and service :)Xiaolongbao, famous shanghai soup dumplings. I've had xiaolongbao at 4 different restaurants in Calgary and compared to the ones I had in Shangahi, the ones at Great Taste are the closest you will get to them in a Calgary restaurant. They even have crap xiaolongbao which is pretty cool although I didn't try them tonight.Nai cha, their milk tea. Their milk tea was a cold version and served with ice. It was too sweet for my liking. I'd rather eat dinner here first then go to Calgary Court next door to satisfy my naicha craving if I had to.Dan dan mien, their "spicy" miso based noodle soup is good. The flavour and richness compares to Chaya in Banff, but the noodles are different of course :)Everything is is not bad. I still want to come back with an empty stomach and try out at least half of their menu, but I've got time :)They have the widest selection of dishes I'd be able to order in Shanghai that I found in Calgary which is a good addition to the city. I was pretty happy and my wife is too.The service was great and they speak mandarin which is also great because its somewhere I can practice ordering food.
<review# 239,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2014,3/24/2014,24,44,,4,3>My friend has been wanting to bring me here for a while now....but I bought tickets for a winery estate dinner and made plans to go with hubby. Imagine my surprise when I opened the front door and my friend was there waiting for her hubby! Great minds think alike I guess.The food, was amazing...visually appealing and also delicious to eat. We had amazing service from our server, who also doubled as the tea sommelier.And in the end, a kitchen tour :) If you are looking for a place to take someone special, you can sit at the Chef's table in the kitchen during service...highly recommended!From start to finish we enjoyed our visit and plan to go again.
<review# 240,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2014,3/23/2014,9,16,3,5,5>I went to give blood today! yay me! It doesn't hurt at all really..the finger prick hurt worse haha.I came in a little nervous and anxious even but they kept an eye on me making sure I was okay. I had like 5 apple juice boxes and a crave cupcake ...and watched the hockey game! not to bad! at home relaxing now as ordered oh yeahhh ! Excuse to not do anything the rest of the day! I will be back again because it makes you feel good for doing it! Even if I was shaking the whole time ahah.
<review# 241,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2014,3/22/2014,42,163,,4,3>I have never encountered less than good service here.  The servers/bartenders have always been friendly and attentive, and they've played some great classic rock when I've been there.  I haven't tried the food, and the rooftop patio is sweeeeeeet.  The problem is that the booths along the wall look exactly like the bathrooms along the same wall until you look at them straight-on.  Get rid of that wall so it's easy to see the bathrooms.  I wouldn't have to ask otherwise.
<review# 242,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2014,3/21/2014,57,118,5,8,7>There are multiple occasions where I drive by this place without thinking anything of it.  Jaime, Christine and I had a late girls night and it was time to head home.   On the way, I was really wanting to stop by somewhere but didn't say anything when mind reader Christine mentioned she was hungry for a snack.  Immediately I smiled and told her I was thinking the exact same thing.  We yelped a bit and pondered what we wanted to eat when she mentioned Sun's.  She said they had late hours and decent Chinese food for late dining.  SURE, I said.Sun's BBQ is just off Centre street, they have their own parking lot but boy at this late hour it was pretty packed.  Walking towards the door I noticed little kids coming out with their parents.  It reminded me of late night eats in Hong Kong, LOUD, fast paced, chaotic but cool....doesn't matter what time in the AM it is, there's always people having some good eats and laughing.We were quickly greeted and offered tea.  Christine and I decided to go for some sweet 'n' sour pork with pineapple and mayonnaise and we ordered a large order of rice because who doesn't like smothering the rice in the sweet and sour sauce?!  Anyway, it didn't take long for the order to come and it was just what we wanted.  Crispy, greasy, fatty....perfect!   I enjoyed the diced onions and peppers, it gave the dish nice crunch.  The sweet and sour pork also had a drizzle of mayo on top which we both agreed was unnecessary and could do without.  The portion of rice was large (as ordered), and it was nice and fluffy. Overall, this place is definitely the place to be if you are craving some decent late night Chinese food whether it's one of those drunken nights or that late tummy growling night....they offer a whole ton of food!  Give them a try!!
<review# 243,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2013,3/20/2014,93,149,3,9,5>whiiiiiiirrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr is the noise my wheels make on the polished wood as I make my way around the rink in a never ending left turn. It's like NASCAR with less fire and rednecks.There are several types of skaters here:1) Children 8 and under who have no fear, barrel around the place and will knock you over.2) People who are average, have some falls, lose their balance from time to time, but are enjoyable to skate with. 3) People who have never been on skates before in their life and spend 98% of the time on the floor.4) Folks that own a time machine and have traveled back from 1973 to show off their fancy skate footwork.Not an ideal place to learn, pads and helmet are recommend by me. Admission rates fluctuate throughout  the week as they have different deals; Monday and Wednesdays are the best bang for your skating buck.But boy, this is a real Calgary treasure, the ONLY roller rink left in the city. You can rent skates or blades here if you don't have your own. Kid's birthday parties are a staple as well as Roller Derby hopefuls (myself included) who just want somewhere to practice their laps.So lace up, get into the groove and have a skate to the latest pop hits played by the DJ which are accompanied by a light display.
<review# 244,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2014,3/19/2014,49,101,,5,4>When building a home, the last thing you want to deal with is snobby, unhelpful sales people.  Lucky for us we had Jennifer at Bartle & Gibson in the North East.  Jennifer was friendly, knowledgeable, and honest.  Her suggestions were very helpful and we ended up leaving there with exactly what we wanted, and more!  I never knew shopping for toilets and faucets could be so fun!  Their selection is massive that it's almost over-whelming!  But per Jennifer's suggestion, just start one room at a time. We picked out all the plumbing for our new home in no time and left thrilled..  Thanks Jennifer and B&G for an easy, enjoyable experience!
<review# 245,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2014,3/17/2014,429,445,10,13,10>I like things with my name on it. Teaopia, Tea's Tea, Breakfast at Tiffany's (both the movie and the song!), Tiffany lamps (I love lamp), a pet grooming salon in Vegas called "Sniffany," etc.So, this was a no-brainer. Initially, my experience at Tiffany & Co. was leaning toward a solid 3-stars, when the lady who initially offered to help us out had no idea that they carried ID bracelets and then disappeared. Then, the next lady who helped us out was, while very knowledgeable about their catalog, was (at first) rather aloof and almost snobby.Toward the end of the visit, she started to unwind a bit, cracked a smile and made us feel at ease. I get it. I'm not the warmest person at first meeting myself. So, winning her over was a bit like making friends with your sister's cat that hisses at you from underneath a table. We were later assisted by another lady who was also friendly and funny. When you're dropping stacks, having someone fun to talk to that knows their ish is everything. Otherwise, you start to feel like you're in a fancy Best Buy. When I came here a couple of weeks later to pick up the bracelet that I had custom engraved, I was greeted by smiling staff and the lady that got my bracelet for me even helped me to put it on.Pro tips: For the most part, this Tiffany's is kind of like a warehouse. Any custom work like engraving or resizing is not done in house, at least, not yet. It's sent to their location in Toronto, so if you're shopping for that special someone's present and want to give it to them on their birthday; plan ahead.Tiffany's silver also is a bit on the soft side, so if you're thinking that maybe you can save yourself the wait time by getting it engraved over at Things Engraved: forget it. Things Engraved refuses all items from Tiffany's full stop, because the machine that they use for engraving has destroyed one bracelet too many.If you're shopping for, say, an engagement ring, but you don't want to support the terrible Blood Diamond industry; Tiffany & Co. owns their diamond mines to ensure that all of their diamonds are conflict-free. While this may make the diamonds you purchase slightly more princely, you can be safe in the knowledge that no one was murdered or mutilated for your bling. That alone, deserves 5 stars from me!
<review# 246,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/27/2013,3/16/2014,48,224,2,5,3>We chose to eat at Charcut this week as part of our holiday downtown exploring.  We had made a reservation and got seated right away.    The tables are a biiit close together, I could hear each table's conversation just a bit too clearly, and got to smell their food while we waited for ours. That was my only complaint though, because the food was superb.  Typically when ordering a charcuterie plate you aren't sure of the portion sizes you're going to receive.   Charcut's half board was a STACK of really unique meats.   We loved the pig's head mortadella and the salami was to die for.   Our server suggested we try the goat cheese beet salad, as its what got the chef into Top Chef Canada.   We tried it, and wow, the goat cheese was like silly putty on my plate, super fun to spread around the beets, and gave us a yummy bite of cheese with every forkful.My husband loved the bone marrow as well, I wasn't the biggest fan, but it was tasty with the escargots.  Our service was spectacular, the server came around frequently to check in with how we were enjoying all the goodies.Overall, excellent food, just wish we had a bit more elbow room to enjoy it.
<review# 247,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2014,3/15/2014,130,261,2,12,4>After a day of crummy weather, with the SO spending far too much time in rush hour traffic while heading down for a visit, going out for dinner lost its appeal when 6:30 rolled around and all we wanted to do was crash and watch Netflix. Enter my quest on just-eat.ca to find something for us that was vegan and would deliver to my neighbourhood!I had heard about Flipp'n Burgers and we decided to order a couple vegan burgers and sweet potato fries! I was very impressed by the amount of toppings available. Our delivery arrived right on schedule despite the weather (thank you delivery driver for being rad and existing). Upon opening up our take out containers, we felt a little confused initially (as were the kitchen staff apparently) because our toppings were a little mismatched from what we ordered. Luckily, both were still completely vegan so I was happy to eat it either way. I had to throw out the generic "aoli" every restaurant seems to give out even when I specify it's no use to me, but the yam fries were fine. Was very impressed by the vegan burger itself and the quick delivery, as well as the cute bottles our sodas came in. Would like to stop in and check out the decor and stuff in the future, though I'm rarely in the Kensington area around dinnertime! Will order again :)
<review# 248,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2014,3/13/2014,71,173,3,9,5>I moved from the Mission area in November, but many times walked by this place. From the street, it always looked dark ( during the day) and quite frankly I had my doubts that this place like many restaurants may not last. Boy was I surprised when I recently went there for dinner. We went for a friends bday celebration and had the private room located to right when you first walk in. First impression- Wow! The room had one large table and overhead was a collection of punched tin lanterns, and globes of varying sizes...elegant and stunning. The room itself was tasteful - only complaint is that the room was a bit bright - but that was a minor complaint. Our server was fantastic! A young girl who was professional, poised and polished. She handled our large group so well. As a vegetarian there were plenty of options from the menu. I ordered 2 items, the roasted beets and the zuccini (sp). Both were delicious. Everything else that the others ordered were also exceptional.  A standout was the broccolini in candied ginger. The server said think of it as broccoli in a donut. She was right -bizarre as it sounds, it was delicious - we all couldnt get over how amazing it was. I wandered through the other side of the restaurant to use the washroom, and was impressed at how beautiful it was. Considerably darker- with a strong morrocan vibe. Relaxed and warm.  All in all, this restaurant was wonderful. We had a great night. We will be back.
<review# 249,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/20/2013,3/12/2014,137,253,5,9,6>This is a bit of a weighted average review.  Let me explain.Over the 10 years I've lived in Calgary, I've been here twice. Once for dinner, which really didn't blow me away. In fact, it really disappointed me as my party of 6 or so all found the steaks and such to be pretty sub-standard to say the least. As this was a time before I was a Yelper, let alone a Yelp Elite, I really didn't say or write much more than... "meh, had better". This experience would be a 2 star at best.But recently, I tried out the Sunday Brunch for the first time. Now here's something to actually write about. It wasn't a huge buffet brunch, but there was a decent selection of salads, hot foods, breads, desserts and such. No seafood to speak of, but then it's not necessarily a hard and fast rule in buffet brunches that there had to be.You see, on top of the usual choose your own omelette station (which is then delivered to your table...nice touch) and that the beverages were part of the price (thank heavens, I HATE paying an extra $3 for coffee at a buffet brunch), there was the surprise of having an all you can eat all you can eat top sirloin steak offer thrown in with the whole thing. Needless to say, 2x 3oz. medium rare steaks later, I was IN.The food overall was average to above average depending on the item, but then people rarely go to a buffet expecting 4-star cuisine. But as an experience and value overall (very family friendly too), this was a winner. I wouldn't mind going back again and again over the next few years, though I was pretty damn full after that Sunday Brunch.Soooo... I would give that experience about a 3.5 to 3.75.  Add the 2 together and divide, you get more or less a 2.75 rating, which would round up to 3. Sooo.. Thanks Sunday Brunch for redeeming Nick's in my eyes!
<review# 250,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2014,3/11/2014,67,205,2,4,3>Not much to add to what other reviewers have said, so: just order the Chili Goma Ramen and be done with it. Great comfort food on a cold winter day (or night). The place is small, so make reservations or else be prepared to wait. Parking? Iffy.
<review# 251,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2014,3/10/2014,138,614,4,5,4>I love hot food. REALLY hot and spicy food (despise bland, why bother?), so I was very grateful to be introduced to this place by fellow Yelpers.I have driven by this place too many times and had not taken notice of it. Maybe I was unsure of what to expect but one thing is for sure, I will be back here again!There were 9 of us and this restaurant can certainly accommodate large groups seamlessly. The large tables and lazy Susans... bliss for sharing.The service was polite and although we had to ask for a few things, they were brought out swiftly. Their main focus service-wise was getting our food out to us quickly, nice and hot. YUMMY it was. Such flavour! I could not possibly list all the dishes we ordered but my faves were the Kung Pao Chicken and the Asparagus. Magic in every bite. And affordable.We got tea and steamed rice to accompany everything and let me tell you, every morsel of food and drink was gobbled up!We had a really great time and all took turns with our fortune cookies reading them out loud... :)I did not find the food too spicy at all but I guess it depends on what you order and your tolerance level.No dessert served here apparently but there are plenty of other places in the area for that.There is on site parking which is nice. I imagine Sundays here would be crazy busy but Saturdays for lunch, no problem to park.Did you know your water tastes like sweet sugar liquid after consuming 100 chiles?
<review# 252,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2014,3/9/2014,4,88,1,4,3>I finally found the time to write a review to this place after coming here numerous times.  I mostly come here during lunch time on work days.  I have ordered their Special Box, Curry Chicken Donburi, Ramen and Sushi Combos.  I like their sushi the best.  Their portions are generous and I actually prefer this place over the other sushi restaurant in the area.  One refreshing thing about his place is that they provide green tea for free, just like in Japan!   Staff is friendly and tries to look after its customers.  It is a small restaurant with a couple of staff so sometimes they are overwhelmed if a large crowd shows up and food ends up coming out not as fast.  The last time I was there, the fascia of the building was undergoing renovation.  I look forward to what the dated strip mall will look like once renovation is finished.
<review# 253,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2014,3/8/2014,157,283,,6,4>This one's been on the radar since last summer. We've been introducing the kids to new tastes, cultures and cuisines over the past year and getting a great response. Sadly we got too busy last Fall to carry on with our adventures.So we wanted to start off the New Year right. I was very excited to try this place, after reading all the positive reviews. Buffet is best for our family, allowing everything to get sampled and then the minions can go back for what they like. We took in the Sunday lunch Buffet and I have to say it was fabulous. Incredible flavours from spicy beef with daikon, everest chicken (cashew nut & ginger sauce) to vegetables tareko and vegetable chau-chau...it was all so good. Proud of the kids, they tried a bite of everything and true to form went back for what they enjoyed most. And filled up on the naan bread (ha ha). The papadums were a nice touch to. The restaurant itself is a lovely, clean, modern little place and the service really good.With or without the family, I'll be coming back!
<review# 254,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2014,3/7/2014,64,18,4,6,5>I had my second ever Bikram Yoga Class last night.  What's not to love about a Friday night 6:30 Yoga Date?!!!    The studio is located on the upper floor of this building on the South Side. You can walk up the 4 flights of stairs or take the elevator. (My wife made me take the stairs ...)  Then you have to exit the building to the South Deck.  It is an amazing little Tranquil south deck ... to enter the Studio.  I changed quickly  ... then was lying on my back in the hot studio ... my body sinking into the floor - and all the thoughts and craziness of Calgary Real Estate drifting away.  90 minutes and 26 postures later ... I got to relax on my back again. (What do they call this ... my favourite Yoga Pose ... shanasta perhaps?)    Our instructor Emma was enthusiastic and terrific.  She said we worked hard ... and deserved to treat ourselves.  While waiting for my wife I hung out in the Yoga Entrance and had nice conversation with some awesome Yogi's. These people are so FREAKING nice!  (Why are Yogi's so nice?!) I met one girl who did 125 consecutive days of this Yoga! WOW!Exiting the studio into the cool Calgary Evening air on this tranquil deck - was simply awesome.Since Emma said it ... we went home ... put on the fire and made a nice supper. A great red wine ... then a fine Scotch.  What a Treat! I'll be back for Friday night Yoga!
<review# 255,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2014,3/6/2014,4,17,2,5,3>Amazing!I had a co-worker try these guys out and said he had talked to Dave about working with our social club to get a discount and that as president I should reach out to them and I did.  We have a great discount with Dave and crew but I really had to test them out myself, with some huge cracks in my windshield.  I didn't realize when I asked for a ride to work at 7am and he said yes, when I pulled up and saw they didn't open until 8 and he came in early to give me a ride, I felt terrible but shocked in a great way.  Customer service was awesome!  Their service is great!  They even tried to wash my Jeep but the line ups were so long that they just washed all my windows for me.If only everyone could model their business like Dave and his team, we would all be a happier bunch.I love my new windshield, its great to be able to see again.I would absolutely recommend them to anyone!Their prices are great too!
<review# 256,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2014,3/5/2014,2,19,1,6,5>I LOVE the Perk! They have delicious and reasonably priced meals.. and their SNACK BAR-- oh the cookies, granola bars, muffins, cakes.. my mouth drools over their selection!  I usually get overwhelmed and buy too much, stuffing a loaf (or 4) in my purse for later. This is not a specialty coffee shop so if you're into judging the balance on your palate of 2 ounce espresso shots, I would not recommend the this cafe ;) But if you love people watching, yummy food, friendly staff, earl grey lattes and free WIFI- check this joint OUT!
<review# 257,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2014,3/4/2014,5,69,2,6,4>I cannot believe how many times I've passed by this place & never gone in. For some "strange" reason I always thought it was an upper crust/expensive restaurant. Definitely was pleasantly surprised to see it's simply a casual combination of restaurant/bar. It was around late afternoon when my guest & I arrived. We walked right in & sat down. Wasn't sure whether or not to wait first. I think you can do either/or. Given that there was quite a few people already, didn't take long for the waitress to arrive. She was friendly & welcoming. We found the atmosphere to be clean, inviting & suitable for all ages.The menu had ample options, quite a variety. I must admit I'm a sucker for daily specials. They have ones for everyday of the week. So I ordered the steak sandwich (medium rare of coarse). You have a choice of sides & I got the Caesar Salad. It was a very tiny portion of the salad with not enough dressing for my taste. The steak was not bad, but I've had better. My guest, being on a lower carb diet, ordered the, "Madison's Chicken Salad". We both couldn't believe how ginormous it was! Come with a big appetite if you order. They could only manage half of it, but said it was good. Skipped dessert as there were only 2 choices anyways. The waitress mentioned how delicious the pizza is. I will definitely come back to try it next time.For a bar, it wasn't too noisy. Except for the sounds of the video lottery terminals. Of coarse, being a Friday, it started getting even busier around 4 pm. All in all, I was impressed enough to keep the place in mind.
<review# 258,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2014,3/3/2014,33,247,2,5,4>*Insert joke using a "worst" pun here.*Everyone do the poor wait staff a favor and stop making those puns. You don't think they've heard all of them? I wince when I see one of the poor staff fake a chuckle at the terrible wanna-be-comedy expressions produced by the patrons who have one too many boots for their own good.Anyways, getting to the review, do you like beer? Do you like fresh oysters? Do you like a friendly atmosphere? Well you're in the right place. Wurst is a great place to go for dinner (upstairs) or just for drinks (downstairs). The food is generally really good with the exception of the schnitzel. I'm confused why a German inspired bar would have a poor quality German dish but unfortunately that is the case. The other German dishes, on the other hand, are really great quality. They even serve a pretty good steak considering they're in a city with a lot of competition in that area.Also I hear many rumors and stories of the crazy party nights, but unfortunately I haven't been able to attend yet. I look forward to this experience in the future and will update my review after that time.Great beer and great food, that's what everyone is looking for, right?
<review# 259,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2014,3/2/2014,3,7,2,16,10>The customer service is amazing! I am a fan. The lady that helped me pick out a pair of sunglasses was knowledgable, knew what was in style, and so honset (which I appreciated). I took my sweet time selecting a frame and she insisted that I be totally and completley satisfied with it before I buy. Even though they were pretty busy, I loved that I was not rushed into picking. I love my Ralph Laurens. Thanks Sol Optix and Dealfind!
<review# 260,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2014,3/1/2014,9,4,3,6,4>A couple weeks ago we came here blind, chosen randomly from Open Table.  The staff were friendly and professional, the decor is simple but elegant. I had the rotini, and my wife had the linguini, and I had  one of the Dieu Du Ciel beers, Grande Noriceur, which was served in a smallish glass.  My rotini was nicely done, with a good blend of flavours in the sauce and a nice contrast of textures.  The linguini was quite nice, too.  Overall impression was "pretty good"... Until we ordered dessert!  We got the Peanut Butter Pie and the Pineapple Walnut Carrot Cake, and it was like discovering buried treasure!  Both of them were beautifully plated, and very good! SO good that I just drove downtown from the NE to get them again as a takeout order!
<review# 261,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2013,2/27/2014,8,37,5,8,4>True to its name, NAQP features quality American and Canadian clothes for men.  It is located in a small house/boutique on 10th ave, one ave south of the main drag in Inglewood.  They have a  selection of high quality men's clothes. If I was forced to categorize them, I'd go with upscale-casual lumberjack chic.  Is there any guy who doesn't need a really good flannel shirt in Calgary?  No, of course not.   NAQP is totally unique within Calgary and a really great new addition to Inglewood.  Go check them out.
<review# 262,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2014,2/26/2014,22,41,1,6,4>Oh Rocky, you made me another list for burger joint. The bacon cheese burger, OMY! (Oh my yelp!) It must be made from heaven; house made beef patty: juicy and soft inside, well perfectly cook outside; chucky relish, mustard and barbeque sauce inside the bun. Most importantly extra crispy bacon plus melted cheddar cheese on top of the beef patty oh my...... and the portion for the patty definitely fill up my tummy. I'm very glad you moved to Crossroad Market, now I can visit you aging during weekends. Thank you Rocky, your staff was friendly and help full.
<review# 263,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2014,2/25/2014,128,46,,8,5>Absolutely my favourite breakfast place in Calgary. My "usual" is Soul-In-A-Bowl, but basically everything there is a winner. The only drawback is often the wait time, but even that won't take away the fifth star. Be prepared to go for a wander and come back or grab an Americano at Diner Deluxe (yep, I don't care if that's blasphemous) and sit outside until your table is called. I simply can't say enough about the quality of the ingredients, the artistry of the presentation and the balance of flavours available to you at OEB. It's downright sinful.
<review# 264,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2013,2/24/2014,22,18,4,8,7>When you start a new job, all you can ask for is a *real* coffee shop to open up nearby. Caffe Rosso is most definitely a real coffee shop. I can't believe that I have 40 checkins here and still haven't reviewed it. Bad Yelper! If I wrote a sentence every time I checked in, I'd have a... (counts)... 40 sentence review! I wonder how many sentences are in an average review.... I digress.This place is owned and operated by Cole, an awesome, friendly guy who is passionate about coffee. He always calls me by name. I don't even know how he learned my name, I don't remember telling him. But he greets me by name every time I come in. Talk about great customer service. He also has a pretty fantastic hipster moustache. Cole is always showing me the new coffee products they have, letting me sample different coffees from different places around the world. Delightful.I always used to get pour over coffees here, which is the purest way to have your lifeblood, if you ask me. I think they took it off the menu, because it's technically difficult to make. But if you ask nicely, I'm sure Cole will hook you up. Their lattes are also masterful.They used to sell Phil & Sebastian beans, but now they have started roasting their own. It was a bit of a learning process, but now they've got it down. My office gets our beans here every week.. usually about twice a week, since we are fanatics. They will fill up an environmentally-friendly jar for you. You can even subscribe to a bi-weekly delivery service. We make our coffee by the cup in an AeroPress which is a wonderful way to enjoy your go juice.It's also a great place to grab a pastry in the morning, or a soup or sandwich for lunch. I highly recommend the white chocolate mixed berry scone. The Spicy Thai Chicken Soup is also to die for. I believe it's made by the Stock & Sauce Co in the Calgary Farmers' Market, but that doesn't make it any less delicious.I've yet to come in here for a beer or to try the tapas menu but it does look appealing.Great coffee. One of the Big 3 in Calgary, IMO. Phil & Sebastian, Analog Coffee, and Caffe Rosso.
<review# 265,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2013,2/23/2014,14,54,3,5,4>I love the 510. The food is just great, it has a relaxed and unpretentious atmosphere, it's oaky and comfortable and just a damn fine place on 17th to chill and get quietly smashed amongst the 20-somethings. Awesome patio in the summertime. I met a local rockstar here and drank several tall boy Pilseners and chatted about everything and nothing at all. Good times brosef.
<review# 266,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/24/2013,2/22/2014,34,29,3,4,3>I love me some brunch. I really do, but usually the wait time you can anticipate in Calgary: The City Filled With People Who Also Love Them Some Brunch (Official Title) scares me a lot. HOWEVER, At 1:30PM on the Saturday before Christmas there was NO WAIT! You read that right....NO. WAIT.I'm sure this was a fluke, but it totally floored me. The service was impeccable, my coffee was never cold or empty and the food was great! Great gluten free options for people like me, who can't eat "real" food.definitely check this place out, even if you've been to the other location.
<review# 267,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2013,2/21/2014,40,81,5,8,5>So I'd never heard of this place but my friend from Houston decided that we should have a girls night out and this was her chosen dinner venue.  When we went it had only been open a week but I'm a little behind on the review writing because I've had many similar girls nights since then.You know the type of night I'm talking about....where you start at the National down the street for post-work drinks and probably have a few too many before you continue on to your dinner reservation where you have a bit more wine before leaving for more booze down the street.  You know the type of night I'm talking about RIGHT?Anyways, on to Briggs.  Would you believe we arrived a tad boozy?  The server was new but did a great job helping us pick out a some wine.  The rest of the girls ordered some appy's before their mains but I was trying to be healthy so I stuck with a salad and copious amounts of booze.  Soooooo responsible right?  Vegetables absorb alcohol like nobody's business.Long story short, we had a great time, the food was tasty, and the server was cute and competent.  Winning all around!Bottom line - boozy or not, give them a try.
<review# 268,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/7/2013,2/19/2014,53,400,2,6,4>I had a great first dining experience at Anejo.  The food and drinks were soooo yummy!  We had mango margaritas, coconut tequila, chips with salsa and guacamole made table-side, and shrimp tacos.  I'm usually not a fan of tequila, but Anejo has a selection of higher-quality tequilas.  Overall good service and great hospitality.  I will definitely be back!
<review# 269,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2014,2/18/2014,75,130,1,6,3>#112 As many times as I have been to this strip mall, I never once thought of going to the bakery.That was until today, when I went with 2 co-workers to the Pho Thanh Vietnamese Noodle House & Restaurant for lunch. We had agreed to get another co-worker a Vietnamese sub. I naturally assumed from this restaurant. From the movie 'The Adventures of Priscilla: Queen of the Desert', Marion states that "Assumption, my dear Mitz, is the mother of all fuck-ups." Marion is spot on.The bakery is a medium size place with no place to sit and a cooler with sodas, water, and Beatrice Chocolate Milk (sugar and natural trans fats).Then, it hit me, from out the blue, the desert trays near the cash register. Peanut Butter Nanaimo Bar, Irish Cream Naniamo Bar, Nanaimo Bar for $1.10 each! These are normally $3+ anywhere else. Cookies as low as $0.45 and $4.50 for a dozen.The breads, rye. I had to stop here. I was already experiencing the sugar high from peanut butter and Irish cream nanaimo bars.How could I been wrong for so long?The lady behind the counter seems a little shy and not outgoing but she is efficient and sincere. Maybe once you get to know here as a regular customer then she's different.As people have already mentioned, this is a partial deli. I was able to snag a bite of my co-workers Vietnamese sub. HmmmmThis will be my daily fix for sugar and subs.
<review# 270,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2013,2/17/2014,165,224,5,10,5>Xocolat! Say it properly, like "shuck-oh-la". (Do NOT call it 'Chocolate')Yes, the name is sexy, so do it justice. I came here with two other lovely ladies to get our taco fix, and I am happy to say we were all extremely pleased! I got the Norenos, which is beef skirt steak. $16 gets you four delicious tacos. The beef was SO well seasoned, I could eat it by itself and be a happy girl. But what needs special mention is the little bowl of chilli oil on the side, to drizzle over your taco insides as you please. Its no secret I like my food spicy, but oh my damn - this chilli oil was over the top! It was so SO tasty and addictive, I almost had a fleeting panic attack when I thought I would run out of it before I ran out of tacos. Not the case, thankfully.I need more of that chilli oil. Now. And FOREVER. We also innocently ordered some margaritas which came in sizes as big as our heads! Holy cow, they're not messing around :)Our waitress was adorable also, and in the end brought a box (yes, a big mirrored BOX) which contained our bill inside along with three little pumpkin brittles, complimentary. As I am writing this review, I can't help but salivate at the thought of the tacos again. With the chilli oil. (Why am I not there right now?) Oh Xocolat, I am coming back to you, sooner than you know!
<review# 271,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2014,2/16/2014,28,39,,5,3>The downstairs bar doubles as an art gallery for private and public events - it is simply stunning and features work by local and national artists. I've been here 3 times and the service is always exceptional. Good wine list and a great place to bring a date or impress a client.
<review# 272,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2013,2/15/2014,29,29,3,6,4>How to describe the best pub in Calgary... Epic, Authentic, a true English Local, unassuming and unpretentious... I could go on for days.This pub had been the cornerstone of 1st street since before there really was a 1st street. Back in the day, 1st street housed the Night Gallery, a small club, the kicking horse saloon and a few really dodgy food and drink spots.  Now 1st Street is the centrepiece of the gentrification of Victoria Park and the Drum has lived through it.If I was asked, what is there to do at the drum, the answer is EVERYTHING! They have TVs showing almost any sport, amazing food and drink specials every night of the week and they even open up the other side of the pub, the Bamboo Tiki lounge on weekend and it turns into a proper dance club!! The staple DJ is Rob Faust, spinning his own unique blend of funk on Saturday nights, and is not a night to be missed!This bar has a fairly good following of regulars, which oddly enough always welcome new people to their favourite hangout.I highly recommend that you order a pint next time you are in the area!
<review# 273,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/25/2013,2/14/2014,190,342,,6,4>When we arrived for a table of 5 at 6:45pm ( They close at 8pm) They were so kind to us right from the get go. The place isn't big, the decor simple with ancient peruvian pictograms painted on the white walls. The menu is small, and the buffet variety seemed small but certainly it was not lacking as it has the popular items from the menu and was a great way to try different food items of Peru. The staff were warm and accommodating. When we decided to have the dinner buffet instead of a La carte, the kitchen brought out fresh food to fill the buffet table so that we wouldn't have to eat the "remaining" food that had been sitting there as the restaurant seemed to have passed its dinner rush. They were so friendly and so thoughtful, service was excellent! He made me a special ceviche as the ceviche on the buffet may have shrimp (which I have an allergy to). They make all their sauces in house (all 9 of them!) If you haven't tried Peruvian food, the buffet is perfect because you can try a little of everything (appetizers, dessert, entree). $25.90/pp for dinner buffet (I can't remember the cost of the lunch buffet). Thank you sooooo much to the staff on making our experience a delicious one! P.s. its in a strange "U" shaped strip mall that has a tux shop in one end and a Jamaican restaurant on the other. Inti is located at the very back (bottom of the "U").
<review# 274,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2014,2/13/2014,31,136,2,5,3>Forewarning: this review should be considered in relation to the service only. I'd never had sushi before this trip, and haven't since so I have no frame of reference for the quality of the food, and I've come to decide that it's definitely not my food of choice, but for someone who knows what they're getting and is on better terms with the fare, it would likely be a far better experience.From the moment we walked in, until we left, we were met by big smiles and speedy service. Everybody from the greeter at the door to the server to the guy who cleared our table at the end was an absolute treat.  They did seem minorly amused by my lack of experience with the things they were serving or how to go about eating it, but in a very friendly way.The location itself is small, and I could see how, if it was really busy, this could be a problem, but when we were there it had a very intimate feel that was great for a date setting. My date was a big sushi eater and she seemed to enjoy everything we had, and assured me that for the ammount of food we got - a plate of dumpling-like appetizer things I can't remember how to spell or even pronounce, two platters of sushi and a pot of tea - the price we paid was very reasonable.I feel strange writing a review of a place without having any way to know if the food would pass muster with a sushi eater or not, which is why I'm holding back the fifth star, but in every other respect this was a very positive experience.
<review# 275,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2013,2/12/2014,14,61,7,11,5>After the fantastic experience I had the last time at Get Banged, I just had to go back for more.The long and short of it (pun intended) is, I had been relaxing my naturally curly hair for three years, and decided to go natural after my last round of crazy chemical straightening in April. I finally had enough re-growth to even consider a big chop. So I called Get Banged.My last haircut was with Lindsay, but she has since moved on. I booked in with Gillian, but she was sick on the day of my appointment. For fear of losing the nerve, I rebooked that same evening with Jill, who was the biggest rockstar to ever touch my scalp. Everyone in this place is unassuming and friendly. So if you're looking for a salon where every person under the roof is going to be genuinely friendly and comforting, you should probably get your bum on over to Inglewood.I explained the situation to Jill: I had 12 inches of straight hair and just 4 inches of curly regrowth. I wanted all the straight crap gone. Even though it was going to be pixie short, the end goal is to grow it back out. I detest blow dryers and curling irons and straightening irons, and I wanted a haircut that is as low maintenance as I am. Jill was down for this. Jill was excited for this. Jill took a good long time to look at my head and devise a plan. Jill's confidence made me confident, and prevented me from crying like a baby as all of my hair fell to the floor.Jill gave me one wicked ass haircut.I get compliments every. single. day. From people I know, from strangers, from passers by. Most importantly, I love the cut I got at Get Banged. I feel more confident, independent of what anyone else has to say about it. I save tons of time getting ready in the morning, because Jill really gave me a wash-and-go kind of cut.I cannot say enough times how pleased I am with my Get Banged experience. If you have hair, you should go there. If you have curly hair, you especially should go there. I should also mention, I brought a friend because, well, she just wanted to watch. I recommend bringing some type of support person if you're about to chop off all of your hair. Anyway, everyone was totally cool with my friend sitting in the chair next to me (no waiting room for her!) which ended up really saving some of my sanity. I was delighted that they were so welcoming!Just great human beings giving great haircuts!
<review# 276,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/8/2013,2/11/2014,12,33,4,8,6>I noticed a lot of the reviews for Wine-Oh's are from it's former time as Beatniq, so I thought it was due for a fresh review. This review is only for the Cellar as I have yet to check out the Bistro upstairs.I'm typically not a fan of going out with friends when there are bands since the music is typically too loud to chat, but the vibe at Wine-Oh's keeps me coming back. I've seen a couple of live bands (one was a cover band - wonderful! and the other was more indie rock/folk) + two Monday night variety shows (a wild mix of comedy, music, burlesque, boylesque, and magic called Carrie'd Away) and every single time I left thinking that I need to come here more often. Regular weekly features include T. Buckley Tuesdays ($5 pints of Village beer all night), Jazz Jam on Wednesdays, and various local musicians/bands on other nights of the week. They also have happy hour at 5pm, but I'm not positive on the pricing of that.The owners of Wine-Oh's have made some significant improvements to the acoustics in the cellar; the sound is rich and vibrant rather than ear piercingly loud. There are a few spots around the corner from the bar that are not in direct sight of the stage for those looking for more intimate chit chat.The food menu is the cellar is small and focused more on comfort foods/snacks: popcorn, chicken wings, hummus & baba ghanouj, fish tacos, burgers/sandwiches. I would love to see more salads and protein-based appetizers on the menu (for example, they used to have scallops on the menu downstairs, but they had disappeared the next time I went). The Bistro seems to have a carefully crafted menu so I know the kitchen could tackle more challenging dishes.The wine and cocktail list is good, although be sure to ask for the bottle menu if you are looking for a more extensive selection of wines. The by the glass pricing is a bit high in my opinion (many average $15 per 5 oz glass), but I appreciate that they also do half glasses. No half litres here though (unfortunately). I can also personally vouch for their Manhattan - nice and boozy. Wine-Oh's Cellar is located on the side of the building, accessed from the alley. You'll walk by the kitchen and head down the stairs. Important tip: DO NOT try and grab the $5 sitting at the bottom of the stairs; it's glued to the floor!
<review# 277,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2014,2/10/2014,16,76,3,6,4>Had a lovely time at Bonterra. My experience may be slightly different than  others, as we sat at the bar and got quite a bit of conversation in with the bartender and some of the staff. I've mentioned this in other reviews; when the staff is super into the food they create, it gets the patrons into it.I was very lucky to have one of their signature one-off charcuterie boards explained to me by the head chef, who made the selections. I had never had swordfish gravlax but let me tell you.. spectacular. The bison carpaccio was a surprisingly large portion and exploding with flavour--it came with sunchoke chips which is something I've never had before but was absolutely killer (where can I buy a bag)?Service was very good, though that could be because we were at the bar. I didn't go five seconds without bread being restocked on my plate. The food came out quickly despite the rush. Drinks were served with care, showcasing an excellent wine and gin selection.Highly recommended!
<review# 278,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/21/2013,2/9/2014,25,81,2,5,3>Not as busy as the Chinook location but this means no waiting and no crowds. I really liked the space of this location. The decor is modern with a bit of Asian flare. The staff as in all Kinjo's I've been to was super friendly and helpful.The food, in true Kinjo style lived up to the original location by Chinook. The only thing I really did miss was the boats. I know it seems lame but as I'm waiting for my order I like to pick up a few rolls off the boats as they go by... I didn't get a chance to do that. On the plus I didn't leave with left overs as I normally do. So I suppose no boats is better for my dining budget.Had a nice big pot of tea with my dinner. Also they have this little coin cat that takes your money... it's such a good marketing tool because I totally gave it my coin and this little cat pops out of the box and takes the coin... I must put one in my house for when people visit. The parking lot is now super packed in the area as the sobeys is across the way as well as coach and horses. Starbucks in walking distance from Kinjo's is also a huge plus.
<review# 279,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2014,2/8/2014,162,32,,6,5>Can not believe that this was my first visit EVER to the Chinese Mall on 16th Avenue.  Always meant to - but never did.Terry Lo hosted a Chinese New Year dinner there last Sunday.  When we arrived, we found the restaurant on the 2nd floor of the mall and as we approached I was surprised how full it was.  We were in a room on one side that had 6 tables - with 8 people at a table - room could easily accomodate 50 people.  Nice for a group event.Tables were all round with a lazy susan in the middle - eliminating the need to pass around dishes, we could just spin the wheel as needed.  Handy!Terry had arranged for a 10-course menu.  The food was incredible.I will just mention my favorite dishes... - Veggies with Shrimp:  I'm not usually a veggie person, so this surprised me.  The veggies had a silkiness to them - can't describe it differently that that.  So good. - Shrimp Balls rolled in Almonds:  These rounds were the size of small fists and incredibly hot - so I kept dropping it and spashing almonds all over. But it was so worth it.  Can't wait to enjoy these again. - BBQ Chicken:  I love chicken and I LOVE eating the skin.  Not sure how this was prepared, but it was so tastely and I'm sure it must have been deep-fried.  The skin on the chicken was crunchy...  for me it could not have been prepared more perfectly.  I will enjoy one whole order myself next time (ok - will probably have left overs to take home!) - I'm a dessert person and I was waiting to see what fancy treat would be laid before us.  Will admit that my heart sank a bit when I realized dessert was Naval Oranges cut into slices.  Wow - it turned out to be perfect.  As I for sure enjoyed to much of the NINE other dishes, these oranges were the perfect way to cap the meal.  So juicy - they did NOT buy those at Safeway. :)Loved it - can't wait to return!
<review# 280,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2013,2/7/2014,23,8,,6,2>I love Espy...I truly do.  I would shop here all the time if I could .What makes ESPY stand out for me is the service.  When you walk in, you are assigned someone to help you out.  The staff listen to what you want and do an amazing job at picking out recommendations based on your wants.  and they are honest about what looks good on you and what doesn't...regardless if it's a lesser priced item that looks better.  I have never once been made to feel as though I wasn't welcome here.  They treat everyone honestly and equally...the way customer service should be.  Another great thing about ESPY is they keep track of all your purchases in their system.  Bought a pair of jeans that you wore until you wore them out, but can't remember what style they were?  No Problem!  They can look it up and you'll be in that old favorite again in no time!  As well, is there something you see but are going to risk not getting when you see it?  Not to worry...they'll make note of it in your file and they will order it when you're ready.Other businesses take note: ESPY does customer service the way it should be done!
<review# 281,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2013,2/6/2014,19,212,,5,3>Can't believe I haven't left a nice review for Diner Deluxe yet!Location, design and atmosphere are not for everyone taste, but food is capable of satisfying a way wider audience.When I've asked my Italian friend living in the area, what would he recommend from their menu, he answered without hesitation: "Everything!"And that was correct. I tried various things, all good. Excellent choice for lunch or brunch, good to go with kids, too.Service was a bit uneven, but not really bad. If anything, though, that'd be another reason for "not quite five stars" rating besides the way this place looks.But in any case, quite recommended to check out - and I'll definitely be back!
<review# 282,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2014,2/5/2014,103,315,4,8,7>Lamb vindaloo brought tears to my eyes - both for the heat and because of the flavour. I haven't had food slow me down that much in years (but don't worry, I picked the hottest dish - most of the curries are much milder). I can't believe that a local farmer's market food court has a stall with an actual tandoor and fresh naan. Try this place!!
<review# 283,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/5/2013,2/4/2014,34,185,,7,4>I'm addicted to bacon, I have no shame in admitting that. So when a friend posted a picture of bacon wrapped corn on the cob and said it was from Palomino, I knew immediately where I was going for lunch later that week!My coworker and I met up with my boyfriend here, and OMG the smoked meat aroma was the best welcoming EVER! Looking at their menu you know they mean business - BBQ and meat.My boyfriend and I both got the Palomino cheeseburger (applewood smoked cheddar, double smoked bacon, caramelized onions and lime chili aioli), and obviously the bacon wrapped corn and fries for my sides (he got the garlic fries and coleslaw). My coworker went with the stampede chicken club with garlic fries and bacon wrapped corn.I couldn't wait for my corn! The crispy crunch of the bacon and sweet corn was awesome and as I ate it I wished I had just gone with a plate of this for my meal instead! My burger was pretty delish, I really liked the lime chili aioli. I had a few of my bf's garlic fries and wow they didn't skimp on the garlic at all (be forewarned that you will reek of garlic for the rest of the day if you devour these)Palomino has so much more to offer (ribs, pulled pork, etc), so if you love meat this place is definitely for you!
<review# 284,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2014,2/3/2014,22,201,,7,2>I ended up visiting Cameo & Cufflinks while looking for a bridal gown for my wedding.  I had read on the bridal forums that they were good with larger sizes as I wanted more from my experience than holding up a dress I could never try on.  They had a wide variety of samples in different sizes and carry a line call Callista which was designed for and on curvier women - hurray!   They know larger busted women can't get strapless bras past a certain size and some of the dresses could work with a good fitting and supportive bra which is something I didn't see a lot of out there in bridal land while staying chic and sexy. I found the line very well fitted except styles fitted in the hips (where I don't have the curves personally but I'm sure it would nice on women that are gifted there).Before wedding shopping I had watched a lot of "Say Yes To The Dress" and related shows.  Although I knew service was a key feature to why brides flew into the city for the store in the show for dresses and the price tags were a lot larger than I hoped to spend so I had a bit of realism about what I was getting into. Yet I was a bit taken back in my first visits out for dresses to other places.  Other places, I have gotten better service in a regular clothing store trying on $40 shirts than I was getting with wedding dresses.  Consultants with little knowledge, that ran off to help others and weren't able to translate what I liked/didn't into the next sample or were they just confusing me with someone else?    C&C was a little bit more like the shows picture the experience.   I was there on a weeknight and it wasn't that busy so it might be different on a Saturday.  I had a personalized consultant.  She really knew her dresses.  She listened to me.  She took her time.  She told me later she wasn't commission and I could see that looking back.  The atmosphere was nice and elegant.  I felt special being there.  The lighting was terrible halogens but my consultant even lead me to another area with different lighting and angles to look at my favorite.  She let me sit down in the dress to check it for comfort and she stood by while I took pictures to send my mom because I didn't have her with me that night and was ready to buy by the end of my session and did want her input first.  I had given a budget and said I'd prefer to pay less - which she totally got when others constantly provided top 80% of my budget dresses.   She brought me some dresses in the upper part of my budget but even after I was really loving one, she still brought me some cheaper dresses just encase I felt amourous and could save a bit.  Another consultant stepped in and helped a couple times - gave some advice which was very honest.  When I came up with a wacky alteration that would have been bad that was shut down - they weren't just in it for the sale from my opinion and I think many other places don't share that.  Obviously they are still a business... but one I felt good purchasing a high ticket item from.I did buy my dress here and will be going back for some of the other clothing and accessory needs for the wedding
<review# 285,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2014,2/2/2014,3,43,,9,3>TL:DR - The place is great, the people are helpful and they care.  All the products are fantastic quality and well vetted.For super foods and spices and an education on them all, this is totally the place to be.  I've been here many times and will return many times in the future.  I honestly don't think there is even another store like it anywhere.I'm having trouble writing this review because I don't even know what to focus on, so maybe I'll categorize it.  This review might seem like a bit of a circle jerk, but I honestly do believe that the people in the store are trying to help, and I believe in the products I buy from them.Customer Service:Everyone who works in this store is really helpful and they all have a ton of knowledge about what they're selling.  They're all very real and genuine also.  I would rate their customer service as excellent or better.You can feel very comfortable walking in there knowing nothing about anything they sell, and just ask for help, and once they're free (because there's often a lot of people in there) they'll be more than happy to speak with you about how you're feeling or what you want to fix about yourself, or how to maintain your already general health if that's what you desire.Prices:Things in the store can range from very affordable to very expensive (I don't necessarily mean overpriced, I just mean out of my budget).  I find that I usually get carried away and buy more than I meant to when I walk in.  You can go in with $20 and walk out with some great stuff.  Just tell whoever you're talking to what your budget is and what you're trying to accomplish and they'll help you out.Quality of products:The quality of the products in the store is second to none.  I know for a fact that they vet their products really hard before they sell it.Classes:Most of the people who work at the light cellar teach classes about what they're passionate about.  I've taken a class on medicinal mushrooms, tincture making, purifying water, liver health, mead making and a few more and I've learned tons from them all.I highly recommend checking out any classes taught by Pedro, Malcolm, Patrick, Blaine or Robyn.  I'm sure other people have great classes too, but these are the people I know have great classes.Patrick does this wild medicinal class that I really want to go to next time he does it.  He takes you to the wilderness around Calgary and shows you wild medicinal plants and teaches you about them.Elixir bar:This is really cool.  Super foods in delicious smoothies, or drinks or even ice cream.  I highly recommend the mint ice cream and the root beer.  They're both super good.My favorite products:Chaga - General Health, extremely high in antioxidants, adaptogenic, great as a coffee substitute.  It's very good for you.  I recommend buying the small 1mm chunks and not so much the powder if you're planning on making tea with it, but I could be wrong, that's just what we use.Reishi Spores - Expensive, but they will blow your mind.  If I'm angry and I take a spoon full of reishi spores, I feel the rage melt away to the point that I can't control it.  If you want to chill out (because of stress or whatever), take a spoon full of reishi spores and just let it melt in your mouth and you will totally chill out.Dandy Blend - Whenever I make elixirs, I always put in some dandy blend and it makes them taste so smooth and delicious.  It's great for your liver, and many people use it as a coffee substitute.Chlorella - But the tablets, they're cheap!  The powder is purely awful if you're taking it straight.  If you're mixing it into a smoothy, get the powder, but the tablets are great.  Chlorella is reported to pull heavy metals out of your body.Shen Drops - I'm all about the calming effects.  Shen drops are another great way to chill out.  They're very calming.Chocolate - They make their own chocolate there.  Well they stone grind it and make it into wonderful chocolates anyway.  It's fantastic.
<review# 286,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2014,2/1/2014,11,36,3,5,3>I've found my new favortie restaurant!!!!!I couldn't wait for this place to open and I must say it was worth the wait. My man and I went opening night and it was awesome. We walked in and there were already a few people inside. We walked up to the counter and were greeted by a friendly young man who seemed very eager to take our orders. Once we decided on what we were having we place the order and were given a number for our table, and were directed down the counter to the cashier. Another young man greeted us there and took our drink order and we payed. I have to say all the staff seemed happy to be there and there was excitement in the air. We took our drinks and found a table and I would have to say not even 15mins later we had our food! I couldn't believe how quick it was so impressive!The tuscan fries are to die for! And the pasta was cooked to prefection I was totally blown away with how delicious everything was!I will definitelybe returning on a regular basis to this place in the future.
<review# 287,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2014,1/31/2014,35,291,3,5,5>Raw Bar has undergone a physical and menu revamp recently, switching out the hot red for a powdery blue while retaining the sleek lines, and swapping out high-end stylized meat-and-potato for small-plate-focused "Vietmodern".I have previously had occasion to try several of the bites and small plates, and they are pretty good. Some are refreshingly off the beaten path or presented uniquely, but to be honest though, you are paying a premium for the venue for some of the appies. I mean, your hole-in-the-wall restaurant spring rolls start at such a high deliciousness baseline that there is only so much fancification you do to try to justify a double digit price. What you DO get for the price is a hip atmosphere, excellent service, and a great selection of cocktails.While Raw Bar has been known for its cocktails for years, the wife and I found the menu uninspired last year. Luckily they recruited Christina Mah to the restaurant and it's all on the up and up again. The thoughtful combinations of herbs, bitters, sweet components, and liquors make drinks more of a peer to the food than an accompaniment. Of course, you can come just for a drink too!Pressed a bit for time, on our most recent visit we forwent the small plates and tried two of the half dozen or so main plates. The salmon steak was crispy and well seasoned, and the vegetables (squash, colored carrots, and green onion cores predominating) were perfectly cooked. The spicy soy sauce served on the side lets you usefully customize the salt and heat.  We used it to fix my wife's under seasoned Pad Thai (see below). Wrapped in a large leaf packet, the rice was not the best, nor the worst I've experienced in town in terms of texture or flavour. Call me a rice snob, but assuming they buy top quality rice, I wonder if the leaf packaging was put together for modern visual appeal at some cost to traditional mouth appeal. I'm sure this would be an easy thing to tweak.Conversely, the visually appealing Pad Thai (a menu staple for some years), has been reinterpreted into a more subdued presentation. While I can appreciate chef Duncan Ly try to put a twist on the classic by employing a (really delicious) panang broth, I think a traditional noodle dish form factor would have worked better. In its current form, the broth to solids ratio leaves a lot of the noodles and plain Jane veggies high and dry. Once again, this could be fairly easily remedied by thickening the panang.In sum, the new Vietmodern incarnation of Raw Bar has a cool atmosphere, spendy small plates including some unique and well presented choices, *great* cocktails and service, and nice mains that could use a few tweaks.
<review# 288,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/18/2013,1/30/2014,115,261,,5,3>I enjoy Santorini. When I was planning my birthday, I knew that most restaurants would be full due to Christmas parties. I remembered attending a birthday dinner here a few years ago, and I figured it would be perfect since I've been meaning to come back since! Reservations went smoothly and they were very accommodating.The 8 of us were seated near the front door - I expected us to be at the back like last time, but it wasn't a big deal. Our waiter was polite, but quiet - nothing stood out for me as far as exceptional service goes, but we had what we needed and that was fine. We started with drinks - I didn't realize that the only wine by the glass was their house wine - but it ended up being fine. They don't have a huge cocktail menu so that's something to keep in mind. We also ordered some Saganaki, Spanikopita, Meatballs, and Calamari to start. Everything came out super quickly! The cheese was a HUGE hit...it was delicious...but REALLY lemony. I didn't mind, but I found a lot of the dishes to have just a tad too much lemon. Josh and I decided to share the Seafood Platter. It was huge! The shrimp was delicious and the fish was seasoned perfectly, however it was slightly overcooked. A little disappointing, but still tasted good nonetheless. Everyone seemed to really enjoy their food, and our sides/salad were very tasty. For dessert, we opted for the Creme Caramel and the Baklava, which was HUGE! I wasn't a huge fan of the Creme Caramel, as I don't really enjoy pudding, but the Baklava was delicious. I wished it was a bit crispier but otherwise no complaints.Our service wasn't amazing, but the food was quite good and it was a lovely evening. It would have been nice for them to acknowledge the birthday (some restaurants will put a candle on the dessert or something - minor but it adds a nice touch) and for the waiter to be a little more personable, but it didn't take away from our good experience. I'll likely be back in the future, at least for the delicious Saganaki!
<review# 289,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2013,1/29/2014,45,205,4,6,3>Had a hankering for some late night falafel, and Shawarma Knight is down the way from my boyfriend's. I've always been a little sketched out by the restaurants on this strip of 14th, but we walked into a busy and clean restaurant. The falafel we had was made fresh while we waited and the service was excellent. Super friendly young man who made our food chatted with us, asking is how our weekend was going. Getting back to the falafel, as stuffed as I was, I couldn't help wanting to go back for seconds. It tasted so delicious. Just a hint of fennel and perfectly crispy on the outside, yet soft on the inside. None of that dried, fossilized stuff some places have sitting in the fridge until you come by and take it out of its misery. Will be making this my new place when I'm lazy, but want to eat somewhat healthily.
<review# 290,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2013,1/28/2014,34,33,3,4,3>Wild Grainz bakery is by FAR my favorite bakery in Calgary. Everything they do make is my favorite. Their bear claws, cream cheese brownies, lime squares, regular brownies, spinach-feta croissants, fruit danish... Gah! I've never been disappointed. I could go into detail about why each of those things are super well made, but then I'd be writing a book. Just order anything you like and you won't be disappointed!Actually, the only thing I didn't like very much were their sandwiches. Obviously the bread is delicious, but since the sandwich isn't made to order, it sits in the fridge for hours. Everything else... delish! Very well made with high-quality ingredients.
<review# 291,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2014,1/27/2014,63,47,3,5,3>The location isn't the greatest and it may be hard to find but since I have discovered this place I will never go to another pho place ever again. This is the most authentic Vietnamese joint I have tried in Calgary so far and I am picky with my pho. The thing that gets me is they are not cheap with their meat - my favourite is tendon and they don't cheap out at all, I find my bowl has big chunks of it. The broth is delicious and the food comes out within 5 minutes. The price is very reasonable, you can order from a small to a large size and spend under $10. The service is good, you get what you came for at an efficient manner. I highly recommend this Vietnamese joint strictly just for the food.
<review# 292,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2014,1/26/2014,60,255,,5,3>Bridgeland Dental care is the first new dental clinic I have tried for close to 30 years.  I was glad to have gone because I have found a new long term clinic and Dentist in Dr. Greg Broyde.Dr. Broyde and his staff of professionals took very good care of me from the moment of intake to the time I left the door.  From start to finish everyone was professional, polite and friendly.  The clinic had a vibe that everyone that was there wanted to be there.  I like that a lot.I will be back.  Oh and thanks for the Starbucks gift card!!
<review# 293,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/22/2013,1/25/2014,95,304,,7,4>I finally tried Booker's, I've heard so much about the AYCE crab on Sundays, but I wasn't aware they do it on Monday as well! Most of my tips I'm stealing from Wendy (sorry Wendy), but its' better to go on Monday than Sunday since Sunday is apparently insanely busy. It's a pretty cool deal, about $45 for AYCE crab and then $38 or something for AYCE ribs. I didn't try the ribs but they looked pretty decent. And if you're going with people who have gotten one or the other, you're welcome to share amongst yourselves, but people who don't do the AYCE get blacklisted (jk... but they aren't allowed to try your crab or ribs). They are ON the BALL for having your AYCE order out to you within moments of it being ordered, and they just keep bringing you more until you ask them to stop. I don't think they let our bucket of crab go empty until we requested it! They offer a choice of sides with your AYCE - creamy coleslaw, potatoes, or cajun rice. It'd be nice if they had maybe a salad or like vegetables (even if ti was like peas or something cheap) to counter the heavy protein action. Parking is not as hectic as I thought, driving into work everyday along 4th ave I couldn't imagine where there'd be parking, but there is parking around back along the street or a small parking lot. It's free after 6pm or Sundays. The crab was great, it wasn't overcooked or rubbery, it wasn't undercooked. It came apart nicely and they provide you with herbed butter and crackers and a lobster/crab fork for extracting crab. Environment is casual, bathrooms are upstairs.
<review# 294,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/6/2013,1/24/2014,85,210,3,7,5>We've been to this little noodle house a couple of times. For ramen, it's a great choice. They have the option of three types of ramen, plus additional options for each type, as well as other choices on the menu depending on what you're craving. The food is always good, the service is decent. Parking can be a bit of a pain as the lot is tiny but all in all we'll definitely be back.
<review# 295,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2014,1/23/2014,189,1517,,6,3>Moving back to the city meant getting my health care and driver's license changed over from Ontario back to Alberta. Walking into the registry I found no line at the health care desk so I started there. This process took all of five minutes. I had to fill out a form and answer a few questions and that was it. It certainly wasn't the drawn out red tape filled process I was imagining.The drivers license took a little longer. Mostly because I had to stand in line. The lady I dealt with was quite pleasant, unlike the woman I had encountered a week before when I popped in to ask what information I would need to bring with me to get everything changed over. Again, just a few questions, got my picture taken, signed inside the little box and I was on my way.Unfortunately a few days later I got a call saying that my driver's license had expired a a couple weeks before I went to change it over. Oops! I thought my license expired in November but it was October. The agent explained that I had to get a letter of confirmation from Ontario or a copy of my drivers abstract. Luckily, Ontario has a program where you can go online and pay $12 for a PDF copy of your abstract.A few days later I dropped off the abstract at the registry and everything was taken care of. I had my new license in that mail in less than a week.
<review# 296,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2014,1/22/2014,22,19,,5,3>I absolutely love the Subs-N-Bubbles Food Truck and now I'm equally in love with their permanent fixture in the Kingsland Farmers' Market. Working in the Market I'm able to get Spicy Sate Beef Noodle Soup and Bulgogi Vietnamese Subs whenever I desire, and I desire a lot - haha. I'm not a huge fan of Bubble Tea but they do an awesome job as well!
<review# 297,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2014,1/21/2014,6,54,,5,3>I go here almost every work day. Best drip coffee hands down. And the coffee beans to buy are also excellent-expensive but if you keep your eyes peeled they get marked down two for one- worth buying a few bags for home!I also have tried some baking and a latte or two also the best you will find in one place.
<review# 298,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2014,1/20/2014,43,166,3,6,4>It's not just their excellent technical service that keeps you happy. It's the nice attitude, their friendliness and courtesy. You can see lots of high end expensive cars there which makes them look like an expensive luxury place, but their rates are comparable with others as well. I was super happy (not that I like to end up in a body shop again!!)
<review# 299,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2014,1/19/2014,45,109,,3,2>Their lunch special gives you two pakoras, naan bread, a samosa, two different curries, and rice. All for under $9. That is a lot of filling food for a crazy good price. The butter chicken has a nice kick to it, which I really like. I usually avoid butter chicken because a lot of places make it slightly sweet, which is kind of off-putting.The guy at the front was not too inviting though. He had this "psh, whatever" attitude that made you think he couldn't care less if you were there or not.
<review# 300,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2014,1/18/2014,48,110,3,5,3>The owner, May, came highly recommended to me by a friend. It was our puppy's first time at a groomer's, and May ensured his visit was a positive one. She kept him for three hours to ease him into the routine. I'm not sure why, but my dog's hair prior to visiting May was matted. His fur starting growing massively, and it out of control. As a result, May has to cut off his beard, around his ears, and a couple of other problem areas where it was matted. We bought a new brush from May (good price too), to prevent this from happening again.Our puppy was washed, teddy bear cut, nails trimmed, ears cleaned, bum tided up, and with tip and tax, it came up to about $70. Since our dog was a puppy, May gave us a discount, which was much appreciated. I think for more basic services (no fancy haircut), the price is cheaper.
<review# 301,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/3/2013,1/17/2014,100,342,3,5,4>Well after a crazy day of driving around the city, (I started my errand across the street at Wine Kitz) I had to come back to the area for a couple more supplies. I didn't even know this location existed and I drive by it all the time! Sales staff was super friendly and helpful. If one person didn't know, they were able to find another member that could. It's definitely more expensive than a commercial grocery store, but better quality and if you're stuck with food allergies it works. One thing I would appreciate is, they definitely cater to Vegans, but not so much gluten free. Being the type of store they they are, it would be nice to have some deli options.
<review# 302,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2014,1/16/2014,266,478,5,5,3>*takes a focused sniff of wine glass with left nostril*I smell...a citrus note. Cinnamon. Vanilla. No. Vanilla after it's been left in a shoe and worn a whole day. Fresh cut grass. Fresh avocado. Victory. Victory with a touch of asparagus. The smell of wet puppy.The smell of a wet rug. The smell of defeat. Nope...it's it smells like a fresh opened can of tennis balls.I've been driving by this place for MONTHS and have been giggling away at it's name and how it sounds off the tip of my tounge. Finally, I dropped in here looking for a white wine to wow a woman and found an impressive collection of wines and spirits. Now I'm not a wine master so what I appreciated are the little notes left for certain bottles, the detailed description of flavours and notes as well as which awards the wine won.They also had a modest, but unique collection of scotch's. I made a mental note to pick up their tullbardine.
<review# 303,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2013,1/15/2014,67,339,2,3,2>Posto Posto Posto.....you are doing something right.My friend brought me here...he's becoming a bit of a regular and has been talking Posto up for quite awhile. He's usually a good judge of these things but I wanted to see for myself.Well...the food was fantabulous. We split the kale salad to start. It was amazing...great texture, huge flavour and aromatic to boot. I had the scallops and my friend had the beef cheek dish. Both were lovely. Well plated, well constructed and flavourful. The service was awesome - friendly, enthusiastic and knowledgeable. And the wine was fine. They have created a great environment that mixes special, well thought out dishes with a comfortable environment. It seems to be a great spot for a date or for catching up with friends.I will certainly be back to try other things soon!
<review# 304,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2013,1/14/2014,93,149,4,5,2>My cheese knowledge ends at the fact that I like to eat cheese and can pronounce gouda correctly.So I needed to supply a cheese board for a dinner we were attending in 15 mins. I walked into the shop, which is nestled behind Farm. There is no prepackaged pick and go cheese here, you need to talk to the experts behind the counter.I told her I was supposed to supply a cheese board, wanted three cheeses and it was for 4 people.Then BOOM, she was asking what I liked, picking out the perfect amount of portions for each cheese and giving me tips that I felt I could then spew out later during a game of Trivial Pursuit. I also appreciated her showing me how much each cheese cost per gram as she recommended them to me.Amazing customer service, she was very friendly and we chatted about the terrible weather and eyelashes freezing to our faces, while someone else was being rung through the till. My entire venture took me 5 mins, which was perfect as the man was out back with the car running.Thanks Janice Beaton Fine Cheese, you rock!
<review# 305,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2013,1/13/2014,57,118,4,14,7>Tea Funny: Tea Time, Fun Time! is a new joint that serves bubble teas, other specialty drinks, chicken wings and snacks.  After stuffing our bellies with late night sushi, my friends and I decided that we wanted to check this place out.  Tea Funny is located on the west side of center street.   You walk up a small set of stairs and enter a bright white  room with cute light fixtures and some old pop music playing in the background.  We took a seat at a booth, the neat thing about tea funny is that they have built in iPads in the tables to view the menu, you can place your own order right at your table and it goes straight to the kitchen.  You can also use the web browser if you wanted to!  The crappy thing is apparently they don't have a plug in so one of the iPads at our table was already dead and after we ordered, the other iPad died.  Anyway, their menu consists of categories:  Flavored Milk tea, Red/Green tea, Slush, Specialty drink, Real fruit drinks, Chicken wings, Entree, and Snacks.  We decided to go with a drink each and then have some chicken wings even though we were already stuffed.I asked the server what she suggested for a milk tea and she said told me the original milk tea was the best so I went with that and my friends ordered the mango slush with mango jelly and the almond slush drink.  For the wings, we ordered honey garlic and spicy teriyaki.  The drinks arrived shortly and I wasn't impressed with my milk tea, it was pretty tasteless to say the least...but my friends enjoyed their slush drinks!  I tried the mango slush and it was AWESOME.  Next time I will definitely go with a slush drink!!  The wings were pretty good.  They were fairly big, covered in sauce.  We really enjoyed the honey garlic but weren't really big fans of the spicy teriyaki, it just didn't taste like teriyaki.Overall, this place is a totally cute joint!!  You must check it out for some late night bubble tea and wings!  I will definitely try some other snacks and a new drink!  Hours are Mon-Thurs from 11am - 1am, Friday, Saturday, Sunday from 12pm - 2am!
<review# 306,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2013,1/12/2014,194,334,,6,4>After some hail last year, the paint started to slowly chip off my siding.  I didn't realize until that moment that the siding on my house was actually painted!  I started noticing one little spot by the mailbox, then in a week, the spot appeared bigger.  As winter came and went, I was the neighborhood shame by spring.  Coincidentally, while walking the dog, we noticed siding going up a few houses down, so we inquired who was doing the siding, and that's where we got a referral to Outside In Renovations.The siding looks fantastic, and while we had them, we also had the roof done.  Aside of the good work, let me tell you what impressed me about this gang.1.  They showed up .  They showed up sober and they showed up ready to work and always when they said they would.2.  They worked long hours, off hours and on weekends.  We put no deadline or pressure on these guys.  However, they would come in the morning and be here sometimes until 8 p.m.3.  We have a detached garage and house.  The roofs on both structures were done in 2 days (not each - two days for both).  The siding was 4 days, but that was due to some rain that created some delays.4.  We were happy with what we paid.5.  The guys that were working here were happy, polite, smiley and considerate always. 6.  They cleaned up when they left.  The nails and all the aftermath was gone.  This is not my first time at the rodeo dealing with contractors, or even big companies who sub-contract to smaller companies.  I am not use to feeling this good during, or after any renovation project.    The owner, Rob, was an absolute pleasure to deal with as well.  Nice guy, and when meeting him for the first time, I got a good feeling right away.  The feeling was right.
<review# 307,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2013,1/11/2014,429,445,6,9,7>"You mean this isn't West 49?" Well, kind of. If you've got a teenage kid in your life, and are stumped on what to buy him or her for their birthday, you can't go wrong in Zumiez. Like West 49, Zumiez carries clothing and gear for the skater, the surfer or... like Barbizon, the guy who just wants to look like one. They carry brands like Diamond, Nixon, Vans, and Stüssy. Remember Stüssy??? It's back for all those kids born in the '90s that want to bring back the awful fashion we thought we left buried in photo albums.There's couches with video games, staff is friendly and laid back, and while prices are a little steep for this to be a regular stop if you've got a big household and more than one kid to make sure they leave the house with pants on; it's definitely a good place to stop if you want to impress the teen in your life that's trying really hard to show he DGAF. Also, there's a shirt here that has a sexy, bespectacled lady on it that looks just like my sister. Which was awkward and hilarious for my nephew.First review written on my phone with the Yelp app!
<review# 308,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/31/2013,1/10/2014,141,125,,4,2>I come here regularly, about once per week I'd say. I drop my older son off at piano lessons, then I come here with my younger son. The food has been been consistently good, and they're beginning to recognize me as a regular.They're quite friendly, and the service is pretty quick. I can order, receive my food, and pay the bill within 30-40 min. I will post more pics, as soon as I try something new.
<review# 309,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2013,1/9/2014,17,31,1,5,3>You know you're hooked on Yelp when you make a date with a friend just to earn a  badge. But that's exactly what I did with a fellow Yelper as we set out on a quest to earn the Sushi Sensei badge! Not only did we want to earn the badge, but we also wanted to be able to compare the restaurants like for like. We decided that an order of California rolls would be our staple in every restaurant and we would supplement that with an order of the restaurant's feature rolls. Now, you're probably thinking "that's a LOT of mayonnaise and fake crab". Well reader, read on, because although we risked OD-ing on mayonnaise and getting mercury poisoning, we came out with some great tips for anyone seeking sushi in Calgary's downtown area!Sushi Stop #3: Ki Modern Japanese I think I'm in love!!  just want to sit on the Ki outdoor patio, sip Japanese-inspired cocktails and eat fancy sushi. Ki has classy written all over it. From the lounge seating near the entrance, to the private booths in the rear to the comfortable and sunny patio space out front.We could tell the second we walked in that this is not your traditional sushi restaurant. Just as the name implies, this is a modern twist on a Japanese restaurant. This means that they still have sushi, nigiri, tempura and maki on the menu, but they also have spiced up the traditional with some modern Japanese flare. So, despite many other temptations on the menu, we stuck to our plan and ordered California rolls. But this time, it wasn't fake crab... we were dining on real king crab!! As you would guess, the California rolls we had at Ki were the highest rated of our evening adventure. For our second place, we decided to go with the hamachi + jalapeno. Hamachi means 'yellow tail' in Japanese, and it was served as thin slices of fish topped with a very thin slice of jalapeno on the top. Delicious, and the presentation was spectacular as well. We also partook in a sake martini - a fresh twist on traditional sake. The entire cocktail list looked fantastic. I could have happily spent the entire evening sitting on this patio, exploring both the food and drink menu. Ki is all about the details. From beautifully branded white cloth napkins, to hot hand washing cloths, to teardrop shaped soya sauce containers and attentive waiters - this place has it all. All this doesn't come without the price tag to match, but if you are looking for a classy lounge for after work drinks, an exciting modern Japanese menu (as the name implies!) or just a place for great people watching, Ki is your spot! I know I'll be back!--LSushi Stop #1 was Sakana Grill - read my review here:yelp.ca/biz/sakana-grillSushi Stop #2 was Sushi Tokyo - read my review here:yelp.ca/biz/sushi-tokyo-
<review# 310,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2014,1/8/2014,18,77,2,4,2>For a special occasion, I booked a reservation at Catch Restaurant and Oyster Bar.  I chose the downstairs bar as I wanted a more relaxed environment.  It was a hopping atmosphere! Definitely happening.  It was a very busy Friday even so that we couldn't locate any nearby parking due to many holiday parties happening around the area.  They do have some complimentary self parking available at the Hyatt but they were already full.As we were circling for quite sometime, we called the restaurant to advise them that we were running late due to lack of parking.  The person on the phone apologized and told us not to worry.  Once we arrived, the hostess was courteous and had our table ready.  Service was prompt and the server was very informative of their menu.  We chose to get a bunch of items and share them (as per the server's suggestion):  selection of half-dozen oysters, calamari, clam chowder (special for the evening), crab cakes and the Thai Curry Shellfish Bowl.  ALL items were amazing!  I was amazed at how fresh the seafood was as well as loved the presentation of items.  I'm told upstairs at Catch is quite pricey but I found our selection and bill for two reasonable for what we got.  I just wish I had enough room to try dessert! Not to worry ... we'll be back!
<review# 311,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2013,1/7/2014,4,21,2,4,3>My fiance & I stopped by last Saturday and had a great experience. I had the Flippn' Burger which nearly blew my mind! A decent sized burger, it was saucy, meaty & messy - just the way I like it. Linds had the black bean burger and claimed it was one of the better veggie burgers she has had. The milkshake & yam fries were the icing on the cake. If you haven't tried here yet, it's one of the best burger joints in the city.
<review# 312,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2013,1/6/2014,48,224,,4,2>Despite being quite busy, the Fish Creek Pet Hospital is by far the best vet we've been to for our dog.We always recommend our friends go here as well, as the vets here are so caring and even though they are busy, they don't make you feel rushed to get in and out.  When our dog goes in for his shots or a checkup they take the time to talk about him in depth, and frequently do a complimentary nail clip for him.Our dog enjoys coming here, he gets very comfortable with the vets, and has no anxiety about shots or checkups because of the calming atmosphere they create.
<review# 313,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/27/2013,1/5/2014,71,173,,3,1>Having recently moved up to the area - I went in here on a Saturday mid afternoon for lunch. Being vegetarian I thought I would go for a tofu dish. My friend and I had  vermicelli noodles with vegetables - I had the tofu and veggies, he had chicken and veggies. We both thought it was excellent - the noodles were cooked perfectly - not too soft - just right.  The server recommended the house peanut sauce - which we both had and it was Delicious! Perfect balance of sweet and savoury- I could have drank a cup of it. :) We started our meal with Spring Rolls (vegetarian). I have to say , they were so crispy, hot and fresh that I had forgotten how good - good spring rolls could be. They definitely seemed hand rolled and made with care. I will agree that the service was somewhat slow. I was surprised as it wasnt that busy. What they lacked in speed they made up for with service, which was friendly and pleasant. I will agree with another reviewer that the decor was decidedly 80's. I will definitely return.
<review# 314,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2013,1/4/2014,0,7,,3,2>Treated my family here for my dad's birthday.  We had A LOT of food...ordered like 10 dishes... curries...pad thai..fried rice...papaya salad.. a little bit of everything.  All the food was delectable!   Full of flavor and coconutty goodness!  We started with 5 bowls of coconut rice but ended up ordering 5 more..because it was so good.My brother in law brought a homemade cake and they were very nice about it and surprised my dad with the cake with candles + sparklers and everything!  Not many restaurants allow people to bring in their own cake.  They also gave us complimentary mango coconut ice cream to celebrate my dad's birthday.  I was very pleased.   Highly recommend coming here.  Great ambiance for date night as well.
<review# 315,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2013,1/3/2014,11,36,,3,2>Came in for a pre-game drink and light dinner, and we weren't disappointed. While the menu is a bit pricey, the Sunday specials made it well within reason (half-price apps and $6 pints). Beer selection was massive - about 100 on tap - and the two dishes we had were great. The traditional poutine was one of the best we've ever had, and very rich. The sliders were also fantastic, and I'd highly recommend that combo to anyone. Service was good too, and I'd return for sure.
<review# 316,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2013,1/2/2014,138,614,,7,3>Going on a walk-about to explore Kensington has evolved into one of our greatest dining experiences since we moved to Calgary!Fresh food - yes!Amazing servers who want to enhance your dining experience, being attentive without hovering - yes! We love you L and A!A general manager who comes over, introduces himself and appreciates your business - yes! Thanks M!We took a seat at the bar of this cozy, cavernous, lower level, clean as a whistle wine bar and were wowed for about 3 hours (it was hard to leave!) The chef, C, knows his stuff and his passion is apparent. As a foodie, I sure had a lot to talk about and he was all for it! I loved watching him work focusing on FRESH ingredients. The care he took to make sure his station was wiped down and everything organized was there. Every 10 minutes an amazing new creation would waft over from the cook tops, teasing us to order more.We tried one platter with deliciously thin sliced meat, homemade potato chips with aioli and homemade pickles that were to die for!We also indulged in one of the best mushroom flat breads with a white sauce I have ever had. No soggy centers here! It was covered in greens (arugula?) and freshly grated parm cheese so it was like having a salad at the same time as the flat bread = less guilt!We also tried the house made truffles - so good, you have to close your eyes for a few minutes when noshing on them -as well as the chili passion fruit sorbet! Really? This would be what I would taste like if I were a sorbet in another life - it was heaven! The freedom the chef has to shop, create and please his guests was truly inspiring!No silly water charges here and our glasses never went empty. We really enjoyed the wine and beer where we just gave out server carte blanche to surprise us!I would indulge here 7 days a week if I could with this ever-changing menu (seasonal, as local as possible) and remarkable attitudes in this place.There is nothing I could even suggest to make this place better - it was perfect. Even the washrooms. There is even a fireplace for those chilly winter evenings.I want to keep this place a secret in a way - I do not want anyone to steal my fave bar seat but something this amazing in Calgary has to be shared amongst other foodies!5 delicious stars!
<review# 317,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2013,1/1/2014,89,72,,7,4>Gorilla House is an interesting creature. This volunteer driven art auction drives a small art community into a small room every Wednesday evening. Two hours before the bids begin the artists are given the task to paint, draw and create artwork based on a theme. Anyone can bring their canvas. The community spills out into the street and parking lot in a fantastic party every hump day!Here is the secret... don't tell anyone about it. I have bought an original painting here signed by the artist for... $25. I'm not missing the zero. I was absolutely shocked that I got away with this very low bid! Put art on your walls before the paint dries! Connect with the artists personally! Will the next Picasso be discovered here? Probably!
<review# 318,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/14/2013,12/31/2013,9,68,2,4,2>Love love love love!This is Baileys fav spot in Calgary.So much to explore from the fensed in water spot, to the bushel of Trees, so many nooks and crannies to discover!Super easy to find, and HUGE! Normally we visit the doggie park in Dover but its got nothing on this place! Also, theres always other dogs when I go which is great for my poochie, Bailey. Whenever I head over to the Dover park I never catch any other dogs there - Bailey still has fun, but not as much as when there are other four legged friends to run around with.If your new to Calgary I recommend this park! Top knotch, and HUGE! And fur mammas, dont fret - it is completely fensed in! So no way for your little one to wonder off.In the winter its nice but I gotta say its a blast in the Summer, especially when theres a couple pups splashing around in the water! When we get home Bailey will sleep for hours! Tuckered out little puppy -A gem in Calgary!
<review# 319,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2013,12/30/2013,23,201,,7,2>It's a shame people left bad reviews. It is an older couple running the place and I'm sure they're ready to retire and overworked. It's for good reason. He does really good work. I went in and wanted a pair of Gucci booties soled. I had 2 pairs of other boots soled at the Core at Shoe Masters and wasn't impressed so I really wanted them done well this time. He showed me the different soles he could do and recommended Topy. I've had Topy and Vibram done before on other boots in Toronto and liked both. He said Vibram are too grippy and to go with Topy since my boots are smooth leather soles anyway. One week later I picked them up. $42 for grippy soles and no damage to the original smooth leather. Yay! I highly recommend getting them done if you've got expensive shoes. When you're spending $500+ you want to protect your investment with a shoe service that knows what they're doing. It does suck that they're not open on weekends or late, but they're doing their best I'm sure. Oh yeah, and they're off for 2 weeks during Christmas. He was nothing but pleasant with me...but then again, I have a great rapport with people in their 60's I guess. Must be the service industry blood in me. ;)
<review# 320,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2013,12/29/2013,137,253,6,11,7>Endless coffee hereThe Dark Blends are so manyIn Caffeine Heaven- A coffee-themed haiku soon to be found carved into my coffee mugWow... it's been awhile since I felt inspired to write a 5-star review but if there was any such place, it's DawsCo.Admittedly on the outside, it really doesn't look like much. Hell, it looks like any other industrial building in that zone betweem Macleod Trail and Blackfoot Trail. There's a sign that's easily missed that says 24 K-Pod Coffee for $16 or something like that as well. I was in the area, picking up some goods for my store, when I realized that I was running low on K-Pod coffee at home, and thought, might as well try that place I keep passing by every so often.Basically put, when I walked in, I was completely blown away.  This is what I believe to be a wholesale coffee company that introduced a basic retail business in their front lobby.... but it was just dazzling. There were literally racks and shelves filled with nothing but different top brands of K-pod coffees, teas and hot chocolates. Now what more than impressed me was that the staff there literally jumped in and explained what to do. There's these cute 24-muffin pans that you grab, and then just go from rack to rack of K-pods and pick and choose what you want to drink. This way, you literally get to try anything and everything you ever wanted to try and not pay for a box of 10, 18 or whatever. You can also buy them individually, but the 12 or 24 deal is way more economical and fun.  And more importantly, if you just wanted to buy by the box, you can get a pack of 24 of certain brands for as little as $11!!! And as a first time buyer, they gave me a $10 discount on my next purchase of $50 or more, a whole bunch of extra coffees to try out that they thought I would like, and even a lesson on how to clean my Keurig. Add the fact that these guys are a pretty damn friendly bunch, I honestly couldn't have been more impressed.I've picked up 24 today, but I've already called my gal and told her to never buy from any other shop again. In Calgary, there's maybe a small handful of places that has completely blown me away to the point that I'm a diehard loyalist and twitter fan. downtownfood is one. Sticky Ricky's is one. Tutti Frutti is another. And now DawsCo Coffee Service.
<review# 321,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2013,12/28/2013,5,7,1,5,3>I have been to this place for lunch buffet couple of times but, tonight I happen to enjoy  the dining experience. When me and my friend entered this restaurant they made us fell like it's our home. Excellent service, excellent food and excellent ambiance. They have gluten free, allergies free food and good amount of vegetarian options, you will not be disappointed. We ordered momos for  apps, they are melt in your mouth goodness it came with mild and hot sauce but, I totally skipped the sauce for last couple of pork  momos, every bite lead me closer to heaven and craving for more. For our next course, we ordered lamb dhal bhat (traditional Nepalese platter) and himalayan shrimp. If you are really hungry order the dhal bhat it comes with sweet dhal, tomato and spinach side, saffron basmathi rice wonderfully cooked, green salad, raitha, pickles, flat bread (naan) , hot beverage of your choice and mango rice pudding which is still lingering in my taste buds. Lamb is quiet a tough meat to cook, I don't have any clue what himalayan voodoo they have done,  it literally melted like butter in my mouth. The shrimp was splendid which came with the awesome saffron rice and green salad. For drinks we had a bottle of wine but, I would suggest good tiger beer that will go well with most south asian food. To summarize, these guys are one among the best places in Calgary to dine. They will make your tummy and your heart happy. Quiet a gem in this city.P.S: Kindly forgive me if there are any grammatical or spelling mistakes English is not my first language.
<review# 322,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2013,12/27/2013,10,14,,5,2>In our three visits here we have had no problem with service or being seated. Sure, it's hopping busy but you have to expect that from any restaurant in the area. Cibo has my heart (and our wallets) for 3 reasons:-Locally sourced foods. They really care about what they are putting into your meal. This theme is apparent throughout the menu and with each bite of their amazing pasta or pizza. - Community focusI will never forget walking out of there one evening before thanksgiving and seeing this sign. "We want your family to join our family this thanksgiving. $40 for a family of 4 to enjoy turkey dinner here" not the exact wording but you catch my drift? Which brings me to my final point. -ValueWhen you eat food this good you may expect to be hit with a large bill at the end. Not here. My husband and I always manage to walk out having gladly handed over 70 or less including drinks and appies!!! That's $70 for two to indulge on food that is actually good for you in an atmosphere that is alive and thriving. Thanks, Cibo, for caring about our world and community, and about our stomachs!!
<review# 323,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2013,12/26/2013,3,6,1,4,3>Today we finally made it over to Li-Ao to order some take-out. WOW!! First of all, the service was impeccable. While we waited for our order, the kitchen sent us over some deep fried spicy salmon gyoza to try. DELICIOUS!! A few minutes later we received some rolls to try. We had asked them to put the volcano sauce on the side for one item (it was our first visit & you never know how spicy is spicy) and they accidentally put the sauce on soooo offered us four out of the eight to try while they remade the entire item. (When we got home we saw that they included the four "sauced" rolls with the eight "unsauced" free of charge!) By the way, the volcano sauce isn't intolerably spicy. It's yummy! On our way out the door we each received a box of Pocky. Double Yum! Even though our food spent more than 30min in their respective containers, it was flavourful, exceeding our already high expectations. My 14 month old took a liking to the yam tempura (very surprising as he's a picky eater). We will certainly be regulars!
<review# 324,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2013,12/25/2013,0,1,,5,3>Had to do asap an out of province inspection or wtv its called. I went over a whoooole list of businesses that do that and on the weekend. Everyone said I had to leave the car there for at least half of the day. These guys had it ready in an hour! Aaaaand they were way cheaper than the rest! My car did have break issues that really wasn't a surprise and they were able to fix it in less than an hour (they had to order the parts). They were fast, cheap, efficient and really friendly. I would definitely recommend this place!
<review# 325,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2013,12/24/2013,25,4,,4,2>I've had a very positive dental experience with the team at 17th Ave Dental.  The staff is personable, professional and very attentive.  The services they have provided to me are: teeth cleaning, cavity filling, teeth whitening, and "Clear Line" realignment to correct a few crooked teeth.  I highly recommend the team for those looking for simple cleaning to cosmetic dentistry.  My smile looks amazing, finally I have the self confidence I've been looking for and love flashing my pearly whites!
<review# 326,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/18/2013,12/23/2013,65,117,2,3,3>I have been coming to Mission Health for nearly 10 years. Through renovations, rate changes and service upgrades, Dr. Jason Fox continues to be the chiropractor I go see when I am hit by a car or dislocate my shoulder slipping in the river.The clinic is clean, open and Dr. Fox, on top of having a super cool name, is experienced. He believes the muscles need to be treated as much as the bones, so you won't have to worry about going here and just getting a bone crack without treating the tense muscles pulling the bones out of place. (Also, Dr. Fox is a rock-climber, so he's mighty strong in a small package for you football players out there.)Whether your jaw clicks weird, you have whiplash or your knee is screwed up from dancing for too many years, Mission Health can help get you back in order. T.
<review# 327,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2013,12/22/2013,30,49,,2,2>I love finding these tiny, hole-in-the-wall type places. I've driven past here on my way to Salsita, which is in the same complex.They belong to the "Don't cook, just eat" delivery service, and I would guess that most of their business is take out. But don't be fooled! There are tables here to sit and enjoy a quick bite.The menu offers a good selection if very reasonably priced sushi, many items being just $1. I opted for the "Salmon lovers" combo. It had 3 pieces of salmon sushi, 3 pieces of salmon sashimi, and a California roll type maki that had salmon on the outside with a spicy mayo drizzle. For just $10, it was a good deal and very tasty. The salmon tasted fresh, so all good here.I didn't have their bubble tea today, however, they do have a good selection. Of flavors to choose from.I will definitely be back the next time I need a quick snack or lunch.
<review# 328,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/14/2013,12/21/2013,10,91,,2,2>We had the buffet on a Saturday night ($15 per person; served Friday and Saturday nights only).  The server kindly offered to bring out more fresh naan, even though we were the last to arrive for the night.  While I can't honestly say that everything in the buffet was a home run (for example, some of the veg offerings had flavors that were a bit muted and "home-style" for my liking), the butter chicken alone is probably worth the price.  Probably one of the best butter chicken preparations around.  As well, the rasmalai and kheer were both really good, especially the rasmalai.
<review# 329,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2013,12/20/2013,34,45,,3,2>This place is everything you hope it will be! Amazing lattes (I always walk past Purple Perk and even Phil and Sebastian now to get them) delicious pastries (try the ham and cheese croissant warmed up- amazing!) great service, adorable decor and a perfect locale. It doesn't get better for espresso and baked goods in yyc!
<review# 330,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2013,12/19/2013,47,68,,3,3>I hoped one day I'd get to try their famous bao dishes I've drooled over while watching Jay's videos on YouTube.This food is simple but wondrously full of flavor and it feels good to finish 2 and not feel super fool.I got the lucky pig and the chicken baos - next time I'll get 2 lucky pigs because braised pork is soooo good.I don't know when they'll be open more than just on Thursdays, but today I was lucky because they were here on a Sunday.cheers!
<review# 331,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2013,12/18/2013,149,200,1,7,5>Came here Saturday night to celebrate my birthday with my fiancé. This is my second time here and I liked it much better this time around. The servers were all really friendly and helpful. We ordered the featured soup to start (mushroom) $7 and the house salad $8. I had the chicken and arugula salad (no chicken) and I like how they have a vegetarian option where they decrease the price of the salad since there is no meat on it. All restaurants should do this! My fiancé had the Prime Sirloin $37 and he had them cook it Chicago style which he loved. I believe it is med rare inside and charred on the outside. We had sides of: vegetables, mushrooms and broccoli. All were cooked very nicely. After dinner they brought out a dessert for my birthday. Overall, I will return to this restaurant. The food is tasty and portions are good for the price.
<review# 332,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2013,12/16/2013,33,247,,6,3>When I heard that Mazaya had opened up in the old Narah building, I knew I had to check it out ASAP. I was not disappointed.With a similar feel to the old Narah, Mazaya is a similar style with even better service. Having only had a lemonade and some double apple mint sheesha. Everything about my experience was of the highest quality, but my friend was less impressed with his coffee because he didn't know what to expect. I did not order any food but I will be back soon to try. The very nice waitress informed us that the full menu has not launched yet but it should be available starting Sept. 1.I'll be back very soon and will definitely update after trying the food.
<review# 333,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/7/2013,12/15/2013,53,400,2,4,2>I had a great first experience at Butter Beauty Parlour.  A very fun afternoon of pampering!  I had a gel gloss pedicure and my hair styled.  The pedicure has lasted for almost a month and I'm very happy with it.  I'm pretty particular about how my hair is styled - the stylist did a good job, but I felt put too many products in my hair.  It's very thick, so if it's weighed down with product, the style will fall out...which it did and I had to fix at home.I enjoyed the pedicure so much that I've already booked a spa afternoon with co-workers.  With the 5 pedicure stations and 4 manicure stations, it's a great place to book a girls' day for a birthday party, stagette, or just because!
<review# 334,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2013,12/14/2013,165,224,2,2,3>So after watching Top Chef Canada last night and seeing the fancy-pants dishes the chefs were creating on TV, I realized my homecooked lazy dinner wasn't going to cut it. The bucket of popcorn the fiance and I devoured filled us up a bit, but we definitely needed some proper food.SOME FANCY FOOD.We decided to try Cucina because it was close by and was on our list to try for a while.We arrived around 8:30pm, and they seated us right away because the restaurant wasnt too busy. We told the waitress we werent that hungry, so we ordered just one appetizer and one main dish to share.The appetizer we got was the Vitello Tonnato. Thinly sliced veal drizzled with ttuna confit emulsion and topped with fried crispy capers and arugula. It was steep at $14 for a small portion, but the flavour was there. Everything worked so well together in every bite. The softness of the veal worked well with the crispy capers, and the sharpness of the caper was balanced by the tuna emulsion. Really tasty way to start!For our main, we got the Beef Osso Bucco. Thank GOODNESS we got one to share because this was MASSIVE! Believe me when I say that the size of this beef shank was bigger than my head and there would be NO WAY I could finish that by myself. The beef shank was sitting on a jus and creamy polenta, and was topped with a gremolata. The beef was soft on some parts, and a bit dry in some other parts, but nonetheless it was great when dipped in the jus. Perfect size for two, we finished it and were both comfortably full. The interior of the restaurant was really cool - they got the 'bistro' feel just right. Their attention to detail was also great because they even gave you tiny little spoons to use to scoop out the bone marrow :)Good addition to the food scene in Calgary!
<review# 335,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2013,12/13/2013,86,132,3,4,3>SMASH...iPad hits the sidewalk and then AAAAAGGGGGHHHHH goes the 6 year old. Thankfully iPhix had the parts to fix our shattered iPad screen in stock and they were able to turn it around in record time. They even let my son throw the shattered glass in to the bin in the front of the store that shows how many devices they've fixed. I've recommended iPhix many times based on word of mouth. This was our first experience having to use them for ourselves. I was not disappointed! Great customer service!!!
<review# 336,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2013,12/12/2013,157,283,4,9,5>We wanted to try something new one Monday evening, or OK truth be known I didn't feel like cooking, so we stopped into Inti. Inti, if you didn't know, is named after the Incan Sun God. Lucky for us they just so happen to be serving up a buffet.Excitedly we armed ourselves with a plate and marched to the buffet like good little soldiers preparing for battle. As we ogled all the items, the lovely Consuela, who was refilling the food stations, took the time to explain all the food choices to us. She even brought out some non spicy chicken wings just for the kids. We filled our plates, and rushed back to the table to get started. The prelude to the meal was a Pisco Sour and a Piscojito which hubs and I shared. Both were tasty delights, but the winner for me was the Piscojito, a spin on a Mojito. The food was so diverse and flavourful it's hard to pick favourites but the standouts for me were the Lomo Saltado, Papa a la Huancaina, Consomme de Pollo, Carapulcra, Yuca Frita and the Pollo a la Brasa. And the sauces, heaven help me. I tried and loved every sauce/dip they had with the exception of ranch and the extra extra hot sauce (didn't try those two).Executive Chef and owner Hans Puccinelli developed the recipes in the restaurant and was currently working the front of the house when we arrived for our meal. Friendly, helpful and very interesting to talk to, we enjoyed chatting with him as much as we enjoyed eating the food. This was a great family food experience. Our kids loved it so much they wanted to come back the next day!
<review# 337,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2013,12/11/2013,12,24,,3,2>This is a great place. I like to eat low carb and there were a few great options which is always noteworthy to me. The food was very well prepared...I recommend the beef short rib (although it has a sauce that isn't so low carb if you care) and the winter seasonal beets (with feta, mint, and pine nuts). The service was very good. Our waiter was a sweet Aussie guy but we also had three other guys approach the table to make sure everything was great - and it was!The only negative (which really has nothing to do with Briggs) was parking... Where did one park if the two lots next to it are reserved only, there's no street stalls available, and the other 3 lots are full?! (This is why downtown bugs me)
<review# 338,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2013,12/10/2013,10,64,,4,2>I went here for lunch with a friend today and was relatively pleased with the experience. We made a reservation which is usually a good idea on a Friday at lunch but we didn't need it..... We were the only people there. That made us a little uneasy wondering if there was a reason it was so slow but we couldn't find one.We each had a cocktail and both enjoyed them. I had their version of a Caesar which had a hint of cucumber and though it was an unexpected flavour, it was delicious! We both enjoy trying a selection of things so we shared the Shrimp Ceviche, the Tiger Prawn Tacos and the Chilaquiles. My dining partner had never had ceviche so it was a new experience for her, it was delicious with the right amount of everything. The Prawn tacos were fantastic! Served with a chili oil and big pieces of prawn on corn tortillas they were our favourite dish. When the Chilaquiles arrived I was a little wary because the egg on top was definitely on the runny side and sometimes I don't love that but when it was broken and it ran over the rest of the dish it was delicious. The flavours were spot on and we finished every bite of every dish.The only complaint that I had, and it wasn't a huge issue today, was that after we said we were done it took the server almost 15 minutes to bring us the bill. We were not pressed for time but it seemed excessively long especially since at that time there was only one other table. All in all it was a nice meal. I would definitely like to go for dinner and see what else they have to offer.
<review# 339,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2013,12/9/2013,46,59,,4,3>Han's is outstanding. Chef Han can elevate a humble plate of braised cabbage to a culinary masterpiece. His garlic pork is an explosive, almost sinfully delicious concoction. His spin on kung pao chicken with smokey dried chilies and szechuan peppercorns is a delight; every nibble is mesmerizing. Han's isn't cheap as Chinatown eats go and there is never a buffet (with eight tables, there is simply no room), but it's still great value because the food would be worth it at any price.Please, whatever you order, also get an order of the dry-fried long beans. You will not be sorry.
<review# 340,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2013,12/8/2013,31,136,,8,3>I wrote my initial review after my second of what will be at least 7 visits to Strange World in the journey to getting my first tattoo (6 down, still need a minor touch-up.) but they just keep giving me more great things to say!While this place is still in high demand (which is well deserved) so booking an appointment will still probably be a multi-month venture at best, they're renovating the shop (it's mostly done but there are a few things that give me the impression there's still work to be done) which has added space for their two new artists, which should help reduce the weight slightly.My biggest complaint previously was that poor George, the shop manager, was running double-duty being the shops piercer AND the only person running the reception area which sometimes left customers waiting while she pierced someone. This ALSO appears to have been fixed, as I met another lovely young lady on my last trip who's name escapes me at the moment but was just as friendly and helpful, who seems to only be on desk duty, making sure customers are dealt with in a timely fashion.I also sat in on a session my brother and his girlfriend had with Mike, another of the shops artist (and a guy who was booking well into 2014 back in April, so you know he's got skills) so I can totally vouch for him as well. Both their pieces turned out great, especially considering they couldn't have been more different (a black and gray portrait style of my brothers dog, and a brightly colored custom floral piece for his gf). The fact that he was also super friendly and fun to talk to was also a bonus.I, however, had my piece done by John, who their website describes as a relatively new artist, but you'd never know from looking at his work. At our first meeting, I brought in some very general reference pictures and had to just verbally convey sort of what I had in mind. He not only got everything I was saying perfectly, but added in some of his own touches that helped to fill everything out in such a way that it fit to the space better, yet didn't take anything away from what I wanted. When I went in to see the sketch I was horrified that he may completely miss what I was going for but what he made was head and shoulders above the version I saw in my head.When it came time to actually have it tattooed he was also great to work with, checking in frequently to make sure I was comfortable and felt okay, giving me feedback on how certain parts were working, etc. His station was also right next to the supply room so it was fun to see the reactions from the other artists as they came by to get things as they all seemed to be quite impressed, which also helped put me at ease knowing that the parts that I couldn't see looked alright.I enjoyed working with John so much that I even talked a friend of mine with a rather poor tattoo into giving me a ride to one session, so that I could introduce him to John and have him take a look and see what he could do. Luckily, he had a cancellation in a couple of weeks and got my buddy in. There were some things he couldn't do much about, like some really uneven writing, but it looks at least 10 times better than it did before.I officially don't have anything negative to say anymore, aside from my own nervousness about the shops open concept (I'm a total ink newby and don't know how well I'll take it and am slightly concerned about strangers seeing me break down lol) but that's totally a personal matter and no reflection on them.I can't stress this enough: if you're looking for some ink in Calgary and don't already have allegiance to a certain shop or artist, you owe it to yourself to at least come in and talk to these guys.
<review# 341,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2013,12/7/2013,42,163,1,4,2>I'm twelve years late getting the tattoo fixed I got when I was 19.  Better late than never.  As it had been that long since I got a tattoo, I needed to do some shopping around.I got quotes from about half a dozen different places besides H&S.  Most quoted $250, some had me asking the artists if they were serious ($500) and laughing as I walked out.  Then I came across a fairly new shop close to home.  When I went in the first time, I'm pretty sure I heard Call of Duty being played on the laptop on the back.  This was the first sign that this is my type of place.  Geeks unite! I was quoted $150.  It sounded good, so I went back a short time later to see two ladies as well as Eddy, whom I had originally gotten the quote from.  They were very friendly and enthusiastic.  I took a look at their work and was impressed by what I saw, so I booked an appointment.I forgot how much it can hurt get having a tattoo put on your chest, however it wasn't nearly as painful as the first time.  Eddy was terrific.  He is what the guy that originally did this tattoo should have been : A perfectionist.  I'll put up a picture once it's fully healed (and since my own ego tells me that everybody wants to see my bare chest) Until then, I'm already planning my next visit.  Oh, and a bonus is that it's only a few doors down from my comic book shop.  Getting a tattoo then walking over for some new comics? SCORE!
<review# 342,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2013,12/6/2013,16,76,1,4,3>I want this place to be a 5 pretty bad, but pubs are about service! More on that later.. But now, what does NTNL10 have going for it?The beer selection is truly notable. Between this place and Beer Revolution, you are covered for artisan and unique beers without having to touch Craft. National has all the local brews, as well as a couple obscurities from the east and west coast, Montana, and other states. So far so good on the food! Reasonably priced and large quantities make for great pub fare. After a couple of visits, I have to recommend the small charcuterie plate for $28. Lots of food here, and they'll bring you extra crustinis if you ask. I've been lucky enough to get a pretty awesome spread each time--it's always a little different. Tuesday is $1 oyster night and--fear not--they are pretty good quality. As good as can be expected for Calgary at least. For the price, they are solid and come with two sauces; a mustardy-ginger sauce and a wine based vinagrette type sauce. Both are good. The duck poutine is as you'd expect--crispy, fatty, awesomeness. Very large portion, so the price is justified.The bowling alley is beautiful, but I am told it won't open till October. Spend some time at the foosball table or playing ping pong. But, when it comes to service, you have to be able to hold the fort. Pubs are supposed to be warm and inviting places. Slight disclaimer; I am firmly against this trend we are seeing in Alberta where many pubs transform into pub clubs after 10pm. I have to say that National doesn't quite get to those levels, but the service absolutely thins out as the place fills up. This may be no fault of the servers, and more than likely an issue with management and hiring--a recurring problem on 10th Ave it would seem. Service starts good, but our server would often become impossible to find later in the night. Before it got really busy, our server was very friendly, prompt, and offered suggestions. I'm a pretty low-maintenance customer, but I still like some attendance when I want to keep shelling out money for expensive beers! Lots of potential here, and it's already much better than anything else near by. I sincerely hope to update my review soon with better results. But for now, I'd recommend visiting for an after-work brew and dinner. Take off before it gets crazy!
<review# 343,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/23/2013,12/5/2013,25,81,3,6,5>Love coming here! I have been with my hair stylist since I was 16 and she really knows her stuff. She does amazing cuts and colour and I give her full trust. I seriously just tell her to go do whatever because I know she will not disappoint.I first came to curious when they opened the north hill location. Was so happy when they opened one up in Aspen and my hair stylist moved to that location. Much more convenient! I love the space inside and how modern it is. It's perfect location I always pick up a crave cupcake after I get a cut and colour. I always pop into M&M meat shops and usually cobs bread. The only thing I do not like and that's the Aspen area in general is the parking lot is a gong show. I always park by shoppers and walk it's much easier to get in and out of aspen landing that way.
<review# 344,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2013,12/4/2013,13,68,4,4,4>My favourite pizza joint in Calgary. What makes this place amazing is a combination of their consistent tasting, unique pizzas and the crowd. I'm not usually a fan of busy places, but walking into a restaurant full of people having a sweet time adds to this dining experience.Couples/pairs beware. This restaurant is very popular with couples/pairs on any given night. I went on a Monday at 7pm. As usual, the joint was packed. I went up to the hostess to ask if I had any hope of getting a table for 5. To my pleasant surprise, having a larger party was an advantage. Go figure.Get their Beltline Pizza. A true Canadian twist: double smoked bacon and maple syrup. Your mouth's watering.
<review# 345,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/22/2013,12/3/2013,199,84,4,4,4>This place was fantastic! We had a huge shower taking up 1/2 the bathroom wall with several settings! I love that the pool sauna and hot tub stay open until midnight! And the location is perfect! The bed was super comfortable and the in room coffee was even local, I thought that was such a nice detail. You can also order pillows if you have a preference! The only thing I would say is it can get noisy from the hallways our door had a big gap under it, otherwise it was superb!
<review# 346,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2013,12/2/2013,4,30,2,8,5>Very impressed with the service team at Centaur Subaru, a very honest bunch!So I had taken my car in to Fountain Tire to have the winter tires put on, and was advised I needed my rear brake pads and rotors replaced (see review of Bowness FT).  They had quoted $390 for this service, but I decided to take it into Centaur Subaru to have the service done. After dropping it off to Centaur, I received a call later that morning saying that there was at least 5mm left on both rear brake pads and they "in good conscience couldn't replace them".  I had them inspect the front pads, just in case Fountain Tire had made a mistake, but they were both okay as well.  The service manager took the time to talk to me after about brake pad maintenance, regular inspections, and how long I could expect them to last.  I was very impressed that they didn't just go ahead and do any unnecessary service like most tire or oil change places would have.  It's good to know I can trust them when I do take my car in there.
<review# 347,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/25/2013,12/1/2013,29,29,,4,3>The Jack Singer concert hall is really the most important music venue in Calgary. The complex is a 4 story music hall with a complex array of spaces and outlets in the lobby area to accommodate anyone's needs. The main entrance is wide open 2 level foyer that showcases and frames in your entire experience. Often before a concert, the organizers use this space to present a similar act to whom you have paid to see while you enjoy a glass of wine. The second floor is perfectly situated for private events and key title sponsors. It's truly a perfect event location.Once you actually enter the theatre you are truly treated to an experience. Every single seat on the house is unobstructed and acoustically ideal. The sound in this space is beyond perfect. The last time I attended was to watch Mariza, a Portuguese Fado singer, who actually stopped using the microphones and was able to cast her voice throughout the entire theatre with perfect clarity!I know that Calgary is not known for its theatre and music scene and the hundred year old theatres, but the Jack Singer is one of those top end locations for the attention to the most important of details, the sound and the sightlines. Absolutely bravo to the Jack Singer, I will always say yes when I have the opportunity to spend an evening in this space.
<review# 348,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2013,11/30/2013,78,111,3,5,3>I used to patronize this little bakery at the 104 street Farmers' Market in Edmonton, so I was THRILLED to find out they sold bread here in Calgary too, at one of the natural food stores.So you can imagine my delight when I realized there was also a bakery here. Shrieks and demands to 'stop the car, stop the car!' may have even happened.I ran in, despite the fact they were clearly about to close, and started rummaging through the racks to determine which delicious, delicious bread would be mine. I was hoping to find their AMAZING Mediterranean Sourdough (which I once referred to as 'what the angels get to eat in heaven'), but sadly that is baked on Fridays, not Thursdays. There was some amazing looking apple caramel bread, but since Chuck B is allergic to apples, I decided to be nice and get the multigrain sourdough. And it's amazing! Dense but light tasting, crunchy crust, fluffy inside. It is just the perfect simple bread to put with... well, hopefully everything and anything I have in the house! The price for the breads seems ridiculous at first, but it's actually really worth that much (about $5-7 per loaf). I find that, due to the lack of fillers, Prairie Mills' bread fills you up FAST. So a loaf can literally last me a week. Not only that, it also STAYS fresh that long, especially if you have a bread keeper bag. If you just want something to throw together sandwiches on? Don't bother going here. But if you want a delicious, beautiful, AMAZING bread for a special occasion or spoil-yourself rotten treat? Prairie Mill's got your back.
<review# 349,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/5/2013,11/29/2013,34,185,3,3,4>I scream, you scream, we all scream for ICE CREAM!It was a happy coincidence that it was international ice cream day and MacKay's 65th anniversary when we stopped into Cochrane. There was live music in the town square, face painters and the like entertaining people and kids as they waited in a never ending line into the ice cream shop.We quickly got in line, and were offered a sample of the flavour of the day - SCOTCH! Surprisingly refreshing! After what seemed like an eternity (ok, waiting 15 mins to get ice cream is pure torture people!) we were finally inside. I went with a scoop of cherry custard; my boyfriend had rum raisin and a scoop of pralines and cream. And we got to enjoy our ice cream on a bench in the sunshine :)Honestly I don't think there's ever been a time I've been to MacKay's and it's not busy. The ice cream is just that good! So plan a trip to Cochrane soon, your taste buds will thank you!
<review# 350,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2013,11/28/2013,36,37,3,4,5>Disclaimer: this review is rife with bias. My dear friend has been working here forever, and Connie DeSousa once bought me a taco in Vancouver and I've been smitten ever since.Nevertheless, being as objective as possible, I do actually love this place. Things to love:- mortadella is made inside a deboned pig head. That's pig stuffed inside of a pig's face. It's on one hand a perverted abomination against nature, and on the other hand a delicious delight.- potatoes are deep fried in duck fat.- they're usually trying to switch things up (food, drinks, desserts) and to keep in tune with what's in season- charcut's been sewing itself deeper into the fabric of the Calgary community which I think is super cool
<review# 351,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2013,11/27/2013,11,36,3,3,3>Wow my taste buds are blown away! This place is awesome. There is limited seating but gives a more intimate setting. But definitely a bit on the hipster side. The staff was very friendly upon our arrival.We started off with the pretzel bitz which come with their homemade mustard. A nice surprise to taste some horseradish in there so tasty!!We then shared the Mac 'n cheese and the beef dip. I've never had a more scrumptious beef dip then the one at taste. I highly recommend it to everyone. The Mac 'n cheese was also mouth-watering with a generous amount if bread crumbs on top and a very creamy cheese sauce. Just go your taste buds will thank you!
<review# 352,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/13/2013,11/23/2013,35,291,,4,2>An uptown Italian restaurant with a focus on shareable dishes, and a great reputation.  4.5 stars though... really? People must be eating at a lot of bad Italian places if this is so far off the norm.  I'd give them 3.5 stars based on quality to price ratio.  That is to say, the quality is good, but the price more than commensurately so...so if you have lots of cash burning a hole in your pocket, I recommend it.  Here you will find an array of appetizers, a few pastas, and meat/starch/salad combos, but also daily specials such as (the night we were there) chicken leg and barley risotto. I can't complain on the quality of the food, the meat was good and the greens popping with fresh citrus, and my wife was a fan of the barley risotto. BUT there is a portion problem: while the mains are billed as "shareable", and come in (stylish) serving dishes, are you really supposed to share one chicken leg?  Is a chicken leg so expensive that you couldn't throw in another one at ~$20/plate?  This is the kind of place where most people will have more than one course and/or drinks with dinner (I must note that I thoroughly enjoyed my cocktail), so giving a little more value on the main would be appreciated. As I said, this is the kind of place you can come with trendy friends and have multiple courses and/or drinks (it is very easy to spend $50-60/person). The service is very professional, and the large room and patio of hard surfaces such as tiles and wood beams are broken up to just so to have a lively (loud) atmosphere without feeling like you're in a cafeteria.  The service and room combo therefore make Borgo also amenable to romantic yet unsleepy dinner dates. Despite this, there are enough non-Americanized Italian restaurants in Calgary now that you don't automatically get 4 stars just for being different.  If you're looking for a lively atmosphere and classy service, come here.  If you're looking for somewhere cozy, or a place to go regularly for affordable portions, this isn't the best match.
<review# 353,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2013,11/22/2013,115,261,,7,4>We had a fantastic experience dining at Rouge last Saturday night. It was the first time for my fiance and I, so we requested the best table available and decided to splurge on the Food & Wine pairing. So glad we did!!Our waitress was friendly and attentive from the get go. She seated us at a beautiful table in front of the window upstairs, and I loved feeling a little spooked due to the ghost stories and sightings here. The trips to the bathroom were interesting, as that's where most sightings have occurred! The atmosphere is very mellow, in fact we were among the first to arrive for their dinner service and the silence was eerie - it did get busier throughout the night but overall I appreciated the lack of noise.We were given ample time to peruse the menu, and decided to order cocktails to start. I trusted her to bring me something delicious, and she did not disappoint! From what I can remember, it was a martini of vodka, elderflower, and fruit juices. Very refreshing and delicious! Josh had a stout which he really enjoyed. Once we were through with the cocktails we started with our first course. Normally I would take photos of each but I was way too excited to dive in! The amuse bouche was a beef tartare, which scared Josh a little, but he ended up loving it - it was delicious. Throughout the evening we dined on foie gras, duck, rabbit, beef tenderloin, and more. By the end of it (as per usual with wine pairings), I was a little drunk, but we devoured every bite and savoured all of the delicious flavours. It was Josh's first pairing, and we loved how the flavours of the food were complimented so well by the different kinds of wine. At the end, our server gave us a sheet listing everything we had, which was great.I really liked that our server engaged us (without the annoying small talk you usually get) but still managed to give us privacy and ample time between courses to let our food settle. We didn't feel rushed at all, in fact we were there for over 3 hours! It was such a lovely treat to have that time to spend together, and super romantic. One of my favourite dates we've had - in fact, over a week later we're still talking about it - and salivating over the beef tenderloin course (SO GOOD!).In closing, the service and food here is incredible, not to mention the charm and character of this historic building. It's definitely not cheap, but you get what you pay for. I wouldn't hesitate to return here for a special occasion!
<review# 354,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/5/2013,11/21/2013,30,54,,4,1>I had a fantastic lunch here with a couple friends the other day.I ordered a Poached Pear & Walnut Salad that was really quite good. There was more dressing mixed in with the salad than I usually prefer, but as it turns out, the dressing was really very tasty, I couldn't get enough. For $12 the salad was enough for lunch (although if you have a big appetite, grab an appetizer too).The menu is varied enough, with many healthy choices and many great looking pastas, pizzas, and sandwiches. And desserts. And actually, although we didn't pay much attention to it at lunch, the wine menu was quite long. The service was great (some of the staff seemed new, but they made no mistakes--they compensated by providing better than expected service). We were in and out quite quickly.There are many tables, for large and small parties. And I love the giant windows: floor to ceiling--and the ceiling is very hight. This makes Mimi's feel very spacious, although as a previous reviewer mentioned it might contribute to unfortunate acoustics when the place is busy (for lunch it was no problem).My only complaint was the ridiculously long list of "specials". It took a whole minute (or more?) for our server to read the list of specials, which I promptly ignored. Everything else about Mimi's was great. Actually, I'm craving that Poached Pear & Walnut Salad right now, two days later.
<review# 355,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2013,11/20/2013,95,304,2,7,4>A breakfast spot that has a REASONABLE wait in Calgary? Yeah, this is it. And it's also just as good as other places like OEB, Dairy Lane, Diner Deluxe, etc. I mean... it's breakfast. You can fancy it up with some fish or herbs, but really, most people are coming for the bacon and eggs. So... less trendy the better, and the less busy, the better. But the quality is good here and I would come back over any of those other breakfast places in a second. I had the steak and eggs, the eggs were ordered poached medium and thats exactly how it came out. Unfortunately, the steak, ordered rare, somehow came half rare and half well (and I mean COMPLETELY cooked brown throughout) done. I'm not quite sure how that happened... but the rare half tasted good. I also asked for fruit in substitute for toast, and they brought out about 8 gorgeously red and large strawberries, at no additional charge. Potatoes came out crisp, and the omelettes looked delightful. Prices were very reasonable. Service was friendly, my water NEVER was empty, and our food came out quickly. For the lunch portion, they have pho and some other Vietnamese goodies, I would love to come back and try.
<review# 356,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2013,11/19/2013,189,1517,,3,2>A burger served on a bus?! These guys have been doing the food truck thing long before food trucks were even a thing. While Rocky's may not move around like food trucks do, you can still appreciate the tight space they're trying to work in.Rocky's has been around for as long as I can remember. Growing up in the city I've driven past countless times but it wasn't until a few weeks ago that I gave them a try. I've been missing out all these years.The patty is huge. If you stop here at the beginning of the lunch rush you can see the grill loaded up with the thick pucks of chuck. Their fries are also worth mentioning. Nice and crispy. The only thing I would skip are the onion rings. They are probably just using frozen rings as they don't seem to be anything special.They make everything to order so once you place your order expect to wait a couple of minutes.
<review# 357,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2013,11/18/2013,25,76,2,3,2>Five (5) bells for Stumptown coffee....If you have not stopped by for this Portland import - YOU ARE MISSING OUT. Amongst the recent throng of coffee shops in Bridgeland, this one is taking the cake. The lattes are amazing. The beans to take home smell like heaven. Stop by and try one immediately. Seriously god coffee. Also check out some of the cool items on the shelves upon entry...interesting...
<review# 358,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2013,11/17/2013,16,73,2,7,2>After a long hiatus because of the flooding at Prince's Island, my husband and I came here to attend a friend's wedding and dinner reception this past weekend.   We (and all the other guests) were greeted warmly by four servers at the door who were offering glasses of homemade lemonade and wine.       After the wedding ceremony on the patio, there was a raw oyster bar set up on the patio (which was not really my thing) and a huge fish and game board (bison prosciutto, pate, buffalo mozzarella, smoked trout, flatbreads).  The servers were also offering the guests wild boar meatball and gougere sliders (the boar was sooo juicy!), sausage with peach skewers (great combination), and halibut croquettes (flavorful with just the right amount of crunch).   Heirloom roasted tomato soup:  sweet and just the right temperature when it arrived at our table of ten.My salad was lightly seasoned and very tasty.  The crunch from the homemade cracker was a good contrast to the leafy greens.The seared Haida halibut with beets, corn, shaved fennel and chanterelles in a white bean puree was cooked to perfection.  The halibut was melting in your mouth and the vegetables and mushrooms complemented the fish perfectly.The panna cotta was amazingly light and the sliced plums, chocolate bark and oatmeal (unusual garnish, but it worked) on top was a perfect match.  We were extremely impressed with how the kitchen staff and the servers performed before, during, and after service (there were around 75 guests). The kitchen even went out of their way to create a vegetarian appetizer and main course for a guest who was sitting at our table.Our servers were attentive enough to describe each course as it came to our table and also took the time to check on how we liked our main courses.  Our wine and water glasses were constantly being filled and we were also promptly given coffee and/or tea after dessert.River Cafe, you are better than ever before!
<review# 359,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2013,11/16/2013,32,203,,4,5>Finally, I got to go and try Ox & Angela. It has been on my "to try" list for months and I have to say I have been building it up to have quite a reputation due to all the reviews. We decided to go for a leisure lunch on a Friday afternoon after watching the POW parade and doing some shopping in downtown/17th ave area. I liked the space and thought it was very well lit with natural light.Now, on to the menu....I love the idea of a bunch of tapas for meals (it's my favorite) so I was really excited for this experience. We ordered the Stuffed Dates, Chorizo, Prawns, we ordered the Pan Con Tomate but were served just the grilled bread instead (I was kind of disappointed by this) The dates were super delish and came out right away with our glasses of wine... to follow was the prawns which I have to say were a bit disappointing - I found them to be very small and tasted a bit fishy. The bread was nice and light and I found the chorizo to be full of flavour but a bit greasy. The service was really good and I would love to come back and try more tapas!
<review# 360,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2013,11/15/2013,45,205,2,4,4>Absolutely delicious!! Fresh sushi, creative rolls, and super friendly service. Try the miso soup with the salmon dumplings. The miso is not too salty and the dumplings are melt in your mouth. They also have a fresh seaweed salad, which is a mix of sweet and crunchy, and a really cool Japanese soda that's a mix between cream soda and sprite, but on the less sweet side. Comes in a neat bottle that they will show you how to use. Yes, the bottle requires instructions.
<review# 361,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2013,11/14/2013,48,110,,7,2>Ever since I found this store, I haven't bought clothes anywhere else. I am not an avid shopper, but In a span of six months, I must have bought at least twelve dresses, five tops, one sweater, a fastener and two scarves. The selection is great and the prices are so reasonable. When the sales hit, the prices are downright cheap. It's a bonus when I buy something on sale, but I've missed out on some items because clothes sells out quickly. I drop by bi-monthly, and there are always new dresses and tops. Smittens sells my favourite clothing line, Simpli. The material is made of durable, anti wrinkle material that is hand washable. As well, a lot of the Sympli line comes into the store in the colour black, but I can special order the item in pretty much any colour I want. The only problem is I have to wait about 4-6 weeks for it to arrive. FYI - the Sympli line never goes on sale.I love the owner, Rory, and my favourite sales associate, Judy. Judy is excellent at finding outfits that flatter your body type. Both will let me look at their catalog and tell them what I like. In some cases, they will bring in a piece that I'm interested to try on in the store, with no pressure to buy. Sign up for updates and you will be sent invites to private parties and sales.
<review# 362,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/4/2013,11/13/2013,85,210,3,8,3>I like Globalfest - while my first experience wasn't awesome, I'm getting better at the whole thing.The fireworks are always awesome. We saw the finale this year and it was amazing. I love the new fireworks they come out with, along with the old standbys. Always a winner with me.I wish Globalfest would have better speakers towards the 17 Ave SE side - we couldn't hear any of the speeches and the music was pretty quiet. Also, the beer selection was a little weak. Would recommend some great Alberta microbrews for next year - we have a tonne!My tips: 1. Bring something to sit on - I didn't the first year, and it was cold. Luckily, one of the volunteers with a cart let me sit on that when the fireworks started, but don't forget a blanket or chair!2. Bring something warm - see my cold comment above. Once the sun sets, it gets cold. It's Calgary - I know this. But yet I wasn't prepared!3. Bring friends - it's more fun with people. This year I was with my family and boyfriend. Last year just the two of us. 4. Bring cash - the ATM line-up is by far the longest one. Take out cash before you get here.5. Take the shuttle from Marlborough - parking is a mess. Even if you can find a spot that isn't going to get you ticketed, getting out afterward, and having to walk all the way to your car, is a disaster. The shuttles from Marlborough cost $6 round-trip and are really fast. Totally worth avoiding the hassle.
<review# 363,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2013,11/12/2013,93,149,2,3,3>I am starting to think I have a pizza problem.The problem is that I can't stop eating it.I was introduced to Lorenzo's Pizzeria at the July Yelper's party, where I couldn't stop exclaiming over how good the piece of pizza I was jamming into my mouth was. I promptly grabbed their menu and vowed to visit the hub of this magnificent pizza glory.I have now been twice to Lorenzo's, they have quite a large space, so if you wanted to eat in you have the option. Theodore took my order over the phone the first time and we started making Wedding Singer references (Julia Gulia). He was very friendly both times I have been in and makes a heck of a good pizza.Nice crust, crispy on the outside, soft on the inside. The pizza is covered in ample toppings. I would recommend the prosciutto pizza, where each slice has a full strip of meat and complemented with Gorgonzola cheese. Also the Funghi pizza is excellent, mushrooms AND a full strip of prosciutto on each slice. I will be trying more of their delicious pizza creations.They also are open all the time and quite late, so if you need a delicious pizza pie, I would recommend Lorenzos!
<review# 364,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2013,11/11/2013,100,342,2,3,2>This would have been a 5 star, except the price. Wow, is it ever expensive there. The hubs and I came here as we wanted to check out a new sushi place. And we figured being downtown Saturday afternoon it wouldn't that busy. Which it wasn't. The sushi was fantastic. Nice thick white lines in the salmon and the miso soup has mushrooms it in. It was sooo good!!!Great service, not busy, no crazy lines like some places. Parking can be a nightmare due to area, but that is ok.
<review# 365,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2013,11/9/2013,57,118,2,6,5>It was time for a Wednesday night ladies' night and we needed to decide on a place, so we turned to our food  guru, Christine.  Christine chose double zero because she mentioned there was happy hour from 3-6pm daily from Monday to Friday.  Happy hour consisted of $5 selected house wines, bar snacks, draught and bottled beer.  Christine and Jaime met up around 5pm and I was running late so I arrived closer to 6.  Normally, looking for a parking spot down in the core is pretty difficult but I got lucky as I found a spot right across the street from 00.  I walked down the set of stairs to meet up with my girlfriends who were sitting at a table in front of the bar.  Double zero is a place you hit up after a long day of work to let loose, shoot the shit and have a couple beers, or ....a couple glasses of Prosecco for us ladies.  Since I arrived later, Christine and Jaime shared some starters and ordered some $5 Prosecco.  Thankfully I didn't miss happy hour as Christine ordered some '00' meat balls and a glass of Prosecco.  We then ordered a mushroom pizza to share.  I found the mushroom pizza didn't have enough toppings for my liking, although it tasted great...I was wanting more cheese and mushrooms and less crust!!  The Canella, Prosecco di Conegliano Superiore was sweet and bubbly...just the way I like it!  Lastly, anybody that knows me, knows that I have the biggest sweet tooth so I decided to order the chocolate torta which was chocolate mousse, raspberry, hazelnut praline.  I found it very rich, silky smooth and tasty.  Gahhh I love sweets!!!  It was pretty much divine. Overall, the service was wonderful and very attentive, ensuring that we were enjoying everything and everything was indeed great!!  I would definitely recommend  double zero if you like $5 snacks and prosecco! :)
<review# 366,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/27/2013,11/8/2013,40,48,,5,3>I definitely enjoy this place! It's interior is contemporary and the staff is friendly and efficient. I have only been here twice, but both times it has been a treat. Yesterday we had ordered about 8 dishes and they were all delicious! It literally only took about 5 minutes for them to start showing up at our table and I was so glad for that considering how hungry I was. Everything tasted very fresh and I recommend you order the spicy tuna sashimi to start. It's amazing for those that love texture. It included the tuna, cherry tomatoes, a little bit of lettuce, slices of apples and little wonton crunches (or was it tempura) to put overtop the spicy sauce. Mmm. If you are ever in the area, check it out!
<review# 367,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2013,11/7/2013,194,334,2,8,5>I had a party at my house for approximately 15 people, and was digging around for a caterer that was available on relatively short notice in the month of July (silly me).  When I was asking around, I had a few people recommend Red Tree Catering to me, so I figured that I was in good hands by checking them out.When I walked in, everything looked good and the location is quaint and small.  There was a gal behind the counter that was extremely helpful.  She helped my mom and I choose the appetizers and even allowed us to sample a few of her recommendations, which sealed the deal on everything we picked.We didn't hire them to come to my house and run the event, but simply to prepare the food in advance for us to pick up the day before.  There are a few very key things that impressed me about this caterer that I would like to share for anyone hiring them the way we did (go in, pick the menu, pick it up the day of the event type deal).There are a few key things that really impressed me about Red Tree Catering:- The hours were flexible enough that I could get everything done outside of office hours, including the pick up on Friday night (I was able to come there at 6 p.m., which did not impact my work day).- As mentioned before, the gal behind the counter was EXTREMELY helpful and allowed us to try samples.  She also asked lots of questions abourt the guests that were going to be there and helped me choose items- When I picked up the order, it was EXTREMELY well packed for transport and storage in my refrigerator (since I don't have a deli counter fridge at home). :)  I had no problem getting a relatively large order into my fridge in its original containers from the caterer.- Some of the items that we ordered required assembly. Instructions in and on boxes were EXTREMELY clear about what chutney went with which appetizer, etc.  It was very straightforward to put it together without guessing which sauce went with what meat.- I had a minor freak out moment the day before the event and called them to ask if they thought I had enough food for 15 people.  Rather than overselling me, they went through the order with me and assured me that I had more than enough food, and they were right. The important part of this story is that the food was OUTSTANDING.  This is a fancier caterer, so you wouldn't necessarily come here for sandwich trays, if you know what I mean.  It is gourmet food and it delivers unique flavours and high-end ingredients.I saw a few comments on here about how overpriced some people felt it was.  I am not a person with an unlimited budget, but for us, for 15 people we were weighing whether to make a reservation and go out to dinner at someplace nice, like The Ranche or Open Range, versus catering a wide variety of high end appetizers and having a nosh-fest.  for 15 people, our bill came to $700, so that works out to approximately $46 a person and honestly it fed the party amply, and also gave us some amazing leftovers for the rest of the weekend.  I am pretty confident by the time I got appetizers, meals and desserts, I wouldn't have got out of the restaurant at $46 a head, and we grazed all afternoon.  For our audience, it made sense.  I will also say that i checked out two other gourmet caterers.  One competitor was in the same price point ($18-$30 per dozen, depending on item), and the other was MUCH more expensive (a dozen lamb kabobs were $65 per dozen).  In my opinion, Red Tree may be a pricier option if you compare many caterers across the city with varied menu, but when I compared gourmet caterers with fancier fare, I was thrilled with what we paid, and for how much we got.
<review# 368,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2013,11/6/2013,429,445,6,8,9>While I've only had drinks here, I was impressed at the level of service at Roosevelt. Maybe they've taken the criticism here to heart, because our waitress was stellar. The clientele on a Sunday on the patio was... well... brotastic, but the ambiance was warm and their Godfathers were on point. Also, I loved that the sous-chef came out and elbow-bumped our group of gaping Burger Week maws. Minus one star because you don't take debit. Sorry, I'm not sorry, it's all I carry! I'll come back some day though, and try out the sandwich Corey was raving about.
<review# 369,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/21/2013,11/5/2013,5,22,,3,1>They got me with the tuna loin sandwich. It was cooked PERFECTLY, most places tend to over cook it and it just ruins the dish... They have a wide selection of wines for all tastes, even for me that love the soft, sweet, fruity reds. It can get super loud in there on weekend nights and sometimes there is a wait to get a table, but I guess that is expected at any good restaurant on 17th.
<review# 370,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2013,11/4/2013,15,45,,2,1>Yummerific. Great food + great atmosphere + great service = an convert?I've never had sushi this good before. That said, I've never paid this much for sushi before either. The server was knowledgable about the choices on the menu, and was able to make some perfect suggestions for one in our party who was a little more conservative (read steak and potatoes sort of girl.). After an enjoyable meal, we were treated to a chipotle after-dinner chocolate creation in a little origami box. Nice touch.
<review# 371,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/22/2013,11/3/2013,17,31,,2,2>Carnivore? Vegetarian? Vegan? Somewhere in the middle? It doesn't matter, everyone should try Buddha's Veggie Restaurant! I've been doing 'Meatless Monday' for a while now as a way to expand my comfort zone by trying some new food and recipes, lessen my environmental footprint and the health benefits are obviously a nice perk. So this Monday, a quick Yelp search for vegetarian restaurants lead me to Buddha's and it did not disappoint! You have the choice of ordering either from a meat or a vegetarian menu, both of which spoil you with choice. It is very much a fusion restaurant, serving dishes inspired by Thailand, Malaysia, Szechuan, Peking and more! We decided on the Menu For Two, which included the following dishes:-Tofu cream corn soup... it was delicious.-Water chestnut soy roll... it had an almost sausage-like texture, also delicious.-Veggie ginger 'beef'.... OMG this one blew me away. Delicious! -Stir fried mixed vegetables... exactly as the name describes, and delicious.-Steamed rice... enough said.Now before I make this restaurant sound too much as a hippie's delight, I should put it out there that I am not generally a soy / tofu eater. But this meal made me forget I was eating vegetarian and was a delight to my taste buds. And if you prefer to stay away from 'fake' meat and eat veggies instead, there are lots of options for that as well. As a bonus, they even highlight gluten free options on their menu as well! The food blew me away, but the only thing keeping this review from being 5 stars was the atmosphere which could be a bit more unique. This certainly didn't impact our food experience, but atmosphere plays into the overall dining experience. I'll end by saying that I'll be back... and not just on Meatless Mondays!--L
<review# 372,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2013,11/2/2013,22,201,,3,2>I kinda stalked chopped leaf while they were building as the concept really spoke to me.   Healthy food on a chef designed menu which took flavor profiles into consideration so it feels like a real treat.  Their moto is even "feel good after you eat"  Yes please!   Best part?  Vegan and gluten free conscious - not tolerant with an item or two - it's basically catering to them without alienating all the regular folks.  Amazing.  I was telling my sister in grand prairie about the place and I found out she already had one - what!?  What took so long Calgary ... seriously!My love goes on for this place.  First off,  they go organic and local wherever possible without crossing the line into the insane costs putting the price point into unattainable except for some people or on some occasions.  So far they are doing a good job because I'm loving their price point.  It's an "every day" price point pretty much if that's what you'd consider a place like McDonalds.   It's a definite alternative to cooking (many items couldn't be cooked at home that cheaply with fresh ingredients)  without sacrifice to health.  You do need to be careful though,  sometimes the calorie info is a shocker like the full bowls.  They are fiance's favorites but they have a lot of fat and that makes the calories rise quickly.  The space is casual but classy.  The staff and owners are very welcoming and nice.  You order at the till and then the food is delivered to your table in china bowls like sit down place.   You can also do take out and or catering. My favorites are the bowls (but there is a lot of eating, and the fat is high),  the salad rolls (they use basil and they are so fresh tasting), and the soups.  I love that there is a vegan soup each day and then one more (and it's often vegetarian too...).   The grilled tofu can be added to any meal and I find it actually tastes like smoked gouda in some ways.   I've even ordered this on the side and eaten it plain (I would rarely do that with tofu).   The only food complaints are a general dislike of the chopped shakes but they are a nifty idea.  I've also made up some rather gross wraps for myself but I think that was me choosing things that don't work well together. Chopped water here is interesting.  They let fruit infuse into their water (a special combo each day) and you get a subtle kick to your water.  It's $1.50 or for $16 you can get a refillable cup that's got free refills for life.  You still have to remember the cup... and we've already broken one but I still think it comes out ahead so far and more so if you consider the lack of wasted cups.   They also have a membership program - spend $150 over time and get $10.   It certainly helps if they manage to convert you here. At the moment my only criticism is the hours.   They were only open until 7pm (although I noticed they bumped Thurs/Fri to 8 recently).   I'm hoping for a bit longer hours but one of the owners promised it would come with time as they establish better.
<review# 373,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2013,11/1/2013,16,68,,12,4>Let me tell you all the cons: Small seating areaWaited 25 minutes for orderDicey parking (17th ave)I've had cheaper crepes STILL 5 stars because the crepes were superb and the homemade gelato rocked with over 20 flavors to choose from. The serving size is generous- even the one scoop of gelato
<review# 374,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/23/2013,10/31/2013,1,3,,3,3>I've never had such quick service in my life!!!! The restaurant is always busy and I was pleasantly surprised by how fast we got our food, from arriving to ordering, I'd say 7 minutes. Now that's fast especially in Calgary! Spring rolls were fresh and hot, beef pho was spicy (love spicy). I ordered the regular and the portion size was enough for two people! Condiments on the table were clean, sometimes at Vietnamese restaurants they tend to overlook making the sauces on the table presentable.When you go up to the counter to pay, the waitress had no problem splitting the bill and she even offered to split the cost of the appetizer for us. I have no problem giving a super great tip when restaurants are all about giving above and beyond service. Food is cheap as borscht, but quality is fantastic!!! I'd be back in a heartbeat!
<review# 375,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2013,10/30/2013,570,213,,3,3>The Roasterie marches to the beat of its own drum, and you will love them for it! Or, well... you won't.Me? I hands down LOVE this coffee shop. From their superb espresso, and the smell of fresh in-house roasted beans, all the way to the clutter of antique coffee grinders and somewhat, dare I say, "dive-y" feel.  it's all character, and it's all great!There is a strong sense of community at the Roasterie, with local art and event postings on the walls, and a set of very colourful regulars as diverse as Kensington itself. The staff are always welcoming, happy to chat, and do their best to make you feel part of it.Order something from the Salvador Dali chalk board, read a book, meet someone new to talk to, and grab a bag of beans to go. In my opinion, it's the way a coffee shop should be.
<review# 376,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2013,10/29/2013,12,81,,3,3>Indian food always offers some excellent vegan options, and Saffron had three on the warmer tonight. Something something with eggplant, something with chickpeas, and something something mixed vegetables. My two vegetarian entrees combo came with about a cup of white rice, a slab of naan bread, and cost about $12. The food was great. The servers were pleasant and they knew where to steer me. If I ordered ahead from their menu I could get more custom options than their daily buffet, but they change the specials every day and I like rolling the dice.
<review# 377,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2013,10/28/2013,138,614,3,5,4>Friendly Mexican-style service and great stuff on the shelves and in the freezers!Lots of variety, so much choice and not just with Mexican goodies but also hard to find South American products as well from Venezuela (ex. Colita - my husband's beloved pop, kinda tastes like cream soda).We bought quite a bit of stuff and once home I found that a packet of cookies that we bought had expired 4 months ago. Oh well, they won't kill us and my fault for not checking the date myself at the store - I was just too excited!The place is clean and on the larger scale of Latin market shops.TIP - buy some of their homemade queso blanco - soo good! (firm, white, Spanish style cheese! YUM! And I am not even a normal lover of cheese! Note: they do not sell plantains here if you happen to be looking for those (as we were).Also, note that they close at 4pm on Saturdays - we made it with only 5 minutes to spare!Will come back for sure when in this area of town!Oh and 3 words DULCE DE LECHE! Get this too = best caramel spread ever!
<review# 378,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2013,10/27/2013,190,342,2,4,3>Had breakfast here after stumbling upon it by accident.How could I have not been here before?!?!?!I LOOOOOVE cute Frenchy cafe/bistro types.Love that it's in an old house.it was a lovely Saturday morning and we sat on the "porch"/"patio with morning rays shining down... ahhh, I was in heaven.I had the procuitto eggs benedict and it was yum, the potato/hash was super delicious too - crispy on the outside.. yumm!  accompanied with a mimosa, another happy day :)
<review# 379,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2013,10/24/2013,130,261,4,5,4>I recall walking by Oak Tree Tavern oncewhile in Kensington, and thinking it was an adorable name for a pub and it was something that I would name my own pub and there and the inside would be akin to the setting of Fantastic Mr. Fox and there would be acorns. Upon going home and looking up their menu, I noticed several items clearly marked vegan. This included a veggie burger, chili and subsequent chill fries, yummy, salads, etc. I tried the veggie burger on my first visit, and paired it with a pint of Village Blonde. It was pretty yummy, but my friend remarked her fries tasted like they'd been put through the deep-fryer a couple times which doesn't sound too appealing to me. The next time I visited Village was I believe on a Tuesday, where I watched live music and caught up with a friend. Very cozy when used as a venue, and hoping to try out one of their Movie Mondays soon. Last time I visited though, I was a little disappointed to see they'd removed some items off the menu, namely the vegan chilli. FIRST WILD ROSE, NOW YOU GUYS?!?!? I didn't even get to try their chilli to be honest, so it could have been awful and they could have been doing me a favour. However, I am bummed that the menu is now a little more limited to us herbivores. I will continue to visit the Oak Tree and cross my fingers for more nomz I can eat in the future, because who doesn't like nomming down on vegan pub food once in awhile after a long day, or enjoying a cider on the patio?! Oh. Also, I have never experienced anything but pleasant service. The servers are always super friendly (though once when it was busy we kind of found our own nook to sit, just like I have at many pubs) and always engage in conversation. I will talk anyone's ear off about the purse I bought on ModCloth if they ask, so I'm glad they are tolerant. :)
<review# 380,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2013,10/23/2013,266,478,9,5,6>DEAR MEN. How do you know when you've grown up? When you're mid conversation with a pretty girl (age approx. 19-22) nursing a cranberry vodka and giving you MAD attitude over your socks and sandals combo. Obviously this girl isn't MOM-approved so you haughtily exit the conversation with "EXSQUEEZE ME, these crocs were courtesy of Winners. Buzz off, I have a mortgage. Talk to me when your net worth isn't in the red."Bro, way to bail on that drink you (may/may not) have promised her. Because a MAN has to stick to a budget. And for all my FISCALLY responsible brothers out there, this review is for you. You deserve your share of this world's protein for a great price.And Illichmanns is where you get it.I almost walked by this shop because it looked like a grim motorcycle shop on the outside. Only the tiny sign that said "sausages" caught my eye and I decided to walk in.Illichmanns' aisles are filled with european fares. Sauerkraut to mustard, they have enough to fill that recipe list you have for your special German/Austrian dinner party.But my focus was strictly on picking up meat. After all I am doing my weekly food shopping and have to space out my meals for the week. Now I'm not good with gauging things by weight. I've often been used to buying spolumbos by half pound and having my $20 budget on meat eaten up by 4-5 links of sausages. The best I could do was my compartmentalized trips to Costco to score wholesale meats, but there weren't nearly as good as your deli/butcher style sources and are often packed with preservatives.When I asked for half a kilo I was worried I would be only getting a small amount. WRONG! I got enough meat the size of half my forearm. I was happy, oh boy I was happy.Their chorizos are amazing. These meaty links are wonderfully spiced and a great freezer meat staple. I've already used up the kilo of chorizo's (all under $15) to kick up meals for myself and guests. Nothing wins over a room like pizza chorizo. PIZZA RIZO!I can't wait to try their Bavarian sausages. I might just even cook this for a very special person...MYSELF.Now if you'll excuse me, I'm off to sort my penny and dime jar and count the hairs on my chest.A kilo of meat for anything under $15 deserves it's fives stars.
<review# 381,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2013,10/22/2013,14,61,3,6,3>My original intent the first time I went in here was to get some stuff to re-fashion. The items in Better On You are not the cheap type for re-fashioning, a la Value Village. It's more upscale than that, and everything is ready to wear.I love me some Better On You. I don't do vintage very well, so I am always thrilled to find a non-vintage consignment shop. There is a high proportion of stuff with the tags still on, and a lot of designer stuff too. Sometimes they have tag sales, and over the long weekend (like right now!) they have a 25% off everything sale.They don't carry crap. So no Old Navy or Garage garbage. All good stuff! They have a check-in deal as well, so keep your eyes peeled for that, Yelpers!The sales associates are always polite and helpful. Most importantly, they wait for an appropriate amount of time before asking if you need help, and if you don't need any help they leave you the eff alone. If you want to strike up a conversation, they're good for that too! They get to know their regular customers by name, and will let you know if there is something new in that you may like. If you have something specific in mind, they will let you know if they've had anything like that come in lately.I get most of my work clothes here (I hate overpaying for blouses in retail. It's a crime, I tell ya!), and some Stampede stuff as well. If my fella needs shirts I'll get them from here too. It's not just Better On You; it's better on your wallet and on the Earth!
<review# 382,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2013,10/21/2013,40,81,3,3,4>For some reason I thought I had already reviewed this place and after my recent experience I needed to update my review.  Well, it turns out I did not actually review it the first time.  I've decided to use phrases that I heard constantly on my report cards as I was growing up.My original visit was not so great.  The service was really blah and despite us ordering a shit ton of alcohol (I know, I know, a common theme in my reviews, I swear I don't have a problem), the server was not at all attentive.  Overall, I could sum up my original experience as a report card: Fails to reach it's full potential.Cue up my most recent visit which took place at 4.15pm on a Thursday under the advice of my friend who said I would LOVE the deals.  (I really really like a deal!)  Pizza - $5Wine - $5The pizza was freakin' amazing and the WINE WAS $5!  Report card review: Solid improvement.  Now, I have a problem.  The pizza was so amazing that I can't stop thinking about it.  I almost stopped there today by myself and paid full price to drink wine and eat pizza on my own.  Report card review on my obvious pizza/wine issues: Heather tends to focus on one thing to the exclusion of getting her work done.  Bottom line - Give them a try during Happy Hour (M-F, 3-5pm) where pizzas are $5 and WINE IS $5.  If you like it, perhaps I'll see you there soon as we both order pizza and wine by ourselves.
<review# 383,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2013,10/20/2013,12,33,1,4,3>Having worked in and around the Foothills Hospital for the past few years, this place has been a total godsend. It's located at the entrance of the Women's Health Building just next to the bus drop-off and serves the best drip coffee on campus, hands down. They also offer a variety of baked goods and sandwiches + ethnic comfort foods like falafel, donairs, samosa, curry, Jamaican pies. Their soups are basic but flavourful. The only time I've been disappointed with Cravings is when I've ordered toast and peanut butter. I'm a big PB fan and they spread the thinnest of layers on the toast (no pats of PB offered here).Cash only. (There's an ATM just down the hall).
<review# 384,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2013,10/19/2013,63,47,,8,1>My cousin was worried his bike would be on hiatus for awhile so he and I went to The old motorcycle shop needing some major work done on his bike before the Canada Day long weekend. Seeing as we were in a hurry to get on the road, the owner, Phil, ensured us he would do his best to get my cousin's bike into the shop and running tip top. What I really appreciated is that the people at this shop were truly genuine and cared about the quality of what they were doing.A few hours later, to our surprise, we were on the road the same day we put my cousin's bike in and it literally saved our weekend. My cousin was real glad to have found a motorcycle shop that was as efficient as this one. And my long weekend was filled with riding in the back of my cousin's bike, lots of sun, and one too many beers, who's to complain? I would definitely recommend this place for your motorcycle needs.
<review# 385,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2013,10/18/2013,5,12,,2,2>Excellent satay Pho!! Wishing I had more, as there was only one size available. Beef was high quality, tasted very fresh. Perfect balance of spices for me. Bowl was a little pricey for the city, and does not include hot tea like many places do. But I guess you're paying for superior quality, a very friendly and smiling staff, and a beautiful restaurant. Only real negative note : an employee's kid was running around in the restaurant. It wasen't that busy, but still, some patrons could have been disrupted by that. Otherwise, excellent place to go, I'd recommend it any day!
<review# 386,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2013,10/17/2013,5,39,,2,2>Avec was recommended to me by a business associate.  My wife and I dined there last Saturday and were not disappointed. Parking was a bit awkward; we ended up nearly 2 blocks away which could be an issue in bad weather.  The bistro itself was very warm and inviting.  The food was excellent.  My wife had the gnocchi with the added chicken.  I had the short rib.  Both we're prepared perfectly. The desserts with the wine pairings were a nice finish to the meal. Avec is very reasonably priced with entrees topping out at $27.  We had wine with dinner and dessert and ended up in the $160 range including tip.  Our servers were very good and not intrusive. I highly recommend.
<review# 387,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/26/2013,10/16/2013,22,41,,3,2>Tip: it's a very small restaurant only have 12 tables about 35 seating. Try make a reservation to reserve a table.  Delicious traditional Korean cuisine. I recommend order an appetizer egg roll and hot pot. I'm not a spicy food person, I told the server and chef to be mild spicy. But still the spicy hot pot was at medium level of spiciness. Services was very good too.
<review# 388,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/2/2013,10/15/2013,8,25,,4,2>We have made a habit of going to the Calgary Farmers Market and so far no regrets!  Parking is never a problem to start, which having just moved here from Halifax, is a nice feature compared to back home!The market itself is a good set up inside.  Never really feels that over crowded.  There are some excellent vendors who we visit regularly.  One selling fresh whole chicken and boneless skinless breasts.  Their bacon was a bit of a let down though.  Another is the beef farmer.  NY Striploins are amazing!  One of my favorites is the dry spices and herb vendor.  It can seem a bit pricey, but the quality of the spices and sea salts are well worth it.  Several good produce vendors even though not everything is "local" at all times.  Due to seasonal crop times it is understandable.  I would rather it be imported than not available at all.The food court is OK.  We usually grab lunch there and have some hit and misses there.  Recently a new sandwich shop opened up and hands down it is the best food we have tried there.  The BBQ joint was a bit of a disappointment.Overall a good market.  Not the very best I have been to, but not the worst by any means!  And any time you can avoid the supermarkets, especially for meats, it's a good day!
<review# 389,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2013,10/14/2013,3,43,,5,2>TLDR: Naina's has the best burgers I've ever had the pleasure of eating.Niana's Kitchen is a tiny little restaurant just off of blackfoot trail kitty corner to the Crossroads Farmers Market.  You could drive by it a thousand times and never give it the time of day because it's in the little crap strip mall in an industrial area that looks half closed down.  If you continue to drive by it however, you'll be missing out on something wonderful.My first visit, I got I believe the Mediterranean stuffed burger.  Anyway, it was stuffed with bacon, goat cheese and other amazing and wonderful things.  When I saw it was a stuffed burger, I figured I might get a bit of the flavor of the stuffings, however when you bite into that burger, it's bursting with flavor!  There was goat cheese in almost every bite and I was in absolute heaven.I was also really impressed with the fries.  I'm perpetually bored with fries, even from places that have amazing food.  The fries at Naina's are seasoned wonderfully.  They were cooked perfectly and a bit spicy.  I actually enjoyed eating them.I found Naina's about a week ago, and I've returned 3 times since.  I highly recommend it.
<review# 390,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2013,10/13/2013,28,85,,2,2>Dr. Skelley and staff are amazing. They never rush, and always take the best care of me and all my pets...all four of them.  That's right one more animal in the house and I tip the scale from animal lover to "that girl is one tragedy away from being a hoarder" status.We have senior cats and the staff here have been wonderful, good advice and suggestions.  Nothing is pushed on you and options are always explained.  The cats are always calm when being handled by Dr. Skelley which is a big plus for me.Great with the dogs as well.  Always interested in the small stuff and excellent at remembering any issues.  When we call to book there is always a familiarity (perhaps because I am there more than the average owner) but it is nice to feel welcome and known.  Overall this clinic has a very small town family feel to it.  The staff don't just act like they care, you really do get the feeling that they care.
<review# 391,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2013,10/12/2013,0,8,,2,2>Me, my boyfriend and a good friend stopped at Luna Blue for dinner after a trip out to Moraine Lake.  It was warm and inviting after our chilly fall walk!  The decor was cute and cozy and we were seated right away.  Our server was friendly and attentive.For being a pasta place, there were lots of options for my gluten-free friend.  The menu offered a large number of substitutions for a variety of dishes, which was really great!  I had the chicken curry with rice, my boyfriend had the fettuccine alfredo with chicken and my friend had the pad thai on rice noodles with shrimp.  All of us really enjoyed our meals.  The food was reasonably priced (with two serving size options, which, as a smaller eater, I really appreciate!), deliciously flavoured and filling.  All of our plates had lots of fresh vegetables, which is nice to get in a restaurant meal (I find lots of places rely heavily on inexpensive starches).  The spice in my chicken curry had some heat, but wasn't overwhelmingly hot.  All the sauces were made in-house from scratch :-)  Hey, that's a plus in my books.The service was also great.  Our drinks were refilled before they were completely empty, the waitress was attentive but not at our table every two minutes (we all know it's annoying) and was very friendly, chatting about our hike and other neat places to see in Canmore and the area.Overall, I really enjoyed my dining experience here.  It was casual, friendly and cozy, and perfect for a filling meal after a day spent exploring the mountains.  I'd go back for sure the next time I was in Canmore.
<review# 392,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2013,10/11/2013,11,11,,5,3>I went there as part of an event organized by a University club. Jim Bow, the owner, showed us the ropes and pointed out common mistakes that beginners make. He was very informative and friendly. It was my first time trying out archery but he made us all feel very comfortable and safe. We only shot at close range targets because of the limited time frame but I had a lot of fun. On a side note, he sponsored pizza for our group and also offered to sponsor drinks as well. (But we decided to use the vending machine there instead.) Thanks for a great time, Jim! I definitely want to go back for lessons.
<review# 393,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2013,10/10/2013,4,17,,2,2>I cannot say enough good things about our first experience at this Diner. The service, atmosphere and especially the food is awesome! We were a big table (at seven ppl.) so we were able to try multiple menu items and share! Brussel sprouts with bacon & mustard were a big hit as an appetizer followed by the Bison Burger, Pork /w chorizo sausage burger and Dairy Lane burger with either yam fries, potato fries or black bean soup. One member of our party had gluten/lactose intolerance and ordered the chicken tacos with green salad with a special house white balsamic dressing. All of the entrees were perfectly prepared, used FRESH organic ingredients and tasted delicious!
<review# 394,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2013,10/9/2013,157,283,,4,3>Been wanting to drop in and visit Eats of Asia all summer. Holidays and other distractions got in the way. Finally today was the day. We got up, fed the kids and herded them out the door. It was the perfect day for a drive in the country and visit to the market.It's been at least six years since I've been to the market. Those dang distractions again. A few changes were noted. Lots of vendors to visit and lots of wasps to drive you crazy. But they did not deter. I think I took a few out along the way. Stopped here for lunch. It really was meant to be. The rest of the family went elsewhere to eat, which was their loss! The line up was long but it went fast. With so many great options to choose from I made a split second decision while they waited patiently for me to decide. It was to be the special of the day, Dandan Noodles with pulled pork. It was definitely the right choice for the moment as it was simply divine. I added a small swirl of sriracha just because it was there and I'm a fool for spice.The pulled pork is one of their specialties (as per their sign) and it was simply delicious floating in a sea of spicy broth and noodles. I've decided I will be back before the market closes for the season only this time trying a couple of different items on the menu.
<review# 395,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2013,10/8/2013,83,568,,3,3>The salad bar and the Brazilian cocktail, Caipirinha, both get two thumbs up.  It's unfortunate that the cocktail is $10.  I'm not a huge beef lover or meat eater in general, but I have to say that I was impressed with the variety of beef and how well it was done.  The chicken wrapped bacon was fabulous but it showed up at the table later in the evening so I didn't have room in my belly for more than one taste.  I like that the restaurant is a bit smaller and doesn't accommodate huge crowds.  It's a nice place to eat with a larger group.  The decor makes it feel intimate.  The only disappointment was the kerfuffle at the end of the evening when our party of seven tried to pay the bill.  A friend noticed that the restaurant was applying GST to our 18% gratuity charge.  Gratuity should not be taxed and yet not a single employee could fix it because "that's just what our computers do."  Really?  They tried to argue that all restaurants apply tax to gratuity and being that our group  of 7+ eats out regularly and are very familiar with the process, we know this isn't true.  We still got shafted in the end.  I would return, but not with a party over five because I don't want them to forcefully squeeze my pennies out of me more than once. The parking situation is a bit confusing.  There's parking in the lot but it appears regulated.  The hours aren't posted and you question whether or not you should be there.  We left our vehicle in the lot for over two hours on a Friday night and didn't have any trouble.
<review# 396,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2013,10/7/2013,1,8,,3,3>I dream of the Saganaki cheese at Pegasus.  After being fried, the cheese is flambéed at the table and served in the pan.  If you visit I highly recommend trying it with plenty of lemon. I usually accompany it with a selection of appetizers or follow it with lamb souvlakia.I visited the old location on once or twice and I was optimistic when Pegasus moved closer to my home. The building in Altadore has a bit of a sorted past and restaurants operating in this location did not hold my attention until Pegasus came along.  Now I regularly visit this family business.I've given it five stars but I must say that the two types of house red wine are not my favourites.  They seem to be offered at most Greek restaurants but they're not as full or as dry as I would like. I've not yet tried the other red wines offered at Pegasus.
<review# 397,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2013,10/5/2013,33,247,,4,2>Hit up the National if you want great beer and decent food at an average price.The National is a quite loud beer hall with big long bench style seating as well as a few smaller tables with chairs. We started out our meal with the jalapeno fritters and the soft pretzels. The jalapeno fritters came with 5 medium sized fritters with a side of dip. I really enjoyed the fritters as the separation between with the fritter flavor and the jalapeno flavors were obvious and still worked well together. I enjoyed the soft pretzel more, however, as I will always be a huge fan of soft pretzels. The pretzels at the national were about the size of my palm and were slightly crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. It was salted quite well and served with some type of butter that I found to be quite good. The pickles and pickled onions that were served alongside the pretzels were nice as well.Next up were the main courses. I ordered the prime rib. The first impression I had was awe at the size of the portion of meat I received. The beef slab was served on top of a bed of potatoes, carrots, and beets. There was also a large Yorkshire pudding on the plate. I was disappointed that there was no gravy with the dish, so I would suggest ordering that. Also I was surprised at how cold my meat had gotten by the time it was served to me. If you're going to serve that size of prime rib, please look into getting better/more spicy horseradish! The Yorkshire would have been better with gravy and the vegetables were good. Overall the meal was still above average but you have to pay for that serving size. I also enjoyed the drinks I was served and we received good service all night, about the level you would expect. Overall, the National is good place to grab some beers or dinner if you don't mind the noise and select menu.
<review# 398,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2013,10/4/2013,71,173,8,25,1>If you're like me, your cats or dogs (in my case cats ) are like my kids. I love them, and always want the best for them.  Recently my usual vet had informed me that my cat Boo needed to have her teeth professionally cleaned and possibly have a tooth extracted. She warned me that this will cost well over thousand dollars. She sent me a quote from another veterinarian and it was $1100. I spoke to another vet, and was quoted $1600.  Needless to say, I was upset. I would never ever choose money over my cats. I will always do the best for them. That said I started to look for. a  vet that would  be able to provide me the services at a reasonable cost.After doing some research, I came across the Beddington Trail animal hospital. I emailed them, and asked for a rough idea on cost. They told me that to clean my cats teeth would be $200. This would involve the usual anesthesia as cats always have to be fully asleep for this procedure, as well as pain medications antibiotics physical exam and if needed x-rays would be additional. I couldn't quite believe the cost!I was told by that, assistant, that they pride themselves on doing good work at reasonable cost, and truly care. It's worth noting that in the United Statescat dental  cleaning is also roughly $200. I don't understand why it is so expensive here in Canada. After reading nothing but positive reviews on rate my vet.com for the Beddington Trail animal  hospital, I decided to take my cat there on the weekend.  The veterinary assistant I believe  hername was Melanie was absolutely wonderful to deal with. She understood that I was nervous about leaving my cat, I'm a bit of a suck  with my kitties. She was friendly, explained everything I needed to know, and assured me that my kitty would be just fine. I received a phone call from the vet after my cats procedure was over. Explaining that she did very well, and asked me if I had any questions.  When it went pick up my cat several hours later, as I have to let the anesthesia wear off he came out and chatted with me about the procedure and how it went once again. Very very nice to deal with. The total cost for all of this was just $250.I was sent home with aftercare instructions and antibiotics for my little kitty. Overall, my experience with this veterinarian was excellent. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend him to others.
<review# 399,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2013,10/3/2013,165,224,2,4,1>Really enjoyed my dinner here!The restaurant itself is spacious, clean and modern. The give you a trio of samplers on the house as you sit down: some toasted nori, spiced nuts and kimchi (I think. I only tried the nori). I had the miso soup, the tuna sashimi and the agedashi tofu. My mom had the chicken skewers, and the Ninja roll. The tuna sashimi was amazing! Great size, fresh, and the correct temperature. One of the best I've had in Calgary!My mom really enjoyed her chicken skewers and ninja roll also. They have a great variety of sake on display that I look forward to trying on a future visit!
<review# 400,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2013,10/1/2013,42,163,4,8,5>There are a few food trucks that have been avoiding my work area since they opened and this annoyed me.  Farm Girls has been one of them.  Until today.I walked the 2 blocks to where it was parked after viewing their location and menu online.  They have mac & cheese.....SOLD! A short but sweet menu includes their very unique version of mac & cheese made with truffle and butternut squash with a bacon, pumpkin seed and crispy onion crust.  Also included are pork, goat cheese and herb meatloaf sliders, a garden salad (listed on the truck as the "Garden Glory Bowl".  Guess which immature pervert was giggling at that?) and a braised beef shepherd's pie.  All are $10 or less or a sampling of all 4 for $12.  Go big or go home, so I went for the Sampler.The mac & cheese received first tasting.  The experiment of mixed flavours paid off.  It's fantastic.  Just slightly below my favourite of all time.  I wanted to dance on top of their truck with glee, but doubt they would have let me.The slider that was included was well-rounded in flavour and not dry at all like you run into with many meatloaves.  I was inclined to do a slutty grind dance against their truck.  Once again, doubt they would have let me.The shepherd's pie was a delicious try with juicy meat and great taste coming from the yam mash.  You don't even want to know what I had in mind to celebrate this one.I'll be the first one to admit I love fruits and veggies, but for some reason I never feel they are complete alone without a dead animal on top.  The salad was close though and very fresh with a terrific dressing.The farm girls (and guy) pulled off a terrific lunch that I would feel comfortable going back for again and again.  I'm glad they finally decided to acknowledge my manly awesomeness and stop closer to work.  Well played, Farm Girls.  Well played indeed.
<review# 401,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/18/2013,9/30/2013,29,51,,2,2>I went with a few of my classmates from Japanese class, based on recommendations from friends.It's a small and quaint noodle house. Very clean. Our group ordered the Miso Ramen, Spicy Miso Ramen, Miso Butter Ramen and Shoyu Ramen. We didn't have to wait very long for our orders. The serving size was a generous size for the price. The broth wasn't too salty (nice!). Absolutely delicious.There was even room for green tea ice cream afterwards. Again, generous helpings.Perhaps if we weren't busy chatting, we would have noticed the Japanese books and magazines on the shelf that we could have (tried to) read for Japanese study.My only beef is that Muku doesn't split the bill. At least, there is some signage on the bill tray. However, it would be good to include that in the menu or on a sign so that patrons know ahead of time (hence the 4/5 star rating).The milk chocolate candies that came with our bill are also sold separately. They are yummy enough to buy a bag.
<review# 402,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2012,9/29/2013,28,44,3,5,4>Oh my goodness. Who would have thought that something as basic as a grilled cheese sandwich could be so utterly amazing?I've had both the basic "Say Cheese!" and the "Aloha Arkansas". The former is amazing (the cheddar and gruyere cheeses complement each other amazingly well), while the latter just kicks it up to a whole other level. The pulled pork is so tender and juicy, while the pineapple gives it a very Hawaiian pizza feel. The smoked cheddar blends it all together in one tasty mess! At this point I would have to say that it's definitely my favorite sandwich.This is definitely one food truck worth hunting down!Review #2 of Yelp's 30 Day Challenge 2012
<review# 403,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2013,9/28/2013,42,74,3,4,1>OMG. The HAM. So delicious!!! I'm always torn between the ham eggs Benny or the croque Madame. Brunch has been getting boring for me recently - especially with all the beer halls now trying to do brunch (such a waste of time- more on that later). But this place has a great menu - out with the boring eggs Benny. Mushrooms or pulled ham you just can't go wrong. And I love the vibe, can go in super hungover or dressed up ready for mimosas with the girls. It's a really cute and chic restaurant. My favourite has to be the eggs that they use - must be farm fresh. Oh, and another thing that is absolutely  vital to my Sunday brunch? A coffee cup that's is never empty!!!! I hate when places ignore that - relieved that Blonde's keeps my cup full.
<review# 404,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2013,9/27/2013,4,9,,8,3>I recently had a neighbour point out that I had a massive hidden wasp's nest above my front door. Since bugs, especially the biting yellow and black variety freak me out, I immediately decided to call a professional.Tom came out the next day, a Sunday no less, and eradicated the little buggers for me. He was very thorough - checked all around my yard to make sure there were no other hives and hung a wasp trap on a tree where they liked to congregate. He even came by on the following Wednesday on his own time to check and make sure they had all been taken care of.The price was excellent considering the amount of wasps I was dealing with. He offers a 30 day guarantee to make sure the hive is dead.I was beyond impressed with the service and quality of the work done!
<review# 405,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2013,9/26/2013,4,30,,3,2>If you want a great bowl of beef sate soup, this is the place to go!  Just the right amount of spice, the broth is the right consistency for sate, and packed full of flavor.  Probably one of the best sate's I have had in town.  The restaurant itself is in the heart of Forest Lawn on 17th Ave in a strip mall, with a simple, clean interior.  The service was good, we were in and out within 40 minutes over lunch.
<review# 406,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2013,9/25/2013,34,185,3,3,1>Murrieta's is and probably will always be one of my favorite restaurants. I had the privilege at my previous job to dine here quite often so I've been able to try pretty much their entire menu :)A few colleagues and I headed here for an early lunch on a sunny day and got to sit on their patio that overlooks Stephen Ave. I've actually never sat on the patio before so I was excited to people watch and enjoy some delicious food.I went with my favorite - Scallop and Prawn fettuccini without chorizo. The garlic butter sauce is sprinkled with fresh grated parmesan and red chilies to give it a nice kick. And the scallops and prawns are cooked perfectly as are the noodles.The hustle and bustle of the lunch crowd down Stephen Ave is really fun to watch and being able to see from a different angle was awesome. Since the patio is narrow, you're sitting like you would at a bar so if it works well if you're with another person or two but it's probably not ideal for a big group. Another tip - since you're sitting up higher and the railing doesn't provide much shielding so be careful if you're wearing a dress/skirt or else you'll give the people below a glimpse of your underoos lol
<review# 407,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2013,9/24/2013,6,39,1,8,1>After getting estimates from several businesses, I found a flyer from these guys in my mailbox and gave them a try. I was instantly impressed by the pair of fellows they sent out to look at my leaking roof, who gave me a no-nonsense run-down of costs. They also saw the government issue CADPAT jackets hanging in my front entryway and told me the owner sometimes gave discounts for military personnel. I was very impressed by that. The owner in fact came out to talk during the work. He was personable and never came off as a huckster - he has obviously been in the business for a while and spoke eloquently about the technical merits of the materials he was providing, why certain work was being done, etc. He was very candid about what I did or didn't need and I never felt like he was trying to sell me the most expensive materials or cheapest labour. The workers were all bonded and my yard was cleaned up afterward to my satisfaction. Nothing was damaged. I would certainly recommend this company to anyone else.
<review# 408,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2013,9/23/2013,98,157,4,5,3>I have no idea why I never reviewed Olive Chicken before.BECAUSE I LOVE ITI have often referred to it as "The Korean Chicken on the Way," and if you know me, you know I love Chicken on the Way. (Case in point: yelp.ca/biz/chicken-on-t)The Sweet & Spicy Chicken (or YamYam as it is sometimes referred to on other menus) is amazing. To be honest, I haven't even tried anything else. I keep getting it. And getting it. And getting it. Again. And again. And Again.The last time I went, I got two pieces (breast and thigh), left, ate it ... then came back and ordered two more. It's that good.It is tender, crunchy, sweet and mildly spicy. It is incredibly delicious. In fact, I'm so hungry now, I am going again right after I finish this review."POST"
<review# 409,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2013,9/22/2013,78,111,2,4,2>Went here on Monday looking for things to beautify my vintage decorated home. 30 minutes later I walked out with:A 1950's glass vase: $24 gold & pale blue TV diner table stands from the 1950's: $10 total2 pale blue vintage suitcases from the 60's: $14 My Mum, who came with me, picked up:a in-perfect-condition silver tray engraved with Haida artwork:  $102 1950's teapots shaped like English cottages: $3 each I also saw tons of cheap furniture, including lamps, which were all 50% off, and much lower prices in every department than you find at VV. They had an impressive selection of china and kitchen gadgets, blankets (including hand made quilts) and a pretty outmoded collection of clothes (I didn't bother hunting through it though).  Great place, with great prices and items!
<review# 410,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2013,9/21/2013,18,77,,3,2>We headed to this restaurant for dinner with our close friends who are vegetarian.  I love meat and any place they suggest has been AMAZING!!  I left full and satisfied without the need for meat.The location is a quaint home (owners live upstairs) and the restaurant is quite small with a small patio.  At the time we visited there was a large party of 20+ so we were lucky to score a table for 4 in the corner of the restaurant.  The blue tea was awesome.  Odd smell and at first I was confused by the BRIGHT blue colour but it tasted great and good for you!  Great antioxidants!We ordered a bunch of curries and steamed rice and every dish was full of flavour and cooked with love.  Love the dishes that they are all served on.  The phad thai I was a bit skeptical about as I normally order with chicken and shrimp but their vegetarian version was great!  Loved that it wasn't fluorescent red as some places use red food colouring to attain the colour.Now the desserts were to die for ... of course the staple deep friend bananas - always popular and my fav!  We also ordered the Thai Crepe with condensed milk - OMG!  We ordered double the order because they were so good!!  We will definitely be back for a visit - especially for that dessert & phad thai!It's also good to note that they are Thai Gluten-Free, Vegetarian, Lacto-Ovo vegetarian and Vegan !
<review# 411,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2013,9/20/2013,16,7,,3,2>We went for dinner at Briggs after a friend raved about her brunch experience. I fell in love with the place when I walked in the door. The decor is perfect (to me, anyway) - rustic, but chic. I'm lusting over the stools at the bar and I love the beat up round tables tucked away in the corners. There was four of us, so we decided to work our way through the sharing menu. The Newf's Poutine was fantastic. The fries had a smoky flavour and the lobster was delicious. My personal favourite was the scallops with seared char and vanilla oil. Adding edamame beans to lobster mac & cheese was an interesting, although not unwelcome twist, and the calamari was a solid choice. We went with both the beef short ribs and the braised pork belly. While the beef was good, the pork belly was a home run for me. I really liked the slaw and the sticky maple braise.The only dish that made me go 'meh' was the potato tic tacs. I understand the lure of trying to dress up tater tots but the harsh reality is that the best ones still come frozen in a bag. It's like trying to use truffle oil on Kraft Dinner. Just appreciate them for what they are, and leave them be.Overall, a solid first experience. I'll definitely go back.
<review# 412,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2013,9/19/2013,3,12,,3,2>OEB has become my favourite spot to have breakfast/brunch! This time around we were lucky enough to be seated right away. Typically there's a 10-15 min wait and in some cases longer, but it's well worth it. I find that service is attentive and very energetic, but I'd say that this trip the service was just average (nothing to cry about though). My girlfriend had the "Do not even go there french toast". Their french toast is nice and fluffy, and when you stuff it with New York cheesecake how can you go wrong lol! I don't think I could eat it for breakfast and be satisfied though because I would need something salty, but as a dessert it's perfect!Eggs Benny is usually one of my favourite choices for breakfast, so I chose the "Canadian Eh". The poached eggs were cooked perfectly (soft for me), the pea meal bacon gave the dish the perfect amount of salt, the hollandaise had the perfect consistency and the potato wedges cooked in duck fat are always piping hot and flavourful. The fruit rounds the whole dish off with some freshness.I don't think I'll ever get sick of this place. The next time you're on Edmonton trail check it out!
<review# 413,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2013,9/18/2013,11,32,,2,2>If you're looking for good coffee and great tasting food, definitely visit Bumpy's.This cafe is super cute - painted in colourful splashes of yellows and blues...not to mention the super happy/helpful staff, it's bound to make anyone's day upon setting foot inside.  As cute and quaint as this place is, keep it mind it can get horrendously busy thanks to the downtown rush, not to mention many dedicated customers.  Lengthy lineups and complications to get a table may be met, depending on the time you're visiting Bumpy's.Everything from their food, to the lattes, and coffee is beyond amazing.  I've had breakfast at Bumpy's a few times where I've had their frittata, oatmeal, and breakfast panini accompanied with a cup of coffee and every time has been excellent.  I would sometimes get to the point I would "forget" to pack a lunch as an excuse to visit Bumpys during lunch hour!I usually say "if you're in the area check the place out"...however for Bumpy's, if given the opportunity take the trip down for a great cup of coffee or snack depending on what is tickling your fancy!
<review# 414,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2013,9/17/2013,20,68,,4,3>Been to Mighty Skillet two times now and both times have gotten the golden age poutine.  This dish is simply delicious.  Two soft eggs over large wedge fries, covered in all melted cheese curds and slices of ham and smothered with hollandaise sauce!  Yum!  I love how the cheese curds are all melted, for me I can't stand when there's unmelted cheese in a pountine.The soft eggs are a nice touch, yoke oozes all over the wedge fries making every bite more flavorful than the last, but then you get a bite with the ham and bam!  You're in brunch heaven!  The ham just adds the right amount of saltyness to the dish.  This food truck is totally worth stalking and the wait while they make your box of deliciousness!
<review# 415,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/20/2013,9/16/2013,35,291,2,4,1>An unassuming place with solid renditions of authentic everyday Mexican food.  If you're looking for Tex-Mex, ground beef slathered with sour cream and melted cheese, you're in the wrong place!  Here you will find freshly made corn tortillas filled with mildly seasoned, slow cooked meats such as beef tongue or pork.  I cook this type of stuff at home, so it's nothing revelatory for me, but if I manage to get back on a weekend and try the pozole soup, maybe my opinion will change. That being said, the preparations here would be something new for most Calgarians, as there isn't a lot of this type of cooking in Calgary.The Mexican beans are a must-have side order, topped with cheese for those missing it in the wraps :) Also notable is the modest size of the tacos...you'd better order a few.  Finally, if you like spice at all, order your dish "hot": despite the authenticity of the dishes, they appear to use a gringo heat scale here.
<review# 416,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2013,9/15/2013,67,205,,4,3>I've lived in Calgary since 1986, and yet I only recently discovered this place on the hilltop of Readers Garden. It's a beautifully restored heritage estate home that feels utterly secluded from the bustle of the city below. I ordered the free range buttermilk chicken sandwich with the featured soup of the day--delicious and filling, with fresh, high quality local ingredients put together with care.
<review# 417,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2013,9/14/2013,115,261,4,15,3>I now come here exclusively for my mani/pedi needs, partially due to the fact that it's so close to my house, and also because I just ADORE Tina. She's amazing. Not only does she actually listen to what I want, she remembers me every time so I don't have to hover over my nails watching to make sure she does it right. I've literally NEVER had lifting with my nails. She is so sweet, friendly, and FAST. Don't be scared though, she knows what she's doing. I can be in and out with beautifully filled nails in 45 min! She's also amazing at freehand designs, ask to see her samples, you'll be blown away! The majority of the staff here are great at what they do and friendly to boot. My sister sees Jacqueline and loves her. They have a large variety of polish & Shellac colours (more than any other nail salon I've been to) and a few TVs to keep you entertained while getting your nails done. I love getting pedicures here, especially with girlfriends, as they have a number of pedicure chairs to accommodate groups. The chairs are comfortable with massage features and the staff have NO issue with me requesting more hot/cold water for my little piggies to soak in. They are extremely thorough with pedicures, unlike some places that rush through them. The prices are on par with other nail salons in the city. However, the quality far surpasses them. It's so nice to know that they actually care about whether or not I like my nails, and I never leave unhappy. Because of this, they do tend to book up regularly, so I definitely recommend an appointment. Also, if you pay with cash, you always get 10% off. Unfortunately, the parking situation remains the same. It just plain SUCKS! Especially with the Tim Horton's right there, the line for the drive thru is always massive, so pulling in/backing out is a pain in the ass. I try to schedule my appointments in the afternoons or just park in the bank parking lot beside this strip mall. Small price to pay for beautiful nails, though =)
<review# 418,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2013,9/12/2013,11,36,2,3,2>Milkshakes are so thick that the straws go flat when you try to drink it right away. The key is to let it melt down a bit. So delicious and a huge size for only $4.75 what a deal! The burgers are decent but nothing overly impressive. But the milkshakes.... what can I say... they are the most amazingly thick delicious drink that you could possibly ever try, and with an assortment of flavors/combination of flavors it will keep you coming back for more!
<review# 419,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2013,9/11/2013,25,76,2,5,3>Ever try telling someone you ate at "Downtown Food" and see a look of ... "OK, but where?" on their face?Yup. Everytime. Unusual name, but it's kinda cute. I have been here twice now and most recently today for a client work lunch. Agreeably both times were quite enjoyable and overall the food was amazing!We were late for our reso but all the same, greeted with warm smiles and seated immediately. A server quickly took our drink orders and explained the special for lunch which was an appie something, main something and a HOMEMADE DONUT (you can see what part caught my attention). Drinks arrive and after an excruciating 15 minutes of trying to decide across a number of great vegetarian options (unusual) I went with the gnocchi, which was created from a multitude of vegetables and accompanied with mushrooms and truffle. I also got a "green garlic" puree soup. Of course such an option was debated at the table because WHO KNOWS WHAT GREEN GARLIC IS? We are of the assumption it's the snape? (*I just goggled this now and we're wrong.. it's an "immature" garlic and resembles a green onion perfectly*). Appies arrive and the watermelon three ways is a picture book of plating perfection with square inch size watermelon cubes, wrapped in cucumber invisibly thin and mint on top. Like little presents really. The tuna is deliciously seasoned, the wontons with eggplant and goat cheese were ridiculously good and the truffle fries... YESSS!! Truffle fries. I hate to overshadow the chef creations with excitement for fries - but seriously, good. The soup was also really delicious and contained fiddleheads - my first on these and I quite liked. My main dish - the gnocchi might have been some of the best I have ever had. It was super fresh and hand made, multi colored based on differing vegetables, lots of mushrooms on the side and a rich sauce that I could have drank straight (likely butter I believe). It was also lightly truffled and not too overpowering. Portion size was perfect which was great with a rich meal for lunch.Finally - the grand finale. DESSERTS! The foreshadowing of the aforementioned donut was of course ordered. This thing was outstanding. Hot and fresh (think crispy cream - but not as ... "cheap"), glazed with an amazing chocolate and topped with cookie crumbs. Below on the plate was a dollop of house made caramel that was salted. The warm combo was ...  was... well it disappeared REALLY FAST. Another? Ugh.. if only I had time, and more space in my belly, and will power.Our experience was great. Service was impeccable, food was amazing, and the restaurant itself was pretty cool. I do have to mention that a super winning point for me here is the chef's ability to truly CREATE unique and well paired food dishes. Nothing is like anything you get elsewhere, and nothing is a "staple". It's all very handmade, fresh, unique, tasty, interesting and well prepared. I am a huge fan of this and any foodie should definitely visit ASAP!
<review# 420,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2013,9/10/2013,95,304,1,4,2>I'm SO impressed with this xray lab. Not only was the receptionist so friendly and professional, she actually took the time to talk to me about my injury and expressed her concern over the quality of the care I received from the doctor that wrote me the prescription (she could tell that he had written it in a rush and had asked me to fill out a bunch of it myself). I went to sit down after checking in, and I was called up immediately for my xray. They had a high-tech machine set up in the xray room and I just had to lie on a table with lead over my midsection and move my foot a few different directions for the xray. It took about 5 minutes total. The xray technician was professional and gentle as she adjusted my foot. I was worried going up here because I know that the wait for xray can sometimes be really long, but I was pleasantly surprised by the very high-tech and tidy facility, the competent and friendly staff, and the speed of service. I will never dread getting an xray again now that I know this place is around!
<review# 421,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2013,9/9/2013,85,210,5,7,6>This place really is a hidden gem waaaaaay down south. We'd been at Spruce Meadows for an event and needed something quick to take the edge off before dinner in a few hours. Yelped it up, found this place and headed over.It's nestled between the British Chippy and a Chinese restaurant. Quite open and airy, the staff are friendly. We got seated right away and had drinks brought promptly. Bonus points for a tea pot that doesn't spill/leak when you pour! We were brought a complimentary sample of the tuna potstickers (I think that's what they were!), which were excellent. I'm not a huge fan of tuna but I really enjoyed it. We also ordered miso soup, a couple of slices of red tuna sashimi (nice and large for a good price) and a couple of rolls. Personally, I think the rice was lacking something, but otherwise really good sushi for a great price. They did something reminiscent of another sushi restaurant in Calgary and gave us Pocky at the end of the meal (not one, but two!)We didn't have any sake but I noticed that if you ordered the large (10oz) vs regular (5oz) there's actually a price break, whereas most places just charge double for the large size (and then it's like... why offer the "large" option at all?). They also have bubble tea, but only two flavours and it's the milk kind so I couldn't partake due to my dairy allergy.All in all, if I were ever in the area I'd definitely make my way back down.
<review# 422,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2013,9/8/2013,45,205,3,4,2>My friend and I dared to show up without a reservation on a Saturday night, knowing it would be packed, as it had just opened. The friendly hostess told us it would be about a 40 min wait, and we were directed to the bar for a drink. There were no chairs at the bar, as there are tables right behind, so it was a bit awkward having our derrieres really close to some people trying to enjoy dinner. Lucky for us, we only waited ten minutes until being seated.Im a big fan of the tapas style menu, and Cadela's had quite a few options organized neatly into columns. We tried so many different plates, that Ill just say every single one was amazing, and the service was top notch.
<review# 423,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2013,9/7/2013,100,342,2,3,2>EPIC! We've wanted to come here forever and never think about it. So Monday we decide let's check it out, I mean it's margarita Monday! The owner/manager was phenomenal. He was funny, he was pleasant and made the experience that much more. I said I was gluten free, so he gave me his pick of GF appies. The chef actually came out and talked to us to make sure everything was good and tell me what was in the meals. Then I had chicken quesdilla for my meal, which was delish! Went great with our two pitchers of pineapple margaritas! After the meal, he gave us this wonderful shot and eve drew me a picture on my take out container. I can't wait to go sit on the patio when it's warmer.
<review# 424,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2013,9/6/2013,93,149,2,3,3>Thought I should point out that you cannot get Hot Pot here during the summer.So our Hot Pot UYE was a little derailed, but luckily they still serve food so we were not forced to eat the serving utensils.With our group of 8 we all ordered one dish to share, we were given all the english menus in the restaurant, meaning they have 5 total. Luckily we didn't have to point to order and ended up with plenty to dine on.Highlights were the war won ton soup, which I have never had before and I do not know why because shrimp in your won ton is amazing! Take plain boring won ton soup and then make it super!The ginger beef was very nice, the breading wasn't overpowering and the beef was also not cooked within an inch of its life.We also had a really nice fried rice, some crispy noodles, mushrooms and pea tips, other ginger beef that has been cooked with ginger, and chicken in black bean sauce. I wouldn't hesitate to order any of those dishes again.I had an accident with my chair and the chair rail, smashing my finger then almost bleeding over the dessert buffet. Oh yeah free dessert buffet! There was stuff in slow cookers that I had no idea what any of it was. Being too white, I stuck to the cookies, and the red bean and mango jelly cups.The best part of our dining experience was, I didn't feel like crap later that evening.With the 8 of us, it came to 20 bucks a person, we had tea as well as 5 beers.Not too shabby!
<review# 425,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2013,9/5/2013,48,110,4,9,2>I walked in with no intention of buying anything and left a hundred bucks poorer. What did I purchase? Cheese curds, wild mushroom gravy mix, lots of fresh pasta, mango pasta sauce, chocolate croissants, cinnamon buns, and olive oil. The frozen croissants/cinnamon buns are from Pascal's Pastries. It was worth every penny - puffed up beautifully and it taste even better.  I could have easily spent another two hundred on pate, homemade dinners/lunches to go, pizza, balsamic, meatballs, soups, award winning cheeses, and duck confit. What really impressed me was despite the fact it was very busy, the woman helping me was patient and never rushed me. She offered me sample after sample of olive oil and took the time to ensure I knew what I was buying and how to use/cook it.
<review# 426,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2013,9/4/2013,32,203,,2,3>When I first heard of this up and coming restaurant I was very excited. I researched the menu and kept searching up pictures of what the food and venue would be like (more than I do usually that is!)At last, I got the chance to go for lunch and I must say that I enjoyed my first experience, although my other lunch companions did not.I think anyone that comes into Xocolat with the idea that they are going to be served authentic Mexican cuisine might be disappointed. You have to go in with an open mind and the thought that this will be more of a fusion culinary experience. I loved what they did with the décor, the rich splashes of colour throughout is refreshing and makes the space beautiful. We tried a couple dishes to share which included an order of the Tacos de Canasta and Gordita. I tried the chicken taco (there was four different kinds) and a bite or two of the Gordita. I liked the taco but found the "salsa tasting" that came with it to be lacking. The Gordita was a bit heavy but had a nice flavour.For my lunch I had the Langosta, which is essentially a baby arugula salad with heirloom, avocado, lobster and cilantro dressing. The presentation was very appealing and once I had that first bite.... I was in a lobster paradise. The flavours were complimentary and very delicious. We ordered dessert and I had the Chocoflan, a very rich chocolate cake. If you are a chocoholic like me, you will enjoy this. I also tried the Margarita Diablo, which was like a tequila bellini with a kick. One thing that I didn't like however was that you can't order any of the appetizers at lunch which is the main reason why we all decided on this venue.I still want to come back and try out the dinner menu and a couple other cocktails!
<review# 427,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2013,9/3/2013,57,118,,4,3>Fresh kitchen is located on 37th avenue in the Shaw building on Barlow trail NE.  People at work were coming in with very aromatic lunches and raving about how amazing this place was when one day I finally made myself pay a visit.  This place is truly a hidden gem...who knew there would be a fresh kitchen in the Shaw building??  If you didn't know about this place, you probably wouldn't know about it unless somebody told you...I am telling you now!  I must admit, parking is insanity because there are a lot of people who work at Shaw and they have reserved parking spaces.  It's a gong show trying to find a spot during the lunch hour that isn't reserved.  My advice would be to park on the side of the street and walk a bit.Fresh kitchen prides themselves in preparing made-from-scratch flavourful meals-to-go for busy people. Fresh kitchen is a cute little cafeteria style joint.  They've got pre-made foods for faster service and their chef-prepared meal-to-go selection.  If they happen to run out, you can wait a short time for nice and hot food.  Fresh kitchen chooses locally grown produce and you can definitely tell.  For my first visit I ordered from a selection of their daily specials which was creole corn and clam & herb vegetable barley and sesame salmon with lemon chili butter.  They had just run out but were starting a new batch of salmon so I had to wait a very short time; it was perfect because it was nice and fresh!  I had my order to-go and headed back to the office.  Okay woah.  The sesame salmon was a very generous piece with the skin kept on.  It was seriously so delectable...so buttery and flakey!!  The sesame seeds were a nice touch, they weren't too overpowering.  The salmon was just all around delicious.  On to the soup...W-O-W.  I took a spoonful of my hot soup and it was fantastic, I literally burnt my tongue because I just wanted to dig right in.  The creole has a nice hit of spiciness and there was a ton of corn, clam and vegetable pieces. YUM IN MY TUM!  You definitely get the home cooking food style when you order from here.Now that you know my little secret, I'd say try this place out!  They are opened 7 days a week.  Monday to Thursday 8AM - 7PM, Fridays 8AM - 6PM with weekend hours of 9AM - 5PM.  I do believe they have another location in Marda Loop so check that out if you get a chance...I don't think the hours are the same though!!Also, follow their twitter page if you're interested, as they post the specials of the day! twitter.com/fresh_kitchen
<review# 428,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2013,9/2/2013,19,10,,4,2>Vietnamese pho restaurants are a dime a dozen - its not often you find one good enough for another visit.A Touch of Ginger Delight in Kensington wasn't one of those, which is a great thing because I'm always out and about in the area and crave pho on a regular basis.Walking into this small restaurant on 10th Street NW you immediately notice the exotic fish in two large fish tanks and interesting Asian decor typical of most Vietnamese restaurants. The interior is a bit out of date but this isn't unusual for pho restaurants. It's not bad enough that you start wondering if you should eat there or not which is a bonus!Apart from the interior and awesome location, the food is absolutely cheap and high quality! I always try the pho sate beef soup (spicy) - rice vermicelli, onions, cilantro and beef strips served in the house special soup as it is a good measure of how good (or bad) a pho restaurant is in my books.Also great are the salad rolls and spring rolls. These two are always a must-have with any pho or bun meal!!Definitely no complaints, the food was great and quickly served and our server gave us more attention than you typically receive at pho restaurants. Awesome!Two thumbs up, check it out!
<review# 429,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2013,9/1/2013,17,42,,4,4>Despite horrendous flood damage, River Cafe is back and is good as it ever was. Before the summer passes, get down there and dine on their patio.  Beautiful seafood creations like oysters on the half shell, calamari appetizers and halibut tempt the palate and glasses of Rose Cava keep it clean. Service is good and the staff are just getting back into the swing of things. A worthy splurge.  Go back and support this fine Calgary business
<review# 430,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2012,8/31/2013,4,61,1,4,3>my sister and i went there saturday lunch time...i didnt know that the dining room isnt open. so we went to the other side....i was so surprise the price is lower...so that is a little tip, if you are on a budget, go to that side instead of the dining area.same portions, some menu are the same. I LOVE their aaa steak its huge the 10oz, holy very very very juicy....yummm and its only like 22 bucks...beats keg for surethe only difference is that when you are on the other side, you choose either soup or salad. which is fine...still get the garlic bread so it is all good.the service...superb. cant say anything bad about this place...this will be my regular restaurant. fyi, my better half is very picky, there is only a handful in his list...reef and beef made it in his list so...try it out you will not regret it...if you order the same as i did that is. i havent tried anything else since i cant get enough of their awesome aaa steak
<review# 431,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2013,8/30/2013,141,125,2,6,4>heritagepark.caIf you live in or around the city of Calgary, I'd recommend getting a family annual pass. In just two visits the pass will already be paid for.I've been coming to this park for decades now, and I enjoy it very much. The park has gone through extensive renovations as well. This is most evident at the front of the park, where the two restaurants are located (Railway Cafe, Selkirk grill). in between the two are some nice little stores.When arriving at the park, drive through and around until you get to the front. There you will be able to drop off any guests or family members, then find yourself a parking spot. Parking during the week, is never an issue but the weekends can be quite busy. If you do find yourself going on the weekend, you can park at the far east end of the parking lot. (closest to 14th street) A trolley car can take you to the front admission gate. The trolley costs $1.00, or if you're an annual pass holder its free to ride. (Also a parking lot as you first drive up just past the lights off 14th and Heritage) This is mainly overflow parking, and is a bit of a walk. (Trolley does stop here though).Upon entry Gasoline Alley, will be on your right hand side. My recommendation would be to stop in on the way our of the park. If its been a long hot afternoon, its a good place to cool a bit and use the restrooms before heading home.After passing the Gasoline Alley, and garage you head up this long sidewalk which is dated starting in the present decade and as you get closer to the park you will find the   numbers slowly getting closer to the period of time in which the park is representing.If you have children or  are a kid at heart head straight to the rides. They're easy to spot. Just look west after the railway crossing, and you'll spot the Ferris Wheel. They have a few rides here including the Wheel, Caterpillar, Swings, The Whip, and a swing. They even have a mini ferris wheel for toddlers.In trying to keep this review a little more on the short side, I'm going to highlight more of the things most people miss while visiting the park. Try to walk the perimeter of the park, they have some neat little buildings and machines on display. (also some park benches to relax and look out onto the Glenmore Reservoir. Also when catching a train at one of the various train stations, read where the train sops next before catching it. Certain trains do a full circle around the park, and others will stop at every station. It can either be a nice full circle train ride, or a slow boring ride, if you stop at every station to let passengers off then to load more on.Also don't miss the Indian village, and as you go past the Hudson's Bay company down the dirt road are more buildings to look in and a store as well. Then walk around the more inner parts of the park, there you will find the Wainwright Hotel, candy store, pool hall, bakery etc.  The bakery is a very busy place, most times is lined up on weekends. have a butter tart, gingerbread man, or a sausage roll.Also if you do a little research before going to the park, you'll find out about certain houses being haunted. The Prince house, Opera house and Sam Livingston to name a few.Hope this helps.Also, you may be the type to bring a lunch to the park. They're are plenty of places to picnic at Heritage as well.
<review# 432,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2013,8/29/2013,16,76,2,7,3>There was a ton of hype around this place, so there were some real expectations going in. But I wasn't disappointed.  Before getting to the food, I need to talk about the atmosphere and service. We're on 17th, so I'm expecting not much more than a nod in the direction of the table I'm supposed to sit at. Instead, we were greeted by a very friendly host, and had extremely prompt and friendly service the whole night. The guy who brought our food out was clearly very excited to be doing so, and was commenting on how he stared in amazement at the chef making it. When the servers are enthusiastic about the food, it definitely helps the table get into it. So, A+ on service.The drinks were genuinely novel and interesting, including some of the most innovative flavour combinations I've ever had. A cedar-infused black tea burbon cocktail (easy morning rebel) was  the highlight. Sweet, spicy, smoky, it was unbelievable. Their house gin and tonic is also one of a kind and very interesting. The drinks are expensive but justifiable. You'll spend as much at the Ship and Anchor for a run-of-the mill draught.And then.. the brisket. Massive portion for two people. It comes with a number of sides and toppings that you can use to build your own wrap with, into jalapeno corn crepes, and dump au jus all over it. The meat was shockingly tender and had  unique, smoky seasonings, some of which I couldn't put my finger on but were complimentary to the other toppings. It was messy, mushy, multi-textured, and awesome. Crispy tortillas and crunchy sprouts meet soft juicy roast. Will definitely be returning soon.
<review# 433,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2013,8/28/2013,14,128,3,5,3>Over the last couple of years my SO kept talking about Boogies Burgers and how he would visit whenever he was in the area at lunch hour. This, however, never helps me because I am NEVER in the area at lunch hour. Which is why we made a special trip last night to check it out.Boogies Burgers is delicious! I had the veggie burger, and the patty was delicious, a great texture, and even stood up well over the course of my meal. WELL DONE! These are all incredibly challenging things to accomplish with a veggie burger. Believe me. Patties can be difficult when made of beans that spread and separate rather than stick together. Also enjoyed a PB and J milkshake. Don't knock it till you've tried it! The strawberry jam and peanut butter was actually delicious and not at all weird as a milkshake.
<review# 434,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2013,8/27/2013,194,334,3,10,4>What a fantastic Optometrist!When you walk into this location, you cannot help to notice the decor.  A hot pink feature wall with white ceilings, with contemporary design.  I was in love at first sight.What brought me into OpTik sadly was not a routine visit.  I was putting on mascara at  home, and grazed my eye with a qtip during the post makeup cleanup, and watched in horror as the white of my eye started to fill with blood.  I called my doctor and she recommended I hit an optometrist, and OpTik was the closest one to me.The receptionist wasn't horrified or grossed out when I showed up (which is good - it was only me panicing) and she got me in to see the optimestrist. He is not only friendly and sweet, he is as funky as the walls in his business.  He is a snappy dresser, with funky frames and a big smile to match.  I immediately apologized for the grotesqueness of my eye and he assured me that it was not gross, that it was fascinating, and not a concern.  He said if I was going to have an eye injury, this is the one I wanted.  In essence, it was like a bruise, and would clear up on its own with no complications within a week.The visit was covered by Alberta Health Care, so there was no charge.  Just a new business to check in with in my neighborhood.If you are looking for an optometrist in the Riverbend/Quarry Park/DouglasGlen area, check him out!  He is compassionate, caring and the space is just to die for.
<review# 435,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2013,8/26/2013,429,445,8,11,8>Holy crap, Sole. Why the hell have I been going to Nanta's sticky disease-trap this whole time, when I could have been partying with you?! You have the same song selections, your private rooms (and bathroom!) are much cleaner, and at the end of the night; I don't feel it necessary to burn my clothes, bury them and then salt the earth.Perhaps it's because you're located in a top sekrit alley way, accessible only either through said alley or Downtown Food's back door.I like you. Let's be friends. You have food too? Need to come back for that!
<review# 436,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2013,8/25/2013,36,37,1,5,4>I went to Anejo for "The Big Taste" a couple of weeks ago and had the chupacabra roll, the chile relleno, and the tres leches cake. Holy cow: what a knockout of a trio!- Chupacabra roll: deep fried roll of ground beef, enough said.- Chile relleno: it was really tasty but really heavy. I felt like I was harbouring a 10kg delicious brick of cheese in my stomach.- Tres leches cake: a milky, pillowy delight. It was so freaking good!!!I didn't have any of the tequilas but friends I went with did and really liked it. They had an anejo (spanish for 'aged', learned that bit of spanish from our server) tequila which looked fancy.
<review# 437,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2013,8/24/2013,190,342,2,3,3>Was recommended by a couple of people to try here.The place is clean.Service is good.Food is clean (what do I mean? well, the carrots, cucumbers, bean spouts, mint leaves, lime  were all fresh and clean with no brown areas or spots!)The dry vermicelli noodle portion was a bit on the smaller side.The Satay beef pho was yummy.Tucked away across from Holiday Inn, If you're coming off of Macleod trail be sure to turn on your first right otherwise you will by pass the building!!!From Macleod it's before the train tracks, from Blackfoot it's after the train tracks.
<review# 438,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/27/2013,8/23/2013,305,278,3,2,1>How does an independent coffee joint survive the Starbucks and Tim Hortons, right in The Core? There's a Tim Hortons literally 4 doors down. Well, you gotta be awesome. That's how. Free Wifi, friendly staff that know you by first name. The list of lattes isn't long but it's unique. I've had a red velvet latte here but I don't see it anymore, and recently I had the chocolate banana latte, and it tasted like chocolate banana. I don't know that anyone else does these unique flavors. They have soy. I didn't try any desserts but I had a banana bread and it was fresh, soft and moist.Seating is sparse and a bit limited for the amount of people that come here. I've been here on a Tuesday afternoon and it was full. I'm guessing this is the place to play hookie and it's quiet enough to have a conversation. They could turn up the heat a bit, it's cold in here most mornings.
<review# 439,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2013,8/22/2013,35,60,1,6,4>Best Thai I've had in Calgary for sure, comparable to the best Thai I've ever had. Not that I've had a ton but I have a couple favourites in North America - Spoon & Fork in Toronto and Lotus of Siam in Las Vegas. Pa Nang Shrimp Curry was great! - broth looked watery at first but had SO much flavour and the Shrimp and veg were fresh and perfectly cooked. Pad See Ew (wide noodles) was average compared to the other dishes, and the "mountain of chicken" Tamarind dish was addictively good.  Dessert - Mango and sticky rice. A bit salty but in a potato chip sort of "I can't stop eating this" way, and needed more mango. Banana dessert was also great, served with creamy tasty vanilla-toasted coconut ice cream. Can't wait to go back!
<review# 440,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2013,8/21/2013,138,614,,7,5>Thanks to Yelp reviewers reminding me of this establishment. I got my butt to the Humane Society today - my first visit here. I used to go to our local shelter in Ontario all the time and over the years have rescued 3 cats from certain demise. I have never bought an animal at a pet store - too many upon rescue need care and the shelters are always maxed out with animals. Personal choice I guess.I was pretty impressed with this building. The dogs we went to see first and my heart always breaks when I see them as I want to take many of them home with me! They were in circular pods which was a great design idea and there were many pooches to look at. I saw many of them being taken out to go for their walk. Their pods had blankets and food and lots of toys. Their pictures, names and histories are on the wall beside the dogs' viewing window. The descriptions of the dogs are great - very detailed! I saw a staff member going pod to pod playing with the dogs and petting them. Staff were all so friendly and great at answering any questions!I noted that the average price of a dog was about $500. This includes vaccines, neutering, 6 mos of insurance, first vet visit and obedience classes.I noted that there were a lot of pitbulls there on this date as well as various mixes of dogs and they all ranged in age from 2 mos to 7 years old.I saw that some of the dogs had little 'accidents' in their pod likely due to stress and nerves and not for lack of being taken outside. This building was quite clean. The rabbits - holy! There were a lot of them! They all had their separate areas as did the cats and kittens (super cute!) Birds too! And a 7 foot boa that was hiding so we could not see him and that was ok!I got some dry and wet cat food from the little store inside there - all proceeds I was told go right back into the Humane Society so I was happy to be able to do that. I always give when I see a fundraiser going on for the shelter especially around X-mas-time and I was really happy to see where the money goes.If I win the lotto, I would write a big cheque immediately to this organization.My only comment was that no one for the whole time we were there was at reception, so we just guided ourselves through. I must have gone around to see the dogs and cats 6 times.I will be back here soon!
<review# 441,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2013,8/20/2013,130,261,4,6,3>I am so damn pleased with Seniore's. Friday night, feeling super lazy, and decided to call for take out than get into my kitchen, blegh. I called up Seniore's, and ordered two pizzas- one Greek Vegetarian with added fresh spinach, and one Salute Vegetarian...both with no cheese.The crust was honestly the best I have had in a very long time. crisp on the outside, but still so soft. Daaaamn. The selection of toppings and veggies were on point. I thought of adding some vegan cheese to these and throwing them in the oven for a few months, but seriously, no need. I loved this, because I didn't feel like I was going to seize into a greasy food coma. We will meet again, Seniore.
<review# 442,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2013,8/19/2013,26,47,3,9,5>I like going to Monki for breakfast because I know I'll always get great service. And on Sunday mornings, I usually need all the enthusiasm and smiles I can get from other people - something that's almost always guaranteed with a Monki visit. The chorizo eggs benedict is amazing! I think some breakfast places need to rethink the "heavy breakfast" idea because their servings are bordering on excessive - that was not the case for Monki. The serving was just the right size that you can actually finish your order without feeling sluggish after a filling breakfast. I liked the brisket hash too. It was a little oily but it still came out full of flavor. The Macaroni and cheese - I cannot even begin to explain how good this is. Just order it. I usually cannot say no to mac and cheese so I ordered this at 9am. It's full of lobster flavors, it's cheesy and it has bacon - everything you can ask for in a mac and cheese!Thanks Monki for serving great breakfast! You guys are breakfast rock stars!! :)
<review# 443,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2013,8/18/2013,266,478,7,7,4>I'm open to suggestions. If someone randomly stops me on my tracks to insist on me trying their favourite new joint, I wouldn't hesitate to oblige them. Especially if they're pretty and possibly rich.In this case it was more rugged and possibly deadly. And when my buddy Harker told me about Jalepenos, I couldn't say no because he was about to rip my arm off."ANGELO, You gotta try this wicked Mexican taquiera. 3 Words, Beef Tounge Tacos"So it sat rattling around in my mind for weeks until I happened to get a chance for a lunch hang with my friend Steph on a friday. We strolled in here and immediately we recalled our best taco experiences and began to contrast the experience here.First off, they had a sign that said "We do not serve "alcohol" here" followed by a spanish translation.Next their fast-food-esque service entailed having to order your food in the front. We decided on their tortilla and taco with the option to try as much meats as we wanted. My heart interjected and demanded it's weight in beef tongue, but we also went for chorizo and adobado. On top of things we tried their guacamole, and horchata.*cracks fingers* allright here we go:The tortillas and tacos were amazing, they held up their end of the deal and delivered the tasty fillings without any of the dodgy messes involved with poorly formed shells.The fillings were fresh. I wasn't too picky about which veggies went where but freshness counts and I had no complaints. Their salsa bar was simplified to three sections: Mild, Medium, and RECTUM REQUIEM.The meat. Oh the glorious meat. The Beef Tounge was so soft and as a boy raised having to eat his weight in offal, this was done WELL. So buttery and meaty. The same could be said for the adobado, but although the chorizo wasn't as standout.Their Guac is made fresh on order, tasty but I think some people might think it too salty. I often load mine up to adjust the taste and this was just perfect.Finally their horchata was refreshing and creamy. My friend tried it for the first time and her mind was blown away. My friend had it for the first time and forgot the point she was making mid conversation.Jalapenos blew my mind. Despite lacking the experience in real Mexican Taquieras, save for the dodgy but deluctable street taco I has in Nuevo Vallarta, this felt like a whole new experience to me worth revisiting and worth the awkward track across the city.
<review# 444,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2013,8/17/2013,45,146,2,3,2>OMG. Why have I never been here since my move?????????I haven't eaten in 5 days because all food has been tasted pre-made and disgusting. I had a hankering for a veggie Sammy - woo hoo!!!Pick all your fixings and hand in a slip - prepare for a Delish ride. Fresh bread, fresh veggies, I even went all out and had cheese!!DH had a 1/2 turkey and said it was really good. Our 6 year old had the beef lasagna with a side Caesar salad. Salad tasted great, lasagna looked & smelled great - they also have a vegetarian option!!!!!I had a full veggie with Dijon on wheat, 2 cheeses & all the fixings.2 beers ( Kronenburg Blanc) & Cream SodaCame to just under $50, which may seem steep, but not if you appreciate fresh food.All enjoyed on a picnic bench in the shade with our dogs. Sweet family dinner.I'm already thinking of coming back tomorrow....seriously, get there.Thank you guys!!
<review# 445,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/11/2013,8/16/2013,43,166,2,2,2>The food is decent, and a very good thing is that the hot sauce and spices are on a separate table, so you can mix it yourself. If you are allergic to hot and spicy Thai food, you can still enjoy this place!
<review# 446,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2013,8/15/2013,12,33,2,3,4>My review is based exclusively on the pool experience, i.e., Raw Bar's patio. In landlocked Calgary, it's hard to get better than this!I went for their 1999 Party; $19.99 for bottles of prosecco and $0.99 oysters, which they are running every Friday from 4-7pm for the summer (with the possibility of extension - yeeeaa!)It was a warmish but not super hot day (20C), so my friend and I had no problem getting a table. After a minor hiccup (our server was not aware of the 1999 special), we were off and running. The prosecco was FAB and the oysters a-ok for it being out of season. (This is something I learned later that evening; don't eat oysters during months without Rs.) Other bonuses: great music/atmosphere, really interesting conversations to eavesdrop (come on, we all love it), lots of other food to choose from, and free wifi use. The only downside is that because it's a hotel pool, there was one kid in the pool, but he was well behaved. :)Get to Raw Bar's pool before the summer is over! You don't need to be a guest!
<review# 447,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2013,8/14/2013,40,81,2,3,1>I've had Avatara 3 different times and have used the highly scientific calculator residing in my brain to determine it's overall ranking.  First time - off the truck, had the Picasso, beyond amazing.Second time - at the shop, had the Picasso, pretty good.Third time - takeout, had a pepperoni with pineapple on a gluten-free crust, pretty good.I think the reason that the pizza hasn't been amazing the last 2 times is that it needs a little more moisture from the toppings.  Yeah yeah, it's on a thin crust so you don't want it to sog, but I'm not a heavy drooler and I think the oven dries the toppings out just a bit too much.The gluten free crust is amazing - probably the best GF crust I've had.  Bottom line - this is a great option for people dietary restrictions, or those heavy droolers out there.
<review# 448,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2013,8/13/2013,63,47,,5,1>First off, I love Shawarma's! They are the best of everything really. Flavourful, heavy in a good way, lots of veggies, lots of protein (depending on what you get) and just plain delicious. A lot of people think that Shawarma's taste the same everywhere but NO they really do not. I think Sammy's does Shawarma's a great justice because mine had an abundance of everything and the flavour was fantastic. And I love when you're handed a Shawarma and it weighs like 5 lbs. The sir that was working here when I ordered was super friendly and he did not cheap out on my Shawarma. A big high-five for this place, my new go to Shawarma joint downtown.
<review# 449,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2013,8/12/2013,40,48,2,6,4>Awesome way to spend a night out. Whether you are sitting on the lounge or restaurant side, its obvious this place is happening! The constant use of Manchego cheese, makes every dish that much better. The service is awesome too! I've always appreciated restaurants that had unique food and servers that would explain to you what each dish was. They do offer a tasting menu, which I highly recommend. That way, you're able to be delighted by various items throughout their menu. Definite highlight? Dessert! Churros served alongside chocolate ganache! What could be better than dipping something so sweet and perfect, into something that is so sweet and perfect! Haha I'm a chocolate lover...its obvious! Anyways, I will definitely be back and I can't wait!
<review# 450,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2013,8/11/2013,136,590,2,3,2>Everyone knows breakfast is the most important meal and frankly breakfast is my favorite meal of the day. In fact I could probably eat breakfast foods for all three meals per day... I love it that much! Don't be intimidated by the line at the Belmont Diner (there will be a line) it moves fairly quickly and man is it worth the wait. This place is fantastic. The boyfriend and I split a huge omelet and also ordered one pancake on the side. The best part, they can make your pancake into any shape you want. My friend got a transformer and I opted for a unicorn. Talk about talent! Our food was unreal, the service was great and frankly there is no place I would rather spend my morning. I love you forever Belmont diner!
<review# 451,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2013,8/10/2013,67,339,,4,2>Dr Hart is a great doctor.  I've been going to her for a few years now (and I think she still accepts new patients from time to time - awesome!). She has moved locations a couple of times but has always stayed in the mid SW.What I like about her as a doctor:She is calm, friendly and has a good mix of doctor and compassionShe draws everything for you so you understand how things workShe believes there are several ways to solve most problems, explains them all well and gives you a choiceShe doesn't use too much jargon but doesn't over simplify things eitherEasy to get an appointment in a decent amount of timeShe remembers you from visit to visitNice clinic she currently works in, easy to get toNever too rushedWhat I don't like:Always about 30 minutes behind schedule, even first thing. Grrrr.I searched for a family doctor a LONG time after moving to Calgary and saw  a few terrible ones. Dr Hart was a welcome change!
<review# 452,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2013,8/9/2013,62,103,9,8,4>I don't have any children. But, I imagine seeing your car after an intense hailstorm is a lot like seeing your kid after they do a front flip off the swing set and land on their face. Even though YOU don't physically hurt, you still feel the pain vicariously. Such was the case when I stepped out of the Toad N' Turtle after a night of wings and beer to see my battered Acura.I went through the various stages of "car damage grief" - first, I denied the damage was as bad as I thought. Then, I got angry - furious with a righteous fervour against all of nature, the only enemy I couldn't sucker punch. I soon reached depression - this was going to cost me. I would need to pick up a lot more freelance writing projects about hotels and monkey sex and whatnot to pay it off.Why oh why do I insist on driving anything other than a beater?Because of heated seats and the ability to pass anybody any time I feel like it and the fact that it makes me feel like an over accomplished 20-something even though I'm not. That's why. Sigh.So I begrudgingly called my insurance company. As fate would have it, thousands of cars became dimpled messes during that downpour, so I would have to wait almost 8 months to get in anywhere.When the phone call finally did come from Confident PDR (the PDR stands for paintless dent removal), I could barely hear the girl on the other end. Now, I was in a touring band for awhile which left me with a terrible case of "ring-all-the-time" ears, but I'm certainly not deaf. After cranking up my phone and barking like a senior, I had an appointment set up for the next day (hooray! Speediness at last!) for an assessment. I arrived at the shop bright and early, eager to pick up my rental (I was SURE they were going to lend me an Audi R8) from Enterprise and get to work.Now, not that you should really care about the aesthetics of the car shop fixing your dents, but I just wanted to say that I have no idea how the people who work here go there every day without feeling a soul-crushing depression.There's no art on the walls, no color anywhere - just white, some desks and a stout little coffee machine gurgling away in the corner. But then - what's this?! I was accosted by an extremely cute Yorkie that seemed to brighten the room right up. A guy took my keys and went out to look at my car. I played with the dog, who seemed particularly fond of slowly inching out of petting range, then whining until I moved over to scratch it some more.Alas, all that cuteness couldn't prepare me for the shock that was to come. $3,000+ dollars in damage. Yikes. Even given the damage on my car, that seemed a bit high - I'd had two doors repaired and repainted after some crazy lady backed into me and it came to only slightly more than what they were charging. Then again, I don't really know what's involved in bodywork, so, that could be totally reasonable. Thank the Lord for insurance.So I dropped off my car the next Monday, was told it would take three business days. Guess what?! It took exactly one. I got my car back Wednesday morning. FAST! EFFICIENT! And my car no longer looks like a golf ball. The staff was friendly and the phone calls were prompt - and that darn little dog is just too cute.At the end of the day, this is a reliable place to get your dents taken out - and it was fast too. Staff are friendly, but they do need to turn up their phone; and for pete's sake, at $3,000 a pop, you can afford to put up a poster or something.Would recommend.
<review# 453,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2013,8/8/2013,53,400,3,3,5>I've been back many times for lunch, and finally had the opportunity to come for dinner tonight.  It was AWESOME!!!Great beer selections and awesome menu. We had the beet salad, steak, fiddlehead ferns and duck fat poutine.  The fiddlehead ferns were delicious...I probably could have done without the poutine LOL (also delicious though!).The service was great - very attentive, they addressed us by name from our reservation, Chef Connie stopped by to make sure everything was OK with our meal.  I love Charcut!
<review# 454,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/31/2013,8/7/2013,157,283,3,8,6>On a mission to teach our kids more about different cuisines and cultures we decided to seek out Russian food for dinner one night.  This cute little deli is very noticeable on 14th Street SW but you could almost miss it if you didn't take the time to pull over and explore (which you should).From the moment we walked in we were cheerily greeted by the happy lady working in the back.  We took our time and browsed through all the intriguing items on the shelves, in the cooler(s) and even had to try hard to guess at some things since we could not read Russian.Having a mix of Ukrainian and German in me I was well versed in the cuisine consisting of borscht, sauerkraut, perogies and cabbage rolls....all staples from my childhood.So we decided our supper would be borscht, a spicy carrot salad, perogies (potato/bacon, cheese/potato), cabbage rolls, a huge roll of Kiev salami, and a bag of bread sticks shaped like an O.  Fantabulous.  We bought it, drove home, warmed and cooked what we needed to and sat down to feast.  Every bite was super tasty and delicious. The one item we didn't get and will come back for is the cherry perogies (drooling).This cozy little deli is chalked full of Russian delicacies and a place you should check out.
<review# 455,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2013,8/6/2013,5,69,2,4,4>Being of German/Russian descent, my mom took me here for a lovely lunch. It was absolutely amazing! The moment you walk in there are endless places to look. The gift store is pretty much all on the right. Couldn't help ooohing & aaahing my way through. They had amazing hand made wooden clock carvings. In fact alot of unique German items. We both giggled at how they even had magazines written in German. For us it wasn't just a walk through a store. It was getting in touch with our heritage. So bravo for even having this place in existence!As we wound our way through, you come to the mini section with breads. They have a pretty good selection of German types here. My mom opted to get a loaf of the hearty white German bread(which we split in half). Then the deli section. Gollleee! Don't think I've ever seen sooo many types of sausage in my life before. The woman behind the counter was nice enough to let us sample. We kept asking what each one was. She said she's new, but asked a more experienced staff member for us. Unfortunately as I write this, didn't make note of the deli meats bought & eaten. It was sooo delish that all gone now. But one was a ham with rosemary woven through. Another was a pork loin. You can get them sliced any way you wish. I encourage you trying something totally different. So you're not confused, you pay for any deli items at the first cash register there. Store/gift items at the cash register in that part. Then you get to another section where you can order more German yum yum items. Still in the deli part but to the left. All sorts of warm items like Cabbage Rolls etc. Either take out or eat in. Whatever you do, you must "not" leave the place without trying at least one(although it's hard to only have just one lol) dessert item. The German Chocolate layer cake is to DIE for!! My mom & I shared a piece and she said, "Now this is the "actual" way it's meant to taste & be done." Sooo light and the whipping cream oh my gosh...ok my mouth is watering even typing this(drool drool). Trust me, we bought other items too filled a box with it. We were there in the early afternoon & it was busy. Thus, while deciding, we let other people go ahead of us. Total kudos to the staff who were totally quick & efficient.Alot of choices to be had then at the lunch counter. We ordered a pork dish & also a sausage with a few sides. Proceeded to share as well. They have 3 different choices of condiments to add. Found where the cutlery is. I like how they have such a variety of warm items to choose. And also specials of the day. In case you don't like the sides given with the dish. You can choose your own sides. I took a scalloped type potato. The portions are quite large. Even had to take some home.The little cafe that you can eat in is so quaint. Decorated on the walls with art & items you can buy. They ask that you leave the dishes/cutlery on the table. Were very prompt at picking up & cleaning.This place is amazing! Can't say enough about it. Even if you aren't German/ Russian or European it's definitely worth a visit. It made for a most memorable day, that I'll never forget. Will I be back....is there any question? The craving for it's delicacies are drawing me back already(and it's only been a week lol).
<review# 456,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2013,8/5/2013,25,170,,1,2>With Chiasso gone from the area (the landlord terminated their lease--funny that it is correctly marked as closed on Yelp but not on Chiasso's own website), there was a need for a great coffee shop in the area (some might say Caffe Beano, but I'm not a fan of their service).  We went in yesterday afternoon and ordered a vanilla latte and a caramel latte.  Although mine (caramel) was a bit too sweet, it was one of the best lattes I've ever had.  The cashier / barista was very nice, too.You might be able to find parking depending what time you go, but this is a very busy area.I'll definitely be back to Analog.
<review# 457,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2013,8/4/2013,3,17,,3,3>What a place to come and have a great evening.The communal table, large beer list and decor make for a great experience. We dropped in for a few drinks and snacks before our night out. It was packed on Friday night, but everyone was willing to shuffle over and make room.The beer list is expansive, plus they have several large TV's that show the status of all the beers they serve, it was a nice touch.We had the wings, a little light in size for the $14 price tag, but still great tasting. The place had such a great vibe, the lights, oversized fans and the free ping pong tables!!I didn't head into the bourbon room, my biggest regret, but next time I will head straight into the room to take a look and have a few.Also there is a bowling alley under the restaurant that will be open in October. Can't wait to return.
<review# 458,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/31/2012,8/3/2013,47,68,,4,3>I was invited here by an old friend and told me they had just recently opened and should try their coffee!I'm usually up for a good cappachino or latte -who isn't?! haha. Today's choice was a latte (see photo)... It was delicious. Just the right temperature and it was richly flavored; I mean the kind of coffee that feels smooth in your mouth. good stuff.This place is chill. it's located on 4th street across from the Safeway... this place wasn't the blind monk before, was it? Ohhh how time flies.One of the things I noticed was that they didn't have different sizes for their drinks... :POn chilly winter days before us, this place is indeed a haven to relax your feet and mind and is obviously here to serve you up some coffee, tea, and treats.Peace!
<review# 459,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2013,8/2/2013,6,33,,4,3>We discovered Red Tree Catering at One Yellow Rabbit's 2013 Wine Stage. Red Tree had an amazing dessert buffet of carre fours, brownies, macarons and other eye-pleasing and delicious sweet treats.Their shop in Marda Loop is contemporary and clean with a decent selection of appetizers, salads, entrees and desserts. There is a small yet solid selection of gourmet sauces, spices, teas and dips. Service is always friendly and helpful. Take-out pricing for Red Tree is somewhere between Sunterra and Mercato. I think Red Tree's beef, spinach & ricotta lasagna is the best in town (it's not heavy and packed full of cheese/ beef which is great!).I would recommend Red Tree for a special dinner at home... Just be prepared to pay for quality.  I'm tempted to try out their catering services in the future based on their consistently tasty take-out.
<review# 460,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2013,8/1/2013,33,247,2,3,4>Food trucks are awesome, so why not have a shawarma?An hour and a half ago I called my buddy and asked if he wanted to go for lunch and he suggested we hit up a food truck. Shawarma In Motion was right near our buildings, so we walked over and luckily got there right before the line developed. I ordered a beef shawarma ($9) and then attempted to check in on Yelp and realized no one had put it up yet! Having never tried shawarma before, I was expecting more of a donair style of sandwich but was pleasantly surprised when it was quite different instead. The sandwich I was provided was very delicious and very filling. The beef was cooked to a light crisp on some of the edges and served with some fresh veges in a grilled pita. All in all a great lunch for quite cheap.If you want to find out where the Shawarma in Motion truck is, you should check out one of the food truck apps that're available in your phone's app store. You could also check out Twitter or Facebook (facebook.com/pages/Shawa).
<review# 461,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2013,7/31/2013,14,61,2,3,2>My Rotary Club meets here on Tuesday evenings. I enjoy the meeting space; we've had meeting rooms, the bar, larger rooms for presentations. The staff are professional, though my questions generally don't get much more complicated than, "which room is the Rotary Club in?"We order appetizers and drinks for the group. The apps are always creative and tasty, though I have on occasion noticed a lack of vegetarian options some days. I'm not a vegetarian though, so I've never made an issue of it.It's a nice space. I am generally envious of the people lounging around the pool - which is a courtyard situated in the centre of the building. One day I want to be one of those loungers.
<review# 462,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2013,7/30/2013,19,165,2,5,4>Manna from the heavens! Millrise was in need of a pick-me-up in terms of its dining - enter Peter Kinjo. The man who opened the original Kinjo on Macleod Tr in 2005 and expanded to Dalhousie in 2011 has struck again, opening his third location in the city, and it is a most welcome new restaurant. The original location is notorious for its limited 65-person seating, hyperspeed turnover, and raucous atmosphere - Millrise follows closer to the Dalhousie model in its sprawling interior, but retains the fast food service and upbeat atmosphere. The interior design is warm and inviting, with three distinct themes throughout (my wife lamented that the kitchen area itself resembled a cafeteria). Their general organization in the entire restaurant would not have you believe this place was only opened to the public five days beforehand - smooth and efficient. And of course you have popular "Pocky boy" Andre spreading cheers through the dining room, singing four birthday songs in the 45 minutes we were there.Of course, interior design and atmosphere will only get you so far in the restaurant business, so the element that Kinjo has maintained to the highest standards in all three locations is the most important: the food. My wife and I ordered the kissing dragons roll, some assorted pieces, gyoza and the sauteed long beans. It was the Sunday dinner rush (likely close to 70 people in the whole restaurant), and we received all of our food within 10 minutes of ordering it. The sushi was as fresh and delicious as it always is in a Kinjo location - I don't want to claim its the best in the city, but...The best part of this place is its proximity to home, literally a stone's throw away. On second thought, that may be the worst part. Very excited to come back here again and again.
<review# 463,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2013,7/29/2013,165,224,3,6,5>The first time I went to Milk Tiger, I didnt particularly like it. It smelled funny and everything seemed dreary. But the second time was very enjoyable. I'll admit it, I'm not a cocktail person. Maybe some mojitos once in a while, but majority of the time I like sipping on wine. And occasionally beer or an aperitif, depending on my mood.So the huge cocktail list at Milk Tiger is never a draw for me. But the atmosphere is really nice. It is always packed, usually with good-looking, well-dressed people. (Seriously Calgary, it wont hurt to dress up when heading out for a change!) So I feel at ease when I walk in in a dress or heels or anything fancy. Last time I went, I was very particular and asked for an amontillado sherry. They didnt have anything like that on their drinks list but the bartender found an Alvear sherry for me and I highly enjoyed it. The cheese plate was a very good accompaniment too. Very chill, trendy place for drinks in Calgary. The tiny, almost non-existent signage outside makes it hard to find and that adds a touch of cool.
<review# 464,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2013,7/28/2013,25,81,,4,1>I've never had pizza from here that I can remember. I only ever come for the chicken souvlaki. The Chicken is juicy and tender and you get so much on your plate for the price! I can never finish it all which honestly they should probably change their portion sizes especially the sides. It's good though!I've been coming here for years and I've never had a bad meal yet. I'm hesitant on the pizza after reading some of your reviews. That's okay though I have other pizza loves in my life. The service is always good it's never too busy. The food doesn't take that long it's all good to me.I had a take out lasagna from here once and it was good too. From what I remember the pasta was on the harder side which I actually like but it's not for everyone.
<review# 465,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2013,7/27/2013,22,201,3,4,5>I've been to the lunch buffet here twice. What strikes me (and I hope doesn't strike you!) is the shortened entrance that's been carved out of wood.   I'm not THAT tall particularly compared to men... but I feel like I barely clear the frame.  Watch for this if you're around 6' or more! At $12 p/p it's a pretty good deal for NW India fare.  The first time the food was spiced wonderfully but the second time it was spiced to "not offend" so I don't really know where the average buffet comes in for spice level.   The food is good and warm and I end up eating a bit more than planned.  Buffet is heavily vegetarian which I like but it's not something everyone wants.  Nann is good and they are fast with the refills.   I find drink service on top of the buffet to be a bit spotty - I think you're expected to just have water? The dessert bar is what stands out above some other options for Indian around there  - I love the mango custard with fruit and it's not something you find on every buffet.  Probably not my favorite Indian buffet or with the most selections but it's definitely the better of them around my home region of town.
<review# 466,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2013,7/26/2013,33,81,,4,3>Being born in Acadia, I was raised on thin crust Gondola pizza. When I moved up to the NE this past fall, I felt like a stranger in my own city. I've spent my entire life in south Calgary and never had a reason to come up north other than to play hockey. When I discovered there was a Gondola Pizza only blocks from my house, I was as happy as a summer camp kid getting a box of cookies from home.Any time in my life I've ordered from Gondola it's always been the same thing - Hawaiian pizza with mushrooms. What's funny about that order even though it sounds rather plain is that I hate mushrooms. Hate them. Mortal enemies. Yet for some reason, on the thin crust of Gondola, they're not only tolerable but the 'za just wouldn't be the same. There's something about the thin crust and the slightly greasiness that adding mushrooms caps it off perfectlyOn my most recent excursion there, I didn't want to share my bounty with my roommates so I called and placed a pick-up order. My pizza was piping hot and ready by the time I got there, and because I chose to pick-up my dinner, the owner threw in 2 free cans of coke. If the pizza wasn't enough to bring me back again (which it is), that little added touch of customer service would be.Some people might hate on them cause it's not as cheap as the $5 deals, and we're not talking gourmet pizza here, but trust me when I say if you're looking to munch on some 'za that'll keep you coming back for more, you can't go wrong with Gondola Pizza.
<review# 467,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2013,7/25/2013,14,30,,6,5>When I booked, I sent a little note to the restaurant about it being a special occasion. Where other restaurants have disappointed, Muse pleasantly surprised us!Service:We arrived and gave the host my reso name, he led us to a nice booth. Our server then brought over 2 glasses of complimentary champagne because it was a special occasion! Our server was great throughout the night. One of the owners came by and chatted, she was very hands on through our dining experience and we could tell she really cared. Food:The food here is wonderful, the new owners were smart to keep that popcorn because it is amazing. We had the oysters to start, and the pork and lamb dishes. They also boast a wonderful wine list. We were very satisfied!
<review# 468,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2013,7/24/2013,29,32,2,3,3>I am so pleased that we gave Sushi Bar Zipang a second chance, after receiving terrible service on our first visit. We have been back a few times now, and are very impressed with the quality of the fish, the traditional preparations, the friendly staff, and the overall environment. You pay a bit more than some places, but you're paying for freshness! Also, portions are quite generous, with large slices of fish. A bowl of tuna/salmon don comes with beautiful, generous slices of fish; rolls don't have any 'filler' and are well done. We have had tae out as well, which was tasty and efficient, yet not quite as good as enjoying it fresh in the restaurant. This small, authentic, restaurant is now a local sushi favorite!
<review# 469,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2013,7/23/2013,17,31,2,6,2>Oh. My. Goodness. Thank the food Gods, I've finally found pad thai to rival that from the streets of Koh San Road in Bangkok! I have been on the lookout for decent Thai food for ages, and today was my lucky day! Chang Rai is an average looking restaurant from the outside, and exactly how you would expect it to look on the inside. Even its menu is exactly what you would expect. But what these guys have figured out is how to make a fabulous dish of pad thai, complete with chicken, tofu, veggies and bean sprouts on top! I didn't try anything else on the menu, and I probably won't! This pad thai is worth driving for, so hop in your car and get out to Cochrane for a tasty treat!--L
<review# 470,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2013,7/22/2013,13,73,,5,3>Stopped in today to top-up our seed supply and pick up some potting soil for getting started inside, under the lights. Not as large as some of the other garden centers, but a MUCH better selection of local, organic and heritage seeds. Good selection of watering tools and accessories and the usual decorative tchotchkes, and a great range of greenhouse options (from basic plastic pipe and poly to full-on aluminum and glass). All this, coupled with the small but highly specific set of books for sale, suggest this is a place for the serious gardener (hence my wife's insistence that we stop and check it out).  We had great service from the young man working with the bedding plants, a middle-aged man who came out to answer some questions, and the young woman working the till. However, I see that another recent reviewer reported a very different experience, so your mileage may vary. Will definitely be back (probably this week) to pick up some super-sweet alpine strawberries.
<review# 471,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2013,7/21/2013,16,16,7,13,4>I don't usually like to review something unless it's a relatively entertaining story, but I love these guys so much, I just have to give them the props for it - bare with me!Deer Valley Barber Shoppe may be a little more pricy than the VIP Zellers hair salon, but the extra couple bucks you spend is definitely worth it.  The owner: an old school, hard-working, family-oriented Lebanese guy who always does a solid job.  This dude is in there 6 days a week, open til close, is a man of few words, but always remains friendly with a smile on his face.  Now you're asking me, what the fuck does that have to do with the haircut Hayden?  The haircut is great okay, I just figured a little back story would be cool.Most of the time it's him working alongside one other barber.  I always wait it out for the owner because he knows exactly how I like my hair chopped, but all of the employees are great at their craft and will do a more than acceptable job.  Not sure about prices for other services but it's $17 for a cut and $15 for a buzz, plus a buck or two for a tip (if you're not a cheap ****).One final rant:  In the last year, the personality-filled Deer Valley Mall has been demolished to become a strip mall, just like EVERY OTHER PART OR TOWN/NORTH AMERICA.  The Deer Valley Mall had funky clothing stores, a weird novelty store, a local bakery, regular characters, etc and now it's a strip mall with a Booster Juice, a Starbucks, and a Wal-Mart.  This guy was able to stick around through the "cloning process".  Point being:  SUPPORT YOUR LOCAL BUSINESSES!
<review# 472,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2013,7/20/2013,34,185,6,5,4>I love Kinjo, but apparently so does everyone else because the line up to eat here is INSANE!Kinjo doesn't take reservations - so for our sushi loving group of 8 we've either done senior citizens' dinner at 4 PM or it's a "2nd dinner" at 8 PM to avoid our previous failed attempts to dine at regular eatin' time (we've waited an hour before!)Complimentary sushi was brought out to us as we placed our drink and food orders - a nice touch! Even with our large group, all our food came out within 15 mins of ordering (both sushi and hot dishes). The servers came by frequently to clear our empty plates and fill drinks, and of course what our group calls "POCKY TIME!" came shortly after we finished eating.  We were in and out of here in 45 mins - a record for us and honestly it's for the best. That line up is because of people who sit and dawdle (and sometimes stare!) at the people waiting for a table - DUDE GET UP AND GET OUT ALREADY I AM H-ANGRY!!!The food is always fresh here (I recommend the spicy crunch roll and the agedashi tofu), the servers are quick and are always smiling - and if you're lucky sometimes Peter Kinjo is around entertaining and that guy is a hoot lol
<review# 473,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2013,7/19/2013,75,130,2,5,4>I've been west of Austin since 2007 and the only good pizza until Monday, 8 July 2013 was The Sausage Factory in San Francisco's Castro District, 517 Castro St, San Francisco, California 94114. That's a long drive from Calgary just to get a good pizza. But if you're in SF, this is the place to go for a good pizza. Hit the Hot Cookie if it is still there and don't forget In-N-Out Burger as well.Okay, back from the now obvious food coma, I was at Yelp! event at the Endeavor Arts Gallery & Event Space for which Lorenzo's Pizzeria was there along with the Springbank Cheese Co, Jameson's, and Epiphanie Chocolate. The gathering was a fundraiser for Neighborhood Link.I noticed there was free pizza and since I was sort of hungry, I though, eh, what the hell?I got a slice of the Canadian I believe it was which had Pepperoni, Mushrooms and Bacon. The sauce was a perfect tangy mess. Such full rich tomato taste. The crust, perfectly cooked and not doughy at all. I thought I was in SF except for the spirit of Calgary in the air which brought me down to earth. When I returned, I realized now I could drive / walk about 2 km for a good pizza instead of 2100+ km.So, leaving at 8:30pm from the event, we decided we wanted to get a full size pizza. Got the small round pizza (12 inch/30.5 cm) which is 2 for $24.95 with 3 toppings each. One with pepperoni, bacon, and onion and the other with pepperoni, olives, and something else. This took about 30 minutes but you could not ask for a better pizza this side of Austin or anywhere north of SF.My previous pizza joint, Canadian Pizza Unlimited, is so hit or miss for quality that I had given up on pizza. Now, I have Lorenzo's which is closer to my residence, delivers late, and taste great but it is more filling.This goes to show you that attending Yelp! events does pay off even if it's free for attendees and the business provide free goods. See you next week, Lorenzo's!
<review# 474,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/25/2013,7/18/2013,6,39,5,6,4>I was on disaster relief duty with The Calgary Highlanders on June 22nd, helping move sandbags from a flatbed truck into a front-end loader in anticipation of throwing them in the river to stop the houses on 8th Avenue from falling into the Bow River, when some crazy dude on a Peter-Parker like scooter came riding up. Free pizzas from somewhere. Our platoon of 30 Highlanders gratefully accepted the manna and went back to work.Then the guy came back. This time with some Indian food in addition to six more pizzas - the capacity of the little carrier on the back of the scooter.By now we had finished moving the 125,000 pounds of sandbags or whatever it was, and the platoon commander was ordering us to the river bank to move the sandbags from where the front-end loader had dumped them, into the bucket of an excavator. Turns out the Bow River, which was like 6 feet higher than normal or something, had torn away about 100 feet of shoreline, and was still eroding the bank because of the volume and speed of the current. The City of Calgary engineers were using heavy equipment to dump Jersey barriers into the river, and our sandbags were going in next, all in an attempt to slow the flow, and save the houses that were now just 40 feet or so from extinction on the unstable bank.And here comes the pizza guy with another round of pizza, and Indian tacos.A long story short (you can read the long story at calgaryhighlanders.com), the City Engineers saved the day (with the help of a few good Highlanders), and just as we were mounting the trucks to go riding off into the sunset (literally) - damned if that guy on the scooter didn't zip past with another load of pizzas and tacos.The tacos were really quite good - I've never tried this variety - and my platoon mates all thought the pizza was great - nothing fancy, just honest-to-goodness, old fashioned ingredients.Like some of the other reviews I just glanced at, I have to admit, I am a bit amazed at the name, as I certainly know what "without papers" means and saw fistfights break out in high school over the use of the abbreviation of that term.The generosity was greatly appreciated, and the quality of the food seemed good, though admittedly, we had been eating army rations for 24 hours and our breakfast had consisted of mystery meat sandwiches and Doritos. I guess the caterer didn't know how to make bacon and eggs. But I digress. Definitely worth a try.
<review# 475,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2013,7/17/2013,89,72,4,2,5>Hey Mister and Misses thrifty pants! Are you on the way to Costco in the Northeast? Pack a few extra empty cardboard boxes into the trunk and head across the street for the cheapest used house wares since grandma Gretchen's garage sale.Need some candle holders? How about ones shaped like a lighthouses? Company is coming but you lack a futon to rest them? Nothing says comfort like dusty pine. Broke your popcorn popper? Break another one for just a few dollars!I was delighted to find a set of twelve 1988 Olympic champagne flutes for 25 cents each, plus a Wacky Wednesday discount of a further 15% off! I also snagged a few gently used tea towels for a modest price. My afternoon, and cupboard was filled after cramming a crate with another man's junk using just the change in my pocket.If Value Village (a stone's throw down the street) was a disappointment check out this thrift shop before you fill the back seat with all of the other amazing goodies from retailers surrounding this gold mine!
<review# 476,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2013,7/16/2013,98,157,2,4,4>Mmm-mmm-mmm-MMM!From the moment you walk in to Village Ice Cream, your olfactory system is graciously slapped with the luscious aroma of fresh-griddled waffle cones. It is a smell reminiscent of Molly Moon's in Seattle (where I heard that Billy, the owner, trained as part of his preparation in establishing Village ... so that makes logical sense). As we were walking up, the "industrial" setting of the business also reminded me of the time Jessica and I visited Franklin Fountain in Philadelphia (an equally reputable bastion of excellent ice cream, albeit with a different approach).But the best thing about the initial impression of Village, and my associations with these two Colossi of Creameries, is that while these two serve up some of the best frozen dairy on opposite ends of the U.S. coast, THIS ONE is right in my own concrete back yard. And you know what's amazing? It's maybe even better than both of them.The flavours are fantastic, I needn't say more. But it is the passion that really gets me. It is the way that the Billy's eyes lit-up as he told me I HAVE to try the homemade hot fudge over my Maple Pecan/Salted Caramel combo. It is the way his staff gushed over the deliciousness of the product. These are the things that, for me, pushes an establishment from being "amazing" to being "the best."The last thing I will say is that I am so happy that there is an ICE CREAM place this good in Calgary. I love gelato, really, I do, but it is a breath of fresh air to see a high-caliber ice cream place up there with the gelaterias. It is kind of like when somebody decides to do good pizza, but not necessarily Napoletana. Now that I've finished writing this review, my biggest struggle for the rest of the day will be to fight off my craving for Village Ice Cream. It is a happy burden.
<review# 477,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2013,7/12/2013,35,291,2,7,2>Deep in the heart of Calgarystan lies a gateway to epic Indian food.  The locals have greedily kept it a secret from me..until now, muhaha!  Cheap ($10.99), diverse, and high quality, it does not get any better than this.  I'm a serious carnivore, but didn't feel short changed at all with the 100% vegetarian menu here: e.g. half a dozen seasoned rices, just as many bean curries, pakoras, paneer curry, samosas, various delicious potato and cauliflower preparations, pizza, milk dumplings, awesome caramel bananas, other sweets and if you must...fruit and salad :-DAnother great thing here is the naan, which is fresh and repeatedly handed out table side.  This is handy for mopping up and taming the flavourful and cumulatively spicy curry sauces.  Excuse me, I'm salivating as I reminisce.
<review# 478,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2013,7/11/2013,78,111,,5,3>Recently Sidewalk Citzen Bakery relocated back to Kensington (where they started) and into the renovated Sunnyside Natural Market, and started serving up delicious delicious treats.Gourmet pizza? Scones with insanely good and unique flavour combinations that you'll dream about? They've got those, plus breads and luscious looking desserts. It's worth mentioning that they've branched out a fair bit - becoming a bit of a deli - there's a lot of salads and lunch sandwiches, and not quiet as many bread products as I'd ideally like. My only complaints? The prices are really high, and Aviv (the owner) tweets too many damn photos of the products. SCB is making it very hard to stay on a budget and a diet!
<review# 479,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2013,7/10/2013,115,261,,4,4>I frequent this pub quite often as I live across the street. It's perfect for a casual bite when I don't want to venture too far from home, and the quality is extremely consistent. I LOVE the wings and the free popcorn. I've also tried the Steak Sandwich, Fish and Chips, and Meat Pies. Everything is tasty and comes out extremely quickly. The waitresses are friendly, and the prices are reasonable. The last time I was here, I figured out why I always found the ambiance to be "off". The lights are too bright! Most pubs have somewhat low lighting, and with it being so bright, it feels awkward walking in (like everyone is staring at you, lol). Its also pretty small, but I don't mind because it's usually not too busy, and I've never had to wait for a table. The cozy fireplace and relaxed atmosphere is great, I enjoy coming here and will continue to return for the good food in a casual setting.
<review# 480,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2013,7/9/2013,30,54,,7,4>There are a number of quality burger joints in town. Flipp'n Burgers is joining in on the fun, guns blazing. I'm not a regular at burger joints so I'm not going to compare with the others. But if you want a great juicy flavorful burger with all the toppings, I fully recommend Flipp'n.It's a very small and clean space on 10th street in Kensington. The small space adds intimacy and character, but means as this place gains popularity, you might have to take your sandwich to go. The kitchen and counter are basically all in one. You could actually shout your order from one of three booths or two tables. Max 10-12 seating capacity I'd say.What I look for from a burger joint is:quality buns: check - you can choose between several typesquality patties, size large: check - well, they aren't gigantic, but if need more, get two!quality toppings: there are so many toppings, you could make a plain bun amazingdrippin' juicy ensemble: checkfriendly interesting owner who likes being there: checkAnd the price? Not cheap, but not outrageous. $7-$9 for a burger, depending on the type. It's worth it.I'm quite happy with this addition to one of my favourite Calgary neighbourhoods.
<review# 481,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2013,7/7/2013,92,68,,2,3>I recently went to Booker's for a birthday party and some live band action and I really enjoyed myself!  Hubby and I split the yam fries and sauce because we'd already ate being that we have 5 kids and the party didn't start until 8pm.  So we decided on splitting a side.  The yam fries were so good.  Last night I made some variation of them, but not as good as Booker's!  I had friends get the crab bucket and they really enjoyed it.  The live band we saw was Hurricane Felix and the Souther Twisters.  So good!  If you love rockabilly they are one band to watch for!  It wasn't long before they had the smallish dance floor filled.  I was in my element and lovin' it!  The decor was nicer than I expected for a 'crab shack.'  I remember dark greys and wood.  I would definitely go back and if they have more bands in like they did that night... I'll be back in a heart beat!
<review# 482,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2013,7/5/2013,31,136,1,6,3>These guys are damned miracle workers. Period. You won't catch me going anywhere else.As somebody who drives a 13-year-old, "nothing fancy, gets me from A to B" kind of car, I was DISGUSTED when I took it into Canadian Tire and was told that the strange sounds I was hearing were because my entire exhaust system had "dropped out" and that they wanted me to spend $1,300 to replace everything from the exhaust pipe and muffler to a couple other pieces I (as a non-car person) had never heard of. I even checked with Minute Muffler who wouldn't even give me a full estimate but said the muffler alone would cost me almost $900.That's when I was given the number for Double J by a coworker and told to specially ask for Rod. I did so, and he quoted me right over the phone that he would expect they could do the same work for "just over half of that", assuming he had to replace everything (telling me he could easily put in a $100 muffler instead of the $4-500 one CT was trying to sell me or the $900 Minute Muffler mentioned). When I expressed concern over towing costs, he gave me the number of a local company he frequently works with and had the car towed over (for which they paid the upfront, so I could pay for everything at once later). Already, I was loving this guy. The friendliness, customer service and even the quoted prices told me I'd found a diamond in the rough... but things only got better.Canadian Tire has estimated 2-3 days in the shop. Double J didn't get my car until after closing that day (a delay on the part of the towing company) and Rod called me back the next afternoon to tell me I could come pick it up... and what's better is he had managed to save my muffler (and the part I'd never heard of) and only needed to replace the pipe. Furthermore, he'd gotten the pipe for about half of what Canadian Tire was quoting it at. All in all, the tow cost me $90, and the total bill came to $380 (so $290 for a job originally quoted at $1,300).My only complaints came when I went to pick up the vehicle. This place is NOT easy to find. Even with a GPS in hand I wound up twice as far as I needed to be down the wrong road... and even after calling them and getting directions, and letting them know I'd be there in a matter of about 30 seconds, I walked in the door and waited.... and waited... and waited. Nobody was at the desk. I waited for probably about 10 minutes, even opening the door a couple more times hoping the door chime would alert someone and send them out. Still nothing. It wasn't until I was about to walk out the door and into the service bay to ask if somebody could be called to help me that Rod himself came out of the back. (This was especially surprising as not only was my key - and those of all the OTHER cars they were working on in plain sight where they could easily be grabbed, but so was over $100 in cash, sitting on the desk. A less honest customer could have simply left with their vehicle and actually MADE money in the process).Then again, when a guy does a job in 1/3 of the estimate time for 1/4 of the price, waiting 10 minutes is hardly a price to pay.I can't recommend these guys enough. The service level, even despite the wait time in the office, was unlike anything I've ever experienced, and they saved me so much money I almost felt like I was ripping them off. I now feel like it's almost my DUTY to find them as much business as possible... so if you have any vehicle problems, I'd urge you to at least give Rod a call and see what he can do for you. You won't regret it.
<review# 483,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2013,7/4/2013,85,210,6,7,9>Salt & Pepper and I go waaay back. I used to visit with my family when it first opened, and was the only one in Calgary. It's retained a lot of the same attributes: it's small, but not so small that I feel crowded. No more so than restaurants I've been to in New York City. Parking is ample. They have a great patio during the summer months.The food is good - it's not inherently spicy, but if you ask they will provide. It's pretty tasty and a little more authentic than what you get generally in Calgary. It's more authentic overall than the other S&P locations, in my opinion. The margaritas are awesome - we had two each of the lime. The staff was friendly and attentive. They treated us kindly even though we had a deal coupon (I don't see that everywhere - once they know you bought a deal, some places treat you like vermin).All in all, I need to visit more often - it's one of those places I truly enjoy coming to, even if the location is a little in-the-middle-of-nowhere-ish.
<review# 484,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2013,7/3/2013,25,76,3,8,8>Eight years in YYC and I only just now make it to this famous, oh so famous restaurant!WELL WORTH THE WAIT.. (or time lost?)...With tickets to the CPO Lord of the Rings event (Amazing btw..) we went to Teatro for supper pre-show to give it a whirl...and its 10 steps from the Epcor center.Immediately wowed upon entry.. how beautiful, and refined, and glamorous, and old, and.. they let me actually in...good start. Service is amazing right off the bat, but thats going to be expected. We're seated close to the kitchen with a nice big round table for eight of us. A ridiculously handsome server asked for some drink orders, introduced us to the menu and allowed us as much as we needed for anything...it was clear they were giving us the evening.. it was quite nice. We ordered a number of wines/beers and started on the menu. For a high end resto it was bigger than most and of course EVERYTHING looked amazing. Picking stuff out is ridic challenging at times.It was cool to see almost everyone order something different. I chose the pickled root veg for my appie and the sable fish for the main (FOTD). My appie arrived like art on a plate. It was a bunch of tiny veg standing upright in a circle with some local bits of goat cheese and some japanese white liquid that I simply cannot place a name on at the moment. It was literally beautiful. The oysters arrived pretty amazing looking with some caviar on the side and a mixture of sauces. The fish for the main was also quite amazing and perfectly paired with delicious veg. My partner had the salmon with lemon foam and lentil accompaniment.  A couple of us shared a stuffed pasta that was provolone stuffed for half and mushroom stuffed on the other half. This was also beautifully checkerboard plated and was very rich and mouth watering. This was highly recommended as a share plate - 10 out of 10 on this for sure. As we had time, we did a round of desserts that were clearly winners!! The creme brûlée was heaven, the tiramisu was some of the best I have ever had and another person ordered a salted caramel sorbet that was not on the menu but was A-MAZE-ING!!!!This place lived up to its name for sure. Food was outstanding, service was perfect and the atmosphere was kinda relaxed and romantic for such a classy spot. Great location for a night out or specifically a date night to go "sharesies".
<review# 485,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2013,7/2/2013,45,205,2,5,2>John's is a great little spot for those who woke up late on the weekend, are starving and dont want to wait 30 minutes for a table and another 30 for food. No frills, they have a basic breakfast menu, typical lunch stuff (burgers, sandwiches etc..) and alos a small selection of asian dishes (won ton soup, spring rolls..)The service was fast and efficient, the food decent. I had eggs, hashbrowns, toast and a pancake on the side. I thought the price of the pancake was a bit steep at $3 for one, but it was huge. A friend ordered poutine, which turned out to be the McCain's fries with curds and a thick gravy. The won ton/wor won ton soup though that were ordered at the table looked fantastic.  The soup had a generous helping of veg and dumpling and the broth smelled amazing.John's is definitely a great place to have in the back pocket, for lazy mornings.
<review# 486,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2013,7/1/2013,93,149,5,7,3>I like beer, am all for a peasant revolt and you kinda had me at the fact you sold pizza.Pizza, pizza, pizza, pizza, PIZZA! I think I was a Ninja Turtle in another life.I headed here on a Thursday night at 7 pm and it was still PACKED with the after work crowd. They have really killer happy hour specials here, where they have a menu of everything for $4 so it's no surprise people were still around.Their beer philosophy is very cool, they have constantly rotating taps, so each time you come back it will be a new menu. I tried a green apple pilsner, that tasted like a liquid version of those green apple caramel lollipops you get at Halloween. Then I went to less wacky beer selections and enjoyed them all.We went kind of mad on the pizza ordering, getting 3 pizzas for 3 people. They do a thin crust flatbread style pizza here, cut into rectangle slices. We nommed down an Alice, Furious Pete and Newton pizza. We also ordered some truffle fries (they were alright). The shaker of crushed chilis they bring looks more like chili powder, but it still packs a punch, so don't shake too heavily.The service was only ok, we had to take an uncleared table to get a spot, after 5 minutes the server came by to clear it, and promised to wipe it down, which never happened, but I like dirty sleeves. I think the addition of the busy atmosphere made getting beers a slow process.It's quite expensive here too if you are not getting in for happy hour.But overall, I enjoyed the selection and "philosophy" of beer revolution, but when this place is packed it is LOUD. Sit tight folks. I will be back for more pizza, pizza, pizza, pizza, pizza.
<review# 487,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2013,6/30/2013,113,26,4,6,5>I like you, DZP! It's nicer here than I thought it would be. Dim lighting makes me feel pretty. It's loud and energetic in a fun way, not hectic. Didn't interfere with service at all.I enjoyed the arancini with herb and garlic aioli. Never had it tomato sauceless and I might even prefer it this way. The "00" meatballs were quite dry for my liking, even with the sauce, which I couldn't have much of. But it may just be me since having had tomato sauce in Italy, I haven't been able to enjoy it in Canada. We just don't have their quality of tomatoes to replicate.Anyhow, onto the pizzas - really yummy! I had read reviews about them being too greasy but I didn't find that at all. I'm an UNA girl, but some days their pizzas are a bit dry, which was so not the case here. Great flavors and topping to crust ratio. First one was homemade italian sausage and artichoke (droooool, right?!) and second one had spinach, roasted whole cloves of garlic, potato and a free range egg in the middle. Not a fave that I would come back for but it wasn't bad at all. I need to return to try the intriguing rapini pizza (pine nuts, ricotta, fresh tomatoes, garlic, chili) and confit chicken (fontina, mushrooms, smoked pancetta).I was dying to have the pear crostata (pecan puree, mascarpone ice cream) for dessert but had no self control with the pizzas so that will have to wait too :( The atmosphere was so great, I would not hesitate to come back. Have come during happy hour and its always packed and always a good time.
<review# 488,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2013,6/29/2013,100,342,6,6,5>Ah the smell of rich mahogany and old men. LOL. The heart of the Old Boys Cubs AKA the Oil & Gas industry. I have been lucky enough to come here on a few occasions, as it's a members only club. First time as for a friends stagette, her future Father in Law is one of the managers, second time was for a charity gala. Th stagette was much more enjoyable as we got to be in the wine cellar downstairs, by ourselves and had our own private party. We have a 5 or 6 course meal and it was to die for. At the charity event it was 4 and was ok, they were able to accommodate me being celiac, which meant I got a plain grilled chicken breast. The place is gorgeous inside, but parking is a nil. If you have the chance to attend a function here, I highly recommend to do so.
<review# 489,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2013,6/28/2013,8,37,,4,2>5 stars for MARKET.  The food has the wow factor.Everything else is well done:  nice chic interior, good service, etc., but some of the dishes were among the best I've had in a long long time.To wit: the pork salad.  It's a kale salad with several variations of pork (bacon, pork shoulder, etc.) to make up for the healthiness of the kale. I thought the bison tartare was also a stand-out.  We shared several small plates and the mushroom gnocci main- all really excellent.It's loud, busy, and the tables are pretty much on top of one another so it's not a great place for quiet conversation or a first date.  But the food lives up to the hype.
<review# 490,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2013,6/27/2013,48,110,7,9,5>Love this place. Total chick magnet, from the purse trees to the pink accents on the cloth napkins, menus and our server's tie. Pretty, well-made cocktails, but not as strong as I would like, but then again, I never met anyone would likes their drinks as strong as I do. I only tried the soup, and it was amazing. Just a lot of complimentary textures and flavours going on. My friends ordered various appetizers, main and dessert and everything smelled and looked amazing. I'm planning on returning to try the food and give a more detailed review. Great service. Make sure you ask about the food, the menu description does not do it justice.
<review# 491,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2013,6/26/2013,28,85,,4,4>It's been a year and a half and after so many failed attempts to grab brunch here we finally decided on dinner after reading it had one of the top 10 burgers in town.  Even at 7:55pm (last seating at 8pm) we got the last table in the place.  Whew.  I got the regular burger with side salad and husband got the bison burger special with fries.  The meals were simple but really tasty.  You can tell at first bite they are using quality meat which makes such a difference.  This was a tasty meal but the room is really small and you could hear everyone's conversation.  This bothers me less at breakfast/ brunch - not sure why...at dinner it is slightly annoying.  Patio for me next time where the light traffic and neighborhood noises will drown out the next table!
<review# 492,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2013,6/25/2013,16,76,2,3,2>I am shocked that I haven't reviewed Kinjo yet. This place is my go-to sushi venue in Calgary. It's unbelievably unpretentious, but also very high quality. No, you will not find some of the over-the-top extravagant creations found at, say, Bar Zipang. But what you will find is a venue that is full of fun, loud people having a great time.  It's very reasonably priced, to boot. As long as you don't mind some elbow-to-elbow sushi-eating frenzy, you'll have a great time here.I have been told by the staff that part of their quality strategy involves charging less for sushi. It sounds counter-intuitive, but he says that it allows them to turn more sushi over faster. As a result, they save costs on expensive additional refrigeration and can serve their customers fresher sushi, sooner. This is one thing I can say with certainty about Kinjo--that their sushi is always fresh. No matter what time of day you go or what day of the week, you won't have a gamey tuna sashimi. Every sushi place I have been to elsewhere has been guilty of this at some point.I've been to Kinjo probably around 50-60 times now and can only say good things about it. The place is always packed, but as long as you come in a small group, you'll get in quickly and the food will come at you fast! I miss having Peter at the south location, threatening the men with his sushi knife if they don't adequately serenade their date, but the other guys have done a great job of picking up the slack.Must have items: Volcano rolls, Spicy Salmon Crunch, giant squid legs (squid kara-age basically), and assorted sashimi. They also make a wicked sesame steak sauce. Stay off the boat if you can--the menu items are really interesting and worth spending your money on. Use the boat as filler or to grab the odd volcano roll.
<review# 493,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2013,6/24/2013,40,98,2,4,2>So as usual I follow my sister, or she follows me. Pain free hair removal? I'm in. Going on vacation to Hawaii soon, and this is one of those things i dread doing.Maika made the process quick, easy and much less painful than traditional waxing. It' was almost as if we were just two gf's hanging out, having a casual conversation, almost...when it wasn't interrupted by the strategic ripping of hair out of the skin.Again though, she is great at what she does, and if you have to have to/want to  this done, see her. The great thing about sugaring is the lack of sugar paste sticking to the skin, so it doesn't feel like a terrible sunburn when you're done and the irritation that can normally happen is minimized. You will be happy you did it, and you lady parts will thank you.
<review# 494,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2012,6/23/2013,137,253,5,1,4>When Wendy started asking about what are the most notable 2012 new restaurants, DTF was pretty much the first one I thought of and mentioned it, though I didn't elaborate why.  When she asked me to, I suddenly found myself a bit inspired, and since this would make another interesting review to boot, I thought why not update my current review with.... the DTF Alphabet!A is for Awesome served in every dish,B is for Beer Butter'd really delish,C is for Crispy Duck Leg Linley Style,D is for Downtown where all diners' smile,E is for Eating ceviche so bright,F is for Farms where he gets every bite,G is for Greens served with egg poached and fried,H is How he serves food with much pride,I is Imagining the dinners so well,J for the yum JYU Papardelle,K for the Kimchi Stew 'spired and warm,L for the Lemon Tart that he transformed,M is for Breakfast at Midnight quite swell,N is for Northern Alberta Pickerel,O are the Oysters with tastes that amaze,P is the Pork cooked in marvellous ways,Quality flavours is only for Q,R is for Ranch Beef served only for two,S is for Soy, Sake, Steelhead and Steak,T for the Tapas the chef loves to make,Unique are the dishes each made with great care,Vivacious, exciting, and all made with flair,Wonderful colours served with every plate,Xactly why I say this place is just great,Yummy was each bite that I did devour,And now Z is for Zs after writing for hours!
<review# 495,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2013,6/22/2013,14,128,2,5,4>The Fridge is a golden find located in Bonavista Shopping Mall. The owner does an excellent job cooking and prepping meals to share with my family and friends. The food is prepped in their very own kitchen and then conveniently packaged to enjoy later at home. The butternut squash pasta is particularly good as is the veggies for the BBQ. And the cupcakes and cinnamon buns are purely sinful. Along with their food items, the Fridge has a number of kitchen-related gifts and merchandise. This is a GREAT place to buy a present for your cooking-loving friends or family members. Or really, anyone who enjoys extended time in their kitchen.Overall, I would suggest a visit to the Fridge to anyone in the area. They are well worth checking out.
<review# 496,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2013,6/21/2013,194,334,4,8,6>Krista is the nail gal that I see at Chez Carmel and she is amazing!  She not only does a fantastic job on my nails, so also CARES about my nails!  Let me give you an example.I have been using shellac polish for the last six months and she was recommending that i cut back on the shellac ($30-40 product) and to switch to polish for a month or so to give my nails some time to grow out, heal and repair.  I think it was the first time ever that my own care came ahead of making a sale in this business.Because of the downtown location I pay a bit more for services there (around $40 wtih tip for shellac) but I don't mind, because I can run over on a lunch hour and build it into my day.  Also, Krista is obviously looking out for me. :)
<review# 497,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2013,6/20/2013,429,445,10,14,12>I can eat about as little at Pfanntastic Pannenkoek Haus as I can pronounce their name. I had always been curious about this place, as it's one of the first things you see when making the merge from Glenmore to Crowchild, but I put it off because I immediately dismissed it as just another carb-y-bacon-y breakfastravaganza that I would have to skip over. However, when Julia M. organized her first-ever UYE here, how could I say no? I saw that they had a vegan-friendly soup there, and signed up. For bacon lovers, nearly every single one of their savory (and even some of the sweet) Pannenkoeks comes with bacon. It's the first ingredient on the list of almost all the savory offerings, and the one where it's not; it's the third ingredient! They're not like thick, fluffy North American buttermilk pancakes where they're stacked on the plate and everything else is piled around it. And it's not like Ethiopian Injera, where the food is placed in neat little piles in the center of it and you tear off pieces to scoop up with the food. No, Pannenkoeks are almost crepe-thin, the ingredients are mixed right in to the batter and at PPH, they're the size of a large pizza. Most at our table cut it in to strips, rolled them up and ate them with a fork. There were different dipping sauces available like cream cheese, Nutella, and curiously, Ketjap Manis (Indonesian soy sauce). I thought it was peculiar, but according to Google, you can find Ketjap Manis in many Dutch homes - neat! They also had bottles of Maggi at the table, which was something else I thought was strictly Asian... but turns out "Maggi" is the name of the Swedish founder (insert "The More You Know" rainbow here).The sweet Pannenkoeks were basically the Pannenkoek version of a pie. They have ones with cinnamon and apples, lemon and brown sugar, banana and coconut - the specialty ones were served with ice cream. One member of our group decided to undo about six month's worth of sit-ups by ordering both a sweet and savory Pannenkoek. While the effort was noble, I saw it unraveling hopelessly as he tried to pawn off the remaining bites on the rest of our table whom, were all ready for naps and Little House on the Prairie marathons.Since I could have none of these things, I stuck with the soup I had seen on the menu prior to my visit. The Huis Van Oranjesoep (The House of Orange Soup). Butternutty, fragrant and spicy; it was thick, hearty and not cloyingly sweet like many puréed Butternut Squash soups. I had it with a small house salad, and... I shudder to think how big a full-sized salad would have been. The small size was prettily arranged in a 12" dinner bowl and served with their housemade vinaigrette. So while I could not partake in Pannenkoek Happiness, my belly was just as cozy and warm as everyone else's. And full of Black Currant (Cassis) soda! I love that they serve Black Currant soda here, as it was pretty much all I drank at one point, when I lived across the street from Market Mall and would regularly clean out the British Store's supply of Ribena. The brand they serve at PPH is Hero, and it's just as tasty as Ribena.Service here was warm, friendly, and generous. Behind our table, there were many Dutch goods to purchase, even souvenirs like wooden shoe keychains that you could probably use to BS your way through a first date by pretending that you had been to Amsterdam, as long as you didn't have to describe anything in great detail. I like you, PPH. If I could have more than two things on your menu, I would like you even more :).
<review# 498,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2013,6/19/2013,190,342,2,4,3>So they try to be creative and really give a fusion flare. Yes some dishes are definitely a miss, but some dishes are great.Came here for brunch/lunch on the weekend and was excited when I saw certain items on the menu.Had the "okonomi" waffle which is a take on okonomiyaki but in waffle form. I don't want to describe okonomiyaki so pls google it! hahah.   It is a savory waffle so don't order this expecting a sweet waffle.   It definitely achieved what it set out to do.  If you're looking for a sweet waffle, order the maccha quinoa waffle - Looked very yummy! I will order this next time. :)The yakisoba with 2 poached eggs though was.... bland.Saw another person with confit chicken and waffles and it looked very good as well.One thing I noticed, once you walk in there is a smell of  "greasy kitchen" ...they need a better ventilation system. (So far, things I would order again:  burger, yuzu sorbet, okonomi waffle...)
<review# 499,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2013,6/18/2013,36,37,6,7,5>Disclaimer: I'm basing this review solely on the Stumptown coffee bar inside of Lukes, which is reason enough for me to keep going back. I've been a Stumptown fan for a couple years now. They're from Portland and are super serious about their coffee. I remember a couple of cafe's I'd frequent in Vancouver that served Stumptown told me that vendors are really only supposed to serve unadulterated espresso drinks; no macchiatos and the sort because Stumptown wants the roasted bean to speak for itself. I'm more than happy with this philosophy, some find it a little pretentious which I can understand, but it's all part of the allure I guess.Unadulterated goodness is exactly what I got when I picked up my coffee and took a sip of it: my lips puckered, goosebumps ran along my spine, and I'm pretty sure my eyes rolled back into my head. I feel like that happens to me with all good coffee though. In any case I'm so happy that Stumptown has made it to yyc!
<review# 500,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2013,6/17/2013,49,101,5,6,7>Um, delicioso?  Picture eating a meal inside the ANTHROPOLOGIE Store in Chinook and you have CUCINA.  Located on 8th avenue near THE CORE, Cucina is an Italian restaurant that's actually quite quaint and enjoyable.  The furniture is kind of aged and gorgeous and the kitchen is wide open for all to see.My cousin was in town from the Land of the Newfs and we HAD to bring him somewhere new and fresh.  They have a great beer menu bringing in lots of different bottles from around the world, and everyone was very much enjoying their wine selection.Everyone with us loved this place so much.  The Anti-Pasti plate is a MUST to start and share!  Delicious cheese, meats and olives.  The Blue Cheese was served with this organic honeycomb which is the perfect offset for a strong cheese like that.  Very smart, and very delicious.I finished with the vegetarian risotto (which was the special that night) while everyone seemed to have ordered the short-rib stuffed shells and devoured them.  I made a mistake!!!!  ORDER REMORSE!For dessert we shared the ANTI-PASTI Lemon and it was amaaaaze baaaalllllls.  Little slices of cakes with a passionfruit drizzle.  A Pot de Crème that seriously tasted like lemon meringue pie, and a pistachio pâté that tastes like fudddggggge.  There was a Tiramisu going around too that was creamy and to die for.  A great spot to come and eat at about $50/person, you'll have a great time no matter what the occasion.
<review# 501,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2013,6/16/2013,138,614,3,3,4>NO less than a 5 star for this place. Open til 11pm? 8pm closing on Sundays!? Clean as a whistle? Cherry and Vanilla Coke for sale? WOW!Bopping to blaring 80's music when you are shopping for candy in a cleverly fun environment where even the staff love what they are doing!?I had a blast, got my fill of any and all fresh candy I could ever want - for now. This place had everything!Awesome, large location on 17th in a store where you are not bumping into everyone else inside. Parking on the street on this occasion was easy and I cannot wait to come back!
<review# 502,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/22/2012,6/15/2013,130,261,5,3,2>My first experience with Dickens was seeing one of my favourite bands, Cursive there a couple years back during Sled Island, which was so great there is no way I could have had a bad experience there. This is a great, intimate show venue and I have come to really enjoy watching music here. It also isn't a bad place to just grab a drink with friends. Last night I popped by, and was a little disgruntled to be charged cover for a band I'd never heard of when I was just popping in for an 8:30 pm beer. However, the chill environment in comparison to other pubs in the area was probably worth it. Our server was slow as molasses and didn't really notice when I joined my friends, so I ordered up some pints of Velvet Fog from the  bar tender who put on a tolerant face to these stupid drunk girls spilling their shots as they took them. So friendly was this bartender, that I didn't even mind being called "sweetheart" by a stranger a bunch of times. The price of Wild Rose on tap is average, which is just fine with me. And the band who had set up, actually turned out to be pretty good, and not some shitty black metal or something like we had feared. The only downside to Dickens, is the stamp they gave me upon paying cover hasn't quite come off even with a shower, so now it just says the word DICK in caps on my hand. Life could be worse I guess.
<review# 503,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2013,6/14/2013,305,278,2,4,2>New Year, new beginnings. Gave this restaurant a few more tries (hey I'm careful in my reviews) and seems like they've really rectified my previous complaints. Big applause to a business that can take the time to read my lengthy scathingly horrid review and still in a calm manner address me about dining there again. Bravo.On one occasion I came in with a huge group and was pleasantly surprised by their ability to service, now that they have a good amount of friendly staff. Coworkers on separate occasions have mentioned the improvement.They've definitely hired on more staff which helped with the speed of service, and they've even plumped up the amount of food you get. Prices, of course haven't changed but it's pretty on par with the rest of the neighborhood. The line at the door hasn't changed, but there's nothing they can do to change the number of tables. They give the diner a fair amount of elbow space so I give them credit. (Some places will cram you shoulder to shoulder to get an extra table in). Come 10 minutes before noon and you're golden. 10 min past noon and you'll have to wait. Fair for downtown.Good job iPho. You have truly earned this with effort and hard work.
<review# 504,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2013,6/13/2013,266,478,10,3,6>Either you're going to love Tubby or hate them. I for one LOVE tubby. But like a terrible old flame, I hate being coaxed into Tubby because each hot dog is approx 10000 calories. When I plug this into myfitnesspal/calorie counter app, my phone shuts down.Allright that was a little overdramatic, but trips to Tubby are rare because I live down south and only chance visits here post-bar or post-anything where I really want to shove something packed with flavour into my mouth.The last time I was here I got the staple Tubby and the Sumo. The Tubby has always recieved mixed reviews. Either you or your friends will love it in a drunken frenzy, or if you and your companion are enjoying a lovely night like a pair of vacationing retirees and complain about it's overwhelming singe of onion and messy sin of chilli. Now the sumo dog...it is amazing. This city lacks Vancouver's Japadog and the Sumo dog is the answer to that call. The japanese mayo, ginger, seaweed, and wasabi are packed into this formidable RIKISHI. It's not a heavy, loud, and messy dog like the Tubby, but it packs a lot of flavour.The decor of Tubby itself makes coming here a great night out. WIth a pocket full of quarters, you can enjoy their retro video game machines or you can instagram the night away by snapping up pictures of their neat displays.
<review# 505,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2013,6/12/2013,32,203,,6,2>I was sent a menu in the mail for Li-Ao Sushi and decided after giving it a good look that I should try this place, I am so happy I did!For starters, could the staff get any friendlier here? I was quite impressed once we walked through the door with everyone (even the sushi chefs) greeted us.We sat down and were brought water promptly and shortly after that we were brought a complimentary side dish. (How nice!) We ordered: Gyoza, Garden Roll, Unagi roll, Philadelphia roll, Spicy tuna roll, Mango roll and the Rainbow roll.Oh. My. Goodness. These were seriously the best rolls I have ever tasted. Very fresh, just the right amount of rice and the presentation was lovely. The Gyoza was very tasty as well. At the end of the meal they give out a box of pocky sticks instead of mints which I thought was a really nice touch - also the price was amazing...Li-Ao, you got a new regular!
<review# 506,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2013,6/11/2013,45,146,,2,1>I live in Bragg Creek so there aren't many choices...and when you're trying to take a 5 year old out...well...good luck. We went here finally last Friday to check it out. Get there early this time of  year - it looks to fill up quickly. We were sat - with crayons and colouring books - THANK YOU. The menu was great - and even had a vegan dish as well as a kids menu. The man had a schnitzel and some kind of beef appetizer that were GREAT and the kidlet ate some too and liked it. Homemade style chicken fingers for the kid & she ate them - what more can you ask for. I had the only vegan dish on the menu which was great -they have some good German beers to go along with it - nom nom...and offered a Shirley Temple to wash down the kids meal. (memories....all alone in the mooooonliiiight....)Great. We will go back.
<review# 507,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2013,6/10/2013,5,11,,4,3>Heart's Choices is an amazing business run by the most lovely, warm and friendly people you could ever imagine. My husband and I are vegetarians (actually hubby is now a strict Vegan) and we love to shop here for our fake meat products. The staff know us by name and always greet us warmly and help us with any questions we have regarding new products and recipes etc. The products here are the best quality I have ever tried in my life! The fake meat products are so great they even have a similar texture and taste and would fool even the biggest meat eaters! I have never tried anything from Heart's Choices that I haven't liked, seriously, everything I have ever bought from here has been fantastic. The products are easy to prepare, usually just warmed up in the microwave or on stove top in a few minutes and ready to eat! They have the 'meat' products separated in two different big freezers, one full of vegetarian products and one strictly vegan products which is helpful to us with hubby being strict vegan now. They have so many products to choose from, different types of mock Chicken, mock Beef, mock Seafood etc, so much that you will never get bored of their products, such a huge range and they always seem to have new products each time we visit! I highly recommend you drop by and sample the products, you will not be disappointed! I give Heart's Choices a big shiny 5 star review because without them, our dinners would be so boring! Yum!
<review# 508,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/31/2013,6/9/2013,6,4,,2,2>Monki is an amazing Calgary find! Tucked away on quite 10 ave downtown, it offers a great atmosphere with amazing food. I know this place will fast become my favorite because I had trouble deciding what to order - I loved it all! But I've been on a mac and cheese hunt around the city so I settled on the lobster jalapeno mac and cheese. It was everything I wanted it to be - you must get it. I am looking forward to heading back for breakfast to try the benedicts or a frittatas. Yum!
<review# 509,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/31/2013,6/8/2013,136,590,,1,1>This is an adorable little wine store that is right around the corner from my house. Located in the same building as Market 17 this place is a must go! While the prices might be a little higher there is tons of variety! The staff are amazing, so knowledgeable, friendly and helpful and they have great selection of imported beer! I think this will be a place I end up stopping be a lot this summer, not only for convenience but because it is so fantastic!
<review# 510,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2013,6/7/2013,43,166,4,3,2>We were all blown away by everything in this hidden gem in Kensington.I almost don't want to write a review so I can hide this place for myself...!The food was exquisite, very fresh and artistically prepared. The portions are "french" so be aware!The staff were very professional, and the ambiance was excellent.Be sure to try their special of the day, get them to give you Wine advice, and definitely try the deserts!We are definitely going back.
<review# 511,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2013,6/6/2013,6,18,,3,4>I was thinking of giving this place a 4 star mark but then realized it would be for a dumb reason. Initially hesitant to come here because I thought it was silly that they were in an old burger king building...OK my brain works differently. Anyways, once I entered I found it to be the BEST decorated Thai restaurant that I've been to in Calgary! I ordered the Panang Curry with Pork, my friend ordered the Green Curry with Chicken and we shared the Fresh Spring Rolls.The service was fantastic. I love going to the White Elephant for their shameless authenticity, but you might be waiting a while if you want to get their attention to order another beer. The pleasant waitress was certainly Thai, and dressed in traditional Thai clothes which could possibly be unnecessary, cheesy, gaudy - but I LIKED it! Do you like having an experience when you go to eat? Or do you just want to be bored and boring?The first thing I noticed about the delicious spring rolls is that they came with a tasty home made peanut sauce that was different from all of the other Thai places Ive eaten at. This made me really look forward to my meal, anticipating someone's authentic personal recipe. I was not disappointed. The Panang curry was fantastic and plentiful! I love it when I can take half of it home for another meal. Other places (except for the above mentioned Elephant) don't give you very much.Why did I almost give the place 4 stars? I was influenced by someone else's review here on yelp...yes I also found the curry was a little oilier than what I have seen elsewhere. I cook myself amazing Thai Curries at home (taught by my Thai sister in law) and do not use ANY oil apart from the natural oil in the Coconut milk. Now saying that...it is a preference! You don't tell someone what they should or shouldn't cook with when it is THEIR restaurant. That is the way they like to cook, and it's god damned delicious. Maybe you just need to run it off if you are concerned about the extra calories. SHALL RETURN I GREAT NUMBERS!!
<review# 512,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2013,6/5/2013,12,33,1,6,3>I'm a wine girl through and through; give me a dark and cozy lounge that serves amazing wine and food over a noisy pub any day! Needless to say, this place has become my go-to for a night away from home, whether it be casual or less so (I've gone after the gym for food and a glass of wine in my lululemon gear and I've had more than one date nights here!)The things that will bring you back and back again:-The staff. They are friendly and efficient, and make a point of remembering their regulars.-The wine. -The unpretentiousness - both decor and staff. Oh, and the music is always great (I was there on a Monday evening and they were playing 90s alternative. Fab.)-The FOOD. The short ribs are my fave, but really, everything is great. Chef Mike is great and if you get a chance to try one of his not-on-the-menu specials, you won't be disappointed. (He's leaving to travel at the end of May though so be sure to check the place out before then!)-50% off bottles of wine on Sundays.IMHO, Calgary needs more places like Winebar; I consider myself lucky to have this place in my 'hood.
<review# 513,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2013,6/4/2013,40,48,2,7,5>My friend had been raving about this place for a while and we were finally able to check it out together! I love most of the restaurants on Stephen Ave. There is just something about that particular area that I love. Great location and therefore definitely a great place to take out-of-towners if you are looking for something a little more upscale and delicious. I ordered the short rib and I seriously tore that meal apart. Haha. I feel bad for my significantly high intake of red meat this week, but o just couldn't resist. It sounded so delicious and I just had no self control! The meat was incredibly tender and flavorful. It was accompanied by a few fingerling potatoes, onions and a few bits of bacon. (Just a few of my favorite things). Dessert wise, the sticky toffee pudding is something you should not pass up on. Its great for sharing and quite moist! Overall, I was smitten!
<review# 514,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2013,6/3/2013,62,103,6,10,4>"Good morning, Brother! You need some brekkie today?"Yup, that's pretty much the same thing I hear every time I make the trip up the street on the way to work. This place is powered by heart, soul and trace amounts of -redacted. I stand corrected by the owner. If anything it would be alcohol, but let's just say SOUL- and it's marvellous. Tyler, one of the owners, whips up $3 breakfast sandwiches every morning - and you won't have to choose between bacon, egg and sausage - they come with all three.And that's just how things are done here - friendly, full and laaaaaaaaaaaiiiiiiid back. They'll learn your name. They'll make fun of your accent. They'll feed your stomach and fill your soul.If you're in the area and you're in need of a little human connection, give this family of wonderful folks a try.
<review# 515,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2013,6/2/2013,67,339,4,5,5>Our supper club decided to try this little place in the north east. What a gem! So here is what the man and I had (*Piglet alert*) at Inti:1) Anticucho: Robustly flavoured beef heart skewers marinated in a spicy sauce with this salsa type sauce and a house mayo with kick. Really good. I loved the  flavour of the beef.2) Salchipapa: Fresh hand cut French fries with fried sausage. Served on a bed of thin sliced cabbage drizzled in lime juice. This was okay. Basically fries but really really good ones with neat sauces. If you are getting more than one appie to share get a half order of this...a full order is huge. But we ate it all anyway.3) Aji de Gallina: A traditional Peruvian dish made from pulled Hen in a creamy sauce made from pecans, aji amarillo, and milk. Served over potatoes with rice. This was REALLY good. Unique flavours. Looked like curry but didn't taste like it. I'd go back just for this. 4) Man had: Lomo Saltado Stir-fried tender marinated beef with sweet onions, ripe tomatoes, and julienne aji amarillo in a tangy sauce. Served over fried potatoes and steamed garlic rice. Also really tasty. He ate every last bitePeruvian food is quite good and very different than anything else I've had before. Usually when I try something new it "reminds me" of something I've had elsewhere but this wasn't the case with Inti. All the flavours were new to me which was really a treat.The service here was also fantastic. They did a great job of making suggestions and helping us pronounce different things without making us feel stupid for not being able to :). Decor is simple but comfortable. It was nice for the group of 8 of us to be able to all talk and hear one another...not always the case when we go out.Would love to see them add some daily  or seasonal specials as the chef is obviously quite talented and it would be neat to sample some other  Peruvian meals!
<review# 516,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2013,6/1/2013,157,283,2,4,3>Met a couple friends here during Big Taste Calgary week.  Whether you are driving by or walking in from the outside you can not miss this restaurant.  It has, as it's name sake indicates, a rather obvious Yellow Door.  Awesome.We had a 3 course menu including an Heirloom Carrot and Goats Cheese Salad, my entree choice of Braised Ewe-niversial (lamb) and a Chocolate Fondant with a delicious ice cream for dessert.  Everything tasted fresh & lovely.  The lamb was moist & delicious.  What impressed me immensely is the moment I was seated and visited by the server, I was handed an Ipad.  The Ipad is their beverage menu.  What a great concept & kind of fun for the first few minutes.The service was stellar and I loved the decor.  It's very European & whimsical with romantic undertones.  All in all a very enjoyable experience.
<review# 517,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2013,5/31/2013,63,47,2,4,3>Let's get straight to the point here, one, great tasting coffee/lattes, two, yummy pastries, three cool ambience and friendly staff, and last but not least they make cool shapes/artwork into their lattes! I asked my barista to make a cat once and she did, it was the best thing ever. If you're walking by, give this place a try! My group and I were lucky to catch some live music the night we went in. That's another thumbs up, good music!
<review# 518,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2013,5/30/2013,53,400,,3,2>I really love bringing my dog to Bow Dog for daycare, and their pack walks have been fantastic.  My dog always comes home happy, healthy, and tuckered out after having lots of play time with his pals!  They have a great facility and is really convenient to where I live.A couple of items on my wish list that I think they could improve:- Invoicing: I wish they would show if you had a balance carried forward (or a credit) when they sent your next invoice.  It's a pretty standard invoicing practice!- Sometimes it is tough to get through to their office - you often have to leave a message.  They are good about getting back to you, but I did have to be persistent when trying to get my dog into a waitlist for pack walks.- I wish you could book daycare reservations online.  As a growing business, I'm sure they are constantly trying to improve.  I will definitely be a return client!
<review# 519,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2012,5/29/2013,7,17,,5,2>Best wings I've ever had?  Probably not.  But the wide variety of delicious flavours and the service we received will definitely bring me back to Mug Shotz.  We came on a busy Wednesday night for the wing special--12 for $6.  Though it was pretty packed when we arrived, finding a table wasn't a problem.  Our server was prompt taking our drink orders and made sure our glasses were full throughout the night.  I was sure we'd be waiting awhile for our food due to the volume of wing orders, but was pleasantly suprised when they arrived less than 20 minutes after ordering, all 6 dozen in various flavours.  None of the flavours disappointed, but my favourites by far were the Honey Hot and the Honey Mustard.  YUM!!  Salt & Pepper ones were fantastic too!  The location leaves a lot to be desired, but the bar itself is nice with a very attentive and hard-working staff.  Definitely check this place out and enjoy their famous wings!
<review# 520,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2013,5/28/2013,12,81,1,3,4>We were thinking this was the store where someone bought our dog some adorable hamburger-shaped dog treats for her birthday, but it didn't seem like they had the same stuff or were the same store. But that's besides the point. The cookies they offer are handmade in the store by the staff, and they said they use natural vegetable dyes instead of traditional food colouring, so the colour options are limited. There are lots of other types of treats in bins and bags around the store: like a nasty looking cow throat to waffle-printed bison livers to salmon tidbits and the list goes on and on. They also have grooming supplies, leashes and jackets. And two store cats who are very friendly and comfortable with strangers. The service was chatty and amiable, and the woman who served us seemed very knowledgeable about the ingredients. Great little store.
<review# 521,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2013,5/27/2013,67,141,3,5,2>Love the staff here! Stopped in on a Sunday afternoon to pick up some seafood for a pasta dish we had dreamed up.  This place is cute! Another seafood market coupled with a small cafe. This cafe is a big larger than some of the other ones, and I work in the area and I'm sure it has a solid weekday lunch crowd.  We chose some fresh digby scallops and a package of frozen prawns. The scallops were huge and the prawns ended up being some of the best I've had - I will absolutely go back for the prawns. The guy helping us out was so friendly and clearly loves seafood, he had us laughing and promising to come back in for a bite to eat and to try more of their market offerings.
<review# 522,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2013,5/26/2013,33,247,3,4,3>Wow. I came here for a work dinner and could not be more impressed.Crispy duck with corn succotash? Yes please. Model Milk has great nontraditional food that you can get from the lovely open kitchen that you can see at the back. Choose a nice whiskey from their large list and buckle in for a great meal. I also tried out their gin and tonic which they make with their own tonic produced in house. They also have a lot of nice wines and other cocktails. We received great service from the wait staff and nothing would keep me from going back.I can't see how anyone could have a bad time.
<review# 523,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2013,5/25/2013,9,24,,4,2>Warning! The food here is pretty gosh darn spicey! My east indian Spicego got the best of me and decided to take on something a tad spicey. A 5/10 on the spice radar got my taste buds flamin'! The staff was awesome, they gave me a fresh new plain Dosa after they realized the one I had was taking out all my taste buds, one by one.Keep in mind they recently moved from their location on 17th ave SE up further north to 8th ave SE (both along 52nd street). The address wasn't updated on google but it may be okay for you future yelpians reading this review.Be sure to calm the taste buds down with some masala chai at the end of the meal. Whatever spice level you think you can handle, take it down a couple pegs and try it from there. Its easier to spice things up than to spice things down.Enjoyy!
<review# 524,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2013,5/24/2013,54,95,,3,1>Calling all people in the dating scene....This place just never gets old for me. I went recently for my Sister's birthday with the family and we were not disappointed. They  now have this set menu of four or five courses of the Chef's specialty, so all of us ordered it.... wow. so yum!! This would be the prefect choice for a date! Daters, get on this!
<review# 525,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2012,5/23/2013,11,38,,2,2>I really liked this shawarma place. It's unique in that it is doubley wrapped - once in a pita and second in a home made bread. I've been back twice since I first found it. I like that it gives you the option of beef and lamb, not a lot of restaurants do it and they hand make their falafels. I don't recommend getting the salad, it's a sad mix of lettuce and toppings. Their shawarmas are huge by the way if you order a large. Definitely enough for a meal. They also have unique beverages too. Try it out!
<review# 526,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2013,5/22/2013,1,17,2,3,2>I've had my fair share of first dates some good, some bad and some so painfully dull that Alcohol hasn't a hope in hell of saving it; the date I took to the Brasserie belonged to that category. The saving grace was the delctable food provided to me here; I ordered the Roasted Brome Lake Duck Breast and it was simply deliciuous. It takes skill to prepare a duck breast properly; the Chef did an amazing job. That dish paired with a nice white wine made an epically disastrous social event into a epicurean delight. I will return in the future with a different dinner partner. The only negative is that it is on the expensive side.
<review# 527,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2013,5/21/2013,25,81,4,11,6>With a beautiful industrial modern contemporary decor Vagabond is a cool and hip place. There is a new edgy feel to this place. While I was here the other night they only had a test menu which was great because they took a lot of feedback from their customers.I had the pulled pork poutine. Which was very good only the pork was not pulled but they took my suggestion at least. The pork was cubed which I found odd. It was very good however! The fries themselves were amazing! I could have eaten just a plate of fries. They toss them in garlic butter right out of the fryer holy man they were good! Next we tried the Lobster Dogs. Which is exactly what it sounds like. It was a Lobster corn dog also very good. They were still perfecting the batter. I happened to really like it but that is my personal taste. I had two glasses of wine which were both very good I went with the Riesling. I also had a glass of Vagabond beer. Now I'm a gal who yes, loves wine but I also really like beer and I was impressed! The "house" beer is $6 for a pint which I find reasonable. They also have a variety of other great beer choices. However I want to support local businesses so I tried the beer. It's light and has a very nice and refreshing flavor. Shout out to Darby behind the bar for being a great bartender and a great person to talk to! She was very personable and right on top of drinks. I was super dehydrated from spending all day in the sun and every time I looked over she kept my water full and gave me a lemon to boot. hehe It's the little things guys!There is no sign outside the venue yet but It's in the Arriva tower apartment building, kiddie corner to Cowboys casino. It's a great place and I hope you all check it out! It is also very spacious so it would be great to host parties there!I should also mention they are putting in a brewery next door to brew the Vagabond beer in. It will be so awesome when it's all finished. Right now all the equipment is in and you can peek in from outside and from a little bit in the venue. It will have an open concept when it's all done so you can see into the brewery. I'm excited for it to be done. For now you should try the Vagabond beer to get your taste buds ready!
<review# 528,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2013,5/20/2013,22,201,,6,3>I was excited to see Shiraz pop up on Just-Eat.ca which allows it to deliver now. I brought several "Taste of Persia" combos and dolmeh into the office for a lunch meeting and it was a huge hit.  Ordering salads kept it from being too meat heavy for a lunch hour meal - which I find otherwise.   TofP combo holds true to "feeds 3" while feeding a group of meat loving guys at a lunch hour served in a free fed buffet style  - not something that's always true!I was disappointed with Just Eat's delivery - 45 minutes late which is a terrible thing for a meeting... but they don't cater to the corporate crowd.    The food was still good (but I prefer it in restaurant personally but I'm not going to knock down the rating because of that)
<review# 529,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2013,5/19/2013,95,304,2,6,3>There are a lot of great things about Intrinsi. First off, there is a massive parking lot at the back, which makes visits low-stress - because parking on 17th Ave is never fun. Sometimes you are offered tea or water in the waiting room and they have environmentally responsible recycle carpet and unique art throughout the facility. One of the big things that drew me here was that you could schedule your appointment online, which makes it really easy to find an appointment instead of feeling rushed and stressed trying to find a time that fits over the phone with someone. I go here for both osteopathy and for naturopathy. I have had some bad pain in my back shoulder for many years now and Scott not only works it while I'm there, but he gives me exercises to do while I'm at work or everyday to improve it, so it's kind of a continued care instead of just a treatment every visit. As for naturopathy, the rates are more than reasonable for a very thorough assessment of every part of your body - inside and out. I really enjoy meeting with Dr. Nina as I feel she really listens to everything I have to say and has suggestions for even the smallest ailments. I feel much better after coming here and focusing on changing small things in my life. I've only been going here for a few months but the I've already recommended this to many of my friends who have noticed a difference in my general health.
<review# 530,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2012,5/18/2013,165,224,4,5,5>So you want Indian food, but perhaps a bit more than just 'butter chicken' and want to try something different? Head over to Safari Grill!This East African restaurant is amazing. It serves Tanzanian / Kenyan food, which is very similar to Indian food. It looks like a safari in there, with its zebra tablecloths, and exotic dishes. We tried their masala mogo, goat curry, okra and other delicacies. Everything was well-spiced, expertly prepared. Nothing was overly spicy, or overly greasy. They were served in pretty platers and we ate everything up, needless to say.  The restaurant was big, so it looked like it would hold big groups well.It has made it onto my 'regular' list of ethnic restaurants! So much more on that menu I want to try!Review #22 of Yelp's 30 Day Challenge 2012
<review# 531,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2013,5/17/2013,47,68,3,22,7>Ever been to China? I haven't, but I will be very soon!You will need a visa, but the process isn't hard. Aren't things like this always easier when you have someone or have some info on how the process works?Before I start writing about that, I'll tell you about my experience!If you do things properly and with any helpful advice from others who have gone through the same process, you'll have a better chance of having a more enjoyable experience. I only heard one person speak to a more senior employee there because he wanted to argue a point that "it didn't say I had to do that". Well, lets get something straight here folks - if they say, "no", arguing and debating is not going to do you any good.Everyone there is nice, they have a person at the entrance to help you and they are all very calm. Super pleasant experience with zero stress :)This isn't a restaurant or food I'm reviewing, it's the whole experience I've had with my visa application. And having an easy, pleasant experience like I had is all I'd like to share with you and hopefully will help anyone planning a trip to China one day. Start off on the right foot!My friend told me to go to the visa website and print off the visa application then just I drop off my application... and that's all he said.As I learned, there's a lot more to it than that:1. visit calgary.china-consulate. and go to the visa application section. Once there, you can choose to fill out your application online or print a blank one and fill it out by hand. I filled it out online. You will need the name, address and phone number(s) of where you will be staying.2. Once you complete you form, use the online appointment booking system to know when a good time to come in to drop your application off is - this saves you from having to wait a long time at the office; When you arrive there, they have a qeue ticket system and the first option is, "booked appointment online". 3. Bring a photo for your visa application. Believe it or not the photo used for your application is 2"x2" and not your standard passport photo size. The photo guy at Costco geeked out on this :P now I know lol. It costs $7 at Costco.4. Bring your passport. They will actually keep your passport during this process until you come back to pick up your visa. This is normal, don't be alarmed hahaNote: It can take up to 4 - 5 business days I process your visa.Tip: Book your plane ticket first. In the application, it says that you may need an invitation letter if you are visiting friends an it has to be signed by them. If you can't get that, all you need is a printed copy of your flight itinerary.5. When your done submitting your application, they give you a piece of paper that tells you when you come back to pick up our visa and passport.6. Come back to pick up your visa as early in the day as possible. They open at 9am weekdays. Bring $82 - that's how much it costs. If it says something cheaper than that somewhere, don't believe it - there's additional service fees that isn't clearly posted everywhere.That's it! Bon voyage! and thank you Chinese Visa Service Center :)
<review# 532,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2012,5/16/2013,83,568,6,8,4>Wow, I just inhaled the best pizza slice I've ever had in Calgary.  I may end up sweating a bit of grease and garlic later tonight, but it's worth it.  Donair Pizza, my friends.  Eat it.My spontaneous first time walk-in this afternoon exposed me to some seriously efficient service and attentive staff.  My money was barely out of my wallet before my food was handed to me.  I must add that the pizza box is solid and holds the grease well, not leaching through to the bottom.  Thumbs up.  The Donair Pizza itself is made with generous amounts of beef donair meat, cheddar and mozza cheese.  Some kind of "sweet sauce" is on it too and for the first time ever, I don't care what's in it because it's just that good.  A side of this "sweet sauce" was sent along with me and I drenched my pizza crust in it.  The single slices are substantial and this glorious experience cost me $3.20.  I'm really looking forward to ordering a full pizza from here.Review 13 for Yelp's 30 Day Challenge - Nov 2012
<review# 533,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/20/2013,5/15/2013,13,73,,3,5>Olive chicken.I love chicken. All of the chicken.I love chicken.Olive chicken. Uhh... I guess there isn't really much that hasn't been said already. This is great fried chicken.You should probably get it at least once a month in the summer and incorporated into some sort of beer drinking and outdoor recreation activity.You should always make sure to order a half and half; the plain fried chicken is beautifully crispy with a lovely flavor (you may just need to make sure to sprinkler with a bit of salt), and while the sweet and spicy sauce coated version doesn't bring a ton of heat, it has a restrained sweetness and a funky, maybe garlicky, undertone that is absolutely addictive.You shouldn't be compelled to order fries. They are fine, maybe a little above average, but will most certainly need a liberal sprinkling of salt. If you do order the fries, you should strongly consider a side container of sauce for dipping. You should absolutely order a side of pickled daikon. It is tangy and refreshing, and everything that a sad little tub of KFC/PFK coleslaw wishes vainly to be. You should maybe be aware that the chicken is not broken down in the western/traditional leg-thigh-breast pattern. While this may initially make it a little more difficult to determine if a piece will be dark or light meat, and result in the occasional inadvertent mouthful of cartilage or bone chunks (it's not nearly as bad as I've made that sound) it does mean that pieces cook more evenly, and you end up with a much better ratio of crispy breading to meat (no thick, dry, bland, thick whole breast chunks).You should maybe also know that the main thing holding them back from 5 stars is the lack of patio and liquor license...but if you're creative, you can probably figure out a way to remedy that.
<review# 534,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2013,5/14/2013,34,185,4,4,3>One of our vendors was holding an after conference shindig here and I was looking forward to it all day!The back part of the restaurant was sectioned off for the event with a few standing only tables scattered about. Two seafood platter towers were waiting to be devoured - overflowing with lobster, snow crab, oysters mussels, clams and peel & eat shrimp. YUM! Their famous wonton crusted tempura prawns, calamari and chicken spring rolls were in heavy rotation being served by their friendly staff. Everything was delicious - it was a bit difficult to eat lobster standing up though. (I'm sure if you're at Catch for a meal, you'll be sitting down!)It was starting to get busy (from people joining the event plus people dining in the main part of the restaurant) that it was getting profusely hot. We ended up leaving earlier than we wanted - but we had to cool off outside (and head to our next after conference party).I will definitely be back for a proper sit down meal, there's a lot of things I wanna try off the menu - and with all the positive reviews they have I'm sure I won't be disappointed!
<review# 535,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2013,5/13/2013,14,65,,4,3>I've been to Kensington Fitness a few times with a friend who has been a member for a couple of years. She loves the personal training and the friendly atmosphere. I couldn't agree more. The staff literally know the name of everyone who comes in.The gym is quite small, there are no extras (hot tub, pool, running track, etc.), but they have all of the equipment I could ever need. Some of the cardio equipment is a bit old, but I think they are upgrading it soon. My most recent visit was on Tuesday evening for the Boot Camp class. I've been to a few other boot camp style classes before, some at bigger gyms, and some held by private trainers outdoors. The boot camp at Kensington Fitness was more expensive (for non-members it's $25 per class if you pre-buy 6 classes, or $30 per drop-in class) but worth the price if you are looking for personalized attention. There was only three of us that day, so it felt more like a group personal training session because the trainer was able to watch all of us and give us our own feedback. In one hour we worked through 5 stations, each with 3 sets of 3 activities. I had done a few of the basic activities before on my own, but most were modifications to basics that I will continue to incorporate into my future work outs. I haven't become a member yet because I get a free gym pass at the University. But I'm thinking of getting the 6-pass for the boot camp. Even just to go every couple of weeks and learn some new moves :)
<review# 536,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2013,5/12/2013,89,72,3,4,1>This place has excellent dim sum! It's so good that you are probably going to have to wait a solid twenty minutes to be be seated while standing in the parking lot. They give you a disc that vibrates when your table is ready. The service is very quick once you're in. They are so busy that the servers take out all of the good lines and just get down to the business of getting you your meal. We giggled as servers yelled at each other for bringing the wrong orders to tables and quickly remedying the situation. When the food starting pouring onto the table we were delighted with AWESOME flavours and variety. Everything was truly excellent. Some leftovers came home with me to be enjoyed for the following dinner, which I wasn't hungry for because I was still so full from my meal in the morning. This is an experience to be enjoyed with others. Be sure to go there on an empty stomach and with plenty of spare buttons to repair bursting shirts.
<review# 537,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2013,5/11/2013,86,132,2,4,3>What can be better than killer cocktails and tapas dishes that change early and often. We've been here twice and the food and the service has been outstanding both times. Going in to detail on the dishes doesn't help much because the menu changes so often that it's printed on your paper placemat!
<review# 538,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2012,5/10/2013,27,72,5,5,4>I enjoy Towa for a twist on traditional sushi.  They have a bright, modern space on 4th St and 22nd Ave SW.  The space isn't huge, so don't be surprised to find it full.  They are very quick and efficient though, so the wait is never too long.  The rolls are huge (2-3x the diameter of a "traditional" roll), so take this into consideration when ordering!Some of our favorites:- Salmon Tataki - generous slices of salmon lightly seared on one side - flavorful and melt-in-your mouth deliciousness - Towa Special Roll - huge roll packed with salmon, red AND white tuna.  This roll is sure to satisfy your sushi cravings- Fire Cracker Roll - tempura'd jalepenos, cream cheese and smoked salmon - this one is for when you want something completely different!We often get takeout from Towa, and they are usually quite quick even when the restaurant is packed.  This is a great option if you want some good food but a quiet night in!Review #27 of Yelp's 30 Day Review Challenge
<review# 539,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2013,5/9/2013,98,157,9,4,6>Never before has my privacy felt so invaded when visiting a restaurant.I know. You read that opening line, you glanced back at the number of stars I am giving in this review, and now you're wondering how a five star review matches up with a sentence like that.Let me explain.I love food- NO!... I'm OBSESSED with food. There are aspects of food and of the food industry that really resonate with me. Flavours, styles, presentations that hit at a level of my own personal taste.With NOtaBLE, it's like Chef Noble read my mind. It's like he knew everything about my favorite styles of food and what I love about the restaurant experience, took that knowledge and formed it out of thin air into a fully functioning restaurant ... just ... for ... me.I know that sounds delusional and psychotic, but really, everything from the restaurant decor, to the casual professionalism of the staff, to the calm order of the open kitchen, to the design and description of dishes, to the pricing of the meals, to the quality of ingredients, to the level of execution ... is all flawless. Really, I wouldn't change A THING.So naturally, when I walked in, looked at a menu, was served and ate, I couldn't help feeling a little violated that someone had entered my head, made off with my most comforting thoughts of food and turned them into a business.The main dish I had was the mussels & frites in Thai coconut broth. For weeks before visiting NOtaBLE, I had been inexplicably obsessed with this thought of mussels and fries with Thai coconut broth, and sure enough, there it was on the menu when I arrived. I am fully convinced that Chef Noble must have planted an Inception in my dreams.It wouldn't be the first time, either, that Chef Noble was known for pulling food out of dreamland. Rumor has it that this is how the "Stilton cheesecake" on the menu was born. I wish I would have tried it, but alas, my attention was instead diverted to the warm dark chocolate pudding with salted caramel Village ice cream, which was beyond divine (sorry, Lord).But I'm not too worried. I'll simply try it next time.Because there will ALWAYS be a next time.
<review# 540,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2013,5/8/2013,0,14,,2,2>The pizza here was really good! I'd recommend it mostly for a take-out, they don't have much seating inside the tiny restaurant. They have recently added two little tables and a few small chairs out on the patio. Roma's sells pizza by the slice (it looks like they have three types to choose from at any given time) or you can order from their varied menu. I had the Hawaiian, which oddly enough also had mandarin oranges on it. I wasn't sure how I'd feel about the oranges, but they were friendly with the pineapple and the whole thing worked. The sauce had a great flavour, the crust was just right and the whole thing was a delicious hot and cheesy experience. If you're in the neighbourhood it is worth a try, I was pleasantly surprised by this pretty unassuming pizza joint.
<review# 541,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2013,5/7/2013,52,73,,4,5>Having just returned from Paris, France, I needed a macaron fix - and fast!!Imagine my pure delight when I walked into Yann Haute Patisserie and saw all of those gorgeous coloured macarons! (note: these are French macarons, not to be confused with coconut macaroons)There are other lovely decadent desserts and pastries, but I was only there for the macarons. Of course, I chose 8 of my absolute favs - salted caramel, and then I was adventurous and tried some lavender ones, mint ones, and berry ones. I am delighted to report that the salted caramel were fantastic - sweet and chewy, and just a tad salty. My next favourite were the raspberry ones - OMG - yum!I couldn't have been more pleased with the selection and quality of macarons that were available at Yann`s. And make sure to let your macarons get to room temperature before eating them, then they will have a nice chew to them. If they are cool they might be crunchy - which isn`t how they taste best.
<review# 542,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2013,5/6/2013,78,111,2,3,2>This place used me my favourite luxury when I lived in Kensington from '08-'10 - $10 would see me enjoying lovely food, good service, and lots and lots of leftovers.So I was delighted that Tiff organized a UYE here -  and to discover it's still as delicious and as affordable as ever.I was being indecisive, so I ordered the meat sample platter. It came with a chicken dish, a cabbage and potato dish, a beef & onion dish, and a spicy beef dish and tons of injera bread to eat it all with -  for $12.99. And OMG it was delicious! Everything had so much flavour, the spicy beef made me turn bright red (but didn't upset my sensitive tummy), the injera bread was spongy and delicious, the flavouring of all the dishes were a wonderful mix of savory and spicy.... and I have SO MUCH FOOD LEFT. Seriously, I will be eating leftovers for days.I also have to give props to the woman who runs the whole show there (seriously, she does all the work by herself, not sure why the guys who 'work' there never do anything to help her) - I was feeling nauseous from hunger and asked how much longer it would be until the food was ready, so she put a bit of a 'rush' on mine and hurried to complete it sooner/ make sure I was ok - and then kept checking in with me to ensure I still was for the remainder of our time there. So sweet!So happy to go back and enjoy great food, great atmosphere and great service - I'm glad to know that while so many places in Calgary have changed in the 3 years I was away this little gem is still wonderful!
<review# 543,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2013,5/5/2013,35,291,2,5,2>First off, for some reason I always expected this place to be dark and replete with leather lounge chairs.  In actual fact, the setup is like a cross between an old fashioned bar and a family restaurant: A massive wall of whisk(e)ys, oak finishes, walls festooned with old pictures and signs everywhere with cutesy sayings on them.  The service was nice and prompt.The menu is pretty simple...a few appies, salad, several steaks, and a few fish. My mission was clear though: a cooked-to-order burger.  They make an 8oz., thick sirloin patty that is the probably the best I've ever had. Juicy and well seasoned, I suggest getting it medium rare.  The bun is nothing special, but put together with the cheese, bacon, lettuce, tomato, and red onion it almost requires one of those serpentine dislocating jaws like you see on nature shows.The accompanying coleslaw is made with savoy cabbage, which gives it a pleasurable coleslaw-salad hybrid feel.  The fries are the thick, steakhouse variety, and can be dipped in the spicy mayo "burger sauce" that is served on the side, unless you've preemptively slathered the whole pot on your bun.Best of all, this burger is only $10 during Happy Hour (3-6pm).  Combine a burger with the special flight of whiskies available on a Wednesday and it just doesn't get much better than this...4.5 stars only because the atmosphere doesn't quite match the machismo of the burger.
<review# 544,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2013,5/3/2013,17,31,,2,2>This has got to be the best dog park in the city... beautiful scenery combined with a great offleash area for the dogs to run and lots of benches and tables for relaxing or a pit stop to feed the kids. There are also very few traffic access points so it is nice and safe for the dogs and walkers alike.The terrain in this park is fantastically varied with lots of flats, a couple of easy rolling hills and one long steep hill taking you from the parking lot at Sandy Beach up to River Park. You can take the paved path the whole way or add some off-trail walking to increase the adventure! If you're looking for something more, there are also BBQ areas and playgrounds - a fantastic way to spend an afternoon with a group of friends. Walk, run, jog, cycle or float... this park is a must visit for anyone in Calgary, and your dogs will love it too!--L
<review# 545,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/21/2012,5/2/2013,26,47,1,4,4>Review #21 of Yelp's 30 Day Challenge 2012Kingsland is usually my go to place on Sunday mornings when a lot of places in the area are still closed before 11am. My husband and I would strategically take the entrance near the open area with tables so we can sample whatever it is they're free tasting in the veggie/fruit section. They were sampling mangoes for a few weeks and of course my husband would go every week. I like shopping for fruits and veggies here cos you can tell from afar from the colors how fresh they are. After shopping veggies and fruits, we'd walk to the shawarma place so we can order a large chicken shawarma which we share. The chicken is a little bit salty but I didn't mind because everything else is good. When we drop by and the owner is around, he always tries to talk to us in what little Tagalog he knows. They also sell good hummus (in varying flavors), chips, and pita bread to take home.While eating our shawarma, we'd go around the market and check out other things we can take home. There's a pastry place, a pizza stand with gluten-free options, meat stand, deli stand, chips and dip, chinese food, ready mix for pad thai, italian food, gelato, wine, etc. I always end up buying something even if Im already done with my grocery for the week. To end our Kingsland trip, we stop by the crepe stand where they always smother our order with nutella.
<review# 546,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2013,5/1/2013,35,60,1,2,3>A very yummy meal and a pretty atmosphere especially if you sit by the window. The tacos... YUM. Fresh guacamole made in front of you, also YUM, and a hot meaty cheesy messy appy was also very YUM. Coconut shrimp, yum YUM. And the "pitcher" of classis Margarita, a classic yum. The music/noise level was so high that we all had trouble hearing each other, and the waitress kept trying to clear our food before we had finished. We felt pressured to leave, but considering how much food and drinks we ordered, I can't imagine why?!
<review# 547,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2012,4/30/2013,85,210,4,4,4>Ha! I thought I'd written a review for this venue but apparently I just drafted it in my head and that's as far as it got.I've been spending a lot more time here in 2012 than I have before. I used to come once a year or so for a corporate town hall, but my current company holds a speaker series here pretty much once a month. Getting to the Metropolitan Centre is easy by foot - there's an entrance on the +15 level and ground level to outside. Parking is like any other parking downtown, so we won't dwell on that.There are multiple sizes of rooms, from a boardroom table of 12 very comfortable chairs with an awesome view of downtown, to rooms that seat 500+. In terms of catering, I've only ever had the sandwiches, but they're really good and the catering staff can tell you exactly what's in them, which impresses the heck out of me considering some of the service you get nowadays. And the cookies are legendary. Let's leave it at that.The staff is also very accommodating - they have no issues pulling in extra chairs if you exceed what you've got available, and once I had opted to stand at the back instead of taking up a chair and they brought one just for me. That's service!As an event venue, I'd definitely recommend the Metropolitan Conference Centre to any company, organization or event.Review #27 of Yelp's 30 Day Challenge 2012
<review# 548,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2013,4/29/2013,35,25,15,8,7>Do not go here. If you have money and you put value on the possession of set money, I can not imagine a more dangerous place for you to to go.You have passionate & knowledgeable staff.You have incredible products of unfathomable craftsmanship.And you are encouraged to play with knives.Go to Knifewear at your own risk. Please note that you will also become a knife-snob after you are properly educated about what a good knife is. Then as your friends see how awesome you've become, they will ask you to take them. Then your friends will become poor.Basically Knifewear is a pyramid scheme to take everyones money through offering incredible products and corrupting you into bringing your friends with their awesomeness.
<review# 549,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/16/2012,4/28/2013,10,49,3,8,2>Boudoir Rouge. I guess I'll open with; "less gnarly than other strip clubs I've been in". I think that's how I will sum this place up too. Boudoir Rouge is relatively new, and a friend of mine and her finacee decided to have a Jack and Jill stag night there (after having separate parties earlier). Upon arrival, all the girls were of course pleased not to have to pay cover, and were even happier when we saw the place was almost deserted, so we had our choice of table. We grabbed one with a platform and pole in the middle, and immediately got bottle service. Because frankly, this is not a place you'd want to remain sober in. The reason I found this strip club less gnarly than some others in Calgary is that there were scantily-clad dancers, as well as strippers who did the usual full-monty strip tease giving away cheesy posters along the way. The dancers were less in your face and hardcore than strippers often can be. So it kind of worked out for a group of women who weren't really there for the chicks. The whole group had a blast. Every one gathered around our platform and pole and almost everyone, guys are girls, got up on it at least once. For vodka-related reasons, I can't comment on the prices of drinks because the bottle services we got in the beginning caught up to me pretty quickly. I can tell you they're not cheap though, because I was out around $100 by the end of the night, not including the bottle service. This isn't really that surprising though. The décor of the place was nicer than other bars of the same kind I've been in elsewhere. I would actually argue that part of their approach is to be more female-friendly overall to draw more women into the bar. That's the impression I was getting from the general vibe of the place. It seemed less sleazy, less male-dominated and more youthful than some other places. So, to sum up, "less gnarly than other strip clubs I've been in".Yelp 30 day challenge 9/30
<review# 550,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2012,4/27/2013,47,97,1,5,2>Review #1 of Yelp's 30 Day Challenge 2012.Food: 3.5/5Service: 3/5Ambiance: 4.5/5Overall experience: 4/5(1- Terrible; 3- decent; 5- Fantastic)I was a little hesitant to try Home Tasting Room after seeing mediocre ratings from when it first opened, but after 20 minutes of  walking in the cold, my friend and I settled here since neither of us have been to Home Tasting Room. And boy, did I not regret my decision! The highlight of our "linner" was meeting executive chef Xavier Lacaze who competed on Top Chef Canada S02! He has been working at Home Tasting Room for about 3 months now. To some people, this means nothing, but as a foodie I was ecstatic and a little starstruck. Super nice guy =DThat aside, Home Tasting Room knocked out some stellar food! Their menu concept is "shared plates" which is ideal for those who want to try a little bit of everything. We arrived at around 3PM and ordered from their dinner menu. Their menu consisted of simple, fresh, ingredients prepared in a careful manner. There were a few starters (soup and salads), a list of shared plates (~$15-$23), and entrees (~$26-$30). We ordered their:- Charcuterie Tasting with Local Artisan & House Made Meats which included salami, smoked bison which was my favourite, cured sausage, and slices of meat terrine. There was a delicious yellow (maybe peach or mango) fruit compote, homemade mustard, and pickled onions, egg, and carrots ($23). If you like charcuterie boards, I suggest sharing this dish among 2-3 people. The meats weren't overly salty and there was enough variety to keep the juices flowing.- Pacific Scallops with Brown Butter & Winter Squash Puree, Pine Nuts, Turkish Olive oil ($17). The dish came with 3 large scallops and a parital one that were seasoned well and perfectly cooked; not rubbery at all. The winter squash puree looked like baby food and had an odd lumpy texture, but it tasted rich from the brown butter which is always a plus. Another dish that I recommend if you like scallops.- I ordered myself two East Coast oysters ($3.50/ea) that came with a House Mignonette. The oysters were clean tasting and the mignoette was delicious; it wasn't overly vinegary-tasting and had a nice light hint of vanilla.  As the restaurant's name suggests, the ambiance was very warm, inviting, and "homey". They have an open kitchen concept where guests can sit up front and watch their food being prepared. It's partial stone walls makes the restaurant very beautiful in a rustic kind of way.Our food came out all at once and in a very reasonable amount of time; then again we were the only people dining at the time and we avoided the lunch/dinner rush. Our server was friendly, but when asked about the drinks and to explain what was on our charcuterie board, he wasn't very knowledgeable which was disappointing. His shift must have ended in the middle of our meal because we got a new waiter who was more enthusiastic and engaging with us. Overall, I highly recommend a visit to Home Tasting Room for a "shared" type of meal and for deliciously prepared wholesome food. I found the prices to be reasonable for quality ingredients and expert preparation. I was definitely full from and satisfied with my meal. I will definitely come back to try the rest of their menu!
<review# 551,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2012,4/26/2013,25,76,4,4,2>Bloody hell, can this place do any wrong?Seeing as I have been to Blue Star four times this month, I figured I should do a follow up review! WHY DOES IT SEEM MORE DELICIOUS EACH TIME? Today we squeezed in for a quick brunch before the onslaught of all of Calgary arrived as they do each weekend for this joint. Usually it's omelets for me, but today I tried the pulled pork hash-and my god, so glad I did. The pork was amazing..so tender, and tasty and perfectly spiced. The sweet potatoes mixed with peppers and mushrooms were so saucy and amazing, then on top of the whole fiesta was two poached eggs that released heavily yolk down through the whole bowl! This my friends was a match of perfect made in heaven (orrr in a diner:). As usual, service was fantastic, attentive and coffee was never empty. The food came fast, fresh and hot-without a single issue to be found.A great brunch!A this point I also want to give a shout out to the short rib cheesesteak on the feature menu. I've had this three times and I literally am speechless for this item as I've never eaten a sandwich so amazing. It's beyond worth the visit. Like beyond. Taste explosion on the softest most amazing roll you could bake. Go get this now please....so glad I live in Bridgeland and Blue Star lives here with me.
<review# 552,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2012,4/25/2013,40,81,4,3,5>I used to drive by Weeds ALL the time when I was young, full of energy, and used what little spending money I had on alcohol (ahhh, university).  Now I'm old, need caffeine to power my work days, and still spend too much on alcohol.  So, I rolled into Weeds, a little too stressed out, for a work meeting.  Luckily the first item on the menu that caught my attention were the boozy coffees.  Automatically a 3 star review because how many non-restaurants will serve you a boozy coffee?  Unfortunately, at 10am I'm still the responsible sort, so I passed on the booze in favor of a latte.  I was there to conduct business dammit!Beans are 49th Parallel and my latte was smooth.  Cozy atmosphere and a little off the beaten track.  Food looked tasty but the pesky angel on my shoulder told me not to indulge so I savored the latte and focused on bidness.Bottom line - definitely worth a visit, especially if you're not inclined to be 'responsible' like I was.  Cash only though, so plan ahead.
<review# 553,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2013,4/24/2013,115,261,2,4,3>My mom and I were going to an event Friday night, and wanted a nice bite to eat beforehand somewhere close. A quick Yelp search brought up Sugo, so we gave it a shot. Given that it was early evening, the place was pretty dead when we arrived but by the time we were left it had picked up quite a bit! The space is gorgeous, although the floors are not exactly heel-friendly (almost took a spill walking to & from the bathroom!).We were seated and had a very cute waiter, who I think might have been new, given the quality of service we received. The menu changes slightly everyday, which I sort of like, because everything was so fresh. What I don't like is their little disclaimer on the bottom of the menu re: splitting the bill. I completely understand that policy, but didn't like the way it was worded. Found that quite rude, and will keep that in mind for group dinners. We ordered a small cheese plate to start, one of which was recommended by said cute waiter, and I was very impressed because it was exactly the kind of cheese I wanted! It came with a nice side of pickled veggies (but no pickles - odd) and a little bit of duck breast. We also ordered oysters, which were good, but not the best I've had. I had the Spaghetti with Prawns & Clams and my mom had the Gnocchi with Veal Medallion. Both of our entrees were absolutely delicious! We found them to be somewhat small portions, but I was glad for that, because we were just SO full after the appies and cheese (not to mention the bread that comes with the table, mmm!).  We skipped the dessert because we were stuffed, although I wish I hadn't - seeing as how I love creme brulee - and it's mentioned in previous reviews!It was a very nice experience, even though our waiter did tend to 'forget' about us on occasion, and it is on the pricey side. I also wasn't a big fan of the bathroom - it seems trivial but the hallway where it's located was dark and there was no signage - making for an awkward trip to the girls room. All in all, it was a good experience, but I'm not sure it's one I would rush back for.
<review# 554,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2013,4/23/2013,11,29,,3,2>I just moved into the area, and was taken to this place by someone who said I just moved right by the awesome Vietnamese restaurant. Man, were they right. This place has probably one of the most flavorful and spiciest sate pho I have ever had. Even though it is in a strip mall, you walk in and it's a nice classy place. They play jazz music and have a nice chill vibe. It even has a tv so I can watch the game, or just check it from time to time depending who I'm with. It is definitely at the top of my list, and being walking distance from it, I will be here all the time!
<review# 555,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2013,4/21/2013,45,205,2,4,3>Walked into Roosevelt on a snowy Sunday morning. The service was excellent from the hostess seating us until the end of our meal. I had the frittata and my boyfriend had the ham Bennie. Both were the perfect size for a mid morning meal. Excellent crispy potatos and fresh fruit accompanied our meals..  It's a lot more open and bright than its predecessor, Classic Jack, which frankly was a bit cavernous and dank. I love the bathrooms. Walking into the women's, the wall between it an the men's is see through, so the bathrooms have the sink and dryer in them. . . Don't ask me why, but I love having a sink, hand dryer and mirror to myself. The one and only downside was the music. It was ridiculously loud. . .I could definitely see people not wanting to eat there because of it. It was distracting on an otherwise slow morning. Please Roosevelt, turn it down maybe one or two decibels for your patrons sake and sanity?
<review# 556,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2013,4/20/2013,100,342,2,4,4>My 200th review! And I wanted to save it for a place I'd been dying to try forever! It's actually a 4.5, but the price is a little steep. I knew where it was, as I used to go there when it was a bar named Sue. But I will admit, if you don't know where it is, it's going to suck. All they have is a black and white tiger above the door. I was meeting up with Stephanie S. and the hubs and I got here first. Very small inside, but I already knew that. I did love the fact the entire place is GF! But $4 for pretzels that I have at home, little much. And $8 for vodka orange juice, come on. other than that it was good and I would love to come back and try more food.
<review# 557,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2012,4/19/2013,93,149,6,8,4>THIS RESTAURANT IS LOCATED INSIDE THE POINT AND FEATHER HOTELWhew, now that I've got that one teeny, tiny, handy tidbit about finding this place out of the way,  I must say how glad I am that I got to experience this food in the company of some other yelpers!I love going out to places like this with larger groups because you are able taste so many different items on the menu, which doesn't work out well when it's dinner for two and you've ordered 6 mains to share. It also helps you to order things you might not necessarily chose on your own.Having our own lovely vegan in the mix also helped me to get my tofu on. Of everything we shared the stars were the coconut and chicken soup, the eggplant green curry and the pork pad thai. Their coconut rice is also amazing. I don't know how you get coconut rice that good, whenever I make it at home, it smells vaguely like it once had a bath in some coconut body wash a week ago, but never tastes coco-nutty. Not like this.I wish I could of stayed for dessert, but I was already weighed down by so much coconut milk and had a soccer game to get to. We lost the game but luckily I didn't lose my dinner from the exertion.My fiancé doesn't even like thai food, but I will be dragging him here cause I need to consume that deliciousness again. There is more than peanuts to this place! Plus a really creepy elephant marionette doll that your head can bash into.
<review# 558,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2012,4/18/2013,28,29,,3,1>I have gone to muku several times now and absolutely love their spicy tonkatsu chashu ramen. I order mine half size with bean sprouts. You definitely have to try their sukiyaki beef -sweet and flavorful. Another fave of mine is the unagi rice, generous amount of unagi although I feel like the quantity has decreased from the very first time I tried it. I have not tried any other ramen houses but haven't felt the need to. Hole in the wall with good service. Only downside is that it is sometimes super cold inside, especially beside the window.
<review# 559,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2013,4/17/2013,8,37,,21,13>Excellent Persian food in Inglewood!Arch is a new (Jan 2013), family-run authentic Persian restaurant on 9th ave.  This is not another falafel joint on the corner.  Arch serves some of the expected Persian standards- shish, etc.- but has a diverse menu including lots of vegetarian options.  The food is exceptionally well prepared, healthy, and subtly spiced to perfection.  My personal favourite was the rich and flavourful pomegranate stew with saffron rice- it's one of the best dishes I've had anywhere in Calgary in a long time.  Potentially ordinary appetizers like the eggplant with lavash and the falafel (6 perfect falafel each served on a tomato slice) rise way above the standard. Appetizers are around $10 and mains run $15-25.  The portions are just right and the prices are justified given the quality of the food.  They also have a short but excellent selection of wines by the glass or bottle as well as a full bar.  The service is warm, friendly and attentive, and the room is a well appointed large space with decor direct from the Middle East.  Finish with the saffron tea and leave happy.  This place represents Persian food done right and is a major addition to Calgary's food scene.
<review# 560,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2012,4/16/2013,28,85,2,3,2>Stopped in for lunch at the recommendation of another BC transplant and was suitably impressed.  The salmon and tuna sashimi was very fresh.  The other rolls were a little tiny for the price but I am slowly getting used not having cheap sushi on every street corner.  Everything tasted good.  Small but good.  Tried the soy wraps and the lobster one was tasty.One standout was the service - it was impressive.  Attentive and quick.  Plus all the ladies get a free box of Pocky - nice gimmick that totally works on me.
<review# 561,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2013,4/15/2013,48,110,4,7,3>Love it. Received basil infused olive oil and mango balsamic vinegar as a gift. After tasting what real olive oil should taste like, I threw out our old olive oil and balsamic . I went to check it out and to stock up on more items. Despite the fact it was closing in ten minutes, Kara took me around the store. After a few samples, I settled on a white balsamic vinegar, which tasted amazing. I appreciated Kara's help and she provided me with different ways to use their product. Oliv Tasting Room is a Kensington gem.
<review# 562,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2013,4/14/2013,40,98,2,6,4>Small, quiet, in a part of Kensington/Hillhurst I don't frequently go, and shit for parking...HOWEVER - the service A++. The food, very good. Unique presentation - we had a 'lotus' built out of something edible as part of the set up of our sushi rolls. The fresh tasty salmon sashimi, was separated in it's own bowl on ice, not just in a lonely corner on the large plate with our rolls. Hopefully this artistry  doesn't drop off anytime soon if they were to get uber popular.Service - Adorable. It's kind of weird to say the service is adorable but it was. The owner (I assume?) was cute as a bug, very attentive, not bothersome, made some great recommendations, and even apologized for not being more attentive (which wasn't the case).All in all I will go back more than once, and probably more than twice. The prices are very good, and you don't have to wait long for a table.
<review# 563,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2013,4/12/2013,16,76,2,3,3>I must add to my previous review after attending a Co-op Beer Dinner at WR. If you've never been to a Beer Dinner, I recommend them. They are usually around $60 for five courses and five beers.Now here's where it gets interesting. I always really enjoyed the food at Wild Rose, finding it complimentary to the beer and relatively healthy. But the menu at the Beer Dinner revealed the Wild Rose chefs to be nothing short of genius. These guys are capable of much more than they are letting on. That said, I have seen some of their more unique creations start to creep their way into the standard menu. The beer dinner consisted of Velvet Fog steamed mussels and clams, roasted SMOKEY butternut squash soup with bacon paired with IPA (mind blowing), mushroom and goat cheese salad, and then an unbelievable Alberta braised short ribs in demi-glaze, roasted winter squash, cabbage, and baked polenta. This all finished with a cherry porter trifle; light, and full of cherry flavour with smokey notes. It was simply outstanding. Keep your eye out for this event in the future! With any luck, even more of these awesome menu items will crop up on their standard rotation!Normal menu rotation must-try items: Blue cheese field greens (if you're into blue cheese), Alberta crude oatmeal stout (on a cold day), salmon gravlax, Brewer's lunch (come hungry).
<review# 564,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/1/2012,4/11/2013,137,253,3,9,6>Stop.  Close eyes.  Take that first bite of the carrot cake.  Savor the denseness of the cake.  Not too sweet.  Is that walnut?  Chew a little more.  Open eyes.  Take a sip of the coffee.  Strong. Strong and dark, must be a Sumatra blend.  Good.  Wash that first bite of cake down.  Take another bite.  Chew a little more.  Yes, there's a citrus flavour there.  Is it pineapple?  Could be, but should confirm.  Nice touch on the cream cheese icing. Sip the coffee.  Again, it's a wonderful match. Savor the experience.  Repeat.That was my first experience with the newly expanded Primal Eats at the Kingsland Farmers' Market, and it was a heck of a introduction.  The carrot cake was just wonderful.  I'm not about to give a lot of fancy foodies descriptions and so on, simply that if you're looking for the ideal break in the middle of the day, or a guilty pleasure, I would definately say that the Primal Eats cake and the dark Sumatra coffee should be ranked up there as a rare gem.As for Primal Eats itself?  They offer a great selection of fresh healthy home made soups to eat or take home, baked goods, quiches and the like, basically everything that a great cafe would have.  Add the friendly atmosphere of the Kingsland Farmers' Market, and you have an oasis of relative peace (even with the shoppers shuffling around) in the south of the city.  I wish I could write a little more, and there will be updates over time as I try out other parts of the menu, but as a beginning, it was simply awesome.Review #1 of Yelp's 30 Day Challenge 2012
<review# 565,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2013,4/10/2013,25,88,1,3,2>A small neighbourhood grocery store. A great choice for those of us who live in the bowness area and need to pick up some quick grocery items. One of my favorite parts of this grocery store is their willingness to bring in items for customers. They provide many healthy options for the health aware consumer. Colin and I have picked up dinner a number of times from a section that offers healthy home cooked meals like shepards pie, soup, pasta and so on. The stores employees are all friendly and will laugh and chat it up while they ring you through. It's definately not the size of a coop or a safeway but if can hold it's own for a good protion of your basic shopping needs and then some. Plus you can't beat that family and friends ambience.
<review# 566,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2013,4/9/2013,194,334,2,5,3>I was at a silent auction about a year ago, and saw this young woman (that I didn't know) with the most amazing hair color and style.  I couldn't help myself but to blurt out, "I absolutely love your hair!  where do you get it done?".She was flattered, smiled, and pointed to the little girl beside her, and said, "Kaysha does my hair".  I got her card, and called her immediately.This is how my budding relationship started with Me Hair and Body Salon.Kaysha has helped fix my hair.  I have long, processed hair that seems to only grow to a certain length, and of course, requires TLC between the processing so i don't look like a hag. Yep.  That sums it up.Now, I go to Kaysha every six weeks for a trim to keep it healthy and to help it grow.  She also got me onto some products that I use prior to flat ironing and also, a conditiioner that she told me to throw on my head whenever I am simply home and have time to walk around wtih a head full of conditioner.These 3 efforts have helped me with surpassing my hair growth plateau, and honestly, my hair has never looked better in terms of its health.Price point for a cut and color is around $150-$170ish.  The location of DouglasGlen is perfect for me as a Riverbend Resident.  The hours are flexible, and I appreciate the Saturday appointments.Kaysha, I will follow you anywhere!
<review# 567,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2012,4/8/2013,190,342,,4,3>Upstairs of La Dolce Vita is a LDV (La Dolce Vita) Pizza Bar.Since there are not many pics of the place on yelp or online, I came here blindly!The building is sooo cool! A big white building with Juliet balconies and vines climbing up the walls. I've never been to Italy but it seem very Italian!Inside of LDV is very cozy, dimly lit ambiance.  There is a section with a fireplace, and the tables are set up so that it's not a giant room and you can have some privacy with your company.  They have a fairly large selection of beer.Good service.The pizza is the thinnest pizza I've ever eaten.  I would have liked it a little crispier but that's personal taste.   The pizza prices ranged from $18-$24... avg being $21 / pizza. The pizza size is approx 10" pizza.Not a large menu but besides the pizza rhere are salad options, a few pasta options, and also side options (e.g. Truffle fries, etc).  At 6pm we found parking outside with no problems.Great alternative to the other pizza places on 17th or Kensington if you don't want to wait in line or deal with crowds or finding parking!
<review# 568,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2013,4/7/2013,138,614,2,4,3>Simple little place, no frills here. I think keeping the Vietnamese simple is the secret to GOOD Vietnamese, one of my fave foods.I popped in for lunch - I had been here once before for pho and was not let down.Today I had a craving for Vermicelli. It was after the lunch rush, I got to sit wherever I wanted. Before my butt even hit the seat, a nice hot pot of tea was brought out to me. Nice touch, I love tea with my lunch. I ordered Vermicelli with charbroiled pork and spring rolls and man, it was brought out quickly.The noodles were cooked perfectly and I loved the spring rolls (2). They were cut up which makes for way easier eating.I deducted 1 star as the pork was as thin as jerky. Still had the grill marks on the slices but were not moist and juicy. Next time I will stick to my go-to prawns with spring rolls that I usually order from other places.Service was fine and I do recommend this place for a quick and inexpensive lunch. ($11 including tip!)Next time I will ask for Basil and lime - thanks Yelp reviewers for letting me know I could do this!
<review# 569,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2013,4/6/2013,56,63,2,6,4>I have heard good things about Chef Roy Oh's take on Korean cuisine and recently, I finally had the opportunity to see what his restaurant Anju was all about. Tucked away in a cozy corner of downtown Calgary in a renovated 2-story house, this unassuming building was about to yield its secrets to this anxious diner. Eat to drink, Drink to live, Live to eat. This simple mantra which is the first thing you see upon visiting their website speaks of the minimalist grace and style that Anju pulls off so wonderfully, from the design of the space to the flavours of the dishes.Korean food is known for its use of spicy chili, fermented kimchi, and the plethora of those curious little sides, called banchan. It's an orchestrated composition of umami with high notes and low, balancing the spice with savoury and sweet. Colours and textures all play an important role as the dishes come alive before your eyes and on your palate. The 7 course tasting menu was about to show me what Anju was all about.We started off with a spicy salmon taco with a sesame slaw on crispy wonton taco shells. The dressing of the slaw was a delicate balance of that roasted sesame flavour with a touch of acidity. Of course, you can't go wrong with raw salmon. Cool and meaty, it was a great start to an evening.What followed was probably one of my favourite dishes of the night. A beautiful braised oxtail tortellini with soy topped with shaved grana padano. That oxtail was simple yet sublime with a solid savoury, slightly sweet base complemented by the sharp hit from the grana padano for the ultimate punch of umami in a single bite. Unreal.Next was panko breaded crispy tofu with sautéed kimchi and citrus aioli. The crispy panko was seasoned to make it slightly spicy, but not overwhelming. It's textural contrast with the silky tofu underneath was well executed and the kimchi underneath was clean tasting, yet faithful to the essence of what you expect from kimchi. Top that with the citrus aioli bringing its hint of sweetness and you have one delicious starter. The housemade kimchi here is a brand all its own, I might add. It doesn't have a heavy, super fermented flavour, but the fermentation flavour does shine through, giving this kimchi a taste that's unique. It's almost reminiscent of a sparkling white. Seriously. I think that this is important as the kimchi plays a huge role as an element to a lot of the dishes here.What arrived next was the wings I have always been hearing about. Korean fried chicken, or KFC as it's affectionately known as, has a signature style. It's a super-crispy double-fried chicken, in this case, the wings which are then coated with a spicy/sweet gochujang sauce. These wings, in my opinion, can drop the other hot wings like a bag of dirt. Anju's tasting sampler came with 3 flavours - salt and szechuan pepper, teriyaki, and gochuajng. First off, these wings are enormous and when they arrive at the table, they almost tell you that they mean business. The crunch factor is equally as impressive and the meat inside is tender and juicy. Sauces are well balanced and flavourful. What I did appreciate was the salt and pepper wings. The aroma of the salt and szechuan pepper was enticing while the flavour was what you'd expect from a well-seasoned piece of meat. A subtle yet effective way to highlight the quality of the chicken itself.The kalbi that arrived next was tender and tasty. Silver Sage produces some good beef and these short ribs were perfectly grilled and marinated. To accompany this was a simple plate of roasted Brussels sprouts with lop cheong and a lemongrass dressing that was delicious. The lemongrass provided balance to the richness of the thinly sliced lop cheong, all brought together with these roasted Brussels sprouts which have you hunting around the plate for the charred bits.Finally, the pork shoulder bo ssam. In this mini-version of bo ssam, you still get the fresh lettuce wraps and mint with all the toppings and condiments, just in a smaller presentation. The pork shoulder is pulled and dressed with sauce and roasted peppers and includes the delicious bits of crispy ends you get with a full roast, so you're not missing a thing. The richness of the meat comes through as you bite into the fresh, crisp lettuce wrap with the herbaceous hint of mint leaf and whatever else you choose to top your perfect handful of goodness.To finish, ice cream bars were the perfect way to end the meal. With flavours like mango and honeydew, I was brought back to the grocer's freezer at T&T for the first time, thinking to myself how Asian ice cream makers could make such awesome confections.Great job, Anju! I love your work and I will be back.
<review# 570,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2012,4/5/2013,429,445,10,13,11>Opening my messages yesterday afternoon, I found a wonderful message from Jon; one of the pastors at Eastside. One that was sincere, and genuinely attempted to address the strong concerns I had about the hateful agenda being instilled in the members of their congregation. A doctrine that he says is no longer being taught at Eastside, now that Ron Leach has long since stepped down and retired from being the pastor."...I think the North American church as whole has done a poor job of communicating that nothing can separate people from Jesus' love for them.  Unfortunately we've (the big 'we') done a better job of communicating what we are against and not a good job communicating what we are for.  I know many churches have differing perspectives on God's intention for sexual expression, but I'm not sure how any church can teach hatred or argue that God is against anyone." - JonWhether or not you believe in God, I think that if you do and are looking for a place to worship, that you should be able to do so freely while still being every bit the person that God made you to be. As someone of mixed ethnicities, as someone artistic, as someone not of average height, as... hell, someone that once used to have rainbow hair and multiple piercings, yeah. I've encountered discrimination in all shapes and forms. But church should be the one place where it shouldn't exist. It's THE sanctuary.So knowing that Eastside will accept one of my friends with not just forced "tolerance," but with love? Yeah, I can recommend them now.
<review# 571,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/15/2012,4/4/2013,305,278,6,6,6>Two part review coming up, since I visited twice, once for breakfast once for after work snacking.I was pretty amped for this borderline downtown cafe, dessert that's few steps from work. How awesome! I've driven by many times and thought 'what a sweet looking cafe, look at all the lovers sipping coffee, sharing dessert *sort of jealous face.* Got my caramel macchiato here and it was very good. Good if you love 20 packs of sugar good. It was a go go go kind of morning. They don't have soy.Second visit, I visited by car. What a horrible idea. There is no parking on the street side, and if you turn onto 6th there are only a few that are occupied by the apartment complex. If you can make that 4 lane merge, there's also a few on that side of the street too. Lunch hour is pretty busy, but most people are getting their orders to go.I ordered the Rose Milk Tea, that I had to ask to have water added to dilute the sugar. They have pressed grilled tuna sandwiches!!! $5 (really good price for downtown). The cake selection was abundant, and hard to choose one. I had a slice of the chocolate swiss roll cake and it was good. More cake then there was cream though. If you are looking for a quiet place to have a initimate conversation over some coffee, this would be perfect. Slice of cake to share? Atmosphere is great, with ceiling to floor windows that let you watch the dt traffic and world go by. Food is ok, everything else being over sugared to my tastes though.Review #13 of Yelp's 30 Day Challenge 2012
<review# 572,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2012,4/3/2013,130,261,5,5,4>I love Cedars, and even more so now that I can get my fix even if the Edmonton Trail location is closed- this one has mall hours! While I hate entertaining the idea of a mall food court, I found it very efficient today on my way home to stop by Market Mall, spend five minutes inside getting my vegan Mediterranean plate to go, and then running away again. This plate included three falafel balls, tahini, tabouleh, four vine leaves, hummus, and pita. All of this cost $9 which is fantastic to me. So much food. Another thing that I like getting is the mini mezza for $7.50, but I wanted grapevine leaves so this worked perfectly. Despite being busy, the service is friendly and efficient. The staff are great, and the menu even has little symbols for "vegetarian" "vegan" and "dairy free" which is the coolest. I am never nervous about my food choices when I eat at Cedars. With the gross mall environment, I was even able to pack this up, take it home, and eat on a normal person plate without listening to the conversations of teenage girls or screaming children. Keep being awesome, guys.Review 34/30 of Yelp's 30 day Challenge 2012
<review# 573,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2012,4/2/2013,52,169,,7,2>Review #2 of Yelp's 30 Day November ChallengeI've been to the Talisman a few times now to work out and went again last night. They had a problem with their system so all admission was free so that's was a nice surprise. Pro's:Lots of variety at the facility, weight room, cardio area, gyms, pools, hot tubs, track, exercise class rooms etc. Lots of space in locker rooms, you can also save $1 and bring your own lockDrop in for $10 or membership availableExercise classes are included in membershipBooster Juice on siteLarge parking lotsLots of cardio machines have tv and cableCon's:Can get crowdedLocation is a little difficult to get to coming from the south, there's only 1 way in and there can be trafficLots of kids in pool areaSome areas like swimming lanes and track can be booked by groups so there's not a lot of time open to the publicIf it were more easy to access and was a little less crowded I might get a membership here.  But coming from Glenmore to Macleod can get busy because of rush hour and make it kind of a pain.
<review# 574,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2012,4/1/2013,266,478,5,5,6>When one grows out of their snobby hipster phase, they spend their time away from researching obscure music websites and following music trends before they even become trendy. And with CBC Radio 3's disappointing revamp due to cuts to their funding, I'm left with having to listen to an Ipod that hasn't been updated in over a year.OVER A MOTHER@#$*@# YEAR.So after getting sick of it I turned to radio. I never paid much attention to CJSW, until I went on a date with one of their HOT hosts (whatever I'll brag about that shit in a YELP review) and since then I've left it in my car and on any radio within my reach.I really enjoy the variety of CJSW. For a Non-profit organization they bring more entertainment value than any radio station of reach. Whatever happened to Vibe? The INTERNETS happened to Vibe. Anyways I love starting my drives having thrown mid-song into a track I've never heard of. Most days CJSW throws a song in that catches or enhances my perfect mood:Bossa Nova on a Thursday afternoon when I'm having a killer day? Yes pleaseUnderground Hip-hop hardcore anger on a Tuesday morning when I'm questioning WHY I HAVE TO GO TO WORK? Fuck the systemRomping house music too keep me away after I came from the club? Eases the pain of rejection and makes that after-bar falafel EXTRA good.Furthermore, they are eager to support various arts communities. They've helped promote several events for people in my circles in the past and I'm glad they continue to make a significant impact in bringing everyone together.+100 points on Sunday Mornings. They have RADIO FILIPINO!Yelp's 30 Day Challenge 30/30
<review# 575,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2012,3/31/2013,62,103,8,3,4>Came for lunch.Massive line.Wanted pizza. Hungry. Hungry. Starving. Give me a pizza with chicken on it. Buffalo chicken.Buffalo chicken pizza? Home run, Coco. You don't need to sleep on the couch tonight.Went back to table.Friends' pizzas hadn't arrived. Hungry. Hungrier. Hungriest. Screw you, friends. Stomach wins. Don't care about social etiquette. No, won't share. Yes, will eat in front of you. Puppy dog eyes will only earn you my callous laughter. Stuff in face. Stuff in face. Stuff in face. Wipe chin. Consumed at the speed of light. Barely touched taste buds - swallowed before chewing. Remember slight spice. Remember chicken. Remember tasty crust. Should have got two. Grown man. Calories be damned. Should have got two but didn't. Tried to pacify hunger by reading pamphlet. Life advice. Don't need life advice. Can't eat life advice. Want pizza. Try to eat life advice. Papery, unsatisfying.Debate second pizza. Friends finish theirs. Refuse to share. Karma, you are cruel. Friends want to leave. I want to pizza. Friends drove. Friends win.Now hungry again. No pizza in house. Sad. Sadder. Saddest.
<review# 576,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2013,3/30/2013,68,46,3,5,2>We are fans of Back in the Pack. More importantly, our pups LOVE IT there! If they could talk, they would have many stories of fun & hijinx with their buddies to share with us.Brian, Janice & their staff are true dog lovers. You can tell that as soon as you meet them.  Our Sadie girl was a bit of a chicken when we first got her - shying away from other dogs & sometimes people as well. She took to Back in the Pack immediately & watching her be so confident about exploring & being around other dogs (& people) was a fabulous moment for us.Their facility is clean & well kept up. As owners, it is reassuring to know that all the dogs are screened to make sure that it is an environment that will work for them and the other dogs at the daycare. (We worry as much about the safety & comfort of our furbabies as we do our human ones.) We have never had a moment of worry or hesitation.Bonus is taking home a tired dog! :) You know they have played hard and had a great time when they crash hard when they get home.Also, they are fantastic at posting photos! Make sure to check out their Facebook page & Flickr account. Odds are you'll find some great ones of your dog.
<review# 577,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/20/2012,3/29/2013,32,203,3,4,3>Chocoholics unite! I came here to redeem my free chocolate bar coupon I got from a Yelp event and to pick up some last minute goodies for Christmas. I was surprised on how big this place was! It was filled with all different varieties of chocolate and if I had less self-control I would have bought so much more!Want to know the best part? Getting chocolate samples with my purchase! Yum!
<review# 578,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2013,3/28/2013,40,48,4,9,5>I feel like we forget about the Glenbow museum all the time and don't take advantage of it enough. Sure its no MOMA or anything like The Met, but its really not that bad. They have so many feature exhibits that come to Calgary that are worth seeing! My boyfriend and I have gone at least twice in the past year to see two exhibits featuring some inspirational photographers and we were both pleased with the collection of photos they featured. So keep your eyes and ears peeled for the next exhibit in town. Could be worth seeing.
<review# 579,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2013,3/27/2013,67,339,2,4,3>Working downtown, I sometimes find it hard to find something "to go" that isnt a chain/fast food. It's food court or sit down fancy.Enter Submission. Conveniently located in the plus 15 level of the Watermark building, it is a grab and go, with real, fresh food (mostly subs).But these aren't Jared Subway subs....First, the bread is freshly made...still warm even!. And not the "I threw a frozen loaf in the oven" kind you get at the chains. There are a variety of beautiful, creative options too like salami bread, olive bread, tomato and cheese breads. They are awesome to look at and I image they all taste great. I chose the multigrain (trying to be healthy). It was flavourful and crusty...like mom would make (if she baked bread) They have a variety of fillings and veggie toppings, assembled in a line format. I like that they have some toppings you wouldn't normally find too like sprouts.Even if you are new to Submission, it is easy to figure out how the ordering process works. They have it down to a science so if there is a line it moves fast.They also have great sides like soup, cookies, veggies and dip (choice of dip!) and their prices are awesome. You can get a half sub for under $5 and it is more than enough, even without a side.Service... efficient but friendly. They also take credit cards and debit which some little places don't (which can be a barrier for me sometimes). There is a small seating area as well.I'll be back!
<review# 580,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2013,3/26/2013,0,13,2,3,3>This place was fantastic. The price was great. Went for lunch and had the lunch special. Excellent fried rice, ginger beef, wonton soup and dumplings. The dumplings are hand rolled and some of the best I've ever had. Also had some sweet and spicy soup and it was fantastic.The service was really fast and the staff were very kind and helpful. I highly suggest this place. It fills up fast so get there early!
<review# 581,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2013,3/25/2013,75,130,2,6,3>I had heard many times this is the best place for sushi in Calgary but my trip had been delayed since every time I made an attempt, it was closed for a holiday or other reasons.So, today, without warning, I quickly drove on my lunch hour to Wa's at the corner of 17th Av NW and Centre St N, one small block north of 16th Av NW (AB 1) and Centre St N.As may have been previously mentioned, the parking lot, she is almost non-existent with a 7-8 space parking lot but luckily, 17th Av NW has street parking of the 2 hour variety.Once I parked, I entered through 2 doors to the main eating area. It's a small, cozy, reasonably quiet, and friendly sort of establishment. I was greeted very quickly though the waiter did not bother to rattle off the days specials but he saw me eyeing that as I walked in so he was smart enough not to repeat/rehash that.I chose to go with the 6 piece Stampeder Roll with ebi shrimp, avocado, and other assorted fish, a 4 piece version of the House Roll instead of the 8 piece which has tuna, imitation crabmeat, masago on the outside. I finished that off with a Spicy Tuna handroll or cone (pick your verbage). The best Spicy Tuna cone ever.. ever, nice spice and flavour.Good choice for a first-time at this establishment.It is a little pricy for the quantity but the quality is very high. You don't leave feeling empty or non-satisfied.So far, the only sushi place that comes close in quality but it is about 25% cheaper is Towa Sushi on 4th St SW.This is definitely the premier sushi establishment in Calgary at this time; I would highly recommend this for a 1st or 2nd date.My next trip will be more costly as I want to try some of their sashimi. I saw the customer behind me's stash of sashimi and it look simply divine.It is one hour later and I can still taste my prize. Hmmmmmmmmmmm.
<review# 582,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2013,3/24/2013,63,47,3,4,4>I came to Grato for a work party sort of thing and I've honestly never had Jamaican food before, so my expectations coming here were relatively low. And I may not know my Jamaican food but I know food in general and the food here was delicious. As a group, we were able to have a buffet type of dining which was great because that gave everyone the opportunity to try all sorts of different dishes.I managed to try a lot of things such as the Jerk Chicken and the Curry Chicken, both which equally cooked to perfection with tons of flavour to it. Also had side dishes such as rice, beans, veggies and plantains which were all very fresh and I guess I was either really hungry or really enjoyed it because I practically licked my plate off!This place definitely deserves a 4.5 for the food, and the staff was very friendly, played great music for our group. Don't expect high end furniture and decor because that's just not how they do it, and that's cool with me. I want to come back and definitely try the Ox Tail.
<review# 583,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2012,3/23/2013,157,283,7,9,7>Review #7 of Yelp's 30 Day Challenge 2012I have to admit I was surprised to see this store move in and replace the prior Lollipop (consignment store) with a high school across the street...church down the road and smack dab in the middle of a residential neighbourhood.It's been open for awhile now and so curiosity finally got the better of me.  I made a quick stop in the other day to check it out and pick up some incense.Right away I noticed several hemp related products such as some t-shirts/clothing, incense, lots of glassware, tobacco products and other interesting looking items I do not know much about.  Loved their incense selection and ended up leaving with 4 packages.  Chandel was quite helpful.This store has a strict 18+ policy and they ensure everyone knows (signage on the door, etc.).  I was hoping to be asked for ID but no such luck this time!This store is a hemp lovers dream.  As for me...I am happy to be able to stop in and pick up incense when needed :).
<review# 584,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2012,3/22/2013,67,141,2,4,3>Oddly enough, I hadn't heard of Booker's before a friend messaged me to come check out his blues band at the crab shack.   We came here on a Friday around 830, and the restaurant was less than half full. We had a couple of pints and also indulged in some eats. I had a pulled pork sandwich with a garden salad, my friend had the blackened cat fish. The catfish was the cats ass - really moist and a lot of spice. My pulled pork sandwich was nice too, a generous portion of juicy pulled pork with some slaw on a kaiser bun, topped with a deep fried dill pickle. The food wasn't anything I was raving about but it was good.What we came here for was the music, and as a music venue, this place is aces. It has a similar feel to the iron wood, but a better layout and more space. There was a good dance space, and I took advantage of that! I actually wish this was a more happening place and that more people came out here, I would like to spend more time here hanging with friends and listening to bands. Really great for that. Review #3 of Yelp's 30 Day Challenge 2012
<review# 585,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2012,3/21/2013,7,44,,5,4>So I've been going to this place quite regularly now and it's been impressive every time! The quality is consistent, ingredients are always fresh and the folks are always friendly! Another thing I find amazing about it is how different their paninis are. Every panini has a completely different feel to it and they are all really good, even the vegetarian stuff! :-P The yam is to die for! Gotta tell you, there's nothing better than to kick-off your Saturday morning with a delicious panini from Holy Grill! I'm lucky I live nearby.Don't forget they do catering as well. No matter how big your group is or how busy they are, they will take care of you!
<review# 586,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2013,3/20/2013,5,69,1,3,3>Ohhh nuthin' like the smell of vinyl in the morning(afternoon,evening). This place is pretty much my ultimate fave find! When I lived mere blocks from it, was heaven. Now, I go out of my way, to make a special visit. If you're old skool, like me, in my opinion you must go!The entire layout is impressive. They do wonders with the space they have. Love how everything is labelled in music genre sections. You could literally(and I have) spend hours in here. Never knowing where the time went. But it's well spent! They even have a tiny section of newer/local music. The prices are pretty good too. Unlike some other places that seem to like jacking up the cost. Sometimes they even have super sales/blowouts too!If you're interested, you can also bring in your own CD's/Vinyl to trade. Which is great for me, since I like to discover/rotate my tunes often. And, as if that wasn't enough, they carry movie's too! Oh wait...there's more lol. They of coarse carry a selection of new/used turntables. Even the kewl USB ones(to hook up to computers).Staff has always been helpful & informative. Honestly, there isn't a better place in Calgary to hang if you're musically obsessed like me. Check it...check it check it out ooooh ya!
<review# 587,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2012,3/19/2013,36,37,,5,3>Small, and cute space! Had to wait ~45 mins for a table but the Dairy Lane gang gave us coffee (Fratello coffee, which is so delicious I pounded 8 cups of it in the total of 3 hours that I was there) and a place to sit in their waiting-hallway in the back. The wait was super interesting too 'cause they have pictures and bios of some of their suppliers there. They were getting a shipment of pork that morning and I had to do a double take because the dude lugging the pork in was the same farmer on one of their posters. To know that Dairy Lane Cafe has that kind of close relationship with their suppliers is amazing!The food is amazing too, I ate the "Triple Double" which had a little bit of everything: bacon, sausage, ham, eggs, and potatoes. I was stuffed and the prices are super reasonable. Can't wait to go back
<review# 588,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2012,3/18/2013,10,36,,3,3>Went to the Vendome because when we walked by on the way to the Greek restaurant yesterday I saw they had all day "Breakfast/Brunch".  Inside it's a quaint little coffee shop type atmosphere.  I loved the mochas (tasted like really velvety luxurious hot chocolate with espresso!).I had the French Toast w/Caramelized Bananas and a side of bacon, and the man had a Fritata which came in a cute little baby cast iron skillet.  We loved everything, and will be back for more.I felt the prices were average for the quality of food provided.You should check these guys out.
<review# 589,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2012,3/17/2013,2,14,3,4,3>I've been to Bolsa about three times now and it's always a fun experience. The food is decent Vietnamese fare, great spring rolls, good curries, and tasty Pho. The Pho is all about the broth and these guys do it well, all the food I've tried here is very good and I would say is on the better end of almost any Vietnamese you'll find in the city. One of the nice things about this restaurant is they make their own sauces, so the hoisin and the sambal is all homemade and that makes the difference.What makes the dining experience here that much better than some others in this category is the owners, they really take pride in their food and it shows. They walk around engaging the tables, in a nice way, and always asking if you like the food "spicy", then the big smile. You can tell there are plenty of regulars and repeat customers and that's always a good sign. But even if it's your first visit, they are so welcoming that you feel like you've been there before, but just been away for a while. This place is a must!
<review# 590,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2012,3/16/2013,19,49,,6,2>Market 17 is a real surprise. There is such a wide variety of products with everything a Yuppie could dream of eating. Vegetarians will be in their glory at the selection. Love organics? You've got them here.The coffee bar associated with it, Vie, also makes your shopping experience a real pleasure. Even carnivores are not forgotten.The prices reflect the demographics of a smaller market but with these prices comes fine quality. It was an unexpected surprise.
<review# 591,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2013,3/15/2013,41,412,,5,4>Is it possible to give 6 stars to a restaurant??...THIS PLACE IS JUST AWESOME!!!.. Everything was just delicious!!.. Starting with the incredible Amuse Bouche until the desserts!!.. That for me were the best part of the dinner!!.. They were incredible!!.. I had the tequila mousse and the presentation was spectacular but the taste was better!!.. My main dish was great too, and the drinks were the best I have had in a while.. Even when I am a wine person, and normally I just drink wine, I decided to try the cocktails, because they looked great, and I think was the best decision ever!!.. The margaritas are delicious!!.. I want to go back there tomorrow if possible!!.. This restaurant will be top 10 of Calgary soon!!
<review# 592,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2013,3/14/2013,20,57,,3,2>I went with a group of four on a Sunday at 1PM. Probably the worst time to go, especially in the winter, when there is limited space to wait inside. Our wait was about 30-45 minutes (inside and outside, so not too bad). Even if the wait ended up being an hour, I think I would have been okay with it, since the staff were so accommodating. They even made a couple move to a smaller table to fit us in a table of four sooner (the couple did not have their food yet and thus agreed). Very much appreciated. It's like when there's a huge line at a grocery store with only one till open and a cashier miraculously comes up to open another counter. It's so great it's on the Book of Awesome.Anyway, I digress. I ordered the steak topped with eggs and hollandaise sauce. It came with hashbrowns and fruit on the side. It was very good, except I wish our server would have asked how I wanted my steak (medium, but it was served medium-rare, more on the rare side). I didn't even notice she hadn't asked it until I started eating. So I suppose that was partially my fault. As mentioned by the other reviews, the space is very small. While the chairs look nice, they're not very comfy (I'm talking about the tall white bar stools). A friend of mine even complained they weren't big enough for her bottom. There's not a lot of space to put coats and purses either.Overall, it's a nice, cozy place to have brunch. If I ever go back (and I only say "if" because I don't live in Calgary anymore), I would probably try the smoked salmon benedict, which looks and sounds amazing - and - which was what I wanted in the first place.
<review# 593,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2013,3/13/2013,165,224,5,6,4>Yeah, I end up here all too often it seems. BUT, I gotta let you Yelpers in on this.. Holy MOCHA deliciousness! Part coffee, part Epiphanie chocolate, ALL AWESOME. It was like sipping on warm velvety smooth chocolate, with the familiarity of coffee, but a surprising touch of seductive cinnamon. You want a GOOD cup of mocha or hot chocolate that will make you stop in your tracks, and forget the world for a moment? This is it.
<review# 594,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2012,3/12/2013,95,304,3,5,3>Review #12 of Yelp's 30 Day Challenge 2012Wendy told me that if you like pig, this is your place. Very true! With a changing menu, I believe you'll always be able to discover a new flavour/style of the meat every time you visit here. I'm glad to have also tired the beet salad while I was here, and I really love their use of Arugula in so many of their dishes! I love arugula. The goat cheese on the beet salad is not as strong as you'd expect from how other goat cheeses are like. It's very mild with a very pleasant and subtle tangy flavour of goat cheese. I really enjoyed it, though I don't normally favour goat cheese! And the variety of beets were also delicious and lightly seasoned. Definitely recommend!I tried the pork belly meat board. I have never been there and didn't really know what to expect, I've only ever had pork belly cooked, and usually at Japanese restaurants. Though it wasn't exactly what I expected, and didn't taste much like the pork belly I have been used to, it was really good! I loved the crostini it was served with, it had a slightly garlic/Parmesan flavour and was fresh and toasted. And we were spoiled with an amazing dessert selection. Crab apple crisp! What a great way to use crab apples. It was amazing. Not too sweet (which I like) and the texture contrasted with the crispiness of the pastry. So overall, everything was great and I'm excited to go again! Plus the service was amazing. Half filled glasses and 1/4 filled glasses were quickly replaced with refills. I believe it's meant to be a leisurely meal, shared over drinks and talks, so go with lots of time and lots of room in your belly :)
<review# 595,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2012,3/11/2013,92,68,5,5,5>I recently went here with my co~workers for our night staff Christmas dinner.  We had a reservation for 5:30, but in usual fashion my co~workers all rolled in over an hour or  so later.  The staff was very patient with us.  They were extremely friendly(one even got hugs from us when we left) and attentive.  We didn't have to ask for anything... they were at our table frequently keeping drinks topped up and food fresh.  The food was good!    We split several appetizers between a bunch of us.  I tried the duck poutine, the butternut squash risotto and the crispy squid.  It was all so good!  I don't like seafood and refuse to try calamari, but I gave the squid a try and it was really good!  I loved the tomato eggplant dipping sauce that came with it.  I ordered the stuffed chicken breast and veggies.  It was very tasty!  For dessert I went with the peppermint mocha cheesecake and it was ever so heavenly!  They closed the kitchen at 9pm.. or so they told us that's when it closes when we asked, but let us sit there, drink and chat until after 11 pm.  They weren't really busy with it being a cold Tuesday evening.  They had one large party and another group our size there.  We stayed as long as the large party stayed.  The staff never asked us to leave although I am sure they wanted to close and go home, but we saw no sign of that.  It's a nice place decor wise.  Nothing super fancy, but nice.  We took a bunch of pictures that the staff helped out with too.  This was our second work function there and I would definitely go again!
<review# 596,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2012,3/10/2013,22,201,2,4,3>This is a very nice vegetarian buffet with LOTS of options for a very reasonable price. Nothing on the menuis too fancy but it's all very good.   I wouldn't consider it my favorite Indian food but it's a very good one to go to when I'm very hungry and am seeking variety.  It is still food produced on mass which would make it hard to compete with some of my favorite al a carte dishes elsewhere.Food is very authentic - you can tell by the crowd.  I wouldn't consider it very spicy though.  Buffet at the time of review is $9.99 pp all you can eat.  It includes salad bar and pizza so it's not completely Indian but has a very large focus on Indian food.
<review# 597,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/24/2012,3/9/2013,45,109,4,6,2>A true hole in the wall. At the time I visited, there were no chairs and no tables, and some children running around. Just an empty room with a kitchen at the back. It looks like a front for a drug op, but I can't tell. I would recommend ordering to take out, or you can sit on the floor and eat. The food itself is amazing. Pretty authentic mexican. The dishes are pretty simple, with minimal ingredients, but everything looks and tastes fresh. Everything seems to be cooked fresh, with very little prepped in advance, which leads me to the service...If you don't mind waiting for your meal, check it out. Unfortunately, only 1-2 people work there, and it takes forever for your food to be ready. Aside from the aesthetics of the place, I'm afraid the slow service will scare people off and Rico's won't last long. But I hope this isn't the case, and they do really well.I'll be a regular visitor, but only when I'm not in a rush.
<review# 598,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2012,3/8/2013,47,68,3,8,4>Why did the chicken cross the road? To buy a shawarma from Jimmy's on 4th street!One of the things that makes this second location different than the original Jimmy's A&A Deli nearby SAIT is that its not as busy except during lunch time! I'm not complaining though. People come here for the experience and reputation that Jimmy and his family created over the years and I think we're really lucky to have their restaurants in our city. This location has plenty of seating and everyone that works here has worked at the main location so its just a wonderful extension that makes it easier for people in the South or anyone downtown to enjoy their food.Sometimes I just get that craving for a chicken shawarma from Jimmy's that I'll drive from wherever I am in the city just to get one. A shawarma from here is what I give myself as a reward for killing it after a day of working out or if I have time before volleyball, I'll drop by just to eat a little bit before my game to satisfy my craving and hunger... BUT CRAVING FIRST! hahahaYou know what I found really interesting? Half the people I knew at my last job (which was just minutes from 4th street) didn't even know this location existed... They'd actually drive all the way to SAIT just to get one... crazyness I tell you!And bam! now you don't have to! Jimmy's A&A on 4th satisfy's cravings, your hunger and satisfies even your satisfaction! hahaI usually order the Combo, which is a half serving on chicken and a half serving of donair meat - DE.LI.CIOUS! its just a perfect mix of meat! its like almost 2am and I'm making myself crave this stuff now. geez. Lately though, I've been getting just the chicken shawarma *sigh* my favourite; the original in my books :)Get what you want. Get a felafel "wrap", add some baklava to your order, grab a drink of their convenience store selection of pop and soda!You can't go wrong with a chicken shawarma from jimmy's on 4th :)
<review# 599,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2012,3/7/2013,83,568,3,6,3>Overall, Stage West has offered the best dinner theatre experiences I've had in Calgary.  The evening and weekend tickets are pricy but the food is excellent and they do bring in veteran actors.  The most recent production I saw was very adult and not a musical, which was a nice change.My recommendation is to attend Sunday brunch.  The price is much more reasonable and some of the breakfast food is absolutely stellar, like the french toast and everything at the scrambled eggs station.   I think this is a fantastic outing for small groups.Review 29 for Yelp's 30 Day Challenge - Nov 2012
<review# 600,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2013,3/6/2013,14,65,,3,3>Amazing! I met a friend for dinner at Cucina one evening before the Christmas holidays. We arrived at 5:00 pm, so the servers were just finishing opening up the restaurant. The space is beautiful! They don't take reservations, but arriving at 5 pm we had no trouble being seated immediately. I had the feature beef short rib risotto and my friend ordered the porchetta. Both were fantastic. The risotto was very rich, and I ended up taking almost half of it home, making for a delicious lunch the following day. The food is on the more expensive side, but for a nice date or night out with the girls, I think the price is totally justified by both the quality and the quantity. I would like to return during the day to check our the coffee and breakfast!
<review# 601,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2013,3/5/2013,13,73,3,4,3>The king of tubers!One of the few actual direct producers at the local farmer's markets, Lund's offers the very best carrots in the city (that didn't come from your own back-yard). Available in large or small bags, we tend to buy the "juicer" carrots. These are exactly the same as the more expensive ones, just a little less visually appealing or consistently sized. Kale, Viking potatoes, beets and parsnips are also great. Heck I'd even recommend the kohlrabi if I knew what to do with it (just jokes, shred or julienne it and add it to your salads and slaws).Only downside, is that they don't sell the purple or white carrots any longer. :-(
<review# 602,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/2/2012,3/4/2013,53,400,,5,2>I had a great little pre-movie snack at 80th & Ivy (not Goth & Ivy as I initially thought it was called) last weekend.  Their tapas and share plates are delish - I had the Duck 2 Ways and Stuffed Dates.  Yum!  I highly recommend :)My only comments for improvement - with the floor-to-ceiling windows at the front of the restaurant, it is a little chilly when you're sitting in that section.  But otherwise great atmosphere and music - the staff were all wonderful and very friendly.
<review# 603,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2013,3/3/2013,34,185,,3,2>We decided on BSB for dinner before the Flames game, our friends wanted to try somewhere we haven't been yet and my beer enthusiast boyfriend was up for it.My girlfriend and I arrived first, and were a bit confused - do we seat ourselves? It's a pub but there was a hostess stand (but no one was there). We asked a passing waitress and she said we could seat ourselves, so we settled ourselves into a booth near the door. Our waitress approached right away, food and drink menus in hand and told us the specials.My boyfriend and my girlfriend's hubby arrived shortly after, and our waitress was quick to get their drink orders and our food orders once everyone had a chance to look over the menus. The guys ordered the Buzzard's burger, I went with the Bill's style wings and my girlfriend got the Apple & Brie chicken sandwich.All the food arrived pretty quick, and it all looked delish. The burgers came on a pretzel bun, and I had a bite and the ground prime rib patty was moist and flavored really well. My wings were breaded and baked, but crispy as if they were deep fried! They were meaty and the sauce was savory - a unique teriyaki with a kick. I didn't get a chance to try the Apple & Brie chicken, but my girlfriend finished it off so I'm guess it was pretty good!This was a great first experience, there were some things on the menu I definitely want to try (bison burger and bacon wrapped meatloaf) so we'll be back.The only downside - they don't take debit for payment, there's a ATM but . . . that'll just cost ya
<review# 604,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/22/2012,3/2/2013,89,72,3,7,3>From the creators of ThaiTai comes a new dining experience!I am so excited that there is now a Vietnamese restaurant close to my work place! Those that follow allow with my Yelp reviews know that I LOVE a big warm bowl of pho! The true test of any excellent place that serves pho is to order the beef satay.When the bowl came to my table I was terribly excited from the aroma and color of the broth. It was really hearty stuff! I especially like that it had some fresh pieces of tomato and cucumber at the top, which is unusual for pho, but refreshing! The satay sauce was super flavourful without being over spicy.I like that the interior furniture is basically really nice outdoor patio chairs and tables.This has the stamp of approval from this pho lover!
<review# 605,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2013,3/1/2013,98,157,2,4,3>Clive's design is really their winning factor. Their menu is simple and easy to navigate, their interior is bright, friendly and inviting, their "mascots" and logos are cute and appealing and their model of sustainability is smart and inspiring. (That sentence sounds rather sing-songy, but maybe it's because Clive Burger inspires me to want to create children's programming for public broadcasting.)Clive Burger is not mind-blowing by any stretch of the imagination, but it is a solid burger place serving up tasty fries, shakes and of course, burgers.I got a double burger with cheddar and bacon, which set me back about $12, and which is a little steep when you consider that that's the price for the burger alone; fries and drinks are priced separately. But I don't mind paying a little extra for the local guy, and especially when you know that their whole concept is creating a burger shack with a healthy relationship with its suppliers, and an angle bent on reducing impact to the environment (their packaging products are all compostable). Besides, it is easy enough to share a shake ($5) and an order of small fries ($2.50) between you and your loved one (trust me, it's more than enough!). The shake was maybe my favorite part. The cherry flavor was bursting and the shake was creamily delicious. The fries were good, but as I said before, nothing mind-blowing. The bun was the best part of the burger and the meat was seasoned well. You can pick your own "fixins," although, cheese, bacon or an egg are extra.The biggest downside of the meal was maybe the greasiness. Don't get me wrong, I like m'grease as much as the next guy, but when picking up the burger, the bun seemed to get unnaturally greasy.At any rate, a solid burger! I will certainly be back, and I could definitely see myself bringing my future family down here for a treat every once in a while.
<review# 606,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2012,2/28/2013,27,72,2,5,3>You can tell that a lot of thought and effort has gone into Candela.  Everything from the decor, the chairs and the lighting to the menu's food and beverage options just seem to... fit together, in a way that doesn't mesh quite as well as at other places.  Our server was amazing and introduced us to the restaurant's concept as well as sharing his thoughts on which dishes were his favourite.The Tuna Ceviche wasn't exactly what I expected - rather than small pieces of cut up tuna, each slice of tuna was placed atop a square of watermelon.  This made an easy-to-share tapa that we all enjoyed.  One of the highlights was the Fennel - which was roasted and topped with goat cheese, pomegranate and orange making it an unusually delicious combination.  The Striped Bass, with crispy skin, was well seasoned and served with large saffron israeli couscous.  It was one our favourites, although it was a bit more awkward to share, because you had to cut the fish into pieces.  The Chicharron, Beets, and Bok Choy were also favourites at the table.Our only regret is that we didn't have room to try the many other tapas that look incredible.... Oh well, we'll have to be back another time!Review #5 of Yelp's 30 Day Challenge 2012
<review# 607,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2013,2/27/2013,35,291,2,3,1>You might not know it from the other reviews, but this is really four types of stores rolled into one.  Clearly, their most popular aspect is the donair/shwarma prep.  For Haligonians missing their sweet sauce donairs, this is THE place to go. The only shortcoming is that the meat is in a warming tray rather than shaved off a spinning hunk o' meat when ordered (like the shwarma), but on the plus side you get lettuce, and the portions are generous.  I would only suggest getting a large if you're returning from an Antarctic expedition and ran out if supplies half way through.  I would also stay away from them all together if you plan on going on a date in the next couple of days, unless your potential partner is turned on by the garlicky miasma you and your vehicle will inevitably exude.  Another caveat is that it can take a while to get your meal during peak hours, but on plus side they provide amusing reading materials while you stand around and wait.As I alluded to earlier, there are other aspects to the store as well.  A sizeable selection of cold prepared middle eastern foods such as kubbi balls are available to go, as well as an array of baklavas, and various cheeses and olives in bulk.  An assortment of Arabic dry goods can be purchased too, such as sheesha supplies, pomegranate molasses, sumac seasoning, etc.. In the summer, an ice cream parlor is in full force, and you can sit at the few tables out on the sidewalk, or in the upstairs seating area.  As a converted house, the whole experience is somewhat cramped, the atmosphere slightly ghetto, but most importantly the food very delicious.
<review# 608,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2013,2/25/2013,14,13,2,6,6>I normally don't feel comfortable writing a review about a restaurant after one meal but i feel compelled to write about my experience at Mango Shiva because, for the most part, it was pretty great.I have seen this restaurant's name appear on Yelp a number of times, i bookmarked it as a place to try not knowing what to expect, and on a whim decided this to be the venue for a very special occasion. After hearing claims of how Mango Shiva offered South Asian comfort foods with a fusion, upscale twist, I thought it might be a welcome change for two individuals who are accustomed to classic South Asian hole-in-the-wall take out joints. That being said, nothing i read or heard prepared me for my experience at Mango Shiva.The first point of contact for me and Mango Shiva was Yelp and their OpenTable integration for reserving a table. This service immediately earns kudos as any initiative to make the dining experience more accessible and easier for customers through the incorporation of technology and media is a huge plus (and in the world of South Asian fine-dining--simply an unheard of practice). So, +1 for that.Next, our arrival at the restaurant. We arrived a few minutes before our reservation on a Monday night at 6:00 and the restaurant was dead so we were seated immediately. The interior is quite elegant: chandeliers, hardwood, and touches of darker tones everywhere. The ambiance inside is remarkably intimate for an open but small space which makes it even more appealing to couples looking for a special spot to dine. Promptly after being seated the waiter arrived, a really nice young man who, though he might have been new, tried best to describe and sell the menu to us new guests. I am definitely no expert when it comes to South Asian cuisine but i am lucky to be the partner of someone who is. Fortunately for me, she navigated the menu very easily; saving the waiter from looking any more confused than he actually was (i will cut him some slack though, i don't think he got over the shock of a brown person, myself, asking him, a caucasian man, to describe certain South Asian staples that almost all  brown people grow up eating..except for myself of course lol). We ordered the Fish Pakoras, Eggplant Curry, and the Spicy Thai rice and wow, what flavour! The naan, soft, moist, and delicious. The Eggplant Curry, sumptuous. The Thai-Infused Shrimp and Rice, just excellent; a great pairing of savoury and subtle sweetness. The chef and kitchen staff have a clear standard for excellence and all the spices and flavours were off the charts. I have been eating brown food my entire life and their unique compositions of South Asian foods definitely made for a dining experience to remember!The only unfortunate thing about the entire meal were the portion sizes. I guess in adapting modern, Western forms, the one aspect of South Asian cuisine that was lost in the fusion were the portions. Everything being designed to be single-serve or satiable for one person can leave a South Asian like myself a feeling a little disappointed upon the arrival of the bill and that unsavoury aftertaste can be enough to deter the typical brown gourmand from returning (although that crowd wouldn't even make the trip downtown to satisfy their appetite in the first place). With that being said, the service was great and the meal was excellent. I can still taste the flavours and am already looking forward to my next trip.If you are looking for a location that is bound to culminate in a great meal with unexpected conversations, be it from the decor, ambiance, or the exotic, inspired South Asian food itself, Mango Shiva should be on your list of places to dine in Calgary.
<review# 609,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2013,2/24/2013,78,111,1,3,3>This little Mom & Pop restaurant, which looks like a fast-food burger joint, is truly a mecca of deliciousness. I'd never had Bangladeshi food before Sabz organized a UYE here, but from the moment she mentioned it was 'like Indian food' I was sure I'd enjoy myself. And oh boy, did I ever. Everything was wonderfully prepared - hot,  mildly spicy, and nicely fluffy, crispy or melt-in-your-mouth tender depending on whether or not it should be. We tried lentil pastries, chicken korma and what was probably beef bhuna, bhaji (potatoes & cauliflower), Niramish (mixed veg) & Bagun (eggplant), as well two types of pilaf (known as Pulaw). The korma and bhaji were definitely the best dishes to me - they had more complex (and delicious) blends of flavours over the other dishes and were cooked to perfection!  We also had Firni, a rice pudding dessert, which was the first rice pudding I've actually enjoyed in my life - it was sweet, cold, and had a great texture, vs. being the typical grey mush I've been subjected to at other places. The place was spartan but very clean, the staff attentive, and the price ridiculously good ($14 each plus tax and tip).Not quiet sure HOW I'll get back here (International Ave isn't very accessible w/o a car) but I'm DEFINITELY going  back - it was such a great experience!
<review# 610,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2013,2/23/2013,9,12,,5,2>Yamato's is located on center street, just off of 16th ave. It is a cozy little cafe with serves cakes, coffee, and other little bakery sweets. It is a bit cramped and cluttered inside, but has room for you to sit down and enjoy their cake pieces. It is relatively quiet.Apart from that, the cakes I've had here are extremely satisfying. About 4/5 years ago, I bought a tiramisu cake from them for my dad's birthday. It was delicious. They have a very unique style of baking. They tend to have more of a Japaneses style cheese/mousse cake. The cakes are always full of flavour with just the right touch of sweetness.  I am not a fan of your typical Co-op, Safeway, or Superstore cakes because I find them extremely sweet. Recently, my friend bought me a huge durian cake from them, and it was honestly to die for. I also recently bought the same tiramisu cake from them for my dad's birthday and it was definitely satisfying.Overall, I'd have to say this is one of my favourite place for cake. It always hits the spot! Love it!
<review# 611,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2012,2/22/2013,85,210,5,5,5>I really like Highlander - it's a great spot to pick up your wine and spirits. This location is actually a good size, despite being in a strip mall. They've got it very well laid out, in my opinion. There are always sales going on - especially on wine. I like browsing the wine every time I go in.Tonnes of parking in this strip mall and it's easily accessible from Richmond Rd (although it's a bit awkward to get back out since they made the first turn-off one-way only, but I do think it works better now). The employees are really friendly and knowledgeable. And they have some sort of points/discount system based on your phone number - I'm not exactly sure how it works but if it gets me a few bucks off here and there, I'm okay with that!Review #30 of Yelp's 30 Day Challenge 2012
<review# 612,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2012,2/21/2013,10,49,3,3,2>I'm giving Bake Chef 4 stars because they're always there when I need them. They are a reliable place on campus to get a truly decent vietnamese sub, cookie or other baked good. The staff are always friendly and the service is pretty fast, even when 30 people are in line for a sub.I used to work in an office on campus so close to Bake Chef, I'd find myself there at least 3 times a week. It actually got to a point where the staff started calling me "Cheese Croissant", and I would have $1.50 in exact change for them for my regular order. Simultaneously comforting, and embarrassing.If you're in Mac Hall and need a bite, Bake Chef is one of the better choices.Yelp 30 day challenge 6/30
<review# 613,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2012,2/20/2013,25,76,3,7,3>I'm biased as I LOVE Italian food. Seriously, who doesn't love a saucy carb? I have now been to Borgo twice and I was quite happy on both occasions. Last week I went with a couple best friends as we needed a night out to talk about wine, food, work, babies and boyfriends. You know-"random gossip fodder stuff".  After putting our name on a waitlist for one hour (ouch) we then ran next door to cricketsville The Met for a bottle of wine.  Fast forward one hour...We' re seated ate one of the communal tables and I remember how much I like the open, loud, social atmosphere of this place. 100% not pretentious which is refreshing. Of course we are now starved and dying for more wine-so we deal with ordering wine QUICKLY. We also then decide to order the chefs special where they basically take the guess work out of ordering (we were to hungry to agree on food) by bring three courses of their suggestions. Bring it on. The appy course was their risotto balls,a shrimp thing and a crostini thing. I like how doing it this way they bring four of everything so there is no cat fighting. Well done on the attention to detail Borgo. The risotto balls were so delicious and creamy inside-damn it, now I wish they brought eight of everything. Step two: 99lbs of penne pasta on a massive plate (cue a mixture of face drops and excitement). Seriously, enough pasta to feed 8 people a meal. But remember, we're drunk (another bottle has been ordered) and were hungry. The pasta was amazing..a tasty Bolognese sauce, peas, plentiful al dente penne.. A wonderful second course.Onto the finale: four servings of salmon cooked deliciously, fresh crispy green beans covered in something buttery and yummy, and the most amazing meatballs served in a bowl of polenta (outta control!!). Not gonna lie-by this point were quite full and pleasantly plumped! Overall, a really awesome way to go when in a group and more interested in great chatting and not thinking about what to order. They did this tasting very well!Service was really great, we were never rushed knowing how busy the place is, and the food (and wine choices) are pretty fantastic. I highly recommend. The price point is also quite "market friendly" for the great service and quality....I need to go back for just the risotto balls-many of them.
<review# 614,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2012,2/19/2013,40,81,14,13,9>Yo Yelper's I present to you...The Lazy Girl's Guide to Dinner1. Call Mirchi, order combo meal (I highly recommend butter chicken and veg curry - $15)2. Add side of naan ($1.50)3. Open wine, allow it to breathe...ok ok..have pre-dinner drink4. Put on coat, walk 1.5 blocks5. Pick up food, rejoice at price/food ratio6. Walk home, pour second glass of wine7. Discover salad packed in order, price/food ratio even more favorable8. Eat amazing dinner9. Marvel at amount of leftovers, future self rejoices upcoming delicious meals!10. Finish bottle of wine Boo-ya!!!
<review# 615,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/24/2012,2/18/2013,115,261,2,3,3>Such a weird layout here! I had never been but heard many great things about it, and when Sabahat suggested a UYE here, I was stoked! Once we found the actual restaurant (slightly confusing, as it shares a space with a theatre and also has a lounge side), we were seated at our table and quickly got to ordering! Our group shared a number of delicious items, such as the seafood miso soup (SOOO good!), yam fries, edamame, yam roll, spicy salmon roll, ahi tuna, gyoza, and probably a few other things I cant remember! Everything tasted awesome. The portions were a tad small, which is why I think we felt the need to order so much, but I was really impressed. Our waitress was busy but we were having a lot of fun and didn't notice (plus the food seemed to come out quickly), but she made a point to apologize for it later. Such a good time, I will definitely be back! Mmmm I'm getting hungry again just thinking about it....delish!
<review# 616,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/6/2012,2/17/2013,47,97,,5,3>Review #7 of Yelp's 30 Day Challenge 2012.Food: 3.5/5Atmosphere: 3/5Service: 3/5Overall experience: 3/5(1- Terrible; 3- decent; 5- Fantastic)The Tropical Delight Noodle House is a mom and pops restaurant serving up traditional Malaysian food. It is fairly small with about 8 or so tables to one side and a large open area for takeout near the door. The decor could definitely use an upgrade; it reminded me of an old cafeteria. The servers were friendly and offered to answer any questions about the menu.I would have never known about this place until my Malaysian friend mentioned it on a post online. She suggested trying their specialty, the "Spicy Laksa Soup" with shrimp, tofu, egg, fish balls, and rice vermicelli ($7.50). The dish is a good individual size. The soup was tasty ...the combination of heavy amounts of chili oil and coconut milk was unique, but I've had better spicy soups elsewhere. For the price and quality though, it will hit the spot if you're craving spicy noodles. If you can only handle mild spice, then this dish might be too spicy for you.I also ordered the "Nasi Lemak" ($8.99) with coconut rice, anchovies, hard boiled eggs, sliced cucumber, Sambal Nanas (pineapple chili paste), and a choice of meat. I chose the Malaysian Beef Rending (other options were: black pepper beef, curry beef/chicken, sweet and sour pork, ginger beef, or satay chicken/beef). The Nasi Lemak is true home cooking. It was like something my mom would make for me on the weekend. There was a neat pile of lightly flavoured rice with a scoop of super tender braised meat. The flavour is quite hard to describe, but it was mild, with hints of coconut milk, ginger, and warm spices typically found in Asian/Indian cooking. The texture of the dish is similar to a thick stew (not like a watery curry). The rest of their menu was minimal with other items like beef subs (~$6); spring rolls; tom yam or wonton soup ($7.50); and roti chanai with curry beef/chicken (~$9).Overall, if you're looking for cheap home cooking or want to try new ethnic foods in the NE,, I recommend Tropical Delight Noodle House. The food was good but not really memorable. My friend on the other hand who is from Malaysia said the restaurant had the best Malaysian food in Calgary which I can't vouch for.
<review# 617,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2013,2/16/2013,59,52,2,2,2>I am an addict!  I am addicted to coffee....better yet, I am addicted to P&S coffee!!  Mmmmm their latte is sooooooo delicious.  P&S makes coffee, I mean real coffee.  If you are a real coffee drinker, you would know what I mean.  They sure know how to make a good cup of coffee, it is not sour or not burnt, it is perfect.  Whenever I go to Chinook mall, I have to grab my P&S latte before I shop.  It has become my ritual.
<review# 618,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2012,2/15/2013,93,149,3,4,5>You like getting your teeth cleaned, drilled and prodded? No, but Dr. Schmidt and his lovely team will at least make it tolerable!I just went back for my 6-month check-up with good ol' Dr. Schmidt, I told him I was recently engaged. Then I realized, this man has been taking care of my teeth since I was 6 years old and he is amazing!He started to recount to me one of my first appointments where my younger sister was present and she refused to leave my side and had to operate the suction during my teeth cleaning.Anyways, I digress.They are great, plenty of parking, don't forget to get the 2 hour free ticket from the West Park machine. Clean, the hygienist is always bringing in a freshly sanitized metal container of dental equipment before each scrape and scale.There are pictures of men and women clearly from 91, grinning in the reception area, "you too can have white teeth," I feel they say to me with their eyes. They don't actually have these words printed on them.They will try to accommodate you if you are a new patient, but Dr. Schmidt is pretty booked up as a solo practicing dentist, you have to be a lifer like me to get in muhahahahha.But if you need a reco, I'll hook you up :)Review #1 of Yelp's 30 Day Challenge 2012
<review# 619,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/25/2013,2/14/2013,113,26,5,13,9>What a fun way to spend an afternoon!! Have always wanted to try archery and my first experience was everything I hoped for. All day rate of only $10 + $6 bow rental.Went with two others on a weekday, late afternoon. A couple of people were there when we arrived and got busier around the time people get off work. There's room for about 7 people so fills up pretty fast. I think they have more space upstairs and accommodate private and/or group bookings. First third of the space is racks of equipment and related items. Kind of a large, old cafeteria/gymnasium feeling. Nothing fancy, but what do you need, really? What made it such a good experience was the people there. Staff were tremendously helpful. Helped me calm my nerves as well as my eagerness.  Passionate and knowledgeable about archery. They provided us with a demo, quick lesson, stayed with us through our first few shots, gave us some stories and tips, then left us alone to practice. Thoroughly answered all our questions, which we had lots of, and were more than happy to assist and coach us through our entire time there. Sweet people.I was a bit nervous that we'd be intrusive to the regular goers who were likely members or hardcore archers. Lots of experienced people with fancy bows so the potential to be intimidated was there. Most seemed to stop by for 30-60 mins so we watched the place turn over a few times during our 3 hrs there. Of the turnover, I'd say 80% of them interacted with us, be it through in depth advice, sharing of experiences, providing support and encouragement or simply laughing with us through our learning curve. Everyone was extremely friendly and understanding that we were newbs. We talked and laughed quite a bit, still being mindful of others around us of course, but I'm sure they could have been annoyed as we affected their concentration at times. Not a scoff or glare received, rather they made us feel welcomed. People there were so very diverse, ranging from 30-70 yrs of age from various walks of life. All interesting people that treated us with respect, adding to the fun we were having....3 hrs later, I'm ready for hunger games. Will be back to maintain my newly found skill set.
<review# 620,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2012,2/13/2013,100,342,4,5,4>LOVE!!! Sunday afternoon, the hubs and I were doing a stroll on 17th Ave and I told him we had to check this store out. So in we go, it wasn't too busy, which was nice, it's pretty small so I could see elbows being thrown. HAHA. We did a tour of the store first, checked out the old school candy, the gag toys etc. Obviously we stocked up on the walls on 5 cent candies they had. I was super pumped you could get your candy in a Chinese food box. Anyone that knows me, knows my obsession with food (preferably Chinese) coming on those boxes. We spent a good hour in the store, ensuring our picks and what not. The staff was chipper and friendly, I mean you work in a candy store, I would hope you're in a good mood.I will be back, a lot!
<review# 621,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2012,2/12/2013,11,29,,6,4>While over at a friends place, we decided to order some pizza to munch on while having a movie night. We decided to try Jeanne's since he lives right around the corner from it (literally).I knew from the moment we walked in to pick up my order, me and my buddy were in for a special treat. When we walked in we were greeted right away. Informed that our order was just being made, I decided to peek into the back and watch my pizza being made. Loved being able to do that and see how fresh everything looked!When the order was ready to go, the pizza had a good weight to it. Had to be careful not to drop it. When we opened the box, the first thing I noticed was a little piece of warm soft bread in the middle to keep the cheesy goodness from sticking to the box. The pizza was thick and loaded with toppings. Everything was in perfect balance. It was a work of art. Screw Chicago Deep Dish. If you want an awesome thick pizza, this is the place to go!
<review# 622,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2012,2/11/2013,26,47,6,5,3>Review #9 of Yelp's 30 Day Challenge 2012I've never been to Peru nor have sampled any Peruvian dishes before but I know that when my tummy is happy and my taste buds are satisfied, that's considered good food right? Both criteria were satisfied by Inti.Service was absolutely great. Servers were friendly, very attentive to the needs of customers and gives good food recommendations. Our food also came right away which was very much appreciated as one of my visits was a really late lunch and my tummy was already growling. Everytime I go to Inti, I get that vibe that the place is very well-kept - decor/color choice that brightens the place and floors and tables always look like they're wiped clean. Now the best part - the food! I'm trying to stay away from fried food but the crispiness, right amount of saltiness and tang from the sauce of the chicharon con yuca frita is just so hard to resist! If you are in the mood for chicken with lots of herb flavors I highly recommend their rotisserie chicken. If you are in the mood for a light meal of chicken with a little bit of heat then go for the Escabeche de Pollo - the meat's fall off the bone without being overcooked. If you're looking for more heat and a sandwich that's bursting with flavors order the Brasa Sandwich. I have to warn you that it is a little messy (ok it's really messy) to eat but it's so good you wouldn't mind dirtying your hands. When it first came to our table I thought that's a huge sandwich but the first bite was so good, I emptied my plate anyway.In one of my visits I checked in through Yelp and saw an offer of free dessert so I asked and was told that I can have rice pudding or bread pudding. I never liked pudding so I was ready to leave but realized that I was being offered a free dessert so I said bread pudding. I tried it and my life view on puddings was forever changed. It melts in your mouth and the sauce and whipped cream were just good together. It's so good I will drive across town for it.  It's so good I hope it asks me out so I can marry it, make lots of baby bread puddings and eat my young.
<review# 623,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2012,2/10/2013,52,76,2,3,2>Finally after reading so many reviews I had the chance to check out this restaurant. Not once but two times on two different birthday celebrations meaning it would be at least a party of 12 x 2 which is my favorite thing to judge how a restaurant operates.Walking into the restaurant you would never guess the kind of food that is served in this establishment. The decor is very mediocre but the food you receive gives you a pleasant surprise thereafter.Our table of 12 was set with water ready for us. The owner of the place had requested we all put in our orders the day before since they always buy everything fresh at this place. We didn't mind at all and it makes the food even better that way.We all sat down and the server took our names and the owner immediately gets cracking. Before you know it all the entrees are starting to come out and you can see how excited everyone is getting to taste their food.I can't really recall what I had the first time but I do recall the tomato soup. This was the best tomato soup I have ever had. Loved it had somewhat of a kick to it. It was so delicious I wanted to order a second serving.The second time going to The Rock I ordered the duck. Man, I love this meal because it isn't too heavy or too much food. I thought it was the perfect amount for how hungry I am usually.There's so many more items to choose for dinner and I need to really hit a couple of the specials and I definitely need to go here for lunch.
<review# 624,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2012,2/9/2013,65,117,4,6,4>I very much like Dickens. Not because the food is excellent (which it is), not because the drinks are amazing (they're pretty normal) but because on Sunday afternoons this metal bar totally geeks out for games day.Walk in to find people huddled around Rock'em Sock'em robots, Risk, Chess or Settlers of Catan with EVE or WOW playing on the big screen from the Lan room.If you didn't understand any of that, then Sunday at Dickens probably isn't your thing.But if your eyes got a little wider with excitement, then Sunday afternoons at Dickens is the place to be if you've always wanted to play extended edition Settlers over a pint and a hellava an all day breakfast. See you there, bring your dice/cards/space edition Monopoly!T.
<review# 625,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2013,2/8/2013,17,3,,3,2>I love this place. It's a little expensive but man is it good and I love the old fashion decor and the heavy lineups on weekend mornings. Unlimited hash-browns can be a godsend for some BUT for me, it's the delectable french toast. Fried to perfection and served with some cinnamon, sugar icing, whipped butter, and REAL maple syrup. Even the sausage is amazing and not that cheap Denny's type one. It's like a smokie. The other beauty of the place is the real milk-shakes served in the metal mixing cup. Try the malt flavor. It's as close to heaven as it gets.
<review# 626,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2013,2/7/2013,3,12,,8,6>I've been here many times & always leave happy. The ramen is delicious & the Japanese staff is always great too!! I usually get the tonkatsu ramen & have also tried the kuroton ramen. The tonkatsu ramen broth is so delicious; full of flavor, garlic, fresh green onion & spices. The noodles are delicious & chewy. The kuroton ramen broth is also very good with a strong garlic & smoky taste.  I also love the ikageso-fried squid legs.The hiyashi (cold) ramen special is delicious in the summer!
<review# 627,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2013,2/6/2013,141,125,1,2,3>Had a 5:30 reservation this past Friday evening. We were greeted at the front door, by the manager. He asked if we would be okay sitting at the higher tables, near the bar. (All these are tables for two).We were greeted right away by a waitress, that introduced herself then took our drink orders. The waitress also let us know what they were featuring this particular evening.The waitress, sorry I can't remember her name then took our order. We started with the calamari which wasn't anything spectacular, but was good nonetheless. The calamari was served with your standard lemon wedge, and tzatziki sauce. The calamari rings were also quite tender.My wife ordered the feature, which was Mahi Mahi. The presentation of the food was good, and she also said it tasted very good. I ordered the greek ribs. It was a full back of ribs, that came with veggies like brocolli, small squash, and also greek potatoes.My ribs were fall off the bone tender. I would definitely order the ribs again. It was too bad we both couldn't finish our entree's. Next time we won't order an appetizer.With the two entree orders, the calamari appy and one soft drink, the bill came to around $75.00 with tip included.The waitress also was very good at refilling the drinks.Also both the manager, and the waitress enquired about our food while we were eating.  We both answered " Very good thank's".I will definitely come back to Broken Plate in the future. It was my second time to this location, but haven't eaten at this location for over a year.I should also say that I have been to the one on 10th ave in the Kensington area, and it was good as well.
<review# 628,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2013,2/5/2013,34,145,,4,2>This is a great little restaurant. We came here with 12 people, which was a little overwhelming for the 22 seat place but they managed.  I've also ordered seven pasta meals to go and taken it home.  One of them being gluten free.  Every one loved it.This is a great place.  The food is simply amazing.  Such huge portions and rich flavor.This tiny shop is worth a drive from Calgary.The cesar salad is delicious.  Somehow they have created a unique yet still traditional dressing that it a must try on the menu.I have had a number of the pastas and they were all large, large portions and very, very rich sauces.  Absolute calorie overload.  Bliss.My favourite is a pork medallion dish that has a creamy white sauce.  It's pretty much fettuccine alfredo with a delicious twist of tenderloin & mushrooms.  Come here.  Try it.  Great place.
<review# 629,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2013,2/4/2013,28,85,,3,2>By walking into this pub I would have never ever expected my review to be over one star but...we went for wing night night and pushed through our first impressions and sat down.  The clientele is quite mixed, young and old.  When you first enter you are overwhelmed with pool tables - you have to pass by this area to enter another area with tables and couches.  The server was wearing street clothes and seriously looked like someone who hopped off a bar stool and wandered over to help out.  They have a rule on wing night one order beer beverage.  Since three of the five of us were drinking we could order right away.  Hunger was high and expectations were low.  Although my curiosity was peaked by the flavor choices, like gunpowder suicide, overtime and szechwan thai and hot-yaki.  Well, beers in hand (remember one per order of wings!) our wings arrived and the devouring began.  Some of the the yummiest wings I have had.  Everyone at the table agreed.  We started ordering another round of beers to get more wings.  We feasted.  We moaned.  We agreed - totally worth everything else just to eat these wings.  Totes stripmall gem.
<review# 630,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2013,2/3/2013,8,19,,3,2>I've been to the Pig & Duke a few times and it's been a positive experience. I wouldn't say it's terribly special, although they do seem to be trying. I will say, however, that compared to many of the other pubs we've gone to after 40k night, this one is way , way better.The food is good, although I imagine that foodies might be disappointed. They try to make the presentation really fancy, but it tends to go a little overboard. Some of the salads are literally a big hunk of lettuce, which is odd.The service has been good, although the servers don't know everything about the alcohol served there. The best thing about this place is the ambiance and noise level. It's a nice place to sit in and you can hear the people around you; this is something a lot of pubs are terrible with.
<review# 631,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2012,2/2/2013,137,253,3,2,6>Twas' the Millarville Market Before XmasTwas' over a month until Xmas, and in Millarville,A Market was open, despite of the chill,The Artists had gathered, their wares all laid out,To sell to the people, of that there's no doubt,The cookies were out with their prices all marked,The fudge and the cakes and the sweet candy bark,The paintings all hung on the walls with great care,With dreams of the moola from shoppers right there,The fires were stoked to keep vendors quite hot,As people drove in to go fill up the lot,And deep in the middle was a Yelper named Jay,Cooking great Asian cuisine all throughout the day,The buildings were filled then with holiday cheer,With great local mead which was better than beer,And plenty of goodies were there then to try,Like fresh jams and jellies, and cakes made with Rye,And also for sale were the scarves and bright hats,Gloves and the bright Christmas themed welcome mats,There in that corner were many green wreaths,And tinsel and all sorts of warm burning heaths,And Hot Choc was shared by the friends and the kids,And parents were sipping the java through lids,This market but comes just a weekend a year,Close 'round Rememberance when we shed a tear,The drive is quite pleasant, through country so clean,Much less than an hour, you know what I mean,The kids had dear Santa for pictures so cute,The children so thrilled that they often were mute,And also there was a great hay ride for fun,And ponies to ride, lots of space to run,But now I did go to find ideas to check,Get gift shopping done and why not, what the heck,Indulge a bit more in that great Asian food,For Jay's awesome cooking put me in the mood,As I drove off back to the town with my stuff,The market was awesome, I'll be back, sure 'nough!#48 of Yelp's 30-Day Review Challenge(dedicated to Eats of Asia's inaugural weekend by 2012 Yelper Elite, Jay Del Corro, Margaret of Primal Eats and the Naaco Truck team!)
<review# 632,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2012,2/1/2013,48,110,,7,4>What a gem - I wished I checked out this place before ... the food is priced similiarly to other Japanese restaurants but with much higher quality/skill. The freshness and service at Red Ember far excels its competition (if you can even call them that). We ordered a large sashimi platter and various speciality rolls. This place is up there with Wa's and Sushi Club. I plan to try out every single roll in the next few months. Service is stellar - she explained everything in great detail and was very efficient. Every single thing we ate was excellent. Seats about 50. I would love to rent this place out for a private party.
<review# 633,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2013,1/31/2013,42,163,2,4,2>While I find Marcello's lunches decent but nothing special, their breakfasts on Thursdays and Fridays are a different thing altogether.  These two special days of the week, this particular location serves their hot breakfast buffet and has quickly become my favourite stop for a fast, hot breakfast in the morning.  Scrambled eggs, sausage, bacon, hashbrowns, waffles and even eggs benedict are part of the choices.  The eggs benedict are so very nice.  The traditional English muffin, ham, egg and hollandaise sauce with a bit of paprika sprinkled on top.  The hollandaise may not be from scratch, but it sure is satisfying.  The sausages are awesome (kind of hard to screw sausage up) and the hash browns are seasoned and tasty.  Can't argue all of that for under $10.  The cheapo in me is happy with that price.  The hungry roaring lion in me is purring and meowing by the end of this breakfast.
<review# 634,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/25/2012,1/30/2013,194,334,1,3,2>What an absolute bar-goon!I went there for lunch with approximately 10 people for lunch.  It was a friend's birthday and we all gathered here to raise a won-ton to Kim. :)The buffet was small in size co  mpared to Regency Palace (as an example), but the food choices were awesome!  They had dim sum (which I avoided - its not my thing) but the chinese buffet was amazing!  The ginger beef, arguably, is the best I have had in this city.  It was cooked to perfection!  The standard chinese fare was available and all tasty.The group i was with was all over the Dim Sum and every one was happy with the results.  What was most impressive was the price!  The buffet was only $10.95.  You heard it - only $10.95!  I can barely get out of a food court for that price.  An all you can eat buffet is a fantastic deal, especially when the food is great!So why not four stars?  My only complaint (which is inconsequential to me going back), is that the lineups are insane.  It makes sense, since the prices are fair and the food is good.  However, the one small buffet table is not very efficient for the size of the restaurant.  So go in hungry - not starving, because you will be in a lineup for your grub.  And it moves slow.  Once you get your food though, the world is right.The staff are friendly and helpful as well.  Everyone I interacted with - the bus boys, the serving staff and the nice dude that you pay on the way out, were all friendly, smiley individuals.I will definately be back!
<review# 635,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/21/2012,1/29/2013,138,614,3,6,3>We came across this cheese place by accident. Hubby kind of roared into the place on autopilot as he claims (for real) that he used to be a mouse in his former life. And I kind of believe him!I am not a cheese person but I was impressed at the store, how it was set up and the variety of cheese. Not a big place, just perfect to be able to look around within 10 min or so and there was some sort of brie with crackers you could sample at the till. Mice love samples!The young man working at Springbank was pleasant, he said that he enjoyed his job as he loved cheese. So there you go.We left with a half bag full of cheese, we found the prices to be quite reasonable.
<review# 636,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/23/2012,1/28/2013,429,445,15,15,16>November Challenge - 23/30What! I haven't reviewed Ming yet?! I love Ming, and their cocktails named after famous rulers and dictators. How can I say no to a martini named after Noriega, that has banana liqueur and pop rocks on the rim? Well, maybe I'll say no on a first date, because I'd rather not have that dude's first impression of me; be of me fellating the pop rocks off the rim on a martini glass. But if I'm with friends? Noriegas, ahoy!Love their pepper potato wedges too, and their edamame has just the right amount of seasoning. I don't think I've ever encountered a drink I didn't like at Ming (the Marie Antoinette martini is delicious, too!), and service is always on point. The server I had on my last visit was an awesome lady.
<review# 637,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/29/2012,1/27/2013,56,63,3,5,4>When it comes to the subject of Chinese cuisine, there is so much to talk about. I love it all, whether it's a local specialty like ginger beef or something more traditional like a simple breakfast of congee and fried crullers. And don't get me started on dim sum. I can eat chicken feet, heaping bowls of noodle soup with assorted 'meat'... it's a wonderland of great tastes and textures.Forbidden City Dim Sum seems to capture it all. It's a glorious dim sum house with a lot of fresh and well-executed items from the regular menu that never fall short. The dining area is clean and modern, always alive with activity as diners converse over steaming hot-pots or glistening plates of colourful vegetables and fried morsels of deliciousness.The menu is a tribute to everything I love about Chinese food. It ranges from simple stir-fried gai lan with garlic to the opulence of whole abalone. I opted for some simple gai lan and the tender braised pork belly with steamed bau on this visit. I can tell you that the gai lan was bright and crisp, with the aromatics and flavour of the garlic present, but not overpowering. The fresh flavour and texture of the vegetable was done very well, not overcooked and wilted.If you had never experienced the awesomeness of pork belly, now is the time. It is common to enjoy this cut of pork with the crispy skin and fried meat, but when it is braised low and slow with the slightly sweet red sauce, it is something to behold. It's brought to the table in a bowl with a knife. To accompany it, a wooden box of steamed bau, flattened and folded over like a taco shell for you to make the tastiest sandwich you will ever put in your mouth. Toppings are simple - a bit of chopped green onion to cut the richness of the pork and some crushed peanuts for a little texture. This style, reminiscent of the Taiwanese street snack Gua Bau is a must-have for your next visit.Yes, I have sampled other items on the menu and they are all very good. A particular favourite of mine is the fried rice, which they add a little masago for colour and texture. It's a little detail, but its those little things that can make a dish. But when I think about Forbidden City, I will always be thinking about that braised pork.
<review# 638,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2012,1/26/2013,23,14,4,2,3>I've been to Cibo about three times in the past two weeks, and hot damn is it ever good! I celebrated my birthday there with a table of thirty, the reservation was smooth, and the place is so big that seating for a party that large is not at all a problem (employees of the former Roger's video probably gape at what the space once was). Several scodellinas later ( the roasted eggplant dip, the date salad, the ricotta, and the aracini are a few of my favourites), we were knee deep in delicious drinks and entrees (great pizza, up there with the quality of Double Zero and Una, and awesome pasta, I recommend the gnocchi). Overall, the ambiance is friendly (family and otherwise), the wait staff are always efficient and seem happy to be serving you (no mute service or servers that are seen once and never again), and the food is top notch Italian, especially for the price. Cibo has become my go to place for eating out on 17th, and I hope the quality of the food and service continues to be a steady four stars.
<review# 639,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/25/2012,1/25/2013,190,342,5,5,4>First time at Loose Moose and had a great time!I expected something really cheesy, but I enjoyed myself and it was funny and we laughed.Located BEHIND the crossroads farmers market (by Blackfoot and Ogden Rd).Auditorium has theatre seating with the stage being on the floor... so please make sure you come early or on time because it's distracting having the door open during the show.They have snacks at the concession (e.g. choco bars, licorice, granola bars, glossette raisins, and water, juice, red & white wine)... no cooked food, no chips, no popcorn... haha. It would have been nice to have chips cuz a few of us were craving salty crunchy and not sweet.... hey told me that the chip bags would make too much noise in the theatre but would look into it. :)The night we went it was Semi-finals of the improv competition so they were already in teams and they would challenge against each other with different improv techniques, judges would award points and in the end, 2 best scores would go to finals (which is next weekend).Lots of laughs.Even stayed for Chop Shop afterwards where it's less structured and more free flow (from what I understand).  This is on a donation basis.For $15, a nice option for entertainment   :)p.s. for Christmas they have Christmoose theatre - their take on a Christmas Carol.p.p.s. One kid looks like a young Tom Cruise (ala Risky business!) hahaha.
<review# 640,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2012,1/24/2013,305,278,5,5,4>yummy yummy fried chicken in my tummy.I was expecting some real soul style operations here. Turns out, the place is ran by two motherly looking  Korean ladies, in floral aprons and hair nets. Makes sense, since this spot used to be Peoples (sp?) Koreak Bar & Lounge.So being in an Asian establishment, I was entitled to ordering the orginal recipe fried chicken with rice. I also got the hot sweet sauce on the side which was nice, tasted like plum sauce x siracha. The chicken peices were meaty, juicy and the batter was crunchy, light and well seasoned. I had no problems with it being too greasy, and as I bit into it, juicy chicken goodness dribbled out everywhere. It was a literal hot mess. Now that is juicy.For less than $10 you can get 2 peices of chicken, rice, salad and a pop (they have Fanta btw). That's pretty darn good for a downtown proximity lunch. I can make it to this place and back in less than the standard allocated lunch hour. Park on the street because that parking lot is impossible to exit once you turn in. If you are going to eat here, just know that the selling point of Olive chicken is the chicken. Not the ambiance. Lawn chair seating and mismatched lawn tables that wobble. Infact, it's freezing on colder days. They leave the door open to let out the grease in the air and let in bone chilling cold. They also don't seem to mind snow blowing horizontally inwards either. I did this. Twas dumb. But I would still eat here, maybe on a warmer day.Review #7 of Yelp's 30 Day Challenge 2012
<review# 641,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2012,1/23/2013,23,13,1,4,4>Great location and great coffee. Nothing beats that. A little hide away when you're looking at destress during your work day.  Connected through the +15s in Art Central, it's not too far of a walk either.I enjoy their cappuccinos and americanos since the beans they use are not overly roasted so you can get just enough coffee flavour without it being burnt and bitter.If you're not in the mood for coffee, their tea selection is also very good. It comes in a nice little tea pot so you can take your time to enjoy every sip. They also serve sandwiches and light snacks if you're looking for a bite.Also, they have daily happy hour specials on wine (beer too) and cheese. A nice way to wind down a busy work day or when you're just trying to hide from rush hour traffic!
<review# 642,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2012,1/22/2013,266,478,6,9,8>Never had Thai food done like this. Done well like this. Cooked well like this. Served well like this. Eaten well like this.I'm glad a group of us Yelpers congregated here on a Monday night because half of us have been here while the other half didn't know what to quite expect. Walking into the hotel and into the restaurant made me feel like I was checking out an indie concert at the Legion downtown. When we sat in the place was small but cozily decorated with anything that would remind you that you set foot into a Thai restaurant.Our server couldn't understand us too well, I guess she wasn't the usual owners in charge. She didn't want to take on the challenge of picking out our food so it was understandable. But she also didn't remember one of our dishes and insisted it wasn't mentioned.Seriously. Even with the burps in service miscommunication, this place served solid dishes. Really solid dishes. We started out with a few appetizers and a bowl of soup. The veggie spring rolls tasted fresh and the peanut sauce complimented it perfectly. The chicken and coconut soup was a wet dream for foodies: the kaffir lime leaves brought a refreshing sour component to the already savoury-sweet broth of the soup.Their eggplant and tofu curry dish was inspiring. We have a potluck coming up and I might just try and emulate the experience I had from this dish for a recipe idea I have. Their penang tofu was worth the wait and the confusion of ordering. I thought I was done for but when this came, I shoved some room in my stomach just to savour it's curry soup.Finally their coconut rice. I almost doomed the group by ordering regular rice, but Julia shook her head at me and said "you gotta go coconut all the way or go home" and so I did. The coconut rice was tasty enough to eat by itself, but with the beef bamboo shoot stir fry, it was like tasting the final battle to bloodsport, where JCVD was about to serve sweet justice to Bolo. It tasted like VICTORY.I could go on about how their pad thai is the MOVES and should be placed on metal rings for engagement proposals. Or I could ramble on about how their banana spring rolls with coconut ice cream could be the best dessert that exists in that city quadrant.But no, because I'll be back White Elephant, like a bad action movie sequel, you best believe I'll be back.
<review# 643,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2012,1/21/2013,130,261,4,4,4>I know not very many things about wine. I know I can drink some wines which are vegan friendly, and have a list of those wines. I know that white wine is excellent in baked potato and kale soup. I know that wine makes me sleepy when I drink huge mason jars full of it. I know many more things about beer. I know that I like tasty beer and not garbage beer. I know that I prefer beers that are brewed in smaller batches and come from microbreweries. I know that I like most all beers, and when I might pair a Pale, Amber, Wheat, or Stout with a meal. I also know that even if it is called KENSINGTON WINE MARKET, this is always a great place for me to come seek a microbrew as well. They also are really great about keeping up with seasonal selections on the market. I am a sucker for seasonal spiced ales, and around Thanksgiving popped into Kensington Wine Market for some pumpkin beers to drink alongside my Tofurkey dinner. The staff member assisting me was knowledgeable, and I felt I could trust his recommendations as his tastes sounded similar to my own. I went home with some Howe Sound pumpkin ale which I haven't tried, as well as some Alley Kat and St. Ambroise which I can always rely on. They were also listening to a band I really love and don't get to hear often unless it's on my own record player, so I was pretty pleased. I have to admit, I drank most of the Howe Sound myself while preparing Thanksgiving dinner, but I guess that speaks to the rad recommendation I received. While I am not a wine aficionado, I trust that if I ever need to turn to wine snobbery, this is the place I would go as well. High fives, Kensington Wine Market.*Review 6/30 of Yelp's 30 Day Challenge 2012
<review# 644,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/5/2012,1/19/2013,52,169,,5,1>Review #10 For Yelp's 30 Day Challenge 2012This place has been around for forever and still seems to be pretty busy even on weeknights. 5 pin bowling with lots of lanes. It's $40 an hour per lane, so I recommend getting at least 4 people together so it's a little cheaper. Shoes are $3 to rent as well. If you bowl pretty fast you can play 2-3 games in an hour which isn't so bad.
<review# 645,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2012,1/18/2013,32,203,3,7,5>I went to the Calgary Farmers Market this past Sunday and was very curious about this shop as I walked by. I saw the cooler full of cheese curds and I knew right there that I had to check it out.There were so many maple syrup items that I felt more Canadian just standing in the booth. I gave into the impulse of buying a bag of curds and let me tell you - they do not disappoint. They are so creamy, cheesy and delicious. After a full walk around we decided to go back and try the smoked corned beef sandwich and poutine. My goodness! We only ordered one combo to share and let me tell you, it was enough for the two of us. The sandwich was FULL of flavorful meat and the poutine... oh the POUTINE! You must try it, that is all I will say.
<review# 646,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2012,1/17/2013,62,103,24,15,8>Being an adult is super awesome. You can buy cars and houses! And then, when your cars get hail damage and your sink backs up, you get to pay to have them both fixed!After living in my house for about four months, my sink decided to kick the bucket. We'd run water and it would come straight back up and fill the sink, carrying with it the bittersweet memories of bits of food we'd hoped to never see again in our lives.Enter: The DIY plumbing adventure. I like to try and solve problems before forking out cash to have someone fix it for me. First, we hired LIQUID PLUMBER! We eagerly anticipated the concoction flying through my pipes like a psychotic Italian Mario, bashing grime on the head and clearing any leaks. That's not what happened. Things didn't improve in the slightest. Score one: old plumbing.My roommate and I disassembled the pipes under the sink, only to find they were completely clear. Curious. We then took off one of the pipes a little further back - to find it full of gray goo. We cleaned this one too and decided to run the crappy $4.00 snake we bought at Canadian Tire through it. The snake broke immediately and wouldn't go around any corners. Score two: old plumbing.When that failed, it was time for a bigger snake. But first, I read on the internet that maybe a bird had come to live in my plumbing vent. After cleaning out the horrific bird's nest in my STOVE vent (which has NOTHING to do with plumbing), my plumbing problem stayed the exact same (and I felt a bit foolish for not knowing how to tell the difference between the two vents). Score three: old plumbing.Finally, the snake. We ran it 15 feet into my house before realizing it was coming out of my roof. Yup, it had gone UP the pipes instead of down and was now stuck sticking out of the top of my house. We freed it from its confines, hanging our heads in shame. Score four: old plumbing.We snaked it just one more time, but hit a tiny little u-bend that it couldn't go around. No clogs we could feel, and no grime coming back. Score 5: old plumbing.Discouraged, we reassembled the pipes, only to have them leak like the eyes of a single girl watching the notebook. Score... screw it, I'm done counting. We went and bought Teflon tape and new O-rings. Reconfigured everything. Reassembled. Only one small leak now. Well, two - I was also crying a bit. Stupid, STUPID plumbing.So we called Pete The Plumber and waited two days (they're a busy little shop!).They showed up 7 minutes early (I frantically ran to the door from my shower, a sight which I'm sure none of us enjoyed), snaked my pipes to 40 feet, took all of 30 minutes and left me with a functioning sink. HOORAY PETE!Now - why two of them had to show up, I'm not entirely sure. They were pleasant guys, but I don't know why it takes two of you to shove a snake down my pipes. Still, they got the job done and left me with a $161 bill, which isn't cheap, but isn't absurd.Long story short: Don't waste 5+ hours of your own time. Call someone with a mechanical snake who can enable you to wash dishes again. Pete was good; I might try someone else next time just to see if I can save a bit of cash, but their service was prompt, plumbers friendly and results speak for themselves.
<review# 647,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/25/2012,1/16/2013,67,339,5,5,4>OMG. Stopped in here at the Farmers Market to get a little something something for dessert for dinner. I am not much of a dessert person but I can't say no to creme brulee. And there they were, calling to me.  I ordered them and the gentleman behind the counter who was so friendly asked if I liked the tops to be very crunchy. Um yes please? So he sprinkled sugar, got out his torch and made them just so. Then he packaged them up. It took just long enough that I had time to look at all their other offerings. Cakes, mouses, pain au chocolat -  oh my.  I ordered two of the latter just because I could. He parceled those up for me with a smile. So much for not really being a dessert person.We thoroughly enjoyed both. The Creme Brulee was my favourite and it made a lovely finish to our meal. The pain au chocolat were delicious and reminded me of trips to France I've taken. Flakey with decadent chocolate on the inside. Taste and looks  - their treats had it all. I will definitely be back.
<review# 648,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2012,1/15/2013,67,141,3,7,5>Finally got around to trying Brasserie, with a Saturday night dinner reservation for a date night. We showed up on time for our reservation but found that our table would be at least a 20 minute wait, so we could wait at the bar. We were jammed into an already full bar, stuffed at the end next to the garbage can and wait service kitchen access. A bit of a rough start for this experience, I was elbowed countless times by the wait staff and oddly enough we had a hard time flagging someone down to order a couple of martinis. We finally got our table, and what a sweet spot! such a unique view of Kensington, it was really lovely.From here on our experience was nothing short of awesome. Our server, was fantastic. Really good table side banter, even told some jokes and was just all around charming. For eats, my date was jonesing for a steak so she had that with pomme frites. I choose the surf and turf from the specials listed on the chalk board, which was Mennonite sausage and halibut.  The steak came out rare, as ordered and was lovely. The sausage and halibut I had were fantastic! The halibut was so juicy and perfectly seasoned, the sausage was salty and crispy from the grill. Fantastic. To follow we settled on chocolate mouse, and we wanted a hot drink to go with it, but without caffeine. There wasn't any listed on the menu, but our awesome server said to put the trust in him as he had the perfect drink in mind.  He came out with a drink called a Beautiful, which was Courvoisier and Grand Marnier served warm. It was the perfect pairing with the chocolate mouse, the orange flavor was ideal with the mouse.As for the ambiance, the only downside was the music. Too loud and it just didn't match the vibe they had going. We asked a few times for it to be turned down as we were pretty much yelling at each other in some points (was that the booze? ha ha!!).I like this place and would really like to try it for brunch as other reviews say it's spot on. Either way, lovely spot for a kensi date night!Review #4 of Yelp's 30 Day Challenge 2012
<review# 649,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2012,1/14/2013,116,106,2,3,3>The pizza here is amazing!  I'm not usually a fan of thin crust pizza (unless it's slightly crisp) because it's so easy for the slices to become soggy, but the pizza here is so flavourful.I've found that their version of Hawaiian pizza can get soggy due to the pineapple involved, but their chicken pizza is AMAZING!  You can really taste the difference that free-range chicken makes.They also serve ginger beer here, which is cool and hard to find in a restaurant sometimes in this city.The location is great as the next nearest gourmet pizza place in the area would probably be UNA on 17th Avenue.If you love pizza, you owe it to yourself to try a slice here at least once.
<review# 650,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2012,1/13/2013,157,283,5,6,5>Review #18 of Yelp's 30 Day Challenge 2012Driven past here many times.  Finally able to stop in during a treasure hunt but no time to browse.  So I bookmarked it with full intentions of returning one day soon since I am after all part German and the moment I walked in I felt like I need to put on my dirndl, grab a beer stein and start yelling prost to all my Freundens.One day soon happened last week.  Hubs & I stopped in to satisfy my urge.  Parking was rather nasty however, the street was blocked off and so we opted to park across the street in a empty lot that hosts a Dentist's office since we were not planning on staying long.  But we were quickly chased away by some Dentist looking dude who came out yelling at us and shaking his fist (uptight?).  I could only imagine the patient left in the chair mid drill wondering where did my dentist go?  Prost I yelled back and waved as we drove away to find another spot to park.We finally found a parking spot and got in.  Holy Busy.  The cafe was bustling, the deli counter crazy and people pouring in by the truckloads.  Apparently this best kept secret is not such a secret.   There is so much to look at I could have spent hours here.  Many memories came back as I wandered the aisles taking in as much as I could of all the European delights.  I further couldn't help but drool over all the food in the deli counters.  Since we'd already had lunch, we ended up picking up a Christmas gift for someone and vowing to come back one day and stay longer.Lovely little place if you can find parking with something for everyone.
<review# 651,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/25/2012,1/12/2013,60,255,,5,3>This place is amazing.  Where do I begin?  I'll start from when we first arrived.  We were greeted to an inviting front counter, clean, bright and being a grill it didn't smell like it (great for people with asthma).  Another thing, the people that work there are super friendly.  It was our first time there and we didn't know what to get and we were given many helpful suggestions.I ordered the special, the Stampeder with extra beef.  Two beef skewers, grilled onions, green peppers, special sauce, cheese, etc.  You can get your kabob in either a wrap or with salad.  I opted for the wrap and fries.The beef was so tender, juicy and spiced to perfection.  I recommend the beef on your first visit.  They do have limited tables where you can enjoy your food there but no chairs.  That's fine though as most people that go here take stuff to go or are in a rush.It's rare to see a place that hits perfect 10's in all aspects from the food, the atmosphere and the service.  Another plus, you can get an average meal for under $10.  Where else can you find quality at that price these days?This was my first visit but it won't be my last.  I'm planning on being a regular.
<review# 652,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/26/2012,1/11/2013,67,205,4,5,5>My wife felt a craving for lamb while we were at the Kingsland Farmers Market for the Corn Festival, so she tried the lamb at Kaffir Lime, and voted it a solid two thumbs up. You know what they say--happy wife, happy life, and my wife is something of a lamb connoisseur, so I had to give them four stars. It would be five, except I didn't order anything for myself. That's for next time.
<review# 653,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2012,1/10/2013,7,44,4,7,5>I blame myself for not finding this place sooner. Everything about this place is authentic, the food is delicious and cheap! It's a good idea to share food here so you can get to taste the many different menu items if you're new to Ethiopian food. They have raw meat on the menu as well (Kitfo and Gored gored) which are not for everybody! The staff is very friendly and they take the time to explain the menu to you.
<review# 654,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2012,1/9/2013,23,18,4,10,7>I first heard of Artisan Kitchens from reading their articles in Renovation magazine.  The articles were written by Lynn who has a degree in Interior Design and together with Dave who is the Engineering Contractor and the other half of Artisan Kitchens.  Their ideas and business model made sense, so when we finally decided to renovate we asked them for a design compiled from a discussion of our lifestyle choices and the type of house we had, which was a 1970's estate home that contained the standard tiny kitchen, dining room and low ceilings.  Dave spent several hours with us designing a kitchen/dining room open concept which would meet our needs.  There was no charge and no pressure to proceed.  Life got busy and we didn't get back to him until a year and a half later.  When we were ready to proceed, he found the files and we hammered down a plan and design that would work for us.  The design was on computer and came complete with a video tour of the "vision".  Ours was a big project that basically involved moving the entire kitchen into the dining room (with moved plumbing and electrical) as well as installing two huge cantilevered box windows.  We made the decision to take the plunge and signed the contract which came complete with a binder full of subtrade information, product information, insurance and wcb information as well as payment schedule and contacts.  It was a professional binder of all the information we needed to refer to.  Our kitchen/living room renovation took four months to do.  We were adament to avoid the typical renovation creep of "while we are at it..." and stuck to firm boundaries of the existing plans, unless there was obvious things to be fixed such as an exposed leaky plumbing pipe, and another pipe that really had to be moved.  All the subtrades chosen by Dave were professional, efficient, came when they said they would, and stuck to the quoted amount. They creatively remedied any problem that came up. As one who hates surprises, I found that as time went on, I could trust Dave, Lynn, and the subtrades to do the job with the quality I expected, and the reasonable price they gave us.Our project came out on time and on budget, and that is a rare quality in boom time Calgary.  We are very pleased with Artisan Kitchens and would not hesitate to recommend them to anyone with a small or large project, kitchens, bathrooms, basements or any type of renovation, interior or exterior.  Judy and Peter Arnall
<review# 655,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/30/2012,1/8/2013,19,49,3,6,5>We needed a break from Christmas turkey leftovers so the four of us headed out to Bragg Creek with our online coupons ($49 paid for a $105 meal for two) in hand . We had all eaten here previously with excellent results using a previous version of these  coupons. The starter provides a choice of one of three hors d'oeuvres or salads. They were truly excellent with large shrimp incorporated in the delicious salad and tasty dumplings served  in caramelized onions. Our choices for mains included the roasted boar, the Hungarian steak and the classic Vienna Schnitzel . We were all very pleased with our choices and could have easily left fully satisfied at that point. There was however, still dessert. Either ice cream with hot raspberry sauce or apple strudel with whipped cream were offered. We had two of each just to ensure a really good sleep! Both were scrumptious.We selected two of the house German style beers and two glasses of wine to round out our dining experience. ( four drinks in total) They were good choices if somewhat pricey.We had presented our coupons and expected to pay only for the drinks as the coupons seemed to suggest that the meal was fully paid. Wrong. Each couple received a bill for $50.00   It was explained that in the fine print of the coupon, the restaurant would add a 16% gratuity based on the total pre-discount value. This was a $41 gratuity for the two couples and we had not seen it coming. We are more than happy to tip however being required to pay a fixed amount is highly annoying. It left us with an uncomfortable feeling after a truly great meal. We will be even more careful to read the very fine print in the future so that we do not buy coupons that include a predetermined gratuity.
<review# 656,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2012,1/7/2013,1,16,5,5,5>Great service, great environment and great food. The trifecta.Went in on a whim for some sashimi. I've avoided it before as it struck me as being expensive, but it's not. I got three orders of sashimi not realizing the large size of the pieces. It was a very good value. We received 4 pieces of free sushi to taste test. The tea pot was kept full and a great deal of food was had for under $40.00.  This is relatively high end sushi at price that's not much more than what you'd find in a food court. I can't wait to try some of the other specials.
<review# 657,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/31/2012,1/6/2013,3,14,3,5,6>I love coming here.  We enjoy meat and cheese boards, and they offer both here which is a nice option.   The scallops are amazing!  Although an indulgence, the poutine is one of my favs. The tasting menu portions are large enough to feel as though you truly did have a "taste" of the meal.  As for wine, I am not a fan of their wine list, and end up settling on a wine i don't prefer - but I have attempted almost all of them.    I love the environment and decor.  Its a nice place to eat, and share some time with friends and loved ones.
<review# 658,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2012,1/5/2013,95,304,4,8,6>Review #1 of Yelp's 30 Day Challenge 2012What would I change about Lina's? Nothing... that's why I give it 5 stars! There is an amazing, mouth-watering cheese and deli meat selection. I could spend hours staring at all the varieties of fresh cheeses and meats! I really enjoy their Sambal cheddar (it's the spicy Chili garlic sauce coated on cheese!) Then the desserts. I don't even like sugar but they have a wide variety of fresh pastries and pies and anything you can think of. They have a seating area for those who want to dine in or sample the food, so I'd recommend shopping hungry! They have a lot of other interesting items for sale, including household wares, fresh vegetables, and specialty Italian goods. Parking can be a little chaotic so I try to go during low traffic times, early in the morning is the best!
<review# 659,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2012,1/4/2013,49,101,2,6,2>Congratulations, SE Calgary!  You finally have a great massage therapist and her name is Tara.I've had difficulty in the last couple of years finding a great spa/massage therapist in the SE area, and now I'm in luck!  I almost don't want to write this review in fear she'll become too busy....Tara does a great job operating her business out of her home, she has a room just off her main foyer made up to ressemble a spa with comforting music and tranquil waterfall.  Her hours are pretty accommdating given she's a full time mom as well! Located within the community of Copperfield, BodyKnots offers a wide range of services and different types of massage.  For my first massage I had the THAI STEM massage which used herbal massaging tools and smelled awesome.  I felt great afterwards.  For my second visit I endulged in a 90 min full body deep tissue massage.  Tara has super strong hands and her techniques are awesome.  She is entirely professional and holds great relationships with her clients.  It's ironic how I've had massages in the past (See my list called HAPPY ENDINGLESS MASSAGES) that have resulted in screaming children, yet at Bodyknots you don't hear a peep!Keep up the great work, I look forward to many great massages!
<review# 660,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2012,1/3/2013,28,44,1,5,4>I'm the Duke of this barbershop, and how have I not written a review?The guys here are excellent. No frills, just your standard barber shop. They've been doing my hair since I moved here in August 2011. They are quick, and a bit chatty. However, they tend to come up with interesting things to discuss. Pricewise, they are great. I've also been here for a hot-towel shave. They always are respectful, courteous, polite and the shop is impeccably clean.Review #3 of Yelp's 30 Day Challenge 2012
<review# 661,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2012,1/2/2013,165,224,4,9,6>Just like a wine tasting, but with olive oils and balsamic vinegars. Say what?! Welcome to Oliv Tasting Room, and be ready for your mind to be BLOWN.This is where Spoon Me used to be. Now the walls are lined with bottles upon bottles of olive oils and balsamic vinegars. They have olive oils from Italy, Spain, Morocco, Greece, etc, and countless flavoured ones. They have 18 year balsamic vinegars, and 25 year balsamics, white ones, red ones and flavoured ones. Take the tour. The people working here are clearly experts and will pair each olive oil expertly with a balsamic vinegar, and will tell you serve them or what type of cooking you can use them in. It's a world of limitless possibilities and I am not even exagerrating. If you love olive oils and balsamics, or have a knack for cooking, you will be a kid in a candy store.Every single person I have brought to this store have been so impressed they have not left with less than 3 bottles. This company started in Moose Jaw, SK if you can believe it, and now have two other stores, one being in Calgary. Go do a tasting. You will be amazed, and will leave with an armful of spectacular olive oil and balsamic bottles. And you will thank me for it.Review #8 of Yelp's 30 Day Challenge 2012
<review# 662,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2012,1/1/2013,86,132,2,3,2>Still loving Blue Star after more visits. I love when your subsequent visits are as good as your first. My husband loves the pulled pork hash and the eggs benny. I'm still partial to the chicken burger or the chili. Always local and always fresh, what more is there to ask for?
<review# 663,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/3/2012,12/31/2012,22,201,2,4,3>Saffron has me a bit torn.  One hand it's solid food, served quickly, friendly staff, and reasonable prices for Indian in the NW side of town.  On the other,  if I'm craving Indian it doesn't quite satisfy. From someone who loves Indian food and had traveled to India and eaten the real deal - it's not quite to my quality of authentic.  For example,  the naan is closer to greek pita than I'd expect.  Not that I have an issue with greek pita... but just not always what I'm hoping for.  That being said, there isn't a lot of NW competition for Indian so it is sometimes better than taking a bit of a drive to something a little more authentic or going to a higher price point place that takes a while.  Saffron is a bit different that some restaurants in that they make a handful of dishes that day and you choose from those - not the menu unless you order in advance for a lot of people or something.   They will always have butter chicken and a dahl but other than that you'll have to call or just go check it out.   They will always have a few vegetarian dishes and then some with meat.  They often have ocra and saag which are far from my favourites - and that's sometimes a bit disappointing to me. The good thing about Saffron is the food is made when you stop in (but does NOT taste like buffet style that's been sitting) so it's quick to stop in and pick up. The prices for the NW are not bad.  For a veggie combo you get 1 veg dish, rice, naan and a curry for $9.  Add a buck for a meat combo.  Add a couple bucks for a second veg dish.  A combo with 1 dish is more than enough for me most of the time.   A combo with 2 dishes is usually 2 meals if I buy more naan.  Overall that's not a bad deal when facing the cost of other NW alternatives.Overall,  Saffron is definitely a good option to have around.Review 3 of 30 in Yelp's 30 Day Challenge
<review# 664,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2012,12/29/2012,83,568,,6,6>First of all, the Raspberry Mousse Cake is a winner.  I tried a slice today and even though I love a good sugar rush, this cake was still delicious despite the fact that they create low fat and low sugar goods.  I'm very picky about raspberry and was grateful it didn't taste like some nasty fake flavoring.  I really like the cafe because it is all windows and not only do they have window seating, one wall is actually windows to the kitchen and you can watch the baker in action.  The majority of what is sold here is deserts but they do have a bit of a lunch selection as well, such as toasted sandwiches, soup and a variety of buns.  Most items are made in-house and a few packed treats are not.  They have a respectable drink menu with teas, slush, smoothies, brewed coffee and espresso, none of which I tried.  I'll definitely return when I'm in the neighborhood again and would consider ordering a cake, but for a special occasion only.  They are like artwork, therefore pricey.  Check them out online.Review 5 of Yelp's 30 Day Challenge - Nov 2012
<review# 665,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2012,12/28/2012,92,68,3,6,3>I like it here.  Been a few times through out the last year for birthdays & events and had a lot of good times!  Hubby and I had our first and only couple's lap dance.  It was interesting and fun!  I find the decor kinda cool.  I like the boudoir type photos on the red walls.  One of my most favorite things about Boudoir Rouge is the girls bathroom.  There is one huge stall that is a bathroom with in the bathroom.  You have your own sink in there!  The music is alright... typical dance music, but one of the DJs is a Twitter bud and it's always nice to see him!  One problem... no dance floor so a bunch of us on a girls night out there made our own.. apparently it was a first for the club.  Drinks are expensive, but I guess that comes with the territory.  I recall the sleazy old French Maid having the same prices or not much better anyhow.I love the no cover for women thing.  Definitely will go back.  With the right group of people it can be a lot of fun!
<review# 666,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2012,12/27/2012,45,109,2,7,4>Dal is like comfort food to me. And I've grown accustomed to it after spending 6 weeks in Nepal back in 2007. It is like a slow cooked lentil porridge poured over rice. Healthy, filling, and warms you up.Because there is no other Nepalese restaurant in Calgary, the Himalayan gets an automatic 5/5, and I can't get dal anywhere else. Also be sure to try their momos (dumplings).
<review# 667,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/25/2012,12/26/2012,47,68,4,5,4>Lions and Tigers and Bears, oh my!Oh Calgary Zoo! I've been here countless times and experienced it with many friends and family.If you've been to bigger zoo's like I have, its hard not to compare your experience here from them, but the reality is, its Calgary and not a city with more than 4 million people in it. The Calgary zoo is fun! The Calgary zoo doesn't have the best selection of food but it has SCREAMERS! a wicked combination of soft serve ice cream and "slurpee" or flavoured crushed ice haha. And these are the two reasons why I go to the zoo. Mind you, I usually only do the screamer trip once every 2 or 3 years because paying for entry and a screamer ever day is really luxurious haha.I've lived in Calgary most of my life and sometimes I get bored of doing the same things and going to the same places time and time again, but this city is what you make of it and Calgary's got a great zoo that everyone can experience in a whole new light every time :) In fact, here's a random list of reasons why you should visit the Calgary Zoo:1. Seeing animals up close is a lot better than watching them on TV2. They have penguins now! 3. girls love animals guys! a great date idea - Get your Tarzan on!4. Screamers and sooooo good! and you can't get them anywhere else in Calgary5. Zoo lights in the winter!6. because Drumheller is a lot farther away haha (I love you Drumheller!)7. its like a sanctuary in the middle of the city; have a peaceful walk.One of the best things about the Calgary Zoo is it's really easy to get to. How many zoos in the world have this kind of accessibility?Thanks for always being there Calgary Zoo and I hope you are for future generations to come.
<review# 668,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2012,12/25/2012,98,157,5,4,4>I may have to take issue with you there, Tiffany ...I think Bagolac COULD be the best in town!... at least for Pho.I had been to Bagolac a long time bePHO, but didn't remember it being anything that PHO above the rest. I didn't get soup ... I think I had a vermicelli dish PHO lunch. But on this last visit, I got the pho and it was one of the best I've had in PHOeva, PHO SHO. Spicy, creamy, nutty, beefy ... it was the kinda soup I end up thinking about PHO the next PHO or five days. Certainly no PHOnies here.One of the best things about Bagolac though is the cleanliness. The tables are spotless and the food is incredibly fresh, good quality. Seriously, Bagolac nailed it ... PHO REAL.
<review# 669,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/25/2012,12/24/2012,89,72,3,4,3>Know what tastes better than a meatball sandwich at Cafe Mauro? More meatball sandwich. In fact I'll wager that this place has the best meatball sandwich in the city. Not overly sauced, just enough. The bread is fantastic and fresh. The meatballs, big peppery and delicious. I don't eat here very often, but when I do it's a really nice treat. I totally recommend it!
<review# 670,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2012,12/23/2012,53,400,2,4,3>I'm loving Cucina!  It is definitely worth the little jaunt from my office in Bankers Hall.  I haven't been to Starbucks in a couple of weeks - I've been coming here almost every day.  There are not crazy line-ups like at Starbucks or Cafe Artigiano!  (Shhhh!  Please keep this a secret!)  It's nice to have an alternative for coffee - they brew Phil & Sebastian - and healthy little treats as well.Their food is also delicious - I've only had food to go, but their Rotisserie Chicken Sandwich is great!  Wonderful fresh ingredients!My only comment - and this is partly due to Eighth Avenue Place being under more construction with the 2nd tower going up - is that they need some spots to sit and drink your coffee if you're getting it to go.  Even having some little bistro tables outside in the lobby would be nice.
<review# 671,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/14/2012,12/22/2012,12,5,,5,2>This place is fantastic. It's a block away from home (Off of 37th Street and 28th Ave SW), which makes it super convenient to eat here. The service is always friendly and quick.For the price point, the food is pretty great. They offer soups, rice bowls, sushi, sashimi and the like.  There is good variety on the menu, which is nice, since my boyfriend is still building up his taste for sushi. The quality is also good. A couple of my favorites are the beef rice bowl, the spicy tuna roll, unagi (BBQ Eel). I have yet to try some of their specialty rolls, but since its so close by and such a bargain I'm sure I will. They also serve bubble tea, which is a nice treat every now and again. If you're looking for good food at a reasonable price point, definitely check out Hot Stone Rice Bowl!
<review# 672,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/25/2012,12/21/2012,2,7,,4,3>This tea shop is the BEST! I got the best service I could ask for, they were very helpful! Lots of variety of loose leaf teas and tons of cups and tea pots to go along with it (handmade by Calgary artists) And I thought it was excellent that they give you a free tea tin with a purchase of 100gs of tea. The tins are great, sure to keep your tea fresh for a long time. Also if you bring in your tin when you're out of tea they take off $1 of your purchase :) Cream of Early Grey is possibly the best tea I've had btw, highly recommend it!
<review# 673,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/14/2012,12/20/2012,35,291,2,3,2>Echoing Sabahat's sentiment, this rates somewhere between a three and four star rating.  Since the Yelp overall is 4, I'll assign my review 3 and split the difference.   The ambience is pretty good, and the decor traditional but not tired (just opened last year).  The service was decent. The regular assortment of Thai dishes, maybe slightly on the small side, but prepared a notch above par. The only other thing worth noting is that the menu does not have designated spicy dishes...it would appear that almost anything can be prepared at the spiciness level you desire.
<review# 674,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/21/2012,12/19/2012,27,72,3,5,3>Silver Sage Beef cares about how their cows are raised.  At least until they butcher them and sell them to us to eat ;)  For those who care about what the beef that you are eating was fed and injected with, you should buy your beef here.  Silver Sage cattle are raised primarily on grass, but if you are specifically interested, they can detail exactly what the cattle are fed as they are raised.  They aren't fed animal by-products, and they aren't injected with synthetic hormones or theraputic antibiotics.  These guys care, and after the recent XL Foods issues, consumers are more and more starting to care more too.They do tend to sell out of popular cuts early in the day / weekend, but you can pre-reserve anything you want ahead of time.  Just pop by the booth and place an order for a future weekend, or give them an email / call.  We've found this very helpful, because showing up at an early hour on the weekend isn't something we are particularly good at.  They are also really helpful with cooking tips and recipes!Review #21 of Yelp's 30 Day Review Challenge 2012
<review# 675,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/13/2012,12/18/2012,10,49,3,3,3>Enoteca is a medium-sized wine and liquor shop on McLeod trail. I am not often that far south on McLeod Tr, but when I am, I usually stop in to browse their decent sized collection of wine. My most recent visit here was a tad disappointing, only because it seemed as though their priced had jumped up a bit, and were mostly on the steep side. However if you have a few minutes and some patience, you can definitely find a good bottle at a decent price here. I scanned the aisles up and down and picked out a Portuguese red for around $13. Turns out it was actually really good! $13 for a decent bottle of wine is a steal these days, so I was pleased. They also have a fairly large selection of beer in their cold room. Their beer prices are again slightly higher than the competition, but not by a lot, and the selection is not too bad. They seem to carry a couple of brands of both wine and beer that I have not seen in other shops, so it's worth a visit if you're looking for something totally new. Yelp 30 day challenge 7/30
<review# 676,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2012,12/17/2012,40,81,3,3,2>I don't really speak that much Italian, but I'm pretty sure Borgo is Italian for "happy stomach".  Language lessons aside, a happy stomach = happy Heather.  And, let's face it, the Calgary dining scene is filled with too many mediocre players so it's refreshing when a restaurant gets it.The hostess at the front appears less than competent at managing a line-up and actually getting the right people seated.  Luckily, her manager seemed aware of this and swooped in frequently to actually manage things and move people to tables.Our server was a pro.  He did an excellent job, was very attentive, but I don't love the obvious sell or the assumption that (as the woman) I wasn't equally a part of the decision making process (or paying for that matter). Food - I'm a huge fan of sharing and here's what we shared.Risotto balls - fantastic, rich, and decadent.Crostini with smoked chicken, apples, and pecan/maple jam - every element on this dish was perfectly executed and they all balance each other so well.Sauteed mushrooms - earthy, just do it.Beer tartare - highly recommended by our server, but my least fave appyMeatballs w/ polenta - we shared a main and this was only ok.  I didn't love the texture of the polenta, and I prefer the meatballs at Una, but the tomato sauce was amazing and lead me to believe that they have a bunch of Italian grandma's in the back toiling away at the stove.Wine list  is excellent.Don't waste your money on mediocre food or service people.  Hit up Borgo and make your own stomach happy.
<review# 677,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2012,12/16/2012,85,210,4,5,4>The Telus Convention Centre is a great venue in Calgary. I've namely been here for the Art Market in November and a seminar, but they also host numerous other big events, conferences and Christmas parties. In fact, if you want to hold a party of 1,000+ people it is one of the few central places in Calgary available.It's very accessible, right on the c-train line and along Macleod Trail. One minor thing that drives me crazy is that if they don't have a big conference going on, they lock all the doors except the ones from Stephen Avenue so you have to walk half way around the building to get in.There are a variety of rooms and open spaces so it will accommodate many different types of events. Catering is awesome - at the seminar I went to they had an asian-themed lunch, which was easy to accommodate dietary restrictions as well.It's also right on Stephen Ave (if you didn't glean that from my comments above) so at lunch you could wander down the street and find a restaurant or coffee shop if you didn't want what is provided.Review #24 of Yelp's 30 Day Challenge 2012
<review# 678,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2012,12/15/2012,115,261,2,2,4>Super cute coffee place in Fashion Central! After my brow wax, I wanted a warm beverage and was planning to hit up a nearby Starbucks. I was about to walk outside when I spotted deVille out of the corner of my eye, and decided to try it out. I ordered a chocolate latte ($5) and was pleasantly surprised to find a design in the foam - I've always seen this but never got one! It was really tasty. I also noticed they serve a variety of food items and are licensed to sell alcohol. They have a sign above the till saying they make a great spot for a private party - love it!!
<review# 679,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2012,12/14/2012,40,98,3,6,5>Someone who knows me would say I'm obsessed with animals. I'm the annoying person who takes pictures of them and send them to anyone on my contact list who cares. I can have a whole conversation on the adorable things animals do, and so on.My senstitivity to animals was cultivated at a young age, and to this day, I'm a bit paranoid with how 'I think(in my head)' they feel. So, when one day, Larry, the Jack Russel Terrier I had been sitting for two years had a lump in his fur, I panicked, like 'oh my god, it's cancer!' based on the diagnosis I googled.I decided to take Larry to his vet, and he goes to the Glamorgan Vet Clinic. I was able to get an appointment by the next day, and the staff at the clinic were very courteous of my not so calm self. Dr. MacAulay was SO kind, and so calming, that I felt better as soon as he entered the room. He was thorough in examining Larry, and was very gentle with him, which is important to me. He went over his history and answered all of my paranoid questions, and told me Larry likely has a cyst, and no, it wasn't cancer. he let me listen to his heart with his stethoscope and told me if I had any questions that I could call them anytime. He also told me that on certain months, they offer discount services to their clients, which was nice of him to let me know.I was so impressed with his knowledge and kind manner, that I dont care where I live, I'd drive to see him next time I get a pet of my own.If you love you some animals, like I love all the ones I have in my life, then you can trust this clinic 100%.
<review# 680,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2012,12/13/2012,93,149,5,8,5>I must admit, I was holding a little bit of a grudge against you, Anejo.You don't take reservations (fine, understandably, lots of places don't), but when I was scuppered showing up at 7:00 on a Friday to put my name down for a table, to find you don't even do a wait list then told to come back in 2 hours and try again then.No thanks.But I really like margaritas, so I suggested attempting to try my luck here on Thursday at 5:00 pm with a smaller group of friends.Our table was right next to the shared entrance with Towa, thankfully it is a sheltered entrance so you aren't buffeted by arctic breezes every time someone enters.We were seated along the long bench which was extremely comfy, I wanted to take an after work siesta.One of the ex-contestants off of the bachelor Canada walked in, I didn't know who she was. So therefore I can conclude that Anejo brings in the Canadian reality celebrities, I was anxious to see if Kalan Porter or Evan from Road Rules would walk in next.Our server was really friendly and entertaining, he applauded my drinking, which probably isn't a good thing for me. Us ladies all dived into the margarita menu, and I had to go for the classic, I wish there was more salt on the rim, but it was really tasty. Anejo's margaritas are not blended, which makes for a quick drink. Our server then informed me they do doubles, so double classic margaritas it was for me (I spent just under $40 on 3 margaritas)!We ordered the guacamole and fire roasted salsa for the table, which are made (you guessed it) table side! It was nice, but it didn't seem to make that much, considering how large the serving vessels are, 5 of us ate it up very quickly. Maybe we were just super hungry?Then it was time for the mains, I tried the feature taco which was crispy pork belly, these were simply some of the most mouth watering, taco goodness I have consumed. $17 for 3 tacos, I think it's about $14 for 3 if you order off the regular taco selections, but I don't care that I paid almost $20 bucks for mini flour half wraps, cause they were SO GOOD.For those with a gluten sensitivity they do offer corn tortillas upon request.I then further indulged and was the only one at the table who ordered a dessert, I had to try the molten chocolate cake. This dessert does take a little longer which is fine, except the rest of my party had to leave so I was left drinking my last double margarita and cramming molten chocolate and raspberry goodness into my face with just one friend left.So, all in all, I really enjoyed my meal and experience. My one friend who did not order tacos, got the ahi tuna, said it was pretty tough, but If I do come back and decide to venture away from tacos, I'll probably try their mac and cheese and do some tequila sipping off the menu.You redeemed yourself Anejo!and it's my last review of the 30 day challenge!!! YAYReview #30 of Yelp's 30 Day Challenge
<review# 681,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/12/2012,12/12/2012,47,97,2,4,4>Review #8 of Yelp's 30 Day Challenge 2012.Food: 3.5/5Atmosphere: 3.5/5Service: 4/5Overall experience: 3.5/5(1- Terrible; 3- decent; 5- Fantastic)My first visit for dinner was about half a year ago. I had very high expectations because of the buzz surrounding Notable, but I left very disappointed with an overcooked lamb dish. Fast forward to this weekend, I decided to give this place one more try. Half of the seats are for reservations, which I HIGHLY recommend for the weekend and the rest is for walk-ins with wait times of at least 1 hour if you arrive past 6PM. The restaurant has a classy yet casual and home-like feel to it with mood lighting that makes it a great place for a date. Another highlight is their open kitchen concept where you can watch the chefs grill your meat with their rotisserie grill or stare in awe at executive chef Michael Noble. However, the most detracting thing about the restaurant was the waiting area where guests would crowd around the front entrance and close to the kitchen area. If I had a table close to the door, I would be peeved off at others "intruding" on my meal.The servers were very friendly and knowledgeable of the wine and food.The menu is divided up into a few sections. They have their seasonal dishes with wine pairings; sharing plates that can either be a taster/appetizer size ($8-$20) or a main ($15-$30); and entrees (chicken, lamb, salmon, beef) from their recognizable rotisserie grill ($30-$40).  Drinks are fairly expensive and subpar with cocktails from $10-$12 (1.5oz).I found that I was more impressed and satisfied with Notable's appetizers than their entrees which seemed pedestrian. For $30+ a plate, I expected more grandeur flavours and techniques. On the plus side, the portions are fairly large and the ingredients were fresh.Appetizers:- If you plan on going to Notable this month I highly recommend the seasonal appetizer, "Queen Charlotte black cod Lobster with mushroom duxelle (mixture of various mushrooms) and mushroom consommé" ($18). It was presented beautifully with a creamy puree underneath the cod lobster to cut the saltiness of the mushroom duxelle.- "Artisan greens salad, house pickled vegetables, Provencale dressing" ($9) is not worth getting because of the small portion size and the lack of various pickled vegetables. However, it was well dressed and the dressing had a well balanced tang to it.- The "Wood fire-grilled bread with garlic confit" ($6/taster; $10/main) turned out to be slightly burnt, soggy, and limp. Additional dips such as the overly salty "black olive, sundried tomato & basil tapenade" are $4.- "Seared East Coast scallops" ($20/taster; $32/main). For a taster size, you receive one abnormally large scallop with a grilled romaine heart sprinkled with bacon bits, cheese, and a bacon & caper dressing. On its own, the scallop was really salty and didn't have a nice sear on it. Would NOT recommend.- I highly recommend "Ravioli of confit chicken, roast mushrooms, Boursin cheese" to share ($16 taster/ $24 main). The taster size comes with about six raviolis filled with flavourful tender chicken, immersed in a delicious buttery cream sauce. I wanted to lick the plate! Pasta was a perfect al dente.Entrees:- My friend ordered the "Wood-grilled swordfish" ($34) on top of wilted spinach and sugary glazed fingerling potatoes. If you haven't had swordfish before, now may be the time to try it since it was cooked fairly well here. Expect a meatier and denser textured fish with a mild taste. A spicy panaag curry sauce added an extra kick. - I ordered the "Grilled AB Bison flank, with bing cherry & walnut butter" ($32). There was an ample amount of bison grilled to a perfect medium rare. If you've never had bison before, the meat is leaner and tastes gamier than beef. Due to the cut the meat, it was somewhat tough, but flavourful with a nutty note from the brown butter.Dessert:- I decided to try their signature dessert, "Stilton Cheesecake" bruleed, with a rhubarb compote ($9). Although I hate blue cheese, I decided to try it because it was a signature dish and my server said they only added a 'hint' of stilton. If you love blue cheese I highly recommend this dessert. The blue cheese flavor is delicate and the texture of the cheesecake was extremely moist and creamy. Great dessert, but I couldn't handle that much blue cheese.Overall, I feel that Notable is slightly overrated. I had a decent time and the food was mediocre to good, but nothing to rave about. Nonetheless, it is still worth checking out. Just be sure to make reservations and expect to pay a hefty price for dinner.
<review# 682,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2012,12/11/2012,5,69,1,3,2>This place is simply uber kewl!!!I have gone in there quite a few times over the years. Whether it is using it to accessorize my pad with unique things/trinkets. Or getting a very unique purchase for someone else. Also, fun to just browse.Recently, I purchased my nephews 6th b'day gifts here. Got him 4 small gifts, all for under $22(including the neat/retro gift bag). Their small(but varied) toy section is chalk full of the neatest, kewlest & most amazing gifts. Alot are retro...harkening back to the 50's. Mixed in with an assortment of newer ones. Heck it's just fun to browse through & perhaps even purchase things for myself! I think everyone should appeal to/never lose, the child within! I got him a: retro robot graphic pencil case, teeny tiny mini bottle with a pre-historic shark tooth, itty bitty seashell & a small box of pizza scented scratch & sniff stickers. They also had very unique gift cards, that I recommend people considering(a teensy bit pricey for my extremely limited budget, but well worth it). To complete it, I got a cute lil' gift bag. At home, I wrote out a hand written note for him. Explaining each gift & their meaning. And how, "When I was about 3 yrs older than him, I used to collect scratch & sniff stickers" etc. Well, he absolutely loooooved his gifts!!In the store, of coarse, there are other types of items. Make sure to check out the hand crafted, gorgeous jewelry, quite the selection. Their book selection, while not massive, is one of a kind too. Even their welcome mats (usually found out in front of the store sorta/kinda on the sidewalk).It can be a tiny bit tricky to navigate through the store. There is alot in the aisles etc. Although, I "am" a bit of a curvier woman ;0).On top of that, the staff has always been super at packaging things. A few times I had to ask on my own. But, this visit the gal went out of her way to find special wrapping stuff to put around each item that was fragile. Way to go!!The only reason I did not give it the full 5 stars is...on my extremely limited budget, the prices on some things are a bit out of my range. Granted, some items warrant the price & are rare to find. But some of the jewelry, necklaces etc, are a pretty good deal for sure.All in all, this place is fun to browse through! A great "go-to" place(to quote Allison S's first sentence of her review) for awesome unique new/retro gifts, for kids of all ages & anyone else. A must for y'all to check out ;0).
<review# 683,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2012,12/10/2012,68,46,2,4,2>I had an unfortunate event this summer, that resulted in a painful back injury. Not exactly the kind of thing anyone wants to deal with. After a few appointments with my doctor, asking various people for recommendations, I decided that athletic therapy would be my best bet and help get me up and running the most quickly.My initial contact with Alpine Sport Therapy was over the phone. They asked me a bunch of questions about what I was in need of, what challenges I was having, etc. Very thorough. It is obvious that they care about their clients and want to ensure a good fit for a working team.I was very impressed on my first visit with Kristin (the therapist I work with) - she asked a lot of questions and spent a great deal of time observing my movement & assessing my needs. I was stunned at how long my first few appointments were. Definitely no rushing!Kristin has taken a great deal of time to develop and tweak exercise/stretching routines to help me regain mobility. I have steadily been improving in my strength and range of motion. She makes sure that I am challenged enough that I am constantly moving forward, without causing further injury to myself.It is a comfortable place to be! Lots of friendly banter, as appropriate. It is not a cold & sterile practice, but one filled with smiles and laughter. This is important to me, as it makes it easier to want to go - normally I dread any kind of medical type appointment.Bonus is that they are punctual! I have never been stuck waiting around in a waiting room after my appointment should have started.While I would never hope that someone would be faced with an injury, however if it does happen, I could not recommend a better place for assistance in your recovery.
<review# 684,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2012,12/9/2012,26,47,3,7,3>Review #6 of Yelp's 30 Day Challenge 2012This place never fails to bring back memories of my childhood when I'd man (and most of the time munch on what I was selling) our own bakery in the Philippines during summer. The smell of freshly baked bread in this place is enough for me to forget that I'm supposed to be on a low-carb diet. Just thinking about those freshly-baked ensaymada and spanish bread is making my mouth water. If you don't know what I'm talking about I suggest you start driving to Loriz and be ready to enjoy some buttery, sugar-dusted bread.  This is my go to place for most of the Filipino treats I crave every now and then. Aside from fresh bread, they sell a variety of Filipino products from instant noodles to juices to processed meat to chips to snacks to pasta sauces and some other stuff that even I'm not familiar with. Aside from how close this place is to my house and the aroma of fresh bread, I think I keep going back to Loriz a lot because it makes me feel like I'm actually in Manila where you'll see several bakeries and convenience stores (or we call them sari-sari store) in one street and you know almost everyone who comes to the store.
<review# 685,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2012,12/8/2012,53,334,,7,2>I've really enjoyed this place. Firstly I should tell you I read past reviews so the 4 times I have been here has only been lunch time on Sat or Sun, never gone on a busy night and after talking to a manager and finding out the capacity is 500 and they fill to 500 on Friday and Sat nights with most people just standing I'll stay away when it is busy.The food was really great. I had the spicy tuna wrap and another night got the fish tacos. The sides are great. Yummy homemade mac and cheese (the really good kind with green peppers and onions) poutine, perfectly cooked McCain's plank cut yam fries (the best type of frozen yam fries on the market and better than most fresh homemade ones; they are crispy) that were perfectly cooked and seasoned with sea salt. The dessert was also excellent - I had the toffee pudding, sweet but not too sweet.and I save the best for last: the beer.HUGE selection, most beers on tap of any bar in Canada. Many craft beers, and many really great promotions (such as the Belgium paddle with Stella, Hoegaarden, and Leffe for $7.25 and a free collector glass of one of those beers). I looked online and to buy a Leffe glass was $14+$20 shipping, so your basically being paid to drink by getting that special. Oh and if your looking for a good local beer try Village Brewery, right here in Calgary Craft Beer Market is one of the few places with Village on tap. It's good. Think the Steamwhistle of Calgary.Lastly I must say the marketing materials are great; the menus, magazine ads, transit signs are done beautifully with thought and detail. Read the footer of the menu for instance; they use little jokes and quotes to get their policies across.  It's nice to see a bar take pride in their marketing materials.
<review# 686,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2012,12/7/2012,100,342,4,7,4>IN LOVE! First this review comes with a slight disclaimer. I had been day drinking before coming here for some eats. It was delicious. I have been meaning to try this place, and seeing as they can do GF, I was definitely in. I didn't realize it was set up like a fast food joint, which made it more awesome, cuz it's quick and you don't have to make it a sit down meal. We did though. Being that it was a gorgeous night out, that patio was full, so we sat inside, which does have a fair amount of space. I ordered a GF cheese burger with pickles and ketchup. Not that I will eat much different from that when it comes to burgers, it's still nice you can pick your toppings as NO extra cost. And the fries were fantastic! Just the right amount of salt, good flavour and not too greasy. Our bill which included my GF burger with cheese, the hubs burger and fries was $19. Which for good "fast food" it's the same price as a crappy burger joint. So ya, if you want an awesome burger, come check it out.
<review# 687,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2012,12/6/2012,11,29,2,4,2>Went here with two vegan friends and we all loved it! The food is delicious and seems like it's made right when you order it. The one negative thing is the styrofoam dinnerware and plastic cutlery. So as I mentioned, I went with two friends who are vegans, which means I get the meat dish all to myself! Muahahaha. We got veggie samosas which where brought out while piping hot accompanied by two sauces. We could have stopped eating after those, but of course we didn't.The rest of the food was just as fantastic. I had a lamb dish (Saag Gosht) and it was sooo good! nice juicy pieces of lamb in a great curry sauce. The Bharta we ordered was devoured by us all! Chappati is also a nice alternative to naan. Very similar, but not as heavy. One dish my friends ordered and forgot to mention no dairy, since cream was used and they had no problem taking it back and making another one at no cost! I think I may have found my indian takeout place for awhile.
<review# 688,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2012,12/5/2012,48,224,2,2,2>love coming to cracovia on the weekends mostly because of their schnitzel for 3.00.friendly staff, but gets very busy.   They don't have their hot food during the week, which I sadly found out on a weekday when I was craving some perogy and schnitzel.
<review# 689,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2012,12/4/2012,45,205,3,4,3>Reading some of the other reviews, I assumed I was going to walk into a hole in the wall....maybe this speaks of my standards, but I though that although simple and small, Mirchi is pretty  clean and decently decorated. The place was pretty busy when we got there, but we were given a seat promptly and some menus and water right away. I cant believe how cheap Mirchi is...My friend ordered the Chicken Biryani..only $8 that day and the portion was huge. I stole a couple bites..it had big chunks of chicken and was spicy as hell! Im not complaining, but Im a wimp when it comes to spice.I ordered the Butter Chicken. It was rich and creamy. It wasnt overly tomato-y which I like. Ive had some BC that taste like theyve dumped a can of Campbell's in the mix..disgusting. A smaller portion was served, but still filling...and spicy! I didnt expect it to be, but it was..so a warning for those who are wimps like me.The naan was the most perfect bread I have ever tasted. Light and crispy, with lots of garlic. I would go back just to order those alone.Next time, Ill order in and use yogurt to cool the flavours down for my "delicate" palate.
<review# 690,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2012,12/3/2012,65,117,5,6,5>Downtown Food is an unassuming place smack in the middle of 8th Ave between 5th and 6th street.You'll have to look hard for the little place with the high white chairs and the home-cured 777 bacon; but it will be worth the work because Downtown Food delivers on it's promise to provide local, fresh, organic dishes lovingly well.The lunch crowd is steady here, so if you want beer and vodka battered fish with sparkling wine in the mid-afternoon, go early or late because Downtown Food is packed with architects and businesswomen - making it harder to get a table.What you should do is go for dinner - or even better - go for the relatively unknown tapas hour from 3 to 6 pm and experience little Asian-meets-French food wonders like crispy pork wontons washed down with a warm, creamy beer.Should you get caught up in the wine and the conversation and stay past 6, you'll get to try chicken liver mousse off the dinner menu, which is a fluffy slash creamy delight that you'll have to be careful not to horde. In a nice departure from Calgary's recent, and sometimes annoying, "we don't take reservations" trend; Downtown Food lets you reserve your table, either online or by phone. A nice touch if you were wondering in a pinch where to take your date to eat before the show.Downtown Food is simple and straightforward; the service attentive; the space comfortable and intimate; and its food fresh and bright with just the right hint of love; making this modern bistro a pretty little jewel for the food lover in all of us.T.
<review# 691,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/21/2012,12/2/2012,52,76,2,2,3>Had the opportunity to check this place out for lunch today!Just a tiny little restaurant on the corner of 8th street and 4th ave it is not hard to miss however the first thing that was a downer about this place is the parking lot. It is really tiny and if the parking lot is full you have to some how figure out how to reverse onto traffic lol.We had a huge group of about 24-30 people (it was a celebration for a complete project at work). This is the best time to see how well a service can be when a group is this large.They did a fantastic job in making sure everyone had beverages and although the food took a little longer to get out (with so many of us there together) they did as best of a job as they could and I cannot fault them for that.Bruschetta to start followed by a nice hand made bun pre-cut and ready for the butter. Delicious!I ordered the Pollo Parmiagano (spelling fail) which came covered in a nice rich tomato sauce. I thought the overall dish was good but I think I have had better at many other restaurants but please note it didn't suck it just wasn't as great as I have had before.I finished off my meal with a Tiramisu which I thought was tasty and satisfying!
<review# 692,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/23/2012,12/1/2012,5,15,,2,2>Definitely enjoyed popping into this place to catch up with an old friend a few weeks back.Cool atmosphere, feels as though it may have been blessed by hippies and druids at one point. But it all fits together and we weren't made uncomfortable and the friendliness of the employees was great.Overwhelming wall of tea, that is broken down so nicely on the labels that you can definitely find something that will fit your tastes whether they be adventurous or not. Even had Earl Grey for my British Friend. ("Do you have REAL tea?")Only thing that keeps it from five stars was that the live music was WAY to loud. Should have been light gentle acoustic but instead the amplifiers were pretty dang loud causing us to have to lean in a lot to chat and a lot of 'What did you say'? But until they started playing we were really enjoying the feel.Parking is a bit of a pain but I won't hold that against them. Definitely will pop back in next time I'm in the area.
<review# 693,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2012,11/30/2012,2,14,2,4,3>Work lunch, was going to go for Pho, but turned on Yelp (love the Monocle) and discovered this little gem. You don't find a lot of authentic Indonesian restaurants and this one is very good Indonesian fare. Nothing fancy but the decor is nice and the place is very clean. We were hungry so we ordered the Satay Ayam, Beef Rendang, Nasi Goreng, Coconut rice, and a side of the homemade Sambal. That was enough food for the two of us, with second helpings.The young man at the front desk was very helpful and friendly, the owner came out to deliver a dish and chatted for a bit, very friendly and happy that we were enjoying the food.Will definitely come back again soon, and even take home some of the authentic spices, condiments and delicacies they have for purchase.
<review# 694,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2012,11/29/2012,20,68,,2,2>Honestly, this restaurant does not look very appealing but is one of my favorite places for dim sum without paying an arm and a leg for.  Make sure to get a table near the front part of the restaurant otherwise you'll need to wait for the carts to make it around you.  This is also one of the few restaurants that I enjoy dining at for dim sum and also dinner.
<review# 695,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2012,11/28/2012,48,110,,6,3>My favourite shop in Inglewood. The bbq rubs are fantastic - elevates my chicken, ribs and steaks. Great blend of flavours and it keeps the juices inside the meat. Each container cost about $6.99, a dollar less if you don't need the glass container. I've also picked up some vanilla beans, 3 long stems for $11.00. Prices are reasonable once you realize Safeway is charging way more for way less quality. Staff have always been very helpful, though it gets very busy on the weekend.
<review# 696,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2012,11/27/2012,137,253,4,4,5>The Globe is closing soon, but it's a legend in Calgary for good reason.  Like the Plaza in Kensington, this smaller venue in the heart of the city has always been a magnet for artistic and alternate cinema.  It's usually one of the homes of the Calgary Film Festival, not to mention the place to go for those low budget films that are usually considered to be sacrificed by Hollywood to fulfill a legal requirement for distribution.This is one of those places that had decent popcorn at only crazy inflated prices, and not lunatic fringe prices.  This older theatre offers 2 screens with slightly uncomfortable seats (but decent leg space) and a sound system with a slightly tinny sound.  The seats though, being close and cozy as they are, it's probably a decent date place to go where you can reach over to your date and hug comfortably.  Also, since it operates mostly at night, thanks to the relatively deadness of parts of downtown Calgary, parking on the street is usually pretty easy to find.Movies on some nights would be seriously discounted, and you always see a decent movie though not with the full 2,5 mile long screen experience with 3D holograms asking you if they can massage you all the while.  What you see is what you get, a theatre circa 1970s, a place to enjoy a movie inexpensively (the $10 Tuesday deal is really quite good.)What else is there really to say?  #17 of Yelp's 30-Day Review Challenge
<review# 697,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/1/2012,11/26/2012,42,163,3,3,3>There are times in a lucky man's life when he feels complete.  The times when everything just seems perfect and nothing is needed.  Some feel it when they marry.  Some feel it when they get their dream job.  I feel it when I'm drunk or when I run across BBQ meat.  As a real Albertan, I always smile and salivate at the thought of meat.  Jojo's was across the street so I did a Wizard of Oz skip to it.  I decided on the Sloppy Jojo's, a mixture of pulled pork and beef brisket on a bun.  It was great.  Tender, delicious, juicy and  fresh.  The only thing that needs to be changed would be to grill the bun first to keep the meat from making it a little soggy.  It wasn't big, but the good news is that they also had griddle mac n' cheese on the menu.  Wow.  That was some good stuff.  Rustic, fresh and made with real cheese.Meat lovers : This is a great place to try if you want a satisfying lunch.
<review# 698,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2012,11/25/2012,56,63,3,5,6>Gee Gong is hands down one of my favourite hole-in-the-wall destinations for one thing - Peking Duck. The first time Gee Gong was recommended to me, it was from a friend from work that handed me a hastily scrawled name and address on a scrap piece of paper with a simple tip, "Get the duck special."For less than $30 you will be well fed, starting with the traditional thinly sliced duck meat with it's sinfully crispy and slightly fatty skin. Accompanied by a plate of fresh wrappers, cucumber, green onion and hoisin sauce, you will be a very happy person in short time.As you are finishing the first round, you will be hit with a barrage of food, featuring duck including a simple soup with greens and a mound of duck fried rice with the usual additions like shrimp, peas, a little pineapple etc.Your breath will not be taken away when you visit Gee Gong, and frankly, its something I come to expect from a place that has surprises up its sleeve in the form of honest, non-pretentious Chinese food for the people. The service is friendly and fast and the teapot is always full. I love this place for what it is.
<review# 699,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/15/2012,11/24/2012,194,334,2,7,1>Well, I am surprised that I am reviewing this restaurant with three stars, based on everything I heard about it....My first experience with Brazilian BBQ was in Dallas Texas on a business trip, and I was absolutely blown away by the coolness of the experience, and the quality and variety of meats.Brazilian BBQ is a neat experience no matter where you have it.  You have an indicator on the table that tells the servers to keep bringing you meat.  When you are full or need a breather, you flip it over to alert the server not to put anything else under your nose.  It is a very cool concept indeed.For some time now, it was on my list to try the Brazilian BBQ restaurants here, and Gaucho I had heard the most raves about, so on a blistery day on July, I saught out to see what all the hype was about, and also to relive my extremely positive Texas experience.Well.......In my opinion, what was working:- Ambiance was cool and rugged- Salad bar was fantastic- The parmesan beef was to DIE for- Second on my to-die-for list was the garlic beef- Price was reasonable.  $35 for all you can eat per person is a bargain in this city.In my opinion, what was not working:- Other than the two outstanding meats listed above, the rest were either okay, or overcooked- Chicken was dry.  Sausages were dry.- Waiter was tough to nail down to pay and leave.  The restaurant was busy, but not packed, so I don't think my expectations were out of line.This restaurant is a hit with most people, so I am not sure if the few overdone meat pieces was an off day, or whether I was comparing it to my previous experience in the states where everything was a "mind-blowing OMG" whenever they came around.  However, the only two pieces of meat that were juicy and flavorful by my standards were the two above in my list.  The chicken wings and sausages were dry.  The rest was okay (the rest though.... was 11 additional different flavors of meat),  It was meat.... :)If a group was going back there for a party or an experience, I would go.  For the "experience" I would recommend it, and for the price.  However, if someone was looking for a quality meat experience, I would share what is above.  They are going to be blown away by a few pieces, and will likely fill up on the rest.  I will give it an A-OK based on my past experience.  However, I recognize due to the uniqueness why it is getting 5 stars everywhere.
<review# 700,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2012,11/23/2012,429,445,16,17,16>November Challenge -  2/30The last couple of birthdays I've had were thrown together haphazardly at the last minute. This year, since I was turning the age I always introduced myself as when I was pretending to be a teacher at six years old, I decided a little more effort was necessary. So a month prior, I was on the phone with Anju and their awesome manager, Diane. At first I was hesitant; Anju has a policy that large groups must do the tasting menu and now, since one of the tasting menu items requires 24 hours of prep, a credit card number has to be given so that they don't eat the cost of the food in case you decide to bail for whatever reason. While I am more than sympathetic to that plight, all I could think was:FUUUUUU. I need to treat this reservation like I'm organizing a wedding dinner!So I was on the phone for three weeks; yelling at friends, sewing voodoo dolls together, making sure that everyone who said, "yeah, sure" was saying a definite, "fuck, yeah!" Especially because not only were they creating a feast that required 24 hours of prep, they were creating unique tofu dishes especially for me. And not many places in the city - unless they are catering specifically to vegetarians - will do that for you, so every time I thought about it, a smile crept along my face.Anju only has one area that was large enough to accomodate my party of 20: A long table in their room that faces the open kitchen. This meant that some of my friends that didn't really know each other were going to have to get better acquainted, and that some of us weren't going to be able to talk to each other unless I went up and down the table and hugged everyone (which I did!). Service was first-class from start to finish, with Diane and her army of adorable servers making sure everyone was well accommodated and looked after, especially this vegan and my friend that has a gluten allergy. She was way more vigilant than I was (especially after a couple of Matchatinis) and quickly whisked away a plate that I had absentmindedly put a sauce on, that contained seafood ingredients. Thanks!Appetizers were their famous tofu puffs (made vegan and gluten-free for my friend and I), edamame and oysters. I eat edamame at home all day long, but Anju's were easily the best edamame I have ever put in my mouth. In fact, there was a lot of that sentiment going around at the table:"This is the best edamame I have ever put in my mouth.""These are the best oysters I have ever had.""Oh my God, what is this... it's TOFU?! I HATE TOFU! OH MY GOD I LOVE THIS TOFU."When I checked in with the Yelp app, I was given the opportunity to purchase a round of Soju shots for the entire table and a complimentary appetizer. The Soju comes in different flavors, and my choice, the Passionfruit, I would definitely recommend getting again. Like slaking back a shotglass of sunshine! Since I had read many amazing things about Anju's truffled sweet potato fries, I went ahead and asked for those, and was not disappointed. Fries are my favorite food, especially sweet potato fries, and now Anju has probably spoiled me from eating them anywhere else. Next came the Gochujang Wings (and a tofu version for me). I grew up on Korean food (it's how my parents met - my Mom was a waitress at a Korean restaurant and my Dad owned the bar above it), so my standards for Korean fare are high. The Gochujang Tofu wings tasted just how my Mom might make them, although definitely with more kick. In fact, I think I might like them better than my Mom's? Don't tell her. The main course: Braised Pork Shoulder Lettuce Wraps (and Tofu Steak Lettuce Wraps for me!). There is never a delicate way to eat Romaine lettuce wraps. Sauce and food will get all over your arms all the way to your elbows. Anju had posted a photo on Instagram earlier that day, showing us the pork shoulder being prepared, so I was surrounded by friends drooling in anticipa---------------tion. It was quickly devoured and inhaled, sauce was all over our arms and zero fucks were given because you were happy to lick that sauce off your arms! Happy! Sad that some could not lick it off their own elbows!I can ;).I was already rubbing my belly and ready for a couple of winks, before dancing later that night, when dessert finally came. No overly ostentatious plates of chocolate something, that was thawed out from a box and drowning in sauce and whipped cream: dessert was simply Melona ice cream bars (and a bowl of fruit for me). Sure, my bowl of fruit was probably cocktail garnishes, but cocktail garnishes are delicious! Seriously, the perfect end to a decadent meal that two weeks later, my friends are still talking about. Later on that night, I saw Anju tweet hi-fives to their staff for seamlessly serving our large group. They were well-deserved hi-fives. This was the best birthday dinner I have ever had. Thanks, Anju! And thanks, Diane! You are a lady and a scholar.300th REVIEW! :D
<review# 701,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/21/2012,11/22/2012,138,614,2,4,2>Our whole purpose of going out this Sunday was to check out this Latin Market on Northmount Dr NW. What a great stop it was!This store is primarily Mexican, the decor was cool and if you need a tortilla press or pinata this place is for you!The owner is SO nice and if you are nice to her, maybe you will get a complimentary taste of her guacamole!They are set up to have lunch daily, Saturdays being very busy we were told. There are a few seats at the window inside or you can take your food to go. They cook in the back and the owner advised that she used only the freshest of ingredients.You will not find fresh plantains for sale as she does not want little fruit flies in her shop. Good call but we were actually looking to buy plantains.Some Venezuelan products were found prepped in the fridge (Arepas and Tequenos) as well as Chilean Empanadas. You take them home and just fry them/bake them. It is not the biggest Latin market I have seen in Calgary but there are a few shelves lined with jars and cans, tortilla chips, sodas, rice. Prices were on par with the rest of Calgary, lots of imported goodies!We did buy a bag full of stuff including Mexican Oregano which is supposed to be the bomb and once you use it you will never go back to anything else comparable!One wall had a nice assortment of dried chiles and other cool spices, right up my alley.The shop was clean and appeared to be very well organized. The owner was interesting and seemed to know her stuff as a self professed foodie. We will be back as often as we can!
<review# 702,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/23/2012,11/20/2012,190,342,4,7,4>Yay, finally made it back to Cibo for their happy hour! Ordered 2 $5 pizzas and dang the dough was just as good as I remembered! :) hehe.That dough is sooooo yummy... crispy and chewy..... hmmmm!The bacon salami pizza was yummy. Go Try the Pizza!I also tried their Gnocchi another time and just to warn people, it's not your normal gnocchi... it literally is a potato dough dumpling, shaped almost like a gyoza! hehe.
<review# 703,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2012,11/19/2012,23,14,3,4,4>After reading some good reviews on yelp, a few friends and I decided to give Khao San Thai Kitchen a try, and boy were we not disappointed. I never went to the space when it was Jaro Blue, however, the current, new restaurant is sleek, upscale and cozy looking without looking too dark or stuffy. We ordered a round of drinks from the smiling server (Singapore sling, Mojito, Caesar, and a glass of white wine, all pretty good), and  were then overwhelmed by the options on the menu. So many curries, noodle dishes, appetizers, salads and veggie dishes to choose from, all sounding and, with wafts from the kitchen, smelling delicious. We settled on the papaya salad and the scallops to start, followed by a green currie with chicken, the pad thai, the drunken "fried spaghetti", and two bowls of coconut rice. The scallops came in soup spoons and were cooked to buttery perfection and the papaya salad was a refreshing way to start the meal. By the time the entrees came out, we were looking forward to eating it all. The curry was flavourful, with just the right amount of spice (though I may ask for a bit spicer next time, clearly I wasn't sweating enough...), and the pad thai had big shrimp and a nice flavour, complimented with crushed peanuts on the plate. I think the "fried spaghetti" was my favourite dish, an interesting cross between western spaghetti and seafood pad thai, with thickish noodles, a nice sauce, and a mix of vegetables and seafood (shrimp, mussels, squid). If Khao San Thai Kitchen was but a little closer to my work lunch walking radius, I would definitely be there for lunch once a week. I'll definitely be back for dinner to try more of their menu and perhaps squeeze in a dessert or two. Three cheers for quality Thai food on 17th avenue!
<review# 704,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2012,11/18/2012,41,412,3,5,4>The service in this place is just  Excellent!!.. And the food is  incredible Delicious!!... I had the ceviche and the "lomo salteado". Both were AWESOME!!...  I was told the ceviche was offered only on thursdays, fridays and saturdays. Additionally, the drinks are  Great  and the prices very reasonable...I just wish they would have more Peruvian sea food, but unfortunately it is very hard to find fresh sea food in Calgary. I guess that's why they do not offer all the Peruvian dishes we can find in other cities....
<review# 705,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2012,11/17/2012,25,76,6,3,2>MEEEAAATTTTTTTT..*nom nom nom nom* ..fast forward 2 hours....cold seats, hot sweats, MEAT SWEATS...face in hands..dyin..Yup - welcome to my first experience at Bolero and a massive lesson in OVER INDULGENCE. I knew it would happen and I had others warn me - but once that juicy BBQ meat starts rolling by the tables...YOU.CANNOT.SAY.NO. It almost feels forbidden to say no.Prior to jumping over to Chinook for a 10:30pm movie, 10 of us decided to try Bolero as it has tempted us for ages. We enter the cool, dark atmosphere to be seated quickly by a lovely host, followed by drink orders and an "explanation" of how this place works.You can buy the 40$ "all you can eat meat", and a couple other items built for sissys and vegetarians..clearly we're here for the AYCE. We start with the "salad bar" which wasn't the most amazing looking bar. Scarce vegetables, weird vegetables, and a couple pots of "cafeteria stews". I barely picked anything to avoid spoiling the meat fiesta to begin.The meat begins to arrive (we're told that there are 17 different skewers *gasp* "17" we all say), and the fun begins. Tenderloin, tenderloin wrapped in bacon - seriously folks, wrapped in bacon, sirloin, fish, chicken, the kitchen sink, blueberry sugared grapefruit and of course the beloved PINEAPPLE. The pineapple was warm and cinnamoned (not a word), and a nice cleanser between too much meat. There were also ribs, sausage and lamb. Even taking a small portion of each, we couldn't try them all...stuffed to the top like a Christmas turkey. All of it was juicy, tender, bbqed, and delicious. One complaint is that a couple items came by 2, then 3 times before others even came once for us to try.I believe they offered dessert, but seriously - ridiculous after the 18 cows the 10 of us ate in one sitting. Service was quite good and attentive, restaurant was very cool and casual, and pricing was awesome - 40$ for AYCE tenderloin..seriously deadly...off to the movie...*sweats begin*..regret sets in...how do I get out of the center row seat? - I'm stuck...suffer it out...eff.
<review# 706,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2012,11/16/2012,130,261,6,5,3>Had the opportunity a few months back to visit K-Pub with a friend of mine who is a regular patron. I have to say, it did kind of change the experience a little bit to sit right up at the bar, while he chatted up the bartender and the brews kept flowing. It's probably just my imagination, but it was almost a little sitcom-y. (Given our conversation topics, think Seinfeld, really). Sitting at the bar also allows you to meet very interesting characters. For example, sometimes dudes who look exactly like Sean Penn who keep asking if your synthetic peacock feather in your hair is a pheasant when it is clearly a peacock, in order to make a conversation. The beer selection is the same pretty generic stuff as always, but at least it's not pretentious. Given other options in Kensington that I would never visit, K-Pub is a pretty solid place for a drink or three. Especially if you are as depressing as me and like to drink excessively on week days to beat the crowds. Much quieter here during the week than on any given Friday or Saturday evening. *Review 13/30 for Yelp's 30 Day Challenge 2012
<review# 707,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2012,11/15/2012,266,478,5,5,5>Nothing says low-key like having your restaurant in the deep pocket of the North of Calgary in an area where people have to boil their water, or so I've heard. But kudos to Sabahat Supreme for organizing this UYE because Lord knows I rarely have time to commit to these UYE's lately, but when SABZ puts one on, you know it's a party!The decor of the restaurant is unpretentious. It's simple and doesn't try to establish a dining feel but the open kitchen is quite welcoming. There is a massive sign above showing the various feature dishes to give you an idea of what you'll be ordering.I ordered their Turkish tea, stuffed eggplant, and baklava. The tea was alright but the eggplant, which was served with freshly prepared rice and salad, was exquisite and delectable. It was stuffed with ground meat and topped with cheese and wasn't heavily seasoned that I got sick of it after a few bites. Their baklava was different from other baklava I've had before. It was buttery but it wasn't too sweet. Not that it wasn't a good thing. For it's larger serving, it made a light dessert to have.The only downside to this place is "the love machine". The first quarter told me I was "passionate" and being unsatisfied because Sabz mocked me the second quarter yielded me a...nvm I don't wanna tell this STUPID story.
<review# 708,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2012,11/14/2012,32,203,2,4,2>Mmmm Vietnamese! is my first thought when I was thinking about what to write about my recent visit at Mimosa.What a cute little place this is! When we walked in to Mimosa we were promptly greeted by a smiling face. I found the interior to be comfortable and cozy.We ordered a round of Tsign tao's and had deep fried wontons and pork salad rolls to start. I normally like to have shrimp and pork in my salad rolls but since there was a "choose one" option we went with pork. The apps arrived very quickly and that pleased me because I was super hungry! The flavour of the wontons was great, I would have liked to have a dipping sauce come with them, but still good with some hot sauce. We spilt a combo with BBQ shrimp, beef and chicken on rice vermicelli. It was full of flavour and I enjoyed every bit of it! (with added hot sauce of course)I will come back to get my vermicelli fix or to try other items on the menu... Perhaps both!
<review# 709,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2012,11/13/2012,62,103,22,14,8>Sweet jezebel, I'm drowning in an ocean of meat and I don't want to swim to the surface.Forget the naysayers, reader. If you're like me and the very thought of consuming an animal causes your mouth to water and your adrenaline to spike for the hunt, Charcut is a must-visit. There are so many animals for you to put in your mouth you won't even know where to begin.I went here with my roommate for his birthday. His family was picking up the tab (hint: it's not a cheap place, so don' go in expecting Junior Bacon Cheeseburger prices or you be in for the biggest sticker shock of your life) so I wasn't too worried about being selective. We tried one of... well, pretty much everything on the menu.The setup here is sharing. You share your dishes and everyone talks about how delicious things are while you shove them in your mouths like a great big happy family of wolves that stumbled across a perfectly seasoned carcass in the middle of the forest.Two words for you, Yelp: DUCK. POUTINE. This is the reason God invented ducks. I've never wanted a dish to last for eternity more than I did when I tasted this poutine. But then, out came the Chef's Cut Steak. I have no idea what was on this, all I know is that if I don't ever eat it again I'll consider my life a wasted endeavor. On my headstone, I'll want them to carve: "Joel - Didn't eat Chef's Cut twice. FAILURE."And there was a massive platter of different meats, from a head meat to a sausage to a bunch of other things I can't even recall because I was tripping so much balls on animal flesh that my taste buds were having seizures. Somewhere in the orgy of flavors there was a chicken. Of all the dishes this was probably my least favorite and I'd still eat 8 of them before ever touching a piece of Swiss Chalet again. Then dessert. Their bacon apple pie? Yeah, not a favorite. But that can be forgiven because there was some sort of tiramisu or crumbly pudding thing in a cup that I would easily run down a man in my car for. In conclusion: I am now drooling all over my keyboard, so I'm going to call it a day there. If you've got some cash to flash and you love stuffing your face with dead things, Charcut. End of story.
<review# 710,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2012,11/12/2012,67,339,,3,2>Aside from the name of this store totally having nothing to do with what it sells, I liked it. I was on the hunt for sturdy winter boots. I was looking for something a bit different that would have a nice look but be functional (ie no crazy high healed snow boots -  who does that??) I had hit most of the shoe and department stores in the mall when I came across this place. While they carried a lot of the name brands the other had, they seemed to have more variety in each category which I appreciated. The store also was better organized. Despite being busy, someone quickly asked me if I needed help. I had spent double the time in other stores without so much as a hello. She told me she had the same boots I was looking at (common line) but then went on to tell me what she liked about them in a meaningful way. She got me some to try on but didn't hover too closely while I decided  -  appreciated. She stayed close by enough doing other things that she was there is I needed more help (which I didn't).  The lady at the cash that I paid was also really friendly and processed things quickly even though I was using a few different mall gift cards.They aren't the cheapest shop in town but their prices were in line with others in the mall that carried the same brands. They had a lot of different types of shoes to choose from too which will probably earn them a return visit with me. After all, who can resist shoe shopping?
<review# 711,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2012,11/11/2012,52,169,3,3,3>Review #8 of Yelp's 30 Day Challenge 2012I really like that the Coup has Meet. It's often so busy for dinner there is an hour wait. So instead of waiting outside in the cold you can go beside to Meet and get a drink and appetizers while you wait. Often times we get seated just after we finish our appetizer so it's perfect. They have several different menu items on their appetizer menu than in the restaurant so not everything is the same. We tried The Road Trip which is a large sampler platter of olives, eggplant sleeping bags (served cold), sunflower carrot seaweed pate, zatar humus, cucumbers and corn chips.  It's quite enough for 2-4 people to share. The appetizers are also really gluten free friendly and vegan friendly. They have changed the menu since I visited a few years ago, and I like it much better now. For a small appetizer I recommend the yam fries. I do wish the miso gravy was a bit thinner like a gravy instead of a thick hummus like dip. It's also a little pricy at $2 a dip.
<review# 712,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2012,11/10/2012,305,278,5,28,6>I started coming to this spot back when it was a quaint little 4 room service spa.Now it's got plentiful more rooms, enough staff to serve a kingdom and way more services I'd like to try...when I win the lotto.It's a full service spa, you get a locker with robe, slippers and sauna access. No pool. Single vanity area with hair dryer, q-tips, hair ties, etc. Bring your own brush.I'll review what I have tried:Facials - man, no one does it better. They tuck you into an electronically warmed blanket. I like my facials to really do the nitty gritty, get all my pores cleansed and tightened. This means extractions. And if you have no idea what extractions are like, well maybe you don't want to. If you do, you'll know how tedious and painful it can be. Well S.E.S has it down to an art. They have special tools for extractions that they constantly clean. I know this because they constantly spray down their tools with alcohol. I can hear it and smell it while in between being in pain. They exfoliate - steam - extract - cleanse - mask - tone. The whole shebang and they don't even charge you extra like some other places. In between waiting times while your face is soaking up the mask? They massage your hands. Body scrub - pretty neat concept and makes your whole body feel like you just came from the womb. Seriously. The only thing that stops me from getting this service more often is the fact that I have to lay there naked while two women scrub me all over while I am laying in an open capsule. After the scrub they close the capsule (head outside) and the water jets spray you down. There's a good resting period where it warms up like a sauna and you are totally encased in a good steam. There's light therapy that goes on so your body is illuminated in techno colored lights. The whole techie capsule thing is quite the experience.Weight loss - yes. I tried it. I could only bring myself to try it a handful of times. Hard to explain, they offer target area treatments, and hook a massage device up to a machine. There's light therapy added to the rolling device that they use and treat your choice of area for x amount of time. They log your measurements after every session. I effectively lost an inch (no I am not going to disclose where) but of course gained it all back in three fold. Not my fault they are across from a DQ.Massage - I've never heard of lumbar. I've never heard of pressure point massages. All I know is that it works and I always feel great afterwards. I'll leave it up to them to explain the sorcery behind all of that, but I will tell you that I can never stay away through a whole session. They won't make small talk if you don't want to. I love it. Yes, they do insurance claims.Eyelash extensions - no, they aren't advertising much of this like other places. I'm guessing because they are so extremely booked for extensions they don't need to. Natural looking, yup. Longer fuller doll looking, yup. The technician who is also the owner, Sandy has been doing this before all the lash places became a thing. Why she never got recognition as one of the first people in Calgary to be doing extensions is beyond me. She knows her stuff. Perfect set all the time. Parking is situated at the back, through the alley. It shares a small lot with the condos upstairs and another spa right next door (I don't understand this). You can enter from the back by ringing the doorbell. There's also street parking, free on the weekends.Review #4 of Yelp's 30 Day Challenge 2012
<review# 713,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2012,11/9/2012,157,283,2,3,2>Gave my daughter some camp options for the summer.  She loves arts & crafts so the camps at this art centre offered for her age group seemed like the perfect fit.  Needless to say she was over the moon excited and couldn't wait for summer camp.  It was also her first ALL day camp.She loved it.  By the end of her camp week the amount of art work she had compiled to bring home was mind boggling.  Everyone there was super nice & friendly and she was at ease immediately.  Parking and drop off was also easy.  I'm pretty confident we will be back here for more summer camps and then some!  Really great place!
<review# 714,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/1/2012,11/8/2012,67,141,2,4,4>I have been to OEB two different times, once on a breakfast date and more recently bringing some out of town family for what I hoped to be an amazing breakfast. This place seems to excel at the sweet breakfast offerings. Both times I have ordered my classic bacon and eggs breakfast, while someone else I have dined with has gone with a sweet breakfast. These are the kinds of breakfasts that make everyone else wish they had what you're having! My goodness! The granola with warm banana bread is incredible, the presentation alone makes this thing to pretty to eat! What you end up with is a massive serving of fresh granola, yogurt, berries and warm banana bread - incredible.  The other one that I experienced major breakfast envy over was a fruit filled crepe with some sort of creamy filling - i forget exactly what the filling was but this thing was over the top as well. A delicate crepe stuffed to impossible proportions with fruit and just the right amount of creamy filling. This would be the way I wish I could get my fruit servings in every day! So, so good. As for the classic, bacon and eggs breakfast - it's good but it's not the best. The eggs here are amazing, dark yolks and delicious. The bread is also really nice, we had a hearty sourdough rye that was lovely but actually too heavy for me (bacon and eggs is heavy on it's own, I think I like a less substantial bread with my breakfast). The bacon was great too. The sticking point for me, and if you know me this is no surprise, was the hash browns.  I've already admitted I'm picky but these....these are more like those "spuds" one picks up at a Winks or something. So unexpected and not appealing at all. None of us ate very many and one of my guests didn't even have any as they concluded the same thing as me about the gas station "spuds" and were just turned off. If they could change this up, use good quality spuds, keep them simple with maybe some seasoning and green onion, I think they could really elevate this breakfast classic to what they are clearly capable of.  Everything else about this breakfast was spot on though!Next time I am at this place I promise I will not choke and order my same old classic standby and I will instead order a sweet breakfast and let everyone else experience some envy! ha ha!Review #1 of Yelp's 30 Day Challenge 2012
<review# 715,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2012,11/7/2012,116,106,3,7,3>I've saved my 100th Yelp review for good old YYC.Why?  I'm not sure.  I think it might be because I had fond memories as a kid waiting to greet relatives as they arrived or dropping off departing family, mainly because my parents would let me play video games and pinball in the arcades as we waited.The arcades are still around in various sections of the airport, which is great.  The games haven't changed too much as barely any companies are creating new cabinets, but it's nice for the nostalgia factor.The selection of shopping at the airport is varied, which always amazes me.  My favourite part of this airport is the Food Court, mainly because they have a Swiss Chalet express (which is licensed too!).  I love Swiss Chalet chicken, and to my knowledge, this is now the only place in the city to get it in a food court outside of hitting one of their restaurants.The displays on the baggage carousels at baggage claim are some of my favourites to look at and explore whenever I'm waiting for someone, with my favourites being the Calgary Stampede display and the Royal Tyrell Museum's (dinosaurs!).My only beefs with this airport is that I wish it was serviced by transit better, with stops at the various airline sections of the terminal.  It'll be interesting to see what happens when the new International terminal opens.  I look forward to exploring that section when it's online.
<review# 716,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2012,11/6/2012,75,130,1,15,7>Based on a recommendation of this shop from an acquaintance whom has a 1994 Honda Civic (and apparently races Honda's), I visited their website at garageboxauto.com which apparently has specials on a variety of services.I then decided to visit the facility with a mutual friend of the previously mentioned acquaintance. There were several Honda's and Acura's parked in front of the facility, of which had apparently gone through various service and modifications such as lights, engines, suspensions, etc.Upon arrival, I noticed is a smaller body shop. I was greeted quickly. I was introduced to Paul Tan whom I began to discuss replacing the suspension on my 4-door 1997 Honda Civic EX which has over 168,000 miles on it (and it keeps going and going and going and going and going).Paul gave me tour of the facility. The facility is very organized and clean, especially for a car repair/body shop type of facility.It is apparent this shop specializes in repair and modifications (based on the cars in the garage and outside). Paul gave me several options to modify not only the engine but the suspension and power options for the car (future cash outlay but you must enjoy the ride). At the time, there was a 2003 Honda Civic in the garage which was being modified to accept an Acura TSX engine (a nice upgrade). I'm jealous!One of the benefits of this facility is that you can bring your own parts or have him order them as many places force you to purchase parts through them which means either exorbitantly over-price parts and/or lower quality. The labour costs is on par with other places I have investigated but I get the sense that Paul actually cares about doing quality work. Even though at the moment, I am getting my suspension replaced (ordered the Eibach Pro-System Plus Kit for my previously mentioned vehicle from tirerack.com in the US), Paul is very helpful on deciding what would the best option(s) for the vehicle explaining a cost versus usage scenario allowing one to make an educated decision. The goal of Paul's effort is for you to enjoy your ride.Picked up the car and it corners like it is on rails... no more flying all over the car around curves, even on ice. When I steer the car, no hesitation and total control!Cannot wait to replace the automatic transmission with a manual and a torqueier engine!Well done!
<review# 717,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/1/2012,11/5/2012,2,7,2,5,4>This little restaurant is becoming one of our favourites for casual dining after work, and as it is on our daily commute on Centre Street, it is becoming increasingly difficult to ignore it on our way home. After only two visits, my wife and I are hooked. First, the welcome by the owner and his wife (I presume she is) is always pleasant and makes us feel right at home. The decor is nice and not tacky, and the ambiance is usually pretty relax even when the place is full. Service is great, pleasant, quick, and always attentive. Then the food. My wife and I typically order a couple of appetizers and share one entree and it is sufficient for us. If you have a big appetite, one entry each would be better, but you may not have room left for dessert. On our first visit, we had the Hummus (garbanzo beans, tahini sauce, olive oil, garlic and lemon juice) which was a little different but lighter than what we are used to in other middle-eastern eateries..The hot Kashk-e-bademjan Roasted eggplant mixed with kashk with sautéed garlic, onions & mint is superb and complemented very well the hummus. When our Khoreshteh Fesenjaan (Pomegranate Stew) came, we were almost full but this stew is delectable. Prepared with chicken, onions, walnuts, and pomegranate juice, it is served with saffron steamed basmati rice, it is particularly surprising to someone new to Persian food, and really succulent, especially with the sumac seasoning! I recommend it. Other stews worth of mention which we had on subsequent visits are the Ghormeh sabzy (Persian green herb stew) and Khoreshteh bademjan (Eggplant stew), also served with saffron rice, but I honestly cannot wait to go full circle and have the pomegrate stew once more. There is also an okra stew on the menu and even if I am not a fan of okra because of its slimy nature, I might try it on my next visit. I've heard a lot of good things about the saffron ice cream but haven't had it, as we are usually full even if we share an entree for two. But it's on my list. Overall, this is a nice family restaurant with reasonable prices that I warmly recommend for its food and atmosphere.
<review# 718,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2012,11/4/2012,31,66,,3,3>Hubby and I come here everytime we need a reason to celebrate. You can get your three courses with soup/salad, fondue then a hot rock. No meat is better when it's cooked on your own terms. This place is dark and ecletic. It's full of moose heads and old skis with that warm cabin feel. They have a great wine selection, good service and good food. Check them out!
<review# 719,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/31/2012,11/3/2012,60,255,,4,4>This is arguably (not by many) the best Vietnamese sub joint in Calgary.  The meat tastes the best, the sub condiments are the freshest, the French baguette tastes great.The owner, his wife and son are really efficient in this tiny spot.  They work well together and are always friendly when you chat them up.They take cash only which is not a problem.  Just remember to hit the ATM before going.  If there's a line-up it's worth the wait.  If there's no line-up then consider yourself lucky.  They're all good but I always get the satay beef and I'm never disappointed.Call ahead for large group orders.
<review# 720,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2012,11/1/2012,95,304,3,4,3>AHH! After reading Wendy' review of another Chianti, I figured it's been a while and I should see what the Chianti's in Calgary had to offer, as I've only been to Chianti in Edmonton. The prices here are more than reasonable, although pasta isn't super expensive, they aren't stingy on the meat added to their dishes. Our server (I heard it was the owner) was very attentive to our table, joking with us and entertaining us. He even sang us a song at the end. I tried the Pollo Stefania and I haven't had something like it before. I really enjoyed it and would recommend it to anyone who wants a little pasta and a little protein :) I can't really think of anything I would have changed so I have to give it a 5 star which is very rare for pasta AND chains! From reading other reviews, I think this is definitely the Chianti to visit if you are craving Chianti in Calgary =)
<review# 721,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2012,10/31/2012,29,32,2,2,3>This place is lovely. Good food and even better people behind the counter! The friendly staff/owners remember us after having been there a couple of times, and are always making jokes and having a good time - a very welcoming environment! The shakes are from a machine, not 'real' ice cream, but still very tasty (not as good as Boogie's, but on par with Peter's). The fries are awesome - eat them right away 'cause they're best warm! My favorite thing to order is the deep fried mushrooms - little blobs of goodness with ranch dressing for dipping... mmm! This classic joint should not be missed - great to take-away or to sit and enjoy if the weather is warm enough for a picnic table under the awning.
<review# 722,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2012,10/30/2012,49,101,2,4,2>The last time I received service this good was when I lived at home and my mother used to make my suppers and clean my dishes and make my bed.When our vehicle kicked the bucket, we searched for a dealership that had quality vehicles and great service.  I won't spend my time here complaining about the other dealerships and how unbelievably craptastic their service was, but rather I want to tell you about Jason and how wonderful he was.Jason was there every step of the way to answer our silly and redundant questions.  He never made us feel insignificant or undervalued at any time during this process.  We truly felt like our business was appreciated.  The ladies with the finance dept were also awesome, Alanna and Shawna answered all of our questions and were very polite and welcoming.  It was a treat to visit Audi and their team during this process.After the vehicle was purchased, Jason spent much time with us going over the vehicle inside and out.  When I told friends and family about all the wonderful things Audi did they simply commented on how they have never received so much as a follow up call from their last purchase.  We even received an Edible Arrangement, coffee mugs, gift certificate, and most important emails from the GM thanking us for our business.  What a treat.  We were even invited back for a special 10,000$ giveaway event at the dealership where we sampled beers and ate hors d'oeuvres and had a great time.  It was a pleasure to shop at Audi, they have a customer for life with us !  I look forward to seeing how the servicing goes!Thanks again, Jason for all of your hard work helping us, you truly made this an enjoyable experience!
<review# 723,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2012,10/29/2012,86,132,2,6,2>This is the closest to a "real" Mexican restaurant that I've found in Calgary. I lived in Austin for years before moving to Calgary and I have truly missed the restaurants there. I knew I would love it when they brought a free basket of chips to the table. Oh and they were REAL chips cut from tortillas and fried....not bagged chips. We had a creamy dip with them instead of a classic salsa. It was very reminiscent of Chuy's creamy jalapeno dip (in Austin) and it was DELICIOUS.Paloma has an $8.95 lunch special Tues-Saturday. Today it was the Taco platter. I decided to shake things up and try 3 different tacos. All were delicious and served on two corn tortillas with a side of rice and beans. I decided to leave off one of the tortillas on each taco because I was STUFFED.I will definitely be making the trek to the Northeast frequently to visit Paloma again in the future. Oh and btw....it was empty at lunch. We should throw this place some love so that it sticks around!
<review# 724,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2012,10/28/2012,165,224,6,6,4>BEST F-IN HOT DOGS EVER!!!Huge. Messy. Unbelievably good. The PERFECT 3am noms.Try their Slaw Dog. Huge, with a heaping helping of coleslaw and cheese on it, and a giant pickle for garnish.Or their classic Tubby Dog. Huge, with a heaping serving of chili, bacon, mustard, cheese, etc.Or maybe their Sumo. Huge, with piles of seaweed, wasabi mayo, pickled ginger. Wacky, but it works.And when you're feeling particularly adventurous, try the PBJ. My personal favourite. It is exactly what it sounds like, a huge tubby dog slathered with.. you guessed it, peanut butter and jelly. Topped with Cap'n Crunch. Fellow 3am partyers, this is as good as it gets. If you like peanut butter, this is the best hot dog that you'll ever have the pleasure of biting into. It's so good it makes me wish the already giant hot dog was even bigger so this PBJ journey would never have to end. This tubby dog will make you want to lick the styrofoam container clean.During the day you can walk into their establishment, have a seat at a table with forks and knives and all, and pretend to be civilized. But you will eventually give up because there is no being civilized with forks and spoons when it comes to eating a tubby dog. At some point during the night, they close their doors and only keep a takeout window open until around 3am I believe. Thats when lineups form, and the crowds stumble over to the streets, the wooden benches, the sidewalks, etc with their tubby dogs in styrofoam containers. Post-partying booze-and-tubby-dog-fuelled late night revelry at its best.A Calgary classic. That's it that's all.
<review# 725,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/5/2012,10/27/2012,28,85,,6,2>I feel odd rating this so high as when you drive up it is "typical Calgary" and nestled into a strip mall - but I am getting used to this and force myself to look past it.  Being a West Coaster we are used to having our fish and chippies overlooking water and fishing boats and sometimes when the food isn't great you overlook it for the view.  That is not the case here - the no view (although some way funky decor) means it's all about the deep fry goodness.  And this delivered.  We had fish and chips (salmon) and coconut shrimp.  When we asked if the salmon was wild the server said she would specifically pull a piece of wild for us from the fish counter for the kitchen to use!  I thought that was amazing service.  The portions aren't huge - but just right.  They also have a seafood counter and frozen fish for sale.  Overall this is a little gem of the NW...which I will visit again!
<review# 726,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2012,10/26/2012,22,201,2,2,3>I've been in 4 sessions of Maria's tango classes over the last few years and I have to say she's an AMAZING dance instructor. I grew up not believing I could dance even though I loved moving to the music.   For some reason her style is one that really resonates with me and I can pick up some very complicated nuances of the dance quite easily.   I've taken other tango classes from other well known studios and something is missing that Maria adds and I some how grasp the concept and can embody it.   He teaching is taken very slowly,  and a partipant has learned a lot more about moving in dance before they ever learn the basic steps - and I can tell you that's done wonders to my ability to follow a leader (because I can memorize steps well and take over!).    I wouldn't say I'm an expert dancer or will ever be looking forward to anything more than feeling like a average person in a social dance situation but that's miles ahead of what I thought I would be capable of.  I've been to a handful of schools and instructors in the city for a few different dances over the years,  if you're interested in really learning tango this is the instructor for you!
<review# 727,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2012,10/25/2012,12,52,2,4,3>I got my back piece redone here with Dominique. She made my crappy old spotty tattoo into a magnificent, beautiful piece of art that I am proud to show. She isn't just a tattoo artist either, she is an accredited painter and artist that has had her own art gallery showings and has sold art, which really reflects in her work. The depth and colour in which she did my tattoo as well as poppies in my tattoo are simply amazing. I spent 10 hours in her chair and she was such a pleasure to chat with as well.  I loved her so much that I got my husband an arm piece with her for his 35th bday gift. With a few emails back and forth she got the exact design down that he wanted and made it so unique that he couldn't be happier. I will absolutely be back to see Dominique for my next tattoo, without question.Unfortunately I cannot speak about the other artists there but I have seen their drawings and some of their work and they are just as amazing as Dominique. I know one artist i think his name is Joe..? had to stop taking bookings for the year when we were there in August because he was fully booked until Jan 1st 2013 so needless to say hes a great artists as well.Gypsy rose has some great staff and amazing artists!
<review# 728,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2012,10/24/2012,11,54,4,5,3>I have been trying to find a decent burrito that my son could enjoy here in Calgary for years, and finally EL Charrito served up one that he enjoyed like the ones he was used to in SoCal, and almost at the SoCal price too ($6.25). For me they had horchata to drink and some great tacos) and chili re-llanos ($12.50). El Charrito offers some very friendly service and some excellent Mexican food just like the Taquerias in SoCal with similar prices too. Definitely recommend this place to anyone that enjoys eating some simple Mexican dishes. Their menudo is served on Saturdays and Sundays!
<review# 729,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2012,10/23/2012,46,59,,5,3>Old School is a GREEN GROCER that stocks and sells an incredible collection of produce, local and organic when available (not the case for bananas of course, for example) and has- you can't see this but trust me here- absolutely incredible prices by Calgary standards. BC peaches were $1.19/lb. More than a pound of perfect green beans were something like $3.50. Those non-local bananas are $.79/lb at Safeway and $.59/lb at Old School. I could go on and on but on top of a great selection and great prices on produce, Old School sells bagged and roast-dated Fratello coffees, free-range and otherwise ethically raised meat (beef, pork, chicken, lamb), dairy from small Alberta dairies that sell their milk in bottles and yogurts and ice creams from another in Victoria BC, various baked goods, and a huge selection of saltwater taffy at $1 for five pieces. They also sell straight and safety razors and shaving supplies. They're open seven days a week.
<review# 730,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2012,10/22/2012,83,568,4,7,4>I had a spontaneous moment today, which lead to me stopping by Chicken on the Way.  I've never eaten food from here before and didn't know what to expect.  I usually stick with boneless meat, so this truly was an adventure for me.  I told the lovely older woman behind the counter that I'd never darkened the doorway, so she took me under her wing (no pun intended) and made sure I understood the menu.  It's not complicated but I had a few questions.I ordered a single wing to say that I actually tried the chicken and was stunned by the fact that you can choose what chicken part you want.  I also ordered a small potato salad and one corn fritter.  The woman kindly told the deep fryer guy to throw in some complimentary fries, as I should try those too and if I like them, surely I'd return.  This was very sweet of her and I couldn't have asked for friendlier service.  The food was piping hot, for starters.  The chicken was greasy, as most fast food chicken is, but I liked that it didn't taste salty.  The potato salad wasn't chunky, but instead reminded me of course mashed potatoes.  Despite this, all of the right flavors were there.  The fries were good too and I loved the corn fritter.  If I were a celebrity being paid millions to gain weight for a movie role, eating copious amounts of corn fritters to do it never would have crossed my mind until today.  I would return to Chicken on the Way just for an order of these.  My lunch indulgence cost me $3.00.  What a pleasant surprise!  The box of calories I purchased cost less than a Starbucks coffee.  Little lady, you knew what you were doing.
<review# 731,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2012,10/21/2012,45,109,3,4,2>I work a few blocks from here, so I come here often.Amazing paninis, great coffee, tasty pastries. And they have recently expanded their menu, serving soups, salads, and pasta. I haven't sat down here to eat (usually take it back to the office), but the interior is clean and modern. The staff and owner are ridiculously nice and always pop out of the kitchen to say hi.Its too bad they don't open on Mondays, those mornings are always the most sluggish, when I need coffee the most. And I always forget that they aren't open that day, so I go to all this effort to walk over, only to realize that the door won't open. They should give me a key to let myself in.
<review# 732,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2012,10/20/2012,98,157,4,7,5>Jessica and I have been importing Whatchamacallits and Sno-Caps from the States for years. And when I say "importing," I mean bringing stacks of them back any time we visit the US in order to stuff our faces in the weeks to follow (you wouldn't believe how great Sno-Caps are, mixed with popcorn, when you go to the movies).We were in SHOCK with the selection of candy at Freak Lunchbox (which, of course, carried BOTH Whatchamacallit and Sno-Caps). Seriously, they have an incredible array of sweets, and feature a wide variety of kitschy, retro novelties that you won't find anywhere else, especially in Calgary.One of the most amazing things was that the price wasn't astronomical either. As an example, I generally find Whatchamacallits for about $1.00 in the States. At Freak Lunchbox, they are something like $1.69. That is not much of a mark up, and well worth avoiding the hassle of importation. Anytime I am craving a Whatchamacallit, I can now just mosey over to 17th Ave and pick one up (or two. Or three. Or four). Freak Lunchbox, YOU. ARE. AWESOME.Please stay open forever.Love,Dan
<review# 733,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2012,10/19/2012,65,135,2,3,2>Love, love, love Blue Star!Pros:Great locationBeautiful, clean interiorSuper, awesome, great staff - I can't express this enoughDelicious, amazing food - I usually come for brunch, everything is good but the eggs bennie on gluten free buns is my personal faveGood portion sizesBottomless coffee, great teasHas alcoholic beverages as wellSupports localCons:Can be a little pricey, especially with the gluten free add-on At times the wait can be long, but it's expected and they serve you coffee/tea while you waitThey don't deliver to my house :)Of course I will be back... many, many times.  Can't beat the great service you get here every time!
<review# 734,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2012,10/18/2012,47,68,2,2,2>This is the first place I started playing volleyball again after moving back to Calgary and it welcomed me with open arms! hahahaThe staff here are really friendly and are here to help you out. They've got plenty of ice at the bar just in case someone gets injured and of course to keep your drinks cold!Their bar is pretty good! they've got really good wings. I haven't tried their beers but I'm sure their just fine.Earlier this year they renovated all the rubber exercise floors with hardwood like Volleydome by the UofC.Indoor Volleyball is one of those all year round sports that you can count on here. In the summer things slow down I found but in the fall, winter and spring leagues it can get really busy and the competition definitely gets stiffer.Rallypointe is across the street from the Deerfoot Inn & Casino (the entrance side). Although its not that easy to get here by bus, if you wanna play, it's worth it. Luckily I drive and don't have to but I'd bus it if I had to! cause I'm so hardcore!!! ROAR!!! I'm the King.peace out Ninjas, play hard!
<review# 735,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2012,10/17/2012,69,229,3,4,3>It was about 3 years ago that I first took my cat, Nasdaq, to this clinic. I had him in for shots and neutering. The staff was really nice and honestly care about  the pets that come in. They were gentle with him even though he seemed quite pissed off when I came to pick him up. Go figure!Most recently, I took my littlest guy, Pajamas, in also for shots and to be neutered. He did really well. We had a hard time getting him out of the kitty carrier but the vet didn't mind and took her time with him. One of the staff called me after the surgery to let me know he was ok and I could pick him up later. They also called me the next day to make sure Pajamas was eating and drinking and see if there were any concerns. They really do provide great customer service here. Just last week, we were back in for a couple more shots. Again, the vet was great with Pajamas, explaining everything and letting me know when he'll need to come back. As far as the prices go, Centre Street is very reasonably priced. I checked out some other vet clinics which were more expensive. I liked the fact that they were willing to do the blood tests same day of his neutering. Other places won't. I guess it's because here they have the equipment and can get immediate results. I'll definitely take my boys here again as the customer service, hours, convenience and quality of care are simply fantastic.
<review# 736,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2012,10/16/2012,27,72,,4,2>Grumans catering is truly a hidden gem.  We came here for breakfast on Saturday around 11am.  At this time, most decent breakfast places (and even the not-so-decent ones) have line ups and a long wait for a table.  Not Grumans...  I guess the rest of Calgary doesn't yet know about the AMAZING breakfast served here for prices cheaper than the Humpty's down the street.  To top it off, the service is quick AND friendly.  Shhh.... Don't tell anyone, or I may have to wait for a table!I had the Breakfast Special with my eggs poached and my bacon crispy.  It was served with tasty chunky hash browns, and rye toast.  Everything was cooked perfectly.  $8.  I'll be back for this often!Mike got the Smoked & Poached Breakfast Poutine.  Chunky potato hash browns were topped with a generous serving of Montreal smoked meat (yum), cheese curds and soft poached eggs.  Oh - and of course, a lemony hollandaise!  AND a side of toast.  For $13.  You really can't beat that.  He even turned down my leftovers, which doesn't happen often!  He absolutely loved this meal.There's also free parking on the weekends!....shhh - don't tell too many people...Or we'll all be waiting for a table!
<review# 737,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2012,10/15/2012,10,49,1,8,4>Café Momoko is a neighborhood restaurant. So frankly it's pretty out of the way unless you live in the West Springs area in between Old Banff Coach Road and Bow Trail SW. If you find yourself in the hills one day, make the trek here. It's a cute little place with delicious food and the service is so welcoming.I was first brought here by my boyfriend's family after they had purchased a Groupon or DealFind for this place. They had never been there either, but I guess the deal was amazing. They raved about the food after their visit, and insisted with join them the next time they went. The owner is Korean, and the food is a mix of Korean and Japanese. The menu has a mix of Korean BBQ, kimchi, and sushi on it. Order a mix. The sushi is basic, but delicious. It's simple, nothing fancy about the sushi rolls like you get with some bigger places downtown, but it's tasty, fresh made, and filling. The flavors work and it does the job. The Korean short ribs are also really delicious. They're sticky and smoky and flavorful. Match that with some kimchi and it all balances out nicely. What we all liked the most about this place was the owner. His name escapes me right now, but I believe it's something like Muhn?  He's so friendly and attentive. He truly wants you to enjoy your visit and your meal. We've come back here twice after long absences, and he remembers us every time. He's extremely nice and welcoming.I definitely recommend people in the area support this small operation. They do take-out, so you can pick up dinner on your way home as well.
<review# 738,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2012,10/14/2012,59,52,,5,2>A group of us went for pancakes yesterday after the race.  The wait time was ridiculously long...I think we waited for 45 minutes or more.  It looks like they only have three tables that fit large group of people (6 to 8 people), hence the long wait for us.  But in general, this restaurant is quite a busy place.  I love how they have sweet, savory and sweet&savory options for the pancakes.  Dutch pancakes are not like the traditional small fluffy pancakes, they are bigger (like the size of a small/medium pizza) and flat. Their pancakes are delicious.  However, I found their service is so-so.  The waitress put down the wrong order for my friends, which my friends didn't mind and didn't send it back.  But they still charged us for their mistakes.  I mean, it was only a couple bucks more, but still.  And I believe one of my friends ordered coffee which never came but of course, they still charged us for it.  It was just a bit chaotic I found.  Put service aside, their pancakes are good and I do think it's worth the wait.
<review# 739,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2012,10/13/2012,40,81,4,2,1>I actually went to the Kingsland Farmer's Market location but I'm too lazy to add it to the list. "Tsk tsk Heather, half a job" - my Dad whenever I'm 'too lazy' to do something.So I work in marketing and I've done the occasional naming exercise, whether for products, or lines of business, or even businesses themselves.  Before I found out that Coco Brooks was a pizza place here's what I might have said....Hmmm....Coco...maybe they sell coconuts? Or chocolate? Or strippers?  Oh, well then there's Brooks in there confusing me....I know Brooks is a sporting goods store but that doesn't seem to fit with Coco.  Maybe it's a brook like a river, or it IS a last name, but I didn't think that strippers even had last names.NEVER in my wildest dreams would I have thought it was a pizza place.  And, never would I have guessed that they would use the packaging on their pizza to attempt to impart godly wisdom upon pizza eaters.I bought 2 pizzas, the Big Al's (aka meat frenzy) on a traditional crust and the Sicilian on a gluten-free crust.  Now, I'm not a scientist (marketing, remember?) but I do understand proper experimental design.  And originally I thought I should probably cook both at once and evaluate them side by side.  Well, I was too lazy to do that so I enjoyed them on different days. (Tsk, tsk.)Big Al's - Fantastic pizza. Guilty pleasure pizza. Maybe there's religious stuff on the box because you're likely to feel guilty after eating it.  Whatever.  You can put whatever you want on the box as long as long as that's as far as it goes.  I had to restrain myself against eating the whole thing.  (I should be clear here that while this is a tasty pizza, it's not high quality ingredients that make it tasty, it's the fat and carbs working their magic on your wired-for-survival, evolutionary-slow-to-change brain - sorry creationists.)Gluten Free Sicilian - Horrible. I've had many GF pizza crusts before and this is an awful crust supporting an even worse cast of toppings.  I ate one piece and the rest is still in my fridge. Final thoughts - don't get confused by the name like I did - this is a PIZZA place.
<review# 740,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/5/2012,10/12/2012,85,210,1,4,2>I've been twice in a year, unfortunately. The first time my 17 lb dog was attacked, bitten & viciously shaken by a large dog. She had blood in her eye and teeth marks in her face. She was seen right away and we were told she was lucky it hadn't been a couple of cm in any other direction or she would have lost at least an eye. I opted for antibiotics in case she got an infection in her eye (you can't buy another one of those!) but declined other treatments - received no flack.The second time she ingested 1/4 lb of fudge - they induced vomiting, and allowed me to take her home with constant monitoring, with the recommendation (that I followed) of subcutaneous IV to deter issues with her liver.Neither time was I asked to pony up money in advance - maybe for the more acute cases?? It's pricey, but any emergency vet will be. They're understanding, kind and always give me options without making judgment.I'll be back (if I have to).
<review# 741,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2012,10/11/2012,115,261,3,7,7>I am SO thrilled that I was finally able to try Farm! After hearing and reading so many wonderful things about it, I finally made a reso for a girlfriend & I for dinner. Unfortunately, she had to cancel at the last minute but I was DETERMINED to eat here and luckily for me, my sister was free! We met at 10 minutes past the hour, which meant we were late for our reso, but were seated immediately. I was hoping for a table on the patio, but it was busy, and I was SO impressed with the interior of the restaurant! From the outside, it doesn't look like much, but it was very cute, chairs were comfortable, and it was cozy without being cramped. Bathrooms were spotless.Right off the bat we ordered wine, our waitress made a recommendation which we happily accepted but then returned to tell us that she had talked to her manager, and he suggested a different one. We went with the second suggestion, I thought it was great that she cared enough to ask for a second opinion. We also ordered a cheese board, the house pickles, the chicken wings (which were the special), and a simple garden salad. The cheese was chosen by our waitress, and she did an excellent job based on what we asked for. Each had a different accompaniment, and the flavors blended so beautifully, we were very impressed. The chicken wings were very tasty, but since we were still hungry, we ordered the salad and it was HUGE! Plenty big to share which was wonderful. The dessert options sounded lovely but we ended up being perfectly full after the salad.I absolutely LOVE, love, love restaurants like this. Small, intimate, cozy, romantic...places where you graze appies all evening, sipping good wine. The menu is small, which I like, because that tells me that they focus more on the quality of their dishes rather than getting as many half-assed dishes out as fast as they can. Everything I saw on other tables looked amazing. Our server, Natalia, was perfection. She was such a sweet, nice girl - and not in the fake way that waitresses act for a tip - but in a genuine way that tells you she's actually just a nice person. We took our time, enjoying our food and conversation, and never once felt rushed out. I could shout from the rooftops how much I loved it here, and I'm already planning a return trip next weekend! It may be a little pricier than some places, but you absolutely get what you pay for.
<review# 742,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2012,10/10/2012,40,98,2,4,4>So, our friends were kind enough to plan a surprise birthday party for us, and they chose the Himalayan. I had been to the Himalayan before for dinner, and liked it. However, when we came for our birthday, they had the buffet menu items available, and ...WOW. Best buffet ever.Yes, EVER. There were enough menu items to choose from, approximately 10 or 12 by my guess, but it was more than enough. This is because when every single dish is excellent, you dont need 40 more to choose from.All I crave now is their food. And at $14 per person, this is excellent value. I'd pay more. The restaurant was packed each time I went, so go early to avoid not being seated in a timely manner, as the place is quite small.The service is always friendly, and the owner is so kind. I spoke with him today when I ordered lunch for our staff, Friday. I told him my budget and he helped me pick a menu, and I was surprised at how many items we can try for what we're paying. Again, excellent value. I will absolutely be visiting this restaurant again and again.
<review# 743,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2012,10/9/2012,19,212,,4,2>Upgrading Calypso's to the totally earned five stars. What a good place to visit!Food quality is as great as I remember it after two years, and service is equally awesome. Friendly, useful, professional. I just love every of my visits to Calypso's and will be back again, for sure.It is on a pricey side, ok, but in this case you get what you've paid for - hefty portions of great, authentic food. I guess I've eaten half of their menu, which means I have a lot of wonderful stuff yet to discover!Honestly love to see a business working well for years. Congratulations Calypso's, you are doing a very good job.Tested, proved, and recommended wholeheartedly.
<review# 744,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2012,10/8/2012,93,149,4,7,3>Pal-pal-pal-pal-pal-pah-pal...so maybe I can't sing your name to the tune of Barbara Ann, but I just want to keep coming back to your wooden saloon.Two sides to the Palomino: the downstairs where you get punk rock/folk/post-hardcore basement shows, filled with people dancing with half broken pint glasses, musty chairs, a discarded pac-man video-game table (why won't you live again!) and some good ol' fashion dankness. And the upstairs: where you can fill your belly with some of the most delicious BBQ in the city. Just took our English born and raised - roots in Oklahoma in-law here for dinner and when he approves of the two meat platter with corn bread and beans, you got yourself a winner.The Palomino's caesar is by far my favorite in Calgary and the bacon wrapped corn, corn bread and garlic fries are simply stellar. I need to increase my frequency of dinner visits but don't wish to be 200 pounds.Don't go changing, please! I love you just the way you are.
<review# 745,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/17/2012,10/7/2012,47,97,,4,3>Food: 3.5/5Service: 3.5/5Ambiance: 3.5/5Overall experience: 3.5/5(1- Terrible; 3- decent; 5- Fantastic)When I first walked into Wurst I was struck by the upstairs restaurant's beautiful decor. There was a huge tree growing out of the floor and sparkling lights that made me feel like I stepped into an enchanted forest (very romantic). Immediately downstairs is Wurst's Bavarian Beer Hall - a completely different atmosphere and a gong show on the weekends. Either go really early on a Saturday or make reservations if you want to guarantee a seat. The Beer Hall area was dark, yet intimate and lively with neat German trinkets on the walls. As the night progressed, the hall became more crowded and loud from drunks and the blaring German band tooting out festive tunes. You have to yell at the people in your table to talk to them. The waitresses are dressed up in traditional German bar-maid attire and for the most part are really friendly and attentive. You definately get a true German Beer Hall experience!Every Saturday they even have a contest to see who could hold a Stein of water in front of them the longest. Winners get a $25 gift certificate.  The biggest turnoff was that the food and drink prices were inflated - my bill came out to be around $40 for only two beers and an appetizer! They have a decent amount of German bottles and drafts including pilsners, wheaty Weizens, dark Dunkels, and the popular fruity Stiegl Radler (grapefruit). 1/2 a liter will cost at least $7.25-$20; 1L is from $14.50-$20; and a 2L Boot is from $38-$40. Granted, it's fun to drink from a boot shaped mug but if you want to save money opt for two 1L drinks. Their food menu felt more like "German inspired" and not purely focused on the cuisine. Appetizers are from $15; cured meats ($9-$13); cheese; seafood (shellfish); rotisserie and grill items like hamburgers ($16), brats ($26), and schnitzel for two ($35); and from their carvery you can get 1/2 or 1 lb of chicken, prime rib, pork loin, brisket, ham, or sausage ($14-$25). Each carvery order comes out on a wooden cutting board with meat on one side, two slices of your choice of bread and sauce. You can either eat it separately or as a sandwich. My friends seemed to enjoy it and were stuffed by the end. For a real treat, you can order 'Franzl's Mixed Grill' which is a big platter of house made bratwurst, knackwurst (light colored sausage), prime rib, schweinshaxen (roasted ham hock/knuckle), Kassler pork loin (tough to eat and fatty), German fried potatoes, and bread dumplings on top of a pile of spatzle (soggy, bland egg noodle-like thing) and warm sauerkraut. They charge you $39/person for two people ($78 platter), but it can feed 4-5 people. It's a great opportunity to try a variety of German meats but the overall consensus was that it was really salty and pricey.Other items I tried were the "famous" 'Bavarian Wings' which was only OK. For $15, you get three large wings stuffed with sausage, then breaded with pretzels and hot sauce. I was expecting actual chicken meat as part of the wing, but it was more like 98% sausage meat encased by "chicken skin" instead of the usual sausage casing. The wings were not crispy and the hot sauce only added a bit of heat. The order will definitely fill up one person, but is good to share amongst 3 people. For $15, this appetizer wasn't worth it. I also got the 'Schnitzel Tacos' ($16) which were four, two-bite hard shell tacos with a tiny portion of crispy schnitzel. The tacos were bland unless you dipped it in the accompanying Valentina (mildly hot) sauce. The dish was really hard to eat since it fell apart after the first bite. I would NOT recommend this dish. What I do recommend is the 'Pretzel Bucket' ($7) - about four warm soft, chewy pretzels with a crisp exterior. The four accompanying mustards were a perfect compliment. The 'Duck Fat Fries' ($8) were also surprisingly good and the portion was enough for one person.If you already haven't been here, the Beer Hall is a great place to visit with a group of friends. You will definitely have a good time bonding with other drunks! The only drag is that the food and drinks are expensive.
<review# 746,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2012,10/6/2012,5,69,2,2,1>This place is interesting. Some good/some well...ya know once people there get booze in em, they start acting like jerks.Went here, for the first time, back in Dec 2011. Personally know one of the DJ's that was spinning(he is my baby half-bro actually). Another few DJ's opened for him first. The dance floor could be a bit larger. But, it was packed because the tunes were sooo kewl! The seating is not bad as well. Again, could be more. But they can only do, what they can, with the space they have. The bar is long/large. Staff is really super YAY!! Unfortunately, that particular night, round 1am, a few drunk patrons got rowdy. Actually one guy, downright rude to me, for no reason. Yelling racial obscenities at the person I was sitting with. He didn't even know the person, nor me. His friends had to actual escort the guy/hold him up, cuz he was so obliterated. They also shook their heads, trying to apologize to us for his behavior. While herding him towards the exit. Uh...ya...what alcohol does to "some" people(shakes my head). Staff, even though exhausted, let people dance the night away til bout 3am. Politely, they then said, "Yep, y'all need to kinda exit now" lol.Anyhow...my 2nd "totally amazing" experience involves last night(Monday, June 18th 2012). Attended a film screening called - "Uprising: Hip Hop & the LA Riots". Part of the Sled Island Festival. Purchased my ticket at Sloth Records(props 2 Sloth woot!) Phoned ahead of time, to inquire bout location of the projector screen/seating etc. Staff member on phone was sooo terrific! He answered my many questions & gave me more info. Actually letting me know there was another movie screening before this one. Arrived, about 30mins earlier than doors to be open for this movie. The two staff members, at the door,  were wonderful! Explained that I didn't have a wrist band, but that I need a seat. Because I have a few issues with knees/feet. Thus not being able to stand alot. They said I could just come on in(half way through the first movie). YAY!! I wished that the seats on the dance floor were better. They were folding ones. So not too comfy, nor good support for my back. Coarse, I understand completely why they used them.The washrooms(female) were clean on this occasion(not so great on the first time I came here though, ick). There are only 3 stalls, so it can get crowded in there, on a busy night.Staff again, is wonderful about re-filling my water(or pop). Some places give you attitude, if you don't order booze. Make sure to tip them well, as they do deserve it.All in all, pretty neat place. With a huge variety of events/music going on. If it's on a popular theme night/event/wknd, recommend going a tad earlier(if you need a seat). Or getting tickets ahead of time.Total props, again(lol) to the staff. They have gone out of their way to make sure I have a good experience(and that's "before" I even mention my bro spins tunes there).
<review# 747,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2012,10/5/2012,26,47,,5,4>My husband and I are big fans of revolving restaurants so for our 4th year anniversary, we decided to go and try out Sky 360. We set our reservation for 7:00 but since we've never been to the tower so we decided to go early and check out the view from the deck. Entrance fee to the tower is free if you have a reservation at the restaurant.We went to the restaurant 10 minutes before our reservation but we were seated right away. Although we were not exactly by the window, the table we had faced the windows and offered excellent views of the city.We started off with soups. I had the Butternut Squash soup which gave me that comfy feeling all over. It tasted really fresh and was just at that right soupy-not-so-rich consistency. My husband ordered their soup of the day which was a beef and mushroom broth but there was really nothing special about it. We also ordered calamari which by far is the crispiest calamari I've ever had.For my main I ordered Pork and Digby Scallops which is sooooo good! Crispy pork rinds, seared pork belly and scallops, what else can you ask for right? I totally forgot that I was watching my calories when this came to our table. My husband ordered the lobster cannelloni which is complemented by a very flavorful creamy wine sauce.Our dessert, the Gelato Sampler came with a little "Happy Anniversary" chocolate greeting and candle which I thought was really cute (and yummy!). The flavors were hazelnut, spumoni and black forest. After having a teaspoon of each, I wanted to take home all three in pint (ok, gallon) size! They were all good but the black forest is probably one of the best gelato flavors I've had ever.Although the price isn't really easy on the budget, I thought that the view, the service and the food were worth what our bill reflected. It's not that type of restaurant you'd go to for every day dining but it certainly is one of those places where you can get an excellent meal on a special day.
<review# 748,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/3/2012,10/4/2012,53,334,2,3,2>I just discovered this place the other day, near the industrial park where I work. They have a $8.99 lunch special each workday. Today it was Tuesday and Tacos.Wow yum it was great! Authentic too! No rice and re-fried beans, instead you got 3 incredibly filling tacos made on corn shells, all with fresh avocado and tomato, choice of pork, steak, or chicken (I got one of each) it was awesome! I will be back for lunch next Tuesday.
<review# 749,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2012,10/3/2012,100,342,,11,3>Yes! A wicked gluten free bakery! Celiacs, gluten intolerant and health nuts rejoice. My hubs was down in the area and asked me if I wanted anything, and the options were endless. I've had a cupcake from there before, my friend got me and it was delicious. Seeing as I had my previous muffin mishap decided to go muffins. He picked me up a blueberry and a cherry almond. I just finished eating the blueberry one and it was soooo good! Nice and moist, not too crumbly and great flavor. Only thing is the location for me isn't convenient. I may try to freeze them and see how they are when thawed, then I can still indulge in my baked good cravings.
<review# 750,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2012,10/2/2012,52,263,2,2,2>I came here to have a nice dinner with my lady-friends. The interior is really beautiful and it set the mood quite nicely for our little rendez-vous. My friend was actually asking us to be bridesmaids at her wedding... so I  will definitely have good memories associated with Open Sesame now, forever and ever :) Our server was very adorable and friendly enough to make you feel welcome but not over-the-top all up in your face faux-friendly. He was, essentially, the perfect server.I got one of the stir-fry bowls. I didn't create my own I just settled on ideas they had already prepared. I figured it was less work for me if I didn't have to pick out my veggies one by one. It was delicious and I had enough for leftovers for lunch, all for about 11$! (without meat, if you want meat it will cost a little bit more). I also got the green beans for a starter to my meal, they were really fantastic. No shame, I ate the whole plate by myself.I got some sort of brownie thing for dessert. It tasted like it was frozen at some point in it's life which was unappealing as well as the fact that it was burnt. It was not a good dessert at all, and it was the only reason I didn't give this place 5 stars. I am actually really excited to come back here and try some other things on their menu. It was delicious and pretty much everything they offer looks fantastic. So hopefully there will be future outings here!
<review# 751,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2012,10/1/2012,11,32,4,24,5>Just got a tattoo at Immaculate Concept - the service and overall experience was great where I definitely give two thumbs up for this shop!After much consideration and thought, I wanted to get a tattoo on my left forearm.  Considering the fact that this is my first tattoo which will be on for life, I did thorough research for tattoo shops where my eventual decision landed on Immaculate Concept.  I booked my appointment with Kevin where he came up with a beautiful sketch of exactly what I wanted.  On the day of the appointment, he readjusted the size and gave input on the last minute details to create a more balanced looking tattoo.The tattoo was done in a little under the hour - Kevin worked methodically, was clean, and did his work with precision.  In my own vain opinion, the tattoo came out beautifully with clean lines and thorough shading.  I was incredibly happy with the results and the price I paid for it.  The tattoo has made several appearances when I am out and about at night where I have gotten many compliments on it.  For those who plan on getting tattoos, I would recommend checking out Immaculate Concept as it is a clean and professional shop with many talented artists.  Do take note though that you do have to visit the shop in person to book an appointment because you have to make the down payment in person OR you can make the down payment on their website, so I guess whatever best meets your needs.  Also, do expect your tattoo appointment to be booked right away - unlike other tattoo shops that are booked for months, Immaculate Concept can usually book you in (depending on the time and size the tattoo takes) within the following week or two, which is a plus :).All in all, a great tattoo parlour where i definitely wouldn't hesitate to book with Immaculate Concept again if I plan on getting another tattoo done again in the future.
<review# 752,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2012,9/30/2012,11,29,2,3,2>What can I say about Boogies Burgers that hasn't already been said? This place is just pure awesome. Order anything and you won't be sorry. I'm still waiting for the day I can try Doug's "Don't Fear the Reaper" Burger. Definitely saving that for a lazy Sunday when someone can drive me home after cause I expect to slip into a coma the second I finish it.
<review# 753,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2012,9/29/2012,45,205,2,6,3>I was suprised to see how large Polcan is, and how long their lineup was at the deli counter. They have so many products! 95 % of it Polish, some with no English writing on at all, so it was fun guessing what we were looking at. I guess I wouldnt suggest it for those looking into the nutritional value of foods, because you wont find that info on the labels.I bought myself some pickles (typical, i know) mmmmm...cruchy.Definately going to see what all the fuss is about and grab myself something at the deli next time. There are tables at the front of the store to eat your purchases. Besides Polcan, in the strip mall is The Better Butcher and a cute small bakery, plus a Shoppers and a liquor store, so a one stop shop!
<review# 754,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2012,9/28/2012,92,68,,5,3>I joined a couple girl friends here for a couple bevvies early on a Friday evening and I was surprisingly shocked by how great this venue was.  It was huge and full of people having after work drinks.  I liked the dark wood and the size of the place.  It was great and full of people my age... not 18 to 20 year olds.  That got a star!When I arrived it was standing room only so we stood for a bit and had our drinks.  When I went to the bar to get my drink I was served quickly despite how full the place was.  No waiting in lines at the bar for a drink.  Definitely worth one of the stars.We went upstairs to see if we could find seating and we were to told that we had to put our names on a list and we'd be called, but the guy helping us(who appeared to be a manager) added us to the end of a big table with two other guys at it because we(nor did they) had any issues with sharing a table.  I thought that was great... no waits for a table!  Another star earned!Our server was quick.  I wasn't planning on eating, but made the mistake of checking out the menu and the poutine nabbed me.  It was really good!  My favorite kind of pub type poutine with real cheese curds and dark gravy.  Really good and not an overwhelming size since I just wanted a snack before my later movie date.  The food and service was another 2 stars! I will definitely go back and take friends with me!  Lots of friends!
<review# 755,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2012,9/27/2012,65,117,3,4,3>Holy god is the service here ever fast and is the pizza ever thin.In my quest to try the all the "we do the best mushroom and truffle pizza" places in Calgary, I was at Without Papers on the weekend to see what their chefs can do with '00' flour, wild mushrooms and truffle oil. My pizza was at my table in less than 10 minutes.Before food, a note on location: Had I not googled the address and followed my little map to the letter, I never would have found the place.The sign is small and when you do think you have found it, one must stand in front of the door and decipher the words letter by letter because the type is so hard to read. Now, I'm not an 85 year old grandma, I don't wear glasses and English is my first language; but even I had a hard time reading this sign. I am a bit of a type snob and, I apologize Without Papers for the unsolicited advice, but you have some typography issues.Once I did find it, get it, and apologize to my lunch partner for being 20 minutes late, starving, I ordered the Shroom pizza. Every pizza joint in Calgary has a version of this recipe. It's a simple formula: mushrooms of some variety + truffle oil + arugala + limited cheese + thin ultra, crispy crust. Without Papers' has studied their pizza math, because their formula hit the flavours spot on.Through the flavour, the hint of truffle oil and the good price, there was one issue that stood out for me about the Shroom pizza. It's greasy. Literally, the pizza dripped.Myself, I like a little grease, and sometimes even a little too much grease; but this was a little too much much grease.  However, the flavour outshone the oil and I ate every last drop.Now that I know where Without Papers is, I will be sure to go there more often when in Inglewood; with extra napkins and especially if I'm in a hurry.T.
<review# 756,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2012,9/26/2012,52,76,3,5,3>What a dope venue to attend! I love the entire setup of the place, it seems to really want to accommodate live shows, bands, comedians, that kinda thing. I recently was able ti check out this place when one of my good friends who is in a band called Flight had the opportunity to play a gig here.The stage is nicely lit up so you can actually see who is playing. The servers here were super attentive when it came to getting us new pitchers of beer and getting us snacks to much on which by the way was delicious (fries with gravy on the side).There are quite some characters who hang out at this joint too like this old ass fella who kept whipping his cowboy hat around and swinging the hanging light to add ambiance to the current bands set.Heehaw!
<review# 757,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2012,9/25/2012,57,118,3,6,3>Itoko Sushi opened its doors just a couple months ago (May 2012), so they're still new!!  Itoko Sushi is located in Chaparral Drive in the SE of Calgary.  It's tucked away in a corner of the 'strip mall' in the same area as the Tim Hortons and the Mac's.Spence and I have been meaning to try this new sushi place out but we've been hesitant because we already have a favorite sushi place and we didn't think anything would measure up (service, quality, and atmosphere-wise).  His parents live close by so after we dropped some stuff off; we decided to try Itoko Sushi.  Pulling up, there is a shared parking so you're sure to find a spot even if it's not right at Itoko's doors.It was about 6:30PM when we pulled up; there was a lot of parking so we got a spot up close.  Right when you walk in, you can see the prep area. We were then greeted from afar (they were standing at the till).  We were the only customers there so we found the space to be very open.  We were told we can pick anywhere to sit so we decided to sit at a booth.  The booths are huge!  I think they can fit ~6 people!  We were handed a takeout menu to order from...and then we asked Courtney (our waitress) for suggestions and she suggested the most popular rolls and her favorite rolls.  We got some tea and water for beverages and then decided to go with a miso soup to start ($1.50), 4 Salmon sushi ($1.65 ea.), 2 Tuna sushi ($1.65 ea.), Spicy salmon roll (4 pcs, $2.75), Philadelphia roll (4 pcs, $2.95), Crispy spicy dynamite rolls (8 pcs, $7.55) and the Salmon mango rolls ($10.95).The food came out in a timely manner and everything looked great.  I dove right into the salmon sushi which was yummy!  The pieces of sashimi were thick, nicely cut over the sticky rice and seemed pretty fresh!  Courtney suggested two different rolls: Salmon mango rolls and the Crispy spicy dynamite rolls (which are deep fried).  At first I thought to myself "Deep fried sushi??!....weird" but then when we got it, it was AWESOME!!  The crispy dynamite rolls (shrimp tempura, avocado, cucumber) were very lightly battered but noticeable and it adds a nice crisp to the rolls.  When I put the roll in my mouth, it kind of mushed together and melted in your mouth.  The Salmon mango rolls (shrimp tempura, avocado, cucumber, salmon, mango, mango sauce, tobiko) were good, I like sweet and savory rolls and I wished that the mango sauce was a little stronger, otherwise, it was good.  For the Philadelphia roll (smoked salmon, cream cheese, avocado) it was awesome!  I love the cream cheese in the sushi...gives it a nice taste and texture.  Lastly, the Spicy salmon roll (salmon, cucumber, spicy sauce) were great...not too spicy but just enough.  Oh! I almost forgot to mention we got some complimentary tempura yam and tempura avocado!  They just came by and gave it to us to try.  It was nice, crispy and tasty!! :)Overall, our experience at Itoko Sushi was fantastic!  The service was great.  The food was awesome and it left me wanting to go back again ASAP!!  Not to mention the prices are pretttty good for what you get.   It looks like Spence and I have a new found love for another sushi place...
<review# 758,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2012,9/24/2012,48,110,,9,1>Good quality burger - large, lean, densely packed patty.  What really made this burger memorable was the addition of the produce and the cheese bun (Rustic Sourdough Bakery). The vegetables were so sweet and fresh - I could have just eaten the bun and vegetables on its own. Of course, Alberta beef makes everything better, and this was no exception. With the combination of the meat and vegetables - it was a marriage made in flavor heaven.
<review# 759,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2012,9/23/2012,137,253,4,5,4>Welcome back FIasco!  You were definately missed every since the disaster with the fire and everything.  And congrats on the Best of Calgary award, it was well earned.At their BoC party, I was introduced to their staff one on one, and how awesome was that?  You get to ask exactly what was their duties, but more importantly get to try out the fruits of their labour as it was literally made fresh sometime in the last 2-3 days (and sometimes the same day!).  The S'mores was sublime, the Pomegranite was great and I there were so many really wicked flavours that I just can't get enough of.Also having met their creative lunatic in charge of new flavours (honestly, who thinks of Fried Chicken and Waffle gelato???), I got to be introduced to the methods and was amazed by the balance of actual fruit that's used in their many fruit flavoured gelatos and sorbettos.  Add the high fat content and how little air, and you have a high quality product that I'm absolutely enamored of.  Now, my only problem is to figure out how to eat the stuff regularly without going into a diabetic coma.  Something to work on!
<review# 760,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/2/2012,9/22/2012,42,163,3,3,2>Went here for the always entertaining Evil Dead : The Musical play.  I'd never been to this particular theatre spot, oddly, but I'd go to great lengths to see my favourite play.  It's a decent little place complete with a small bar and play merchandise in one big room, vending machines in a small hall and the coat check you'd see at most live theatre venues.  Side-note : I have a ton of love and respect for live theatre and the people that pull it off.  It takes talent to create the sets and to do the acting and singing.  I couldn't do either.  I'd likely put a nail through my hand building a set, and drink far too much to memorize lines and timing.  Top that off that if anybody outside hears me singing in the shower, it would likely be followed by dogs howling, cats hissing in the the streets and multiple phone calls to the police requesting them to shoot me and don't ask questions later.The theatre itself is spacious enough that I didn't feel cramped and uncomfortable (other than the man in front of me having the special mutant ability of the most powerful neck in the world considering the size of his head....) The sound is decent, though one of the actor's mics was failing for periods of time during the show.  Thank goodness he had a booming voice."But Blake you handsome and wise man," you may ask, "why only 3 stars?"Well, this theatre is kind of hidden if you're not too familiar with the area as I'm not.  The parking is all along the street since the fairly small parking lot is only for staff (not a huge problem but if you're not fairly early, you have some walking to do) My big problem is that aside from the merchandise stand, the bar only takes cash.  That wouldn't be a problem with me if there was a debit machine in the Pumphouse.  Nope.  There isn't.  When I was told that, the only thing I could say was "What?!" The closest debit machine is at the Greyhound station.  This "No debit machine for you, silly man" concept seems fairly odd to me.  And since I had no cash on me, I became dangerous.  Blake doesn't like being without access to booze on a Friday night.  If they solve this ATM situation, I'm better.  And no, I don't feel like thinking ahead and taking out cash before I come next time.  Take that, common sense!
<review# 761,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2012,9/21/2012,56,63,4,8,5>Words simply do not do enough service to describe Cassis Bistro, and to document this evening via Instagram would simply dilute the purity of what this small, but incredible place represents. Simple, farm-fresh ingredients paired with the kind of passion for food that owner, Gilles Brassart has had since he was a child, result in the kind of French dining experience that's in store for you.The moment you walk in the door, you are warmly greeted like you are an old friend. The atmosphere of the space is cozy, very French with a little contemporary styling to bring it all together. The servers are very knowledgable and friendly and have intimate knowledge of the various selections on the menu in addition to the techniques used to prepare them. This is a good sign since the worst thing a restaurant can do is not let the servers try the food.The food is seasonal, using whatever is fresh and the preparation is simple, yet very technique driven. For example, the stuffed squid salad (a family recipe from Gilles) is an incredibly flavourful dish which highlights the delicate flavours of prosciutto, parsley and garlic, which is stuffed into the squid then quickly seared. It is then simply served in slices with a bed of fresh greens. Phenomenal.The lamb chops are cooked to blushing perfection, served with a classic ratatouille which has been refined for the times. The texture and composition of the individual vegetables in the finely diced assemblage are on point and consistently even. Nothing is too soft or too hard. Chef Dominique Moussu has some serious skills.Nothing fell short on this visit to Cassis Bistro. If you are looking for an upscale casual evening of dining on food driven by passion, you are in the right place.
<review# 762,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2012,9/20/2012,194,334,,5,1>The Cherry Pit rocks!The reason why I love this little place so much is for its imports.  Seriously, there is fruit that you can buy there, that I haven't seen anywhere else.For example, over the years, I have bought hard-to-find fruits such as fresh figs and my most recent find there was two different kinds of passionfruit.  If a fruit is in season, 9 out of 10 times I find it there as opposed to anywhere else.That to me, is what makes the Cherry Pit unique.  Other than that, it is hit and miss on whether it is the best pricing or not.  But overall, if you want to make one stop only for your produce, it is almost a guarantee the Cherry Pit is the only stop you will need to make.
<review# 763,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2012,9/19/2012,429,445,6,6,7>Growing up; whenever I wanted authentic Filipino desserts and snacks that my Mom would talk about, we had to wait for a giant Balikbayan (Literally "Go Home," or "Go back to the Homeland") box to arrive at the house. Usually three times a year. Then we moved to Daly City, which is like mini-Manila right in the Bay Area. Pandesal, Polvoron, Choc-Nut were all suddenly down the block, instead of a three month wait. Manila Convenience Store reminds me of those times. Everyone who works here is incredibly friendly, remembers your name, and what you like. They'll set a couple aside for you if you mention it's your favorite. They'll patiently listen to your out-of-practice Tagalog. A couple of times a week, they'll get fresh baked goods in. I'll undo a week's worth of sit-ups for fresh sapin-sapin covered in toasted coconut. Stop here for snacks and then Willow Park Wine & Spirits for San Miguel, and you'll have all the things you need for a Pacquiao Fight-Night party. Even frozen banana leaves to thaw out and place on the table, for extra fanciness! If the steep prices at the few Calgary Filipino restaurants have deterred you, you can pick up Filipino delicacies in one of the many freezers at Manila Convenience; to re-heat and try out at home. What I always get? The vegan salt and vinegar pork rinds :).
<review# 764,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2012,9/18/2012,138,614,,3,3>This was NOT my meal but I tried this beautiful 3 piece meal, every part of it -  fried chicken, fries and coleslaw, not to mention a little fritter that was thrown in.I try to watch what I eat and fried chicken is not my thing but it is M's thing so in we went and he zipped through the line inside this funky take-out chicken place while I waited in the car. Fast service and he said his 3 piece meal cost him $8. Impressive for Calgary standards! This was our first time trying this place out. BETTER than KFC, in our opinion. The chicken was fresh, we got 3 different pieces which is nice. The fries - I noted some people thought they were soggy on some reviews here - wow, we like them that way and they were seasoned perfectly! The fritter was deelish. I could have eaten a lot of those.The coleslaw was good too, and usually I am not a fan. Overall, just a good meal for those who like fried chicken and deserve a treat now and then! I loved how they wrap each box with care, like a gift!I was asked to rate this a 5 star by M, and I would have to agree. I was trying to focus on my own Vietnamese meal but it was difficult. Man, that chicken skin was sinfully good!We shall return!
<review# 765,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2012,9/17/2012,14,65,,6,2>As I was finishing up a particularly stressful school semester, I thought about booking a massage as a treat to celebrate the end of the semester and the start of summer. From past experience, I now know that massages at busy spas need to be booked a few weeks in advance to get a good selection of appointment times. My default spa for massages has been Stillwater Spa, but I wanted to try something new this time. I had a fantastic pedicure at Riverside last year (see previous 5-star review), so I thought it would be safe to bet that the massages would be great too. The massage was everything I'd hoped for. My RMT asked me what areas I wanted to focus on, and checked a few times if I was happy with the pressure. In addition to the usual legs and back, she worked on my neck and shoulders, and even a bit of hands, scalp and face. The spa is very clean and has a pleasant atmosphere. The amenities include snacks in the waiting room, robes, sandals, lockers, rainfall showers, and a crazy good steam room. For me, a spas extra amenities are only as good as their steam room, and the steam room at Riverside is top notch. The steam has a very soothing eucalyptus scent. My friend was sitting only a couple meters away, and at peak steaminess, I couldn't see her! The massage at Riverside is a bit pricey, but still less expensive than Stillwater. I will definitely be booking my next massage here!
<review# 766,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2012,9/16/2012,41,412,3,4,3>Why 5 stars?... Because they really deserve it!!... Everything was delicious!!.. Since the beginning to the end!!.. Nothing to complain!!.. They have a Thai beer which is really good, even when I am not a beer lover, I think this was not bad. My father who knows about beers, loved it!... I had a cocktail and it was great!! To start I had the Tom Kha soup and it was exquisite!!... The spring rolls were great too!.. As a main course we had the pad Thai and the red curry beef to share. I can't say which one was better. Both were AWESOME!!..  The dessert was Incredible just like everything we tried!!.. To complete the 5 stars the service was excellent!!.. The waiters are very friendly and the prices very reasonable. Also, the place is very beautiful. I think there is not one thing I didn't like!!.I can't wait to go back there!!
<review# 767,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/20/2012,9/15/2012,5,42,3,2,2>This is super close to my work so frequent it quite a bit when I am too lazy to make a lunch (which seems to be every day).  I usually get their made to order sangies which are super good and fresh.  I buy their salads a lot too (BLT is my fav) and sometimes the pre-packaged mini pitas with side veggies mmmm.  I usually don't hit up their buffet but it is always lined up so they must be doing something right.  I did have some soup today and it brought me back to when I was 6 months old (not a good thing).  I'm not saying that I remember what food tasted like when I was less than a year old, but this had to have been pretty close to this soup.  It was the cream of veg, maybe should be called lump of veg instead.  I have only had soup/chili a few times here but it has been underwhelming every time.  Stick with the fresh sandwich bar and packaged salads and you should be good.  p.s. watch out for the dessert cooler while you wait in line to pay, it can be very tempting, especially if you are hungry.  20/30
<review# 768,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/4/2012,9/14/2012,91,31,,4,2>I had never heard of the Club House until my friend suggested we go there last night. I've had lots of asian cuisine but never Korean food so I was excited to see what it was like.We were both pretty hungry so we ended up getting #11, which is basically a meal for 2. It comes with a lot of small dishes - fish, rice, tofu, eff, a few different types of veggies, soup and some sprouts. We also had rice tea (which as my friend described, tastes like dishwasher soapy water haha). It wasn't that bad but was definitely a different taste. I like how sushi you have green tea, vietnamese you have jasmine and korean you have rice tea.I really liked the varied flavours and that I felt somewhat clean after eating it since it was all steamed and was pretty light on the stomach. Their chopsticks were sweet since they were metal and not the crappy wood ones you have to break apart wishbone style and worry about splinters.If you're looking to try a new place around the NW/Bowness, I'd highly recommend trying the Club House!
<review# 769,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2012,9/13/2012,190,342,3,5,3>Had a lovely breaky at the coup.Food: my el sombrero with smoked tofu was VERY good (can choose between egg or tofu filling) with a side of hash, salsa and sour cream....the salsa had a sweet taste to it and was quite enjoyable. ($13.50).Friends had the frittata daily special, and mediterranean scramble which both looked very good as well.Drink: basil lemon-limeade was also very good being the right amount of tartness! ($6.50)Great food, good service, busy busy, I think we got the last table @ 9:30 am, so go a bit earlier for breakfast/brunch.Would definitely come back for lunch / dinner.
<review# 770,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2012,9/12/2012,25,76,5,4,2>Is it illegal to steal two cute Vietnamese women and take them home? I'm gonna go with yes. Yummy Cafe is a little ma and pa spot tucked away in the bottom of a commercial building by my office in the NE. It's very small with about eight seats and a little service counter. Basic handmade signs are strewn about with the menu items and daily specials. It's really cute. It's what you would think it is-deep friend treats, burgers, sandwiches and a number of quick Asian dishes. All of that said, they are sooooo friendly you want to come back just to say hi. The food is pretty good (I love the Yummy Sub which is their Vietnamese sub), the burgers are yummy with fries and the grilled cheese is also a treat. They stocks lots of drinks, chips, bars and snacks for that 2:30 craving as well. Likely no one will ever be by this place unless you work within a one block radius and can walk on your lunch break-which thankfully I do.April challenge 10/30
<review# 771,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2012,9/11/2012,130,261,5,5,6>When I lived in Bridgeland a few years ago, this was known as just the IDA. I remember being so fascinated by this little place, because all of the non-persihables downstairs make it seem like a bomb shelter. Fast forward to now; I have a few friends living in the area and recently visited again. I feel as though Lukes got like ten times cooler. Downstairs, the produce still sucks and some stuff is overpriced. However, Lukes has the cheapest Kicking Horse Coffee in town if that's what you're into, and has started to carry more cool products such as Luna and Larry's coconut ice cream, and more organic brands for reasonable prices. Upstairs, I didn't really look around at the necessities. I did find a ton of cool stuff though, such as affordable Moleskine journals, Rocky Mountain Soaps, my favourite kind of chocolate, and beer making kits! Could you get any cooler, Lukes?! Also, I have never had a bad experience with the staff here, they are all real friendly.
<review# 772,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2012,9/10/2012,35,291,3,7,3>Back again!  Had the olive chicken main plate for lunch, on the recommendation of the waiter.  Normally I wouldn't order chicken, but previous experience here has shown that they pack a lot of flavour into simple dishes.  Ordered tortilla and scallions with romesco sauce as sides. This meal lived up to those expectations.  Based on consistency of execution, I'm upping my rating from 4 to 5 stars. Tip: be sure to order some bread to mop up all the delicious sauce if you get the chicken, or just to enjoy the locally-pressed Turkish olive oil and gray salt it comes with.
<review# 773,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2012,9/9/2012,62,103,17,11,6>When I was younger I had a shirt that said "Clive" on it in fancy lettering. That shirt pissed me off because for months I thought it said "Jive". Upon discovering the horrible truth I couldn't find any definition for the word "Clive". So there I was, some dork in a Clive shirt that nobody understood. That has very little to do with this review, but I need you to understand that for this bizarre reason I was pre-determined to not like Clive Burger. It took some introspection while staring at my bedroom ceiling before I realized the source of my dislike for a place I had never been, but, well, there it is. Psychoanalysis complete.Luckily, Clive won me over.Going to Clive is like meeting the sexiest hippy you've ever come across in your life while attending a business course; a Hippy who unabashedly sports long dreadlocks but also happens to be listening to Bon Iver on an Ipod they fashioned out of all-organic coconut husks while wearing a pinstripe three piece suit made of fair-trade cotton."Hippyster", if you will. The place is extremely trendy; whoever is responsible for their branding hit several home runs. The space they're in is ultramodern and you feel slightly cooler for being in there, smiling as people walk by and thinking to yourself "I am SO in right now."But then, behind all the suave branding is one of the most environmentally aware businesses I've come across in the city. Everything they give you is compostable - from the burger boxes to the corn plastic cups your shakes come in. Their beef is some sort of crazy organic meat setup where I'm sure the farmers hug the cows and give them names and insist that they are only hand-fed grass grown in a terrarium. Oh, and they have Gluten-Free and vegetarian options, but why a vegetarian would go anywhere that ends in "Burger" is beyond me. Maybe it's the same reason straight people go to a gay bar.The greatest thing about Clive, and what I'm shocked nobody is really emphasizing, is that unlike other burger joints (like the massively underwhelming Loungeburger) you can put as many extra toppings on it as you want without having to pay more (With the exception of cheese and bacon). I can't emphasize enough how rad this is. It's like buying a car and then having the salesman tell you that you can add an obnoxious sound system, spinning rims and an 8 foot spoiler for free. Suddenly you're driving the coolest Prius in the neighborhood. But seriously - add jalapenos, mushrooms, caramelized onions, hot sauce, special sauce, mayonnaise, two kinds of mustard, ALL. FOR. FREE!!!!!! But sadly, reader, I took this privilege too far. I ordered a double burger with cheese. Then out of foolish excitement, I pretty much added every single optional topping there was. What arrived to me was indeed my burger, but I had created a goopy, dripping monster.Granted, they gave me exactly what I asked for, but my burger looked like burger soup. How did it taste!?Glorious. Not the best burger I've ever had in my life, but a great addition to Calgary's food scene and far and away less embarrassing than going to Harvey's ("Oh, you actually come here too!? High five!")But the joy doesn't end there. Crispy fries cooked up in Peanut Oil are sure to please, unless you've got a peanut allergy in which case you will die a horrible death upon consuming just one.Their shakes are delicious also; I sampled one but can't recall the flavor, probably because I had seared my tastebuds off at that point eating hot sauce, hot mustard and jalapenos amidst a sea of other toppings.Not feeling a shake? Good news, they're licensed.In the end, Clive's friendly service, super-customizable burgers and environmental awareness make it a fantastic place to drop by. It's not the best burger you've ever had - and if you don't add the extra toppings the price point might seem a bit high - but I was a happy customer.Not quite happy enough to go dig out my old "Clive" shirt, but close.
<review# 774,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2012,9/8/2012,266,478,4,6,5>I discovered Sharwarma and Falafel City during one of my lonesome but pleasant Kensington strolls. I walked by the sign and saw "Falafel City" and recalled the one time I saw "Falafel Hood". I thought to myself "Self. There is no way you are eating at an establishment that has 'Hood' in it's name" and walked on. The month or so later I drove by a place called "Falafel District" and drove on because I didn't care.But then JUST around last January when I was driving out of town I SWORE I saw a place called "Falafel Village". So after seeing Falafel city I decided to put a stop to this absurdity and marched in. Much to my surprise it was a relaxed environment with a neat cafe style dining room. They had wifi and a television screen that appeased me because it was showing a classic episode of Iron Chef and became INSTANTLY MUUUUUNGGGRRRYYY . I forgot my beef as soon as the Gentlemen behind the counter greeted me like I was a pub regular. Small talk ensued and soon I ended up ordering a Falafel.Now I'm not a Falafel expert in that I know every step there is to making this glorious street food, at least on a level like some coffee connesiuers who go BANANAS the moment a server gives them drip coffee, but I noticed a few things that made Shawarma and Falafel City unique from most places. They fried your falafels on the spot! Wow did it make the difference, nothing like the texture of oily hot falafel adding extra MMMMMMMMMGOODNEZZZZ to your wrap. They also piled on a generous helping of fresh veggies and herbs. When it came to sauces they played the "say when!" game. Me likes a lot of garlic sauce and hot sauce on mine. Me also likes the painful rejection of women who come within my proximity after having consumed Falafel wraps.The price was reasonable. For 7 bucks you can get a medium sized wrap which can either be a Falafel, Shawarma, or a Donair or if you're feeling frisky ALL of the MEAT (Yes I know Falafel isn't made out of meat). For 10 bucks you can get a bigger wrap. But like I said, these folks love to pack it down and make sure you're biting into a BRICK.Oh you best believe I'll be back!But seriously stop attaching settlements after "Falafel" as names. It ends with "city". What's next? Falafel Metropolis? Or....FALAFELOPOLIS!! o_O
<review# 775,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2012,9/7/2012,67,339,3,3,3>This little shop recently opened up right by my work. It's been awhile since we've had something only a few steps from our building. It is brand new and as a result is very clean with all new equipment and fixtures.When I arrived there were three customers actively interacting with the lady assembling the subs and two others standing waiting. The way the store is laid out it was hard to determine who was waiting to order vs who was waiting to receive their food. However within 10 seconds of my arrival the very friendly man on cash waved me over so I didnt have to try to figure things out on my own.I ordered a pork sate sub. All the prices on the menu include GST which makes it easy to figure out. $6 for a decent sized sub is not bad in my opinion for a downtown Calgary lunch. The sandwich assembly lady was super friendly as well, serving customers quickly while still taking time to explain different ingredients and toppings, making sure guests were okay with spicy etc. (and if they weren't, adjusting accordingly). After she assembled my order, she made sure to give me napkins and then sincerely thanked me for supporting their new business. Awesome!My sub was SO good. Warm, crusty bun, just the right amount of spicy heat, super fresh ingredients like cilantro, carrot, onion and cucumber. The flavours all danced together beautifully. Yum Yum in my tum!I'll be back for sure. So nice to have something good, inexpensive and served by nice people, so close to work!
<review# 776,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2012,9/6/2012,67,205,,3,2>Boxwood is tiny but doesn't feel cramped--keep in mind I grew up in a mega-city, so my idea of personal space might be cozier than most people's. I've mostly come here for lunch, and it's best to arrive between 1130-1145 to beat the noon rush. On a mild day, get patio seating. The menu changes regularly, but if you've been to River Café (sister restaurant on Princes Island) you're already acquainted with proprietor Sal Howell's philosophy: local/regional + sustainable slow food, meant to be savoured and experienced. In the middle of a busy workday, this reprieve is not an indulgence, it's a balm for the harried soul.
<review# 777,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2012,9/5/2012,25,170,3,3,1>I visited Pho 88 on a recommendation from my sister-in-law.  Upon entering, my senses were flooded with the scent of mothballs.  Luckily, the adaptive processes of the brain helped me to acclimate.I had a Vietnamese soup and mango bubble tea.  Both were delicious, and the bubble tea was extremely smooth and creamy.Unfortunately, I visited again the next day for a bubble tea, and I had a very different experience.  It had fairly large ice chunks, which led me to chew it more than I drank it.I would still go back, but would make a point of needing the bubble tea well-blended (if I want ice chunks in a drink, I'll get a frap at Starbucks).
<review# 778,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2012,9/4/2012,157,283,,3,2>After hearing about this place for quite some time and waiting patiently for it to open, I finally ventured down to Inglewood this morning looking for my coffee fix.Loved the decor.  The staff & coffee barista were incredibly friendly, informative and helpful.  My cappuccino was exceptional, one of the best I've ever had in Calgary.I allowed myself a chocolate croissant treat only because they were sitting on the counter staring at me and I'm so elated I did indulge.  The croissant was melt in your mouth magnificent and it took me back to time spent in Paris many years ago, eating yummy pastries, drinking expresso and not understanding a word anyone said.  Good Times. Good Memories.I can't wait to try this place again...perhaps in the evening to enjoy a glass of wine and/or pick up some P&S coffee beans.
<review# 779,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2012,9/3/2012,67,141,2,1,3>We were looking for a late night patio in mission and decided to hit up vin room. The roof top patio is perfect. Our server was fantastic. Charming, good raport, and just the right amount of attentiveness. We had a lovely bottle of wine and a few tapas: eggplant chips, lamb kabobs, and a couple of oysters. The lamb kabobs stole the show, so tender and spiced perfectly. Delish.
<review# 780,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2012,9/2/2012,116,106,4,8,5>I primarily come here for Gamer Sundays, where gamers from all walks of life (board, tabletop, video, card, etc) unite and take over the pub one day a week in an orgy of nerdom.The brainchild of Miles and Ryan (who double as servers and barkeeps), Dickens used to be closed on Sundays until they asked the boss if they and their friends could use the venue to play Heroscape (a tabletop game).  Now Dickens is open to the public and everyone's invited to bring their own games to play, and Miles and Ryan have an assortment behind the bar if you didn't and want to play something (My favourite is Mr. Bacon's Big Adventure; a Snakes-and-Ladders type game but with various meats).Starcraft commentary courtesy of GSL runs on all the house video screens (live combat when available), and some people bring their XBox 360s and arcade sticks (and their own LCD monitors) to play Street Fighter tournaments.  Some even hook up their video consoles to the bar's LCD monitors for quick local gameplay action.The special of the day is an $8 dollar all-day breakfast consisting of a half-pound of hashbrowns, two strips of bacon, two eggs done your way and a couple of slices of texas toast.  Note that while the bar opens at noon on Sundays, the kitchen opens at 1 p.m. and closes around 8:30 p.m. unless there's a concert happening that night (in which case, it closes around 11 p.m.).  Ryan will even whip up gamer-inspired drinks and cocktails if you're looking for Mana Potions or various coloured Elixirs to drink.My favourite part is that everyone comes there to play and it's very easy to walk-in on a game and join in, or even engage the barkeepers in a game or two (in between their serving runs).  It's the highlight of my week (especially the breakfast; those hashbrowns are amazing!) and I try to drop in whenever I have Sunday free.  If you've never been, you should visit on a Sunday and check it out.  Be warned though:  If you show up, you show up to play.  If you crack open a laptop to do stuff like *gasp* check email or, heaven forbid, catch up on work, you *will* get razzed.  Bring your A-game, leave the work at home, and GAME ON! :-)
<review# 781,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2009,8/31/2012,35,25,,4,4>Hands down my #1 'western' chinese food restaurant. Nothing even compares. Avoid take-out when you can, like all chinese food, the in-restaurant taste is 10x better. Why do you ask? My theory is because when the package up the food for delivery, the steam softens some of the tastier items, specifically Ginger Beef, which while originally crispy loses a bit of its edge.Left overs from Bill's is awesome too, for best results reheat in the oven.
<review# 782,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2012,8/30/2012,31,18,,4,3>This place is amazing!A family run business that CARES about the customer and delivers incredibly delicious food!!I used to work next door and would go every other friday.Now I work from home and miss the awesome food.It doesn't matter what the season is, there is always a lineup out the door.Yup, rain snow or sleet, the customers of the Chick Pea know it is worth the short wait in inclement weather for some wicked goodness.I personally love the falafel.Can't get enough of theirs.And do not skip the baklava at the checkout.HUGE sheets of this honey soaked heaven await you.You won't be able to resist!! So Don't!!Excellent valueAffordable pricesExceptional service.LOVE LOVE LOVE this place!!
<review# 783,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2009,8/29/2012,3,41,2,21,4>I love Bushido!!! I got my first tattoo (1 butterfly) with Mike Peace (when he was there) and it's great, not my favorite, but definitely not bad. I got my second tattoo (2 butterflies) with Hilary, I have to admit she is definitely the most naturally talented artist to put ink on me. I loved her use of colour and shading, these 2 are by far the most realistic of all of my tattoos. And I finally got my last tattoo (a BIG piece, 4 butterflies and a lotus flower across my back) with Chrys G, he's got a very gentle touch with the needle! Its seriously did not hurt AT ALL. Compared to the others. It also healed amazingly fast, and I haven't needed any touchups. When I initially booked with Chrys he said my tattoo would take approx 3 hours. So he booked me for the last tattoo of the day. We ended up taking closer to 4 hours, which took us past closing, but he continued with it and in the end only charged me the 3 hours, then he drove me home because my ride said she couldn't come pick me up (as it was 10PM). Overall every experience I've had here has been amazing and very personal. Anyone who wants to get a nicely done, beautiful piece of art put on their body should go here. Good prices, very clean and extremely friendly staff.
<review# 784,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2012,8/27/2012,95,304,2,6,4>Shiraz has great ambiance and food. I found the prices to be a bit above average, but I'm willing to pay for authenticity! Hummus was great. Love the amount of garlic, but more lemon juice than I like (I really LOVE to taste the bean and the garlic the most). Really enjoyed the Shirazi salad (diced tomatoes, onions, cucumbers, and chopped parsley with our fresh lime, lemon juice and olive oil dressing). I tried the Khoreshteh Fesenjaan (Pomegranate Stew) for my entree. It was a little sweeter than I expected (I know it says pomegranate right on there, but I thought it'd be more of an accent than the only discernible flavour) and I tried the lamb shanks which I'd definitely suggest. I'd love to come back and try some of the combo platters, definitely a great experience. The wait staff made you feel like you were having a home cooked meal :)
<review# 785,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2012,8/26/2012,50,124,3,4,5>Atlas is a place I've driven past a few thousand times, but never paid much attention to it.  The name "Specialty Food and Supermarket" left me with the impression of an ethnic grocery store, as opposed to a sit down restaurant.However, at the suggestion of a co-worker, 5 of us hit it up for lunch recently.It turns out it is indeed primarily a Persian restaurant (with an aisle of take away grocery food-stuffs, which I guess is the "Supermarket" part).From a dining perspective, the double sided menu provides plenty of variety, with some dishes, but not all, coming in "half orders."  However, for us the meat kabob section beckoned.  We asked our waitress to bring an assortment of everything for us to try (in both regular and spicy).Two large platters of meat and grilled vegetables arrived a short time later, as well as a big plate of saffron rice for each of us.  It was the equivalent of the "full order" meals for 5 people - and I can assure you, it was a LOT of food.  And a lot of food is my friend.There were chicken, striploin, and ground beef kabobs.  All were quite tasty, though the "spicy" variations really aren't that spicy at all.  Interestingly, the kabobs also are incorporated into the "wraps" menu.  Though I haven't tried them, something like the ground beef crumbled into a pita with veggies and sauce, falafel style, sounds delicious.  Next time for sure, as I will most definitely return!
<review# 786,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2012,8/25/2012,33,258,6,5,4>Awesome vegetarian Indian buffet for $9.99! Decor is blah, cleanliness a bit blah. We were seated at a table with some clean glasses, some not. Luckily I picked out the dirty ones before pouring myself some water.The buffet is ridiculous. Went back for thirds. Try the turmeric turnips. Never had better buttery flavours in my life.Naan was rubbery, but not sure, some places will make fresh naan for your table. I was too busy stuffing myself with everything else.And those green mango pickles make me crazy. Couldn't wash my fingers for a while, they smelled so good!I've had authentic vegetarian Indian buffet before, and I have to say, the variety here blew my mind...
<review# 787,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2011,8/24/2012,46,29,,3,2>I was pleased to make this toy-rific store a part of my Yelp Shops Local Pledge for Christmas. I was specifically after North-American made, recycled plastics, ecco-friendly, and/or wooden toys depending on the selection for 12months+ toys. I was happy to find quite a selection. Not only this, but the toy I specifically went in for - a classic wooden Pound-A-Peg - was there! And for cheaper than I see it online at Indigo/Chapters. Supporting local, getting quality toys at great prices - how can you go wrong! I now will be a loyal customer for those kidlins in my life. Thanks for being awesome Livingstone & Cavell's!
<review# 788,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2011,8/23/2012,5,7,,3,3>This gem of a store is worth a visit - the last time I popped in they were offering an amazing selection of vintage french design posters. That being said, the furniture is the real highlight, with clean lines and that sleek modern look. You never know what you will find in this little shop!
<review# 789,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2012,8/22/2012,49,101,3,4,4>We went BACK to Vintage for a little redo of our previous experience, and boy what a time we had.  This time we were greeted by several wonderful hostesses all smiles and friendliness.  Our jackets were taken, we were shown to our very cool high bar table in the tavern.Geri Lynn greeted us right away and took our drink order, menus were presented at time of arrival.  Geri Lynn is beyond adorable.  She was efficient, friendly, super dooper cute and everyone just loved her.  I think we annoyed the sh*t out of her though.Our appies were the tuna tartare and beef tartare, both delicious.  Mains included the short rib x3, the lamb, tenderloin with bernaise, striploin.  Everyone over ate and groaned as they hugged their bellies full of delicious beers and beef.  Just delicious.The most surprising part of the night was the bill, no desserts but we had booze and appies and it was 330 for 6 people.  I was thoroughly impressed given the quality of the meals and service.  An amazing experience, I'm so glad we went back.
<review# 790,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2012,8/21/2012,86,132,7,7,2>How did I not know? How, Yelpers, how? I had never heard boo about Glamorgan cheese buns. Nothing. Then I moved into a rental down the street. The owner mentioned that we should try the cheese buns. I though "Meh...how good can they be?" My son loves Co-op cheese buns. I'm sure they're just as good, right? WRONG.Glamorgan cheese buns are phenomenal...and magical. You buy a whole bag & they disappear like smoke. It's an amazing trick...you should see for yourself.
<review# 791,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2012,8/20/2012,165,224,4,8,6>80th and Ivy is a new restaurant in town, and they know what they are doing. I checked out the place this weekend and had a very, very positive experience.From the moment I walked in, Jamie, the bar manager introduced himself to me and was really friendly. The restaurant was empty, but the patio was full. It was windy outside, so we sat inside. The decor is fresh, simple and modern. Very cool place to get together with some friends or an informal date. The menu is interesting and varied. Our table of 4 ordered a bunch of different things to share: the arugula salad, the rotisserie chicken sliders, margherita flatbread, tuna and watermelon salad and herbed frites. All the dishes were good, and well-presented. By the end of the meal, we were all satisfied, and not overly-stuffed. We also ordered some cosmos and some glasses of Moscato D'Asti. The drinks were very, very good. The cosmos were different from ones I've had at other places. More fresh, fruity and refreshing. And the Moscato was AMAZING. Absolutely PERFECT summer wine. The main standout of 80th and Ivy, however, was the service. Our waitress Chelsea was friendly, warm and gave the right amount of space. She seemed genuinely interested in providing us with nice, attentive service. Jamie kept to check up on us again while we were eating. My friends thought I must have known Jamie from before, seeing as to how attentive him and his staff were to us. But no, this was my first time there, and we truly felt like valued patrons. This is a rare occurrence in this city. Well, in any city for that matter.I would return to 80th and Ivy in a heartbeat. Fabulous atmosphere, excellent service and great drinks - 80th and Ivy is off to a superb start!
<review# 792,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2012,8/19/2012,11,54,6,5,4>As C.T. said Urban Rice is in the building that Double Greeting used to be in. It is in front right hand side of the first floor, where as Double Greeting was in the back. I am sure glad that I was not there the morning that Carol K was to possibly give her the wrong impression, as I am white. Like her when I am looking for a good dim sum place I want everyone else to be Asian and these customers were almost all seniors, so I was pretty sure my son and I were going to have some really good dim sum. All kidding aside I think I would enjoy eating dim sum with her as the wu-gok was really tasty. The baby octopus and curry squid were excellent, as were all the dumplings we had.. All the the chicken, shrimp, pork and vegetable dishes were fresh and nicely cooked, and the sauce for the chicken feet was delicious..
<review# 793,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2012,8/18/2012,8,9,2,2,2>Being a resident in Inglewood I am a firm believer in supporting the neighbourhood. Well, sometimes you just fall in love with places in your 'hood and sometimes you don't. In the Hose and Hounds case, I did.I frequent the Hose at least once a week for everything from meatball Thursdays (.25 cents a meatball and you get to choose any wing sauce you want on them), to wings to the amazing nachos and everything in between. Never ordered anything I didn't like.One of my favourite spots to hang out with a couple drinks after work  or in the middle of the afternoon or after a fun day of rafting. The staff are very personable and efficient. No complaints here, except they may on occasion poke fun at me :)Give it a try. It's unique, has a diverse crowd and is an all-around fun Inglewood time.
<review# 794,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2012,8/17/2012,83,568,1,5,3>I just ate, hands down, the best Lebanese food I've ever had.  Thanks to Erin D's accompaniment and recommendations, I was able to share The Veggie Mezza for Two, Burma and Layali Loubnan.  I cannot even begin to describe how flavorful and exquisite every morsel of this cuisine was.  The spices were plentiful but not overpowering.  I don't feel like I could kill fragile beings with my breath, which is how I recently felt after eating falafel elsewhere.  This is a smart and simply decorated bistro.  Casual attire is all you need in this laid back atmosphere.  Prices are reasonable for the quantity.  I had more than enough food.  I like to eat my entire meal and be totally satisfied, yet not take home leftovers.  Service was fine.I definitely would recommend Aida's to friends and out-of-town guests.
<review# 795,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2010,8/16/2012,3,38,,2,3>Great place to shop for Italian or other European ingredients.  This place has some obscure brands that dont even have English or French labels.  The grocery part of the market is nice, the deli is busy but efficient and the eat-in area is a bit limited in choice but high-quality and fresh tasting.   This place is way more authentic than other markets in town, and the prices are are decent
<review# 796,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2012,8/15/2012,25,88,,3,3>The voodoo lounge was a pleasant surprise. The booth was big and comfy and made visiting with all the interesting guests at our table all the better. The ambiance was fun but still not too loud. There are at least a dozen tv's all playing sports for those that enjoy that kind of thing. I thought it was hilarious that all the tables were bolted to the floor. I guess the place can get pretty wild on the weekends. Our server was nice and patient with all our questions and we asked plenty. She was fairly attentive and kept our glasses full. She was also training a new server and that didn't get in the way of service at all. The main pull of the voodoo lounge is the choice on the menu. Everything is basically a build it your way idea. For instance Colin had a burger so you start by choosing how many patties, beef or chicken and begin to build it your way from there. Choosing off a list of what you want on your burger and then which sides you'd like. Everything on their menu is the build it your way idea. I really love this idea because I'm one of those people who always wants to change the order on the menu to fit what I like. To be honest when you pay for a meal you should always be able to have it the way you want it as long as they have the ingredients. Voodoo lounge also carries a list of fifty flavors for either wings, shrimp or pork bites. While having fifty options had me excited there are some HUGE problems with it. For one the list of flavors includes some inventive names but no explanation for what the actual flavor is. Some of the flavors are a dry rub and some were a sauce and the only way to really know was to ask. They really should make a small book to explain all the flavors and separate them by dry rub or sauce. Instead I spent twenty mins going over the list of fifty at light speed with a server and still barely knew what the flavors were like because she explained half as hot and the other half as pretty good. The last HUGE issue with the fifty flavors is that you have to have the whole pound in just one flavor. I have never had wings at a place that wouldn't even let you do half one flavor half another. Even Regal Beagle will let you do between five and ten wings for each flavor and that includes on wing night. Given that voodoo explains their flavors so poorly it's barely worth it.As far as the actual food went I was pleasantly surprised. The voodoo jungle caesar is more than meal sized so if you plan to eat more it's probably best to ask for the side caesar. Other than size my caesar was perfect. It was made with the hearts of the romain so the lettuce was crispy and a little naturally sweet. The dressing was not so much as too drown the salad and not too little so that all you tasted was lettuce. There was lots of fresh grated Parmesan all throughout the salad and plenty on perfectly cooked bacon. The croutons were sparse which is how I like it.  The dressing was creamy with a touch of garlic and just a taste of tang. To be honest it was one of the best caesar salads I have had in a long time. I ordered the sweet chili shrimp and the honey garlic  chicken wings. The sauce on the honey garlic wings was thick and well balanced but not that special. The chicken wings were the smaller sized bar kind which is how they should be for proper wings but they weren't a great quality. Maybe they were old meat or maybe I'm just used to eating my organic chicken wings at home and notice the processed stuff too much. The sweet chili shrimp were better than the chicken as far as the sauce goes. The sauce was thick and sweet with just a touch of heat. The shrimps were disappointingly small. Colin said he thought his burger was not bad for a restaurant but we still make better ones at home. The fries were the home cut with the skin still on which are much better than frozen fries. The gravy tasted really weird, it was almost tangy and sweet while at the same time having the classic beef flavor. One of my favorite drinks at a bar is the mojito and although there was barely any mint in mine voodoo still did a really tasty job of making mine. Lisa's mojito had berries in it too. Colin had the voodoo on tap special house beer which was called black magic. It's a really light colored beer that tasted like a lite pilsner.For a lounge they do a pretty good job at food and service. I'd go back here in a heart beat unless somewhere like Catch or River Cafe was an option. They have a dress code that included no sweat pants, steel toed boots or bandanas so keep that in mind if you are headed to the voodoo lounge.
<review# 797,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2012,8/14/2012,43,100,,4,1>Replacing the old, dark, once very popular Mercury Lounge, National brings in a bright, inviting new space to 17th Ave. This beer hall boasts a variety of seating arrangements with beautiful interior finishings. I was impressed with the way they made use of the space. They have lots of bar seating, group tables, and communal bench seating in the middle with numbers etched in each spot so that the wait staff knows where the food order goes. They have a decent variety of beers on the menu. I couldn't try many since I had to work the next morning, but I'll definitely come back because they have an eclectic list. The beer menu is organized by draughts and bottles, and then types such as "crisp and clean," and "red and hoppy," to steer non-beer connoisseurs in the right direction. Of course, they have options for non-beer drinkers too such as litre sized mason jars full of cocktails. Among the lists of beers, they have Rotational Selections which are written on the chalk boards and, obviously, rotated. I tried a Rotational Selection - the Rogue Irish Lager. It wasn't awesome... kind of tasted like feet. But that's okay, because there are probably better beers on the menu! You also get to pick the sizes: 14 oz, 20oz, Steins, and Flights.They also offer salty snacks, a raw bar, sharing plates, burgers and sandwiches, a sweet menu, etc. It seems like a lot, but it wasn't an overwhelming menu. It felt like a decent selection without being redundant. I ordered the 2 bite corn dogs. They were made with yummy smokies and served with mustard and some kind of mayo dip (I think). It was delicious! I think three mini corn dogs was probably too much, but it would have been perfect to share with two other friends.I had a great first experience. Since it's only a few blocks away from my new place and owned by a friend's cousin, I'll definitely be there a lot. Unfortunately, I can't give it a 5 stars yet because they need to earn it, but I am very happy to give it a solid 4 star rating! Yay, National!
<review# 798,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2012,8/13/2012,55,116,5,5,4>Came here for a yelp charity event and it was fun! The food was quite good but perhaps because I had heard from a couple of my friends that raw bar was "AMAZING!!" or ""the best" my expectations were not fully satisfied.   To be honest the thing I liked least about this place was the vibe. Weird lighting, strange music, that didn't quite fit the mood, it just felt off a little or incomplete or something. It just had a slight identity crisis. BUT it was still cool and I did enjoy the experience.The food was all good, well prepared though not super memorable, I would go back here again though and hope to come again spring time. I would say its definetly worth a try! And some cool food and drinks that they are known for . RAW
<review# 799,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2012,8/12/2012,65,135,4,4,3>FREAK LUNCHBOX IN CALGARY!?! YES!!!Being from Halifax, I used to frequent this place in the downtown core. So many different candies, chocolate bars, and pez!  Fun toys, knick knacks, lunchboxes, and more!Pros:So much awesometastic candy that you will lose your mindFun and friendly staff (just like home)Cute and funny knick knacks and bacon flavoured stuffSlushies!Chocolate bars to blow your mindExciting decor that just brings you into the storeCons:Umm... none. :)  Mmmmm candy.Of course I will be back and I am so excited that Freak has come out from the East.  Thank you!!
<review# 800,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2012,8/11/2012,98,157,4,4,4>Okay, this review is long overdue.Why?Because Bumpy's has long been my favourite coffee shop in all of Calgary!There is SO much I love about Bumpy's. Too much! This review could go on for days!But let me sum up ...All around, Bumpy's is the undisputed king (or queen) of all coffee shops in my book.-The interior is so fun, colourful and adorably kitschy.-The food is delicious and comforting-The staff is friendly, funny and helpful (not at ALL snobs, like you may experience in SOME OTHER coffee shops in town)-The espresso ... oh the espresso ... maybe not THE best in town, but certainly tied, or up there with the best, and oh so unique ... an almost "toasty" quality to it!Bumpy's is so great. While I am not OFTEN in the Beltline, any time I can find an excuse to visit Bumpy's, I am more than happy to comply. I love it.
<review# 801,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2012,8/10/2012,27,72,,5,3>There are times when everyone sometimes craves something less than healthy.  Spicy hit certainly isn't fine dining, but it sure does satisfy when I have that hankering for westernized Chinese delivery.  The food always shows up quickly, and if you are in a rush they seem to make an effort to get it to you right away.Spicy Hut  can have a bit more spice and flavor than other Chinese delivery joints (although the spice level varies quite a bit depending on the dish... In general, my feeling is that it's slightly spicier than your average bland 'westernized' Chinese food.  However, if you go in thinking Thai, you should probably ask for extra spice or lean toward the dishes that have a higher spice rating).  My two favorite dishes are variations on ginger beef.  The first is the ginger fried chicken.  Think ginger beef, but made with chicken instead.  Yum!  For another variation on ginger beef, try the crispy fried beef.  It's made with strips of marinated, spiced flank steak and has a lighter breading than is on ginger beef.The prices are reasonable, and the portion sizes are large.  Plan on having leftovers for several days.Next time you are thinking delivery, consider trying spicy hut!
<review# 802,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/19/2012,8/9/2012,48,224,3,5,4>We stumbled upon Cafe 22 and decided to try their pizza.  We loved all the delicious topping options, and the crust is one of the best stuffed crusts I've ever had.  It was soft, and the cheese was delicious.   They have very cheap beer, and its overall got a great vibe.My biggest complaint is that you cannot get the same pizza as delivery.   We called Cafe 22 and it is actually through Pizza Hotline.   So we somehow received a totally different pizza than what we had in their restaurant.   We tried asking about the special crust and toppings, and they had no idea what we were talking about.   Super disappointing we couldn't get the same pizza as delivery.
<review# 803,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2012,8/8/2012,85,210,2,5,4>I love breakfast and I've been hearing about the Blue Star Diner since it opened, so I knew I had to make a visit. Last weekend we got up to watch/photograph the sunrise so I figured a stop for a nice breakfast was the perfect idea.At 8am-ish parking wasn't really an issue... we got a spot on the street right outside the restaurant. Similarly, only about half the tables were taken so we got seated immediately. Everyone was nice & friendly, water served right away (and bottle left on the table, which I love) and coffee was good. I had the tomato & basil omelette and it was divine. A perfect mixture of everything and very tasty. The potatoes were also cooked to perfection and I very much enjoyed the (sourdough) bread and what appeared to be homemade jam. Yum! My dining partner had the blueberry banana pancakes and, although not a whole wheat fan, thought they were delicious - the whole wheat was not overpowering at all. All in all, I'll definitely be back (I like to walk my dog on Tom Campbell's Hill!) and would recommend it to my friends.
<review# 804,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2012,8/7/2012,10,49,1,6,4>I want to start this review by saying two words; Chicken. Paprikash. I recommend this is what you order your first time visiting Jonas. It's unpretentious, uncomplicated, and is totally satisfying. Jonas Restaurant is a small and unassuming restaurant that you might overlook if you weren't on foot or purposely seeking it out. But the little hole-in-the-wall feel it has is cozy and casual. Each table of guests receives a basket of European-style rye bread with butter and fresh sliced of jalapeno peppers. A seemingly odd combination at first, but fun to eat while you wait. Order one of the beers they keep in stock from central and eastern Europe and sip away the time while you wait for your paprikash. The small drinks menu on the table also lists a few Hungarian words and phrases along with their English translation, which I always think are fun to try and learn.The chicken paprikash is served with Hungarian nokedli dumplings, which are reminiscent of German spaetzle. They make the perfect sponge to soak up all the thick, creamy paprika sauce. The chicken is always tender and flavorful as well. For dessert, the Hungarian-style crepes are also delicious. They are pretty much exactly the same as Czech "palacinky" which are basically a thicker, slightly more rubbery version of a French crepe. Worth a try if you can even think about eating another bite of food after drowning the woes of your day in paprikash.
<review# 805,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2012,8/6/2012,40,81,4,6,1>These guys call themselves a fromagerie, but that's too fancy for me.  Instead, I call them my favorite cheesemonger.  Mostly because I LOVE the word monger and will use any excuse to work it into conversation.  Think about it, how many mongers are even out there any more?Fishmonger? Yes!  Cheesemonger?  Hell yes!What does it take to become a monger?  I'm not too sure, but if it's anything like the set up at Say Cheese, you can look forward to friendly service, a large blackboard with cheeses listed by type and price, tastings of new and unfamiliar cheeses, and reasonable prices.  When I was there on the weekend, the woman told me she's going to Quebec to make cheese with one of their suppliers.  I asked if she needs someone to hold down the mongership while she's gone.  Given the amount of tasting I usually do, she may have suspected my ulterior motives.These guys are hands down my mongers of cheese, but I am still looking for mongers of pickles, candy, wine, and sandwiches.  If you know any other mongers that may want me to taste their wares, I provide this valuable community service at no charge to them.  It's win-win!
<review# 806,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/28/2012,8/5/2012,115,261,2,4,3>I tried Mucho Burrito for the first time on Friday and I was pleasantly surprised!! I'd seen it before in the Suncor building where I used to work, but was always a little intimidated by the menu and I had no idea what to order. I then noticed that they opened a location in Crowfoot, and gave it a try for lunch. WOW!!! I ordered 3 tacos, 2 beef and 1 steak. They were excellent! I love the different condiments such as a variety of salsa and guac. Very flavorful and VERY good quality for a quick serve restaurant. The portions are a good size and everything tastes fresh. It's a bit more expensive than you're average Mexican place (think Taco Bell) but MUCH better, and better for you! We saw them cutting up the fresh steak for my tacos and I was hooked. Not to mention they serve beer here! I love how clean & modern the inside of the restaurant is. I left SO satisfied, and I cant wait to go back. I've found my new favourite lunch spot!
<review# 807,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2012,8/4/2012,40,98,3,4,2>Yes, it's priced on the higher side - although not as pricey as the crap hold called Ruan Thai - but definitely worth it.Again, it;s hard going to a retaurant that serves food for 150 times what you pay in Thailand itself, but whatever. I don't think I'd make most of these items at home.We ordered out, and ordered too much food for the 3 of us.We started with the Som Tum, a papaya salad with prawns, not bad, but needed more fish sauce. Then we had the Coconut soup which was amazing, and spicy enough to cause my eyes to water after the first bite (I was fine after the first 2 minutes). Then the pad thai, again, mediocre, which I find in most Thai places, yet it's one of the most common and seemingly easiest dishes to make. The noodles stuck together and didn't have enough peanuts or other ingredients to make it really great.Then there was the Crying Tiger marinated beef. It was less spicy thatn I had anticipated, but as good as well.The highlight of the meal, the Panang Duck Curry. Oh my god! Oh my! Amazing. Duck is fatty, and therefore tasty, and the eggplant was so amazing, I would've eaten it alone. It was so spicy, yet didn't take away from the flavor of the food. You know when it's so spicy you can't taste anything anymore, and you end up just shoveling it down quickly to get it over with, with a glass of milk to help.If you eat here, I absolutely recommend this dish. Next time I go, I'm ordering two, and not sharing.
<review# 808,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2012,8/3/2012,47,97,4,3,4>Food: 4/5Service: 2.5/5Overall experience: 3.5/5(1- Terrible; 3- decent; 5- Fantastic)Who knew this little hole in the wall had tasty yet decently priced sushi (considering it is located on 17 ave). I drove past this place several times and I thought it was this ghetto little shop with poor/okay quality sushi, which happens to be the case in Calgary. However, I was very mistaken. It's not ghetto, but it is fairly small, boasting only about 15 or so seats. There are tiny booths against the wall and a few chairs at the sushi counter where you can observe the chef making your sushi. The decor was nothing special. A typical low brow Japanese restaurant with a large mural of a pagoda and pictures of their 'special sushi rolls' plastered around the restaurant. I found the sushi pictures on the wall sort of helpful, but pointless at the same time since I couldn't see them all at once. Our server was a quiet young girl who attended to us when we needed it. It kind of bugged me that she didn't mention we had to go up and pay so we ended up sitting around for 15 min after eating, waiting for the bill to come. Unlike most Japanese places I've been too, there are no order sheets. You tell the waitress what you want while she feverishly writes it down by hand. I find this cumbersome especially if I just want to order a few pieces of sushi, or with a large group. There was surprisingly only 1 chef making sushi but he was very quick to prepare our meal considering I went with a group of 6 people. Their menu consists of your usual Japanese fair of miso soup, terikyaki, Yakisoba noodles, ramen, udon, bento boxes, and a variety of rolls. They also have a small Korean menu (Bul-go-gi, Bibimbap, Jap-chae) which was very interesting to see and may warrant another visit.I ended up ordering sashimi which costs about the same as other places, but the quality of the fish was top notch (no fishy taste) and they gave generous portions. I tried their tuna and salmon ($1.80/$1.90), Toro ($2.70), Hamachi ($3.00), and Butter fish ($3.00) which was new to me. Loved it all especially the Butter fish which is a white fish with a light, creamy texture. Their traditional rolls start at around $5.00-$6.00 and their "special" rolls are a little over $11. My friends ordered their: spicy tuna and spicy salmon (8 pieces of each), Dragon Roll ($11.95), Valentine Roll, and Fire Cracker Roll (tempura, hot pepper, sour cream, and smoked salmon). The portion of the sushi roll pieces were average (a little more than a loonie in diameter), but it was made well. Many of their special rolls had tempura in it and drenched in sauce which I don't enjoy as much. My other friend also ordered their Bento Special (about $16) which is enough to put you in food coma. There was salad, soup, rice, beef/chicken teriyaki, gyoza, half a roll and about 5 pieces of nigiri.. give or take. He said it was pretty good. Midori is definitely worth a visit! Their sashimi is fresh and the portions are decently proportioned for the price. The sushi rolls tasted good (nothing out of the ordinary) and the size was "fair". I will definitely come back to try the rest of their menu and sample more of their sushi!
<review# 809,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/15/2012,8/2/2012,19,212,4,4,1>Il Sogno is a Ferrari dealership inside an old railway shack, surrounded by trailer parks.Kitchen work is impeccable, and food is an example of a all but perfect American-Italian style. As usually happens, masterpiece portion size is barely enough not to feel hungry afterwards, but that's a common thing.Service is excellent, a bit on a snobbish side. Understanding that Il Sogno is a $$$ restaurant, $$$$ wannabe, I can absolutely understand that. Though trying to be exquisite while sitting in a rattish corner of the old building with hopelessly dated "interior design" may look a bit comical.But the building condition is not what drops "The Dream" from rightful four to mediocre three stars. Environment does the trick. There is a cluster of rehabs just across the bridge, and all sorts of dirty bums are constantly wondering the area. There was shattered glass from cars break-in in a parking lot, in front of Il Sogno.I doubt that anyone who can afford the price will get there by bus, but leaving a car on a tiny parking (or when filled up, on a nearby street) is just risky. Walking around after having a beautiful meal is simply not an option.Get the same people and move them into a decent building, in a reasonably safe and civilized area, and Il Sogno would really be a dream to discover. But not right now.
<review# 810,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/2/2012,7/31/2012,5,69,1,3,2>This is one of those ma & pa tiny convenience stores. It's not even found in the white/yellow pages(thus why next time I go I'll get the exact building address & take pics). It's an older building with huge old Coke signs out front. There is not really any other name on it. But the "official" name is Michelle's Convenience Store.Upon entering you will note that it is very tiny. Not really any aisles per say even. However, there is pretty much anything you might need under the sun(and then some). Into every single space imaginable there is everything from the regular cold bevvies, snacks, frozen treats, frozen micro food, some grocery items too...leading into stuff you didn't think could be found at such a place. Like drugstore bath & body products to first aid. Every time I go there I spot something different. If you're bored, it's quite the place to take a gander through. They also have a debit machine & I think even one of em lotto places where you can fill in those pieces of paper(I don't buy lotto tickets but have seen other people doing this there). Oh ya they also rent movies(not that anyone does this nowadays anymore).Prices are quite above what a grocery store would be, but on par with other places like Mac's or 7-11.  Not everything there is absolutely the finest in being fresh, so shop accordingly. Of coarse it's not an "actual" grocery store, so that is to be expected. The staff there is always prompt, courteous, helpful & patient.If you need something in a jiffy, that is close by, give them a try ;0).
<review# 811,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2012,7/30/2012,59,52,,6,2>I don't usually like the Japanese restaurants located in the downtown area, because I feel that most of these restaurants are not as authentic.....I feel that these restaurants would cater to certain group of people.  But Koto surprises me.  My friend got a coupon from Groupon, so we decided to use it and give it a try. Koto has a quite a selection on the menu.  The food is fresh.  The size of the sashimi and rolls are pretty big.  Overall I am satisfied with the freshness and taste of the food.  Price is reasonable as well.  However, our waitress was not very attentive.  When we requested her to bring us.....let's say, a bowl of rice, she would be gone before we finish our sentence.  But then later, she would come back to confirm if it is one bowl of rice we need or one bowl for each.  That would be fine too to confirm, but again, before we could finish our sentence.....she's gone....like wind.....  So, some people would say that's called efficient, but I just didn't appreciate that kinda efficiency.
<review# 812,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2012,7/29/2012,100,342,2,4,4>While the name can be No Table sometimes, it's still a wonderful restaurant. I live in the area so I'm here quite a bit and personally have never had table troubles. They have a wonderful weekend brunch, and this time of year you are able to sit outside and enjoy the sunshine, or if you want a little A/C inside is still gorgeously decorated. I have never had a bad server here, it can be slow at times, but if it's busy I am understanding. Being a celiac always poses challenges and hats off to Notable, as when I tell the server, they ask the cooks what I am able to have and let me know. Which is a very nice touch. The food is great, I've never had a bad meal there and I do enjoy the menu gets changed up now and then, so you get to try new things. The one downfall is, it's relatively expensive, it's not just a quick in and out dinner. But if you are looking for a nice place to meet friends, for a date or even a family dinner, Notable is definitely on my top 5 list.
<review# 813,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2012,7/28/2012,45,109,3,9,4>Stepping into Inti, I was immediately brought back to memories of my South America trip a year ago.The decor is pretty minimal inside, but you know its a Peruvian restaurant right away when you see wallpaper of the Nazca Lines.Its not a fusion place either, its the real deal. Ceviche, roasted chicken, saltado, pisco sour, Inca Cola, chicha. Doesn't get any more authentic than this. They even have the crunchy roasted corn snacks for an appetizer, its like crack to me, so addictive. If they start serving Emoliente and guinea pig (coy in spanish), I would be impressed.Don't be surprised by the chinese influence of the saltado dishes. There is an extensive history of Chinese settlement in Peru for the last few hundred years. If you enjoy stir fries with rice, and also like french fries, Saltado is the perfect blend of both worlds.I was really surprised to see Inca Cola being sold, since I haven't seen this soda anywhere outside of Peru. Its a popular drink down there. Tastes a lot like cream soda.The chicha is tasty, sweet and refreshing. Made in-house by boiling purple corn and bunch of other ingredients. So it isn't just bought bottled from some supplier, they make it fresh.The portions are pretty big here. I could have ordered just the saltado main dish on its own, but decided to share ceviche and Papa A La Huancaína with 3 others as an appy. Even sharing the appies, it was a lot of food for the 3-4 people. I left pretty satisfied and extremely full.My main complaint, and I'm not ragging on Inti specifically, is that the saltado is too salty for my taste. I think Peruvian stir fries are usually pretty salty, so its just a personal preference. My normal diet usually has little to no salt at all, so I'm just not used to it. Thats why I gravitate towards ceviche for Peruvian food, if I were to pick a favorite dish.
<review# 814,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2012,7/27/2012,52,263,2,3,5>So not only is this place adorable but it is affordable and serves up quality food. When I saw that there was a restaurant on Stephen Ave delivering deep-fried pepperoni and my favourite East Coast beer, Pumphouse, I knew I had to be there. The deep-fried pepperoni is so flavourful and it goes so well with the Pumphouse Blueberry Ale. Sweet refreshing beer meets hot spicy pepperoni, a love story if I ever saw one.What blew my mind even more was the hot turkey sandwich though. It just tasted so home-made and SO SO good. It was comfort food plain and simple, and you can't go wrong with that. I will be back to Below Deck and maybe I will try something different on their menu. However today is a rainy day and turkey, gravy, and mashed potatoes is sounding really good right now.
<review# 815,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2012,7/26/2012,69,229,,8,1>I love to come here when looking for special kitty items, whether that's stuff for the kitties or perhaps a unique gift for on of my cat loving friends. The Cat House has a wide selection of food, both dry & wet and all those treats our furbabies just love. There are cat bowls, beds, litter, you name it they got it. The one wall in the store is all about cat toys. My little ones like the cat nip and honeysuckle from this place. Must be good stuff cuz they go nuts when I put fresh nip in their toys. The Cat House has a nice selection of gifts, like earrings and picture frames. The ladies that work here are very friendly and helpful. There's no pressure to buy something. Oh and the resident feline is often found hanging out in the window or wandering around the store. Isn't that kinda like leaving a kid in a candy store? The Cat House is a treasure trove of everything related to kitties.
<review# 816,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2012,7/25/2012,8,45,,3,4>The last time I was at Caffe Beano, I had a brewed coffee, it was good, I would have recommended it to a friend. And because of these reasons I decided to come back.This time I had a Vietnamese coffee and it blew my mind. I can still taste this coffee, and it has been a week. It caused me to coffeegasm, it was remarkable, mostly why I am remarking on it now. It was so smooth a creamy and had good strong coffee flavour and it looked pretty and it just left me feeling so warm and fuzzy inside. I considered having two that day but I didn't want to be violently shaking on the train ride home. And as previously mentioned, the atmosphere is really nice, lots of wide open windows and seating, on a sunny day the place just glows. I found it very easy to sit with my computer and work away.Go to Caffe Beano, drink their drinks, they are really good.
<review# 817,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2012,7/24/2012,45,205,3,5,6>I can't believe I haven't reviewed any libraries!! I'm only at one, every week. Like other reviewers have mentioned, since this particular location is across the street from the LRT, there tend to be a lot of homeless people who hang out here. It's an old building, the bathrooms have needle drop off boxes, and it tends to be noisy on the lower levels but there is  an immense collection of books, DVDs, videos and countless programs and talks that cater to new Canadians/ ESL, the elderly, children, gardeners, foodies. . . almost all of them are free.There's always friendly staff around to help you out with whatever you need. I love how the people who work at libraries all really seem to enjoy their jobs, and who would't be, surrounded by endless sources of information all day?The cost of a card is a measly $12 per year, $0.25 for a late book and $0.50 for a late video, but unlike our now defuct videos stores, your money goes back to buying more books for the library. Im excited to see what the new location in the East Village will be like. Ground is to be broken this coming yeaR!
<review# 818,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/11/2012,7/23/2012,19,165,5,3,1>Seriously, no other reviews? This megamall located just north of city limits is the be-all-end-all in outlet shopping for basically all of southern Alberta. People from as far away as Red Deer will regularly come in here to get some discount shopping done. If you planning to shop here during the Christmas season, you are in for a blood-boiling, claustrophobic clustercuss of a good time, from hour-long parking queue to crowdsurfing to second hour-long parking exit queue.Giant flagship stores like Bass Pro Shops, Winners and Toys R' Us; factory outlet branches of Gap, Banana, Coach, Levi's; various one-of-a-kind kiosks; gaudy interior design clearly meant to appeal to the rural population of the surrounding area rather than something sleek and fashionable (meaning that in a couple of years, this mall will look even more dated than the 80s retro disaster that is West Edmonton Mall) - yes, Crossiron is pure outdated kitsch a mere two years after its highly feted grand opening. If you love murals of horses and fields and chuckwagons; if you love mingling with the unwashed farm masses during peak season; if you love getting brutalized in a huge mall setting,  it is pure hog heaven. If you prefer a more upscale shopping experience, I'd say stick inside city limits.
<review# 819,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2012,7/22/2012,65,117,3,4,4>Beat Niq drips of cool. Like the kind of cool you expect to find in 40s jazz places, with pinstripes, leopard print and an entrance through the kitchen with a door off the alley.Sometimes when I walk into Beat Niq, I feel like the staff should address me as 'doll' and that something is about to 'go down'. This makes me glad to sit at a tiny table in a cramped basement bar, sip a hellava Belvedere martini and generally feel extra smooth.The bands are always entertaining, and because the space is so small, it's very intimate. You feel like you're grooving right there on stage with the brass and bass.On a particularly interesting side note, the owner both looks and sounds like Frank Sinatra; so if by some miracle of science you can swing tickets to a Frank show, don't pass it up. The music is very good and you will not regret it. (Also, bring me).As mentioned, Beat Niq is small, so unless you can get Pic Niq (the delicious restaurant upstairs) to reserve you a table after your dinner, be sure to get there early. There is also a cover charge; be prepared to pay cash to get in. This give you the chance to practice something persuasive to say while you had over the bill like, 'my good friend the Queen Elizabeth thinks me and my pals are getting in here tonight...'.Beat Niq is cool, it's groovy and you'll love the martinis. Try as you might, you may not be able to resist the urge to say, 'Hey Mac, can I get a Mark's on ice?' to the barman.T.
<review# 820,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2012,7/21/2012,52,76,3,4,4>After a botched attempt at getting the entire family (11-12 people) together for Father's Day dinner I decided I would just take my parents and nephew out instead. We were originally going to hit up the Keg but with the rest of the family bailing I decided we would check out Jessica Restaurant again. We have been here before my a past birthday of my mom's and I was really impressed by their food. I decided to give it a go again and see if it was first time luck or if the food is always like that.We showed up around 6:30PM and the restaurant was packed, I figured as much being Father's Day today and all. However, we did find a table and the servers there are more than accommodating.They quickly took our order which consisted of Chicken Fried Rice, Pineapple Sweet & Sour Pork, Salt & Pepper Squid and Beef mixed with Broccoli in an XO sauce. I have to admit Jessica Restaurant probably has hands down the best Salt & Pepper Squid in the city as far as Chinese restaurants go. It's basically all squid, a light batter and not drenched in oil when you are munching on it  - I can't say the same for most Chinese restaurants that offer this dish.The Pineapple Sweet & Sour Pork was delicious as well, perfectly made, perfect amount of sauce and the vegetables mixed in tasted fresh as well.The Beef mixed with Broccoli n XO Sauce wasn't too bad, I think I have had better elsewhere but it wasn't so terrible that you couldn't eat it.Lastly, the Chicken Fried Rice I thought was a little plain had to add pepper and hot sauce to make it taste better but then again most places the Fried Rice is usually whatever really.
<review# 821,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2012,7/20/2012,28,35,,15,2>Fortune Nails is Calgary's hidden gem. Nestled between Japanese Noodle House and Ravenwood Alterations and Dry Cleaning on 13th Street southwest, it looks somewhat less than impressive from the outside. The interior is modestly decorated and recently updated with crisp new paint and a small snack bar offering water, tea, coffee and other treats. The salon is on the smallish side, with perhaps four or five nail stations and pedicure chairs, as well as a private room for waxing and other spa services.I first started going to Fortune Nails three or four years ago, when it was Magic Nails. Since then, a new owner, refreshed interior and re-branding to Fortune Nails have made it my go-to place for nail services. I've popped into a few other salons in Calgary, whether on a weekend whim or for an emergency manicure, but I've never found the bang for your buck level of service that Fortune offers at any other salon. Manicures, pedicures and acrylic services are priced on par with other similar salons in Calgary, but the quality of the service here is what truly sets Fortune apart. The staff are friendly, polite and professional, and each time I'm in they have a host of return customers. They are the only place in Calgary I'll go for a shellac manicure - decently priced at around $30. I've tried other nail spas in the city and their shellac falls apart. The shellac at Fortune is always beautifully done: absolutely clean, smooth and polished, and with the right care I make my manicure last three weeks with nary a chip.I've yet to try their spa services, but a friend I referred to Fortune for shellac - who is also now a repeat customer - has seen them several times for eyebrow threading and she loves it. I will continue to be a return client of Fortune, and to sing their praises for any girlfriends - and guys, too! - looking for nail services.
<review# 822,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2012,7/18/2012,11,53,3,5,4>Really cool little cafe. My chai latte was so rich and wonderful! I wish they had more food choices though when I went, they seemed to be out of everything that was a little more hearty. I love the set up where they one wall opens up into their neighbouring store for whenever they have concert. They apparently have a quiet study area which I wish i knew of when I went to university. They also have a kids play area so that moms can get together and let the kids run around screaming.I guess if you live in the bridlewood area this is a good place to hang out frequently, but it is a little hard to get to otherwise. The first time I came, if I didn't have my mom with me I would have been lost. The second time, if my brother wasn't driving, I would have been lost. I think i could go to this place ten times and still not know how to ge there. Also, the parking lot in this mini shopping area is quite small.Cafe Crema is all around a solid place to hang out and the drinks are rich and creamy and delicious!
<review# 823,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/16/2012,7/17/2012,57,118,,4,4>Tubby Dog is located on the main strip of 17th Avenue in the SW.  It can get pretty nuts driving around there.  You can park on the road (at certain hours?) or there is a parking lot right near by.  I believe its park and pay but we didn't pay ehehehehehe. (note: i'm not encouraging this!!)I've always driven by this place, and heard about the crazy hotdogs like captain crunch, pb&j.......  but I always just wanted to stop by and try their hotdogs, even it if was nothing crazy.When I first entered, I noticed the big menu behind the cashier and prep area.  Classic tubby dog, Cheetah, Yogi Bear, Hario, A-Bomb, Sumo, Slaw dog, PBJ, Choose your own adventure and then Sherm's ultimate gripper.  I tried to go with the more 'normal' hot dog but I didn't want anything toooo plain so I went with the A-Bomb (cheese, bacon, mayo, mustard, ketchup and potato chips).  The other two went with the Classic tubby dog (homemade chili, bacon, cheese, onions and mustard) and the Slaw dog (coleslaw, homemade chili, mustard, cheddar and pickle).  I also got a pickled egg just because.We gave our names and had a seat.  The dining area is pretty retro; it's very busy on the wall with posters and toys.  There's loud music playing and the seating is very limited, so you'll be lucky to get a seat on the weekend as it seems people usually just sit and mingle with friends even after they're done eating.Anyways, our hot dogs were ready and they looked awesome.  Note: Fork and knife preferred method of eating if you don't want too much of a mess.  I found the wiener to be nice and juicy as the hot dogs are made to order...it fit the bun perfectly..lengthwise but I found there was a lot of bread.  I wasn't a big fan of the ketchup chips on the A-bomb and I wish there was more bacon but other than that I enjoyed it.  From the classic tubby dog, Anna wasn't the biggest fan of the chili but enjoyed it otherwise.  And for the Slaw dog, it was a hit.Tubby dogs seems like a place that should be on diners, drive-ins and dive.  I can just picture Guy Fieri in the back with the hot dog makers, loading a hot dog up with lots of random stuff and shoving it in his mouth and saying "THE SAUCE IS MONEY!" then taking another bite. -_-.  I'm glad I stopped by to try this place but I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here unless I was realllllly craving it.  I recommend this place if you want a different hot dog, but for me I like Peter's Drive In hot dogs or Costco's polish hot dogs..yum!
<review# 824,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2012,7/16/2012,137,253,1,5,5>I deliberately held off on this review until this one... my 100th review (yay!)  It's my favourite ice cream shop in Calgary, and It's name is aptly well earned.  This shop definately puts any Baskin Robbins or Dairy Queen to shame with rows upon rows of virtually every conceivable flavour without going into the savory side of things (thank heavens... I really don't want to try say... turducken flavoured ice cream).  Very much modeled in the inside to be just like an old fashioned ice cream shop, I keep finding myself utterly transfixed at the names and colours and potential tastes I have yet to embark.  Just a word to the wise... bring CASH.  Don't use your debit and they don't accept credit cards.  Also, take the time to REALLY look through all the decor on the walls.  It's an interesting trip down memory lane.
<review# 825,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2012,7/15/2012,187,427,5,5,7>I can't say I have ever been to a restaurant in Calgary that evokes such deep nostalgic feelings within me. It's the embodiment of the retro-style burger place. In fact, sitting inside eating my Blazing Saddles burger with Yam Fries on top of a Donkey Kong table arcade game made me pause and think about how I was doing this exact same thing over 20 years ago. I had to smile because in those days it was just a single burger hold the onions (my mouth wasn't near as big as it is now) and I smashed buttons to 1942 rather than DK. A number of quarters were lost in the process!The burgers were stellar. Not just from a taste perspective, but I found them lighter and cleaner than say a Peter's burger. The yam fries had a really deep flavour. I was almost shocked at how much I enjoyed them because you just don't expect too much from burger joints these days. To top it all off, the service is amazing. The staff actually checked up on us twice to see if we were enjoying our meal and if everything was ok.  It isn't cheap. $8 for a Blazing Saddles burger, $4.75 for a single, $2.50 for yam fries which puts it on par with Burger Inn territory. Given the choice of the two, I'd take Boogies over the Inn even though it's farther away for me. It's worth the ride!I love it here! One of my favourites in Calgary!
<review# 826,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2012,7/14/2012,11,32,1,9,3>Top notch restaurant that definitely defines the experience of "fine dining"!It was the time of year where it was my boyfriends birthday where I wanted to take him to a nice restaurant.  After taking into consideration places like Charcut and Notable which were rather high in price, I settled my decision on Blink Restaurant based on its reputation of fine dining with an intimate atmosphere and its rather reasonably priced menu.  Boy am I ever glad I choose this place!Located on Stephen's Avenue and 1st Street, Blink looks extremely tiny from the outside however looks can be extremely deceiving, because as you walk in the room is actually quite large.  Shaped like a long room, the tables were nicely spaced apart from one another allowing diners to have an intimate dinner and not have to listen in on other people's gossip.  The mixture of new and old pieces of decor complimented the dark brown and white hue of the restaurant allowing for a nice open atmosphere of comfort.  Upon walking in we were warmly greeted by the hostess who promptly seated us in a comfy booth.  Blink's menu is of European style dishes with a contemporary twist on the garnishes, spices and oils used in the cooking.  While most of the dishes for seafood, chicken, or beef are priced around the $25 to $35 dollar range, vegetarian dishes are priced at a reasonable $20 per dish.  Although it sounds pricey, do take into perspective the dishes that you are ordering and compare them to other restaurants where they are all actually very reasonably priced.  My boyfriend ordered the special for the night which was a ribeye steak while I ordered a vegetarian gnocchi dish along with wine to accompany our dishes.  As we waited for our meal to come, our server was highly attentive in refilling our glasses of water. The wait for our meals was a little lengthy - however I can't complain as my boyfriend and I who are rather light eaters never get appetizers...which also applied to this dining experience.  However the wait for the food was definitely worth it as the food that was beautifully prepared was equally delicious.  The steak that my boyfriend ordered was cooked to precision as what a medium rare steak should be.  My gnocchi dish was a little small in size for the average eater - however the flavours of the dish where the mix of garnishes and spices excused the small portions as the dish was quite tasty. In the end the dinner came out to around $100 dollars (tip included) - although it was a rather pricey dinner, I had no issues footing the bill as my boyfriend and I had a great experience not just in food, but as well as service. All in all, I definitely recommend dinners to try Blink restaurant out where its wonderful for intimate dinners with your loved ones.  If you want exceptional service and food, along with a restaurant that doesn't have attitude and isn't jammed packed busy, then Blink may be for you.Dinner recommendations:Based on boyfriend's recommendation - the 9" ribeye steak
<review# 827,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2012,7/13/2012,42,163,4,5,2>While housesitting for my folks, their backdoor latch ceased working.  I cried, lit up fireworks, streaked and used the sewer grate as my toilet.  You don't want to know what I used the squirrels for.Having located a neighbour whose lights were on, I knocked, borrowed a phone and contacted these folks.  The gent that answered said he would be about 30 minutes and he was about that long.  I pointed him to the lock, explained what had happened and he got to work.  He wasn't exactly friendly but got the work done.  After getting me in, he was paid and I was off frolicking in the house and talking to the cat.  It's only then that I decided I would start drinking.All in all I'm happy with the efficiency though I think the driver should try smiling once in a while.  Maybe he just needs to talk with a cat.
<review# 828,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2012,7/12/2012,429,445,8,11,9>After Sabahat came back from her magical Turkish Vacation with Turkish Delights in a pretty white satchel for me, she decided that the best way to describe Turkey to us landlocked souls; was to have us partake in their cuisine. Which is true for any culture! And while Calgary can only boast one Turkish restaurant in all of its 726.5 square km, I'm glad to say; it's an excellent lone Turkish restaurant! On first appearance, it looks a little dive-y. But, don't let that dissuade you! Inside, it's remarkably clean (as are the bathrooms!) with an open kitchen and the most adorable old man in the universe making all the dishes; flanked by two sous chefs. The kitchen takes up a great deal of the space, so the dining area is a little small, but they managed to accomodate our large group excellently. Even despite the fact that there is only one waitress. I wasn't feeling particularly hungry when we arrived, so I ordered a couple of light dishes to go with my traditional Turkish Tea; Sarma (Turkish dolmades) and Börek, a spinach and herb stuffed pita that came out looking and tasting like a Turkish Quesadilla sans cheese. The Börek was a little on the salty side, but this was easily remedied with one of the lemon slices that garnished the plate of Sarmas. The Sarmas tasted quite different from Greek Dolmades, which are bright and lemony. These were a little more on the savory side, but equally delicious. While I was eating, everyone else's amazing looking dishes; piled high with fried rice and pitas made me wish I had ordered a main dish like everyone else. The vegan options are minimal there, but the kitchen is extremely accommodating and there are tons of ~*secret menu items*~ you can request... if you're savvy and (with the help of Sabahat) talk the business owner in to posing for a picture with you. I got over my dinner envy when dessert time rolled around! Angelo and Danelle ordered Baklavas filled with nuts and Rosewater syrup. Ange's friend ordered Sütlaç (rice pudding). Sabz and I ordered the Künefe, a pastry with angel hair-thin dough sprinkled on thin layers of dough and baked with nuts and Rosewater syrup. Sabz got a ~*secret menu*~ 1up and got hers with melted cheese on the bottom. One bite and I was already lamenting that there wasn't more of it on the plate. Share?!?! Back off, unless you want to be wearing my fork home!
<review# 829,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2012,7/11/2012,194,334,,5,5>What a fantastic shop!I first discovered this shop in November of last year, when I was looking for a dress for a Christmas party.  I went to a competitor who had a HUGE selection, but very little in my size or style, so I googled consignment shops, and learned about the existence of Choices.When I went in, I came out with TWO dresses (because I couldn't choose just one!) and a necklace that I still wear quite often.In an effort to do some spring cleaning, I remembered the cool little shop that helped me out at Christmas time, and I brought a LOT of clothes and shoes into them, with the hopes to do a little more shopping, and also to see if there was anything that they would like to try and sell.  They took a good selection of my items, and in turn, I took a good selection of their stock home as well. :)  They had a $5 rack outside that I took advantage of (I got a funky pair of jeans and a white button-up shirt for work).  I also picked up two pairs of shoes in a $5 box, and then I bought another funky rain coat and a few other pieces for work.  The owner, Janice, was a pleasure to visit with and she has a good rapport with her clients.  About half a dozen ladies came through during my time there to shop or consign, and it is clear that she has a loyal following.  And for good reason -- she carries a good variety of good quality items that are in a wide range of sizes.I also learned that she consigns on behalf of a few ladies shops as well, so there are some new items there.  Matter of fact, that jogged my memory that the necklace that I bought from her at Christmas time was a new piece as well.Also, the icing on the cake is that she has this cute, calm little dog named Newton that I fell madly in love with.  I couldn't help but acknowledge him every time our eyes met.  If there was a price tag on him, he would have came home too.All and all, I highly recommend this little shop.  I appreciated the fair pricing on the clothing, as well as the bargains on the sales rack.  Janice was a pleasure to deal with, and Newton just topped off an already perfect experience.See you again, Janice!  I guarantee it!
<review# 830,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2012,7/10/2012,14,65,,3,2>Went for dinner with some friends on Saturday night. We started out on 17th avenue but we found that all the restaurants we wanted to go to had 1 hr + wait times. I suggested we try Mission instead, and we ended up at Bistro 2210. Very happy that our group of four could be seated immediately. Nothing worse than waiting to be seated when you are really hungry!!We all ended up ordering a variation of the feature special. They were offering lamb, pork or steak, served with fries, broccolini, and truffle aoili. Our meals were very good. I'd love to go back and try the mac 'n' cheese!! And their vintage-inspired cocktails! Sadly I didn't see the sign promoting the cocktails until we were on our way out. The restaurant has an upscale, but still neighborhoody (??) feel. I thought I saw someone bring in a bottle of their own wine, but I can't be sure if they offer corkage. Agree with the previous reviewers about the size of the restaurant and the slightly boring atmosphere. All of the tables weren't full when we were there, but it may have felt crowded if they were. Maybe they could do with one less table in the room. Although, as I have learned from the Food Network; restaurant owners should be squeezing as many tables in as possible... I can see where some may find the atmosphere boring. It was fairly quiet when we were there, but that makes it a great place to go for good conversation. You definitely won't have to shout to be heard here.
<review# 831,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2012,7/9/2012,190,342,,10,1>Came here using Groupon's art sampler vouchers. I took both acrylic and oil sampler classes.  Both were with Sue the instructor.  Sue is GREAT!   5* for Sue! She's great at explaining and teaching, and is so patient! I had an awesome time at both sampler classes, and learned a lot and would recommend these classes to anyone.  Are you bored at home with nothing to do? Go take a class!! Normally offered for $40 for 3 hrs and believe me... 3 hrs is definitely needed cuz they start by going over the basics and let you play around, then the real painting begins and you paint something that you end up taking home!!  Being a beginner it's definitely a slower process haha.I'm not too familiar with art supplies, etc... but the store seems very big and pretty well stocked (but I really know nothing about supplies so can't really review much on that).
<review# 832,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2012,7/8/2012,41,412,,4,2>Great place to find Latin food. The empanadas are really good. I tried all of them, and my favorites were the beef empanadas. Also the vegetables Empanadas were very good too. I just would ask them to have real "chorizo espanol". Because the one I found was not the best. The cheeses Could be better too. They taste a little artificial for me. But all Other stuff was very nice!!.. The service was OK.
<review# 833,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/29/2012,7/7/2012,138,614,,8,2>I cannot help myself but to write another review about Thai Bistro. Yesterday, I even called the owner (he is ALWAYS there!) and complimented him on his food. I do not think I have ever done that before. We just moved this past weekend and there is just no time right now for cooking. We have had take-out many times from this place (we discovered it when we lived close to downtown) and it is always consistently very yummy, has good value and decent portion size. They have in fact the best Pad Thai in Calgary that I have found thus far. Also the best curries. I get the red one and it just warms you from the bottom of your feet to the top of your head. This is a place that when I ask for spicy - they make it spicy. (ask for 3 chiles) The steamed rice is always perfect, never mushy or undercooked. I told the owner that we moved far NW but that we would be ordering at least once a week - we like it that much. This restaurant has no delivery service but he said he would be happy to find someone to do it if we gave him 3 hours notice! We would never do that to him, we can drive to this little joint on the edge of China town and know that it is damn worth it.Would recommend this place to anyone looking for good Thai food. I hope this place thrives and never, ever shuts down.5 stars.
<review# 834,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2012,7/6/2012,88,230,3,6,2>This place has EVERYTHING you could possibly need for a theme party. There are aisles and aisles of plates, balloons, goody bag stuffers, etc. Everything from Disney to St Patricks Day to weddings to Superbowl - they have something. I wanted to take home their entire sports selection.The staff are also very helpful with any questions and with guiding you about ordering - we looked into custom balloons and they were great.Definitely a place to hit up before a barbecue or kids birthday party!
<review# 835,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2012,7/5/2012,62,103,15,4,8>"Hey dude. I've got a voucher and reservation. Both expire at 6:00 tonight. Can you come out for a free 5-star meal?"Yeah, that's how my night went tonight. And it ruled. Teatro is one of those fancy places where you're supposed to use the right kind of plates, lay your napkin on your lap, fold your hands neatly and drink absurdly expensive wines just because someone told you they'd go good with your duck.And you know what? It kicks ass. This fancy-shmancy place made me feel like a baller and was the perfect way to celebrate the fact that I bought a house and own a car that only takes premium. So while I'm now way too poor to afford to eat anything but couch cushions for the rest of the month and any dates I go on will probably be walks around my neighborhood, Teatro left a good taste in my mouth.Our server took notice of the fact that I had absolutely no class whatsoever (read: I haven't been fancy dining in a long time, so I forget the rules) but was a perfect gentleman, folding my napkin on my lap for me and hooking me up with the bread plate with only so much as a "With your permission, sir."Yeah, he called me sir. And that's gratifying as heck.I had the Bolognese. It was a reasonable size considering fancy places usually have more garnish than actual edible food. It was also delicious, the cheese had a mild sweetness to it that made everything even more wonderful. I paired it with a Rose wine, because I am a genius sommelier myself. Just kidding... I ordered the Rose because I love them and they're cheaper than the $2,850 bottle I saw somewhere on the menu.For an appetizer we had the calamari, which was perfectly crispy and really flavorful. There was a fancy spicy sauce that added the perfect zing to the calamari. I would probably have eaten it with my fingers but I think someone would have probably pulled a Gucci-brand machete on me for my lack of classiness.I finished the night off with the tirimasu. It was like an angel had an orgasm in my mouth. I know that's sort of crass, but that's the only way I can put it that adequately captures how perfect this desert was.Oh yeah, and we had a voucher, so it was less than one billion dollars.In the end, I'd definitely recommend this place to anyone who owns at least one pair of nice pants and a collared shirt.
<review# 836,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2012,7/4/2012,130,261,7,7,3>Just wanted to reiterate how much I love Cedars deli, and that's pretty much all. Yesterday I was in grabbing a couple of falafel wraps, and there were some obnoxious gentleman in front of me who obviously had never tried Mediterranean eats before. The staff were incredibly patient, explaining what was in everything and being total champs. While I was ordering my two falafel wraps, the gentleman making my delicious wraps suddenly demanded, "Who is the other one for?" In my head, this would proceed to turn into a Pulp Fiction moment...."DESCRIBE WHAT MARCELLUS WALLACE...LOOKS LIKE!"*stuttering exchange involving guns occurs*"DOES...HE... LOOK... LIKE... A ....BITCH?!"youtube.com/watch?v=DCrDOf course, this isn't what actually happened. I told him it was for my mom, and they wrote MOM on the other falafel which was quite cute and helpful.I enjoy all of my experiences at Cedar's Deli. The falafel is amazing, the salads taste fresh, and they prioritize customer service.
<review# 837,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2012,7/3/2012,305,278,5,8,7>Upon hunting and scavenging like a madman for a particular bottle of wine, I found myself in this super sized wine store. It's the mother of all wine stores, I plan to hide in here one night as the close up and go crazy!!!! No I kid, they would probably just let me. Man, this is place is huge! The tall shelves in rows upon rows feels more like a book store than a wine store. Browsing the selection is overwhelming. However, the staff on hand tonight was just fabulous. Really friendly and informative. Within 3 minutes of being in here, I've got a sampling of wine in my hand, being shown all the specials and sipping different flights of wine. The owner is hilarious, he was more concerned with having a good informative chat than to make a sell (which I love). Takes away from the stuffy bits I feel at other places.I can't believe this place isn't better known, it's right on MacLeod trail, beside guitar works and has every single bottle I have ever fathomed of guzzling or haven't fathomed yet. Huge selection it's worth mentioning again. Cooler in the back has a good selection of domestic and import beers as well, conveniently picked up some beers so I didn't have to make two stops. Far drive for me but worth every mile. I'll be back.
<review# 838,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2012,7/2/2012,266,478,6,7,4>I've never heard of Habitat until Sabz decided to have her b-day throwdown here. And I gotta say, this place is a bit odd. I strolled in here @10:30 pm and found the place absolutely empty. Van and I were worried no parties were going to happen here and decided to take the adVANture elsewhere.But finally we came back and found this place packed to the brim with people. It was 11pm. I've never seen a late-night club achieve a high-ass rate of arrivals within half an hour. My imagination is going to run rampant on the possibilities as to where all these people came from.Anyways we found the party and it didnt' take long to really get down. I'm not into house music since I don't quite get dance music, but I didn't have to force myself to dance and really enjoyed the vibe of the small dancefloor. This place has some characters. I remember Sabz coming up beside me yelling "this guy weirds me out" and I turned around to find a 7 foot tall bald guy wearing a black tuxedo vest just standing over the dance floor. Dance dude, they girls can tell your scoping them out.They only have one bar over this place. I was quite impressed to see them serving us smooth shots of tequila from a bottle that I could see was "reposado" grade.Finally after a week of Van asking me how "i'm good with women" (which I think meant I'm good with screwing up with women) I'm happy to see that I don't have to give him advice given how many times girls kept coming up to stroke his mohawk and giving him hugs. The DJ also looked like him and I'm sure the DJ was working the ladies off Van's mojo
<review# 839,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2012,7/1/2012,25,76,4,5,3>Remember that time I dreamt of going to poutine heaven?  - WELL I FOUND IT IN REAL LIFE!!I'd love to jump out of the gate raving about the poutine, but like anything you gotta save the best for last - so I'll start at the beginning. We were heading to the Fairy Tales Festival and wanted to try something close by. Sure enough the good ol' Yelp map popped up the Brasserie Kensington to which I started reading. Good reviews, good poutine, Wendy's a fan...ok - I'll try it. We show up and they're full.  However, an awesome looking chick with BRIGHT RED HAIR and shocking lipstick gave us a table for an overdue reso which was perfect. The place isn't huge, it's quite quaint really with nice big front windows and an eating bar as well. I quickly looked around to notice that everyone was attractive (distracting much!!) and the clientele was a huge mixture in ages but everyone looked like they had money and nice clothes. The adorable waitress came by to offer water and take drink orders and of course explain a couple specials. The wine menu was pretty decent and the prices were definitely in a good range. A delicious Malbec was ordered.I perused the menu - and I was lost. How could I choose? So many unique and weird burgers, so many deliciously described sandwiches and of course a large insert of 6-8 ridic looking poutines. I already knew at this point I would have to come back soon. "House made onion rings" sat on the table next to me - and it literally took the inner strength of Superman to not take one (especially considering it was two women and they were "full". Pffttt..FIT THEM IN). Waitress returns and we place our orders. I have the hanger steak with peppercorn sauce and poutine on the side - OF COURSE. My cohort in crime ordered the Croque-Madame (which sounds very reminiscent of a drag name) with an extra egg on top. Shortly after ordering another table is delivered a full poutine which is MASSIVE and drenched in delicious gravy. Seriously, if I make it to my meal without eating someone else's I'll be a superstar. (Note: I was particularly hungry before arriving).The meal arrives and it's a far cry from good. It's pretty fantastic. My steak was really, really good and the sauce was delicious. The side of green beans were brilliant green and crunchy. But what ev's..the POUTINE IS WHERE IT WAS AT. It was the basic version, nothing fancy (start small right). The duck fat fries were the best I might have ever had. Perfect cut size and perfect brown. THE cheese was soo good and melty and the gravy was the best in my life. I don't know how they made it or why it's different, but it was. I couldn't even focus on where I was. I had been transported to the poutine heaven of my dreams. A meal well played Brasserie K. The Croque-Madame across me was actually quite pretty and attractive looking and it went down very good as well. The bread was fresh and toasty and the mound of thin sliced ham with grainy mustard and fried eggs. It was a sandwich very well served. Service throughout was also at a high standard with water filled every 3 minutes and follow-ups done on everything. Quick watch check and its 15 minutes to the movie - WE CAN SQUEEZE  IN DESSERT. I order a lemon curd tart that was in a buttery delicious shell with a really tart and delicious curd (that I was told later contained tequila). Who knew. Across the table was a peanut butter ice cream served on a chocolate terrine - picture dense, mixture of chocolates and very rich. In a great way.  The bill was paid (note here that the price points are actually that of a food chain like Moxies or Joeys and not overly inflated for any reason, which was nice to see) and we had to jet - movie starts in three minutes.We had a great experience and were brought to a poutine land I need to revisit. Similar to Mario World 4 - I wanted a super inflated huge poutine that my super inflated belly could enjoy.  I shall see you again Brasserie K. Well done this time.brasseriekensington.com/*Photos posted of meals
<review# 840,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2012,6/30/2012,67,339,2,4,2>When I first moved to Calgary, this was one of the first places I checked out with newly made friends. Now,  almost 6 years later, I am happy to say it is still just as great. Good people watching, reading or getting a little work done if you are a laptop toting student or self employees type.It is a popular spot regardless of day of the week or time of day. But it never seems to get that frenzied "get out of the way I need my coffee" feel that some of the other chain coffee places get. It's pretty chillaxed even when it's packed. Maybe everyone orders decaf?They have a fantastic selection of lattes, including different types of milk (Almond milk!) and they get your order done quickly. The staff are friendly and always have great suggestions if you want to step out of your coffee comfort zone. And of course, they do the basics very well. Yay coffee.
<review# 841,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/9/2011,6/29/2012,157,283,,3,2>I often go to the Farmer's Market on the weekends to pick up a few things.  I always like to experiment with the different foods.  The last time I came with my daughter we noticed the man sitting next to us was eating Tacos of some sort.  It looked delicious.  So I decided on my next visit to the Farmers Market I would be trying the tacos at Los Chilitos!  It was a 3 Taco Chilito Sampler topped with onion & cilantro.  Alot of food came on my plate and I barely finished 2 of the 3 tacos.  It was very yummy.  I will definitely eat here again and try their restaurant!!
<review# 842,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2012,6/28/2012,61,55,2,3,2>We went for "Chinese Hot Pot," which is essentially fondue but with flavored broth instead of oil.I'll tell you, if you're not used to being the minority in Calgary, go here for a healthy dose of minority report! It was nice to be that way for a change!The food was good, the broths were good, and eating takes a looooong time as you're cooking it all in small portions. The hot pot "all you can eat" was pretty pricy for us at $25, so make sure you're good and hungry, or that it's a special occasion, before going. I see another review says $18. Perhaps we had a higher price because it was New Year's Eve.We got a special tour and orientation though, as we clearly had no idea what we were doing. Fun experience all around!
<review# 843,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2012,6/26/2012,67,141,,4,3>I guess I'm still a kid at heart and this store rules my candy world. Love, love, love!I know, I know - I just reviewed this place...but there are some things about this store that set it apart from others - for one, the guy running this place is the bomb. I've said it in other reviews - people who like what they do make all the difference. He picked up on the same thing about the gummies not being as soft as they could be and made some changes. I have to say - its noticeable. Dividers have been put in the bulk candies. This gives me more candy choices (almost time for jumpy claps) and such a simple change works to keep the gummies soft. Ahhh, sunshine and rainbows up in here.They've also changed around the setup and filled it out with more candy goodness and whacked out knick-knacks. I like it better now, and I like how things are organized. Come on, a wall of moustache tom foolery???  All the bacon stuff that Crystal E. mentioned is grouped together, easy to find and sure to please all those bacon fanatics in your life. What's not to love.A must stop in place for me when I am putting together a care package or gift. I have given the dill pickle lollipop thing and the dill pickle lip balm as gifts - both are equally entertaining. This place is also perfect to stock my snack cupboard with peculiar sweet treats. Every time I go in, there is something new for me - I have an on going love affair with sour candies and there is pretty much always something new for me to try. Sour nerds!! Hit it.Still love the Wonka bars!And! Another reason to go: this shop is showing the yelp love with a check in deal, 10% off bulk candy. Killer!
<review# 844,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2012,6/25/2012,91,31,,2,3>This has got to be one of my favourite Vietnamese restaurants for a few reasons.First, the food is always good. I like somewhere that is consistent and Saigon Night definitely is.Secondly, they're super close to me. I can call and place an order, walk there 5 minutes later and it will be ready for pickup.Third, the staff are all great. There's normally one guy who's working the front (it's a family owned business) and he's super friendly, always happy and he will remember you if you've done more than a few times so you always feel welcomed going there.I normally get #4 and #64 - spring rolls and the tiger prawns with spring rolls rice vermicelli. So good :)If you're around the neighbourhood, check them out. You won't be disappointed!
<review# 845,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/10/2012,6/24/2012,5,42,,7,1>So I decided to get my motorcycle license this year and started looking for some gear.  I have been looking online but find it impossible to picture what jackets will look like in person and what they fit like.  I have been going around to some shops in Calgary, this being one of the stops.  Their selection of jackets isn't too huge but they had a few that I could try on for sizing (I was looking at the Icon items).  A sales person did come over and asked if I needed anything and gave me a few pointers.  I also enquired about boots so she went over a few styles.  I didn't really look at any other gear or the bikes themselves so can't comment on that area.  Overall a decent place to check out if you are looking for some new gear.  10/30
<review# 846,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2012,6/21/2012,48,110,3,6,2>I would come more often, but I find the food pretty pricey. One dish I love is the eggplant. It just has this incredible taste to it -even my boyfriend who hates eggplant loves it. I think the eggplant dish is even better than butter chicken, chicken korma and paneer. Value wise it's better to eat in than take-out. The portions are even smaller for takeout. You pretty much get about a cup and half (375 ml) if you get the entrees to go. But for a date night, the restaurant is pretty romantic and the service is stellar. Plus they make a lovely mango lassi vodka cocktail.
<review# 847,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2011,6/20/2012,50,124,2,5,3>I was invited here for a private function to network with industry colleagues after work.The event was the type that I prefer:  thankfully not a sit-down affair, it instead was mingling, cocktails, and roving appetizers.The restaurant was closed to the public, so the table area remained unoccupied.  Instead, the 50 or so attendees stayed within close proximity of the bar (of course).For the type of event it was, I thought the venue was ideal.As the sun set, the Belvedere became an intimate, appropriately lit space, where wine and spirits poured as freely as you wanted them to.  Waiters continuously scanned the room to top up wine glasses.  You wanted something else?  Just ask a waiter or the bartender.  I don't think any spirit was off limits.  I did consider a gin martini, or a single malt, but stayed the course with my Cabernet.  As much as the wine-waiters roamed, so did the appetizer platters.  What impressed me was the quality of appetizers we were being served.  Great variety and flavors.  With one I noticed the truffle oil, and appreciated the "spare no expense to impress" attitude of the chefs (though personally I can do without truffle oil).   This is in direct contrast to an event I attended 2 hours earlier, where we were being served deep fried anything for app's.  Spring rolls, tempura shrimp, and the like.  I highly recommend the Belvedere to host a smaller corporate mixer.  Give them the budget, and they will NOT disappoint.  1/30
<review# 848,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2011,6/19/2012,31,136,,13,1>This place is GREAT! I'm dealing with a complex situation involving a creditor and collection agency basically trying to screw me over, and am far from being able to afford a regular lawyer, so I called up CLG. Despite the fact that I called at 5:00, they were able to fit me in by 7:40 the same evening (WOW!) Once I arrived I was asked to fill out a short form (most of which had already been prepared by the woman I spoke to on the phone with all the information she had asked (a nice surprise as it cut the time it took to fill out in less than half).By the time I filled out the form I hardly even had a minute to peruse the giant fall of VERY informative brochures they have on everything from creating roommate agreements to dealing with traffic tickets, and any number of useful bits of information. I grabbed two that looked interesting, went to sit down to read them, and just started to open the first one, and I was already being called in (where else do you spend that little time in the waiting room?)I was seen by a lovely young lady who was very friendly and understanding of my problems. She admitted right off the bet that debt and collections are not her specialty (but come on, from a place that gives free legal advice, obviously you're not getting a specialist in the field). However, what she DID do was give me a phone list with the numbers of two free lawyer-by-phone services, one of which specializes in this field and one of which has various lawyers in various disciplines on call at all times to answer questions. She also included a number for a government operated credit counseling service that she said would have information on good ways to start rebuilding my credit rating after this whole ordeal. Furthermore, I was given the names of two government documents to look up that related to my problem, to give me some more information on how to proceed (apparently their internet wasn't working that evening, so she couldn't pull them up herself).All things considered, given the limitations (no internet, no actual specializing personel on site) I got a wealth of useful information in a matter of minutes, and all FOR FREE... how often does that happen?Now, I should mention that this service is limited to people in what they consider a low income bracket. They won't disclose what the cut off is, but when you call they will ask you a few questions about your income, marital status, number of dependants, etc. and if you qualify they'll book you in for an apointment. If you have a legal issue you don't know what to do about, and can't afford a lawyer, I can't recommend this service enough.(On a side note, they also offer regular free legal clinics. I've never been to one so I can't speak to their usefulness, but it may be worth checking out.)
<review# 849,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2012,6/18/2012,92,68,2,3,2>We set up a brunch tweet up here about a month ago for Sunday at 11 am.  I was half an hour late arriving so the other 2 gals had gone ahead and ordered.  Their food came promptly and shortly after I had arrived.  I put my order in fairly soon after getting there.  The waitress was on the ball and kept me focused on ordering.  The girls and I got to chatting and by the time they were done eating they pointed out my food should have came.  This was about half hour after I ordered.  I went and enquired about my food and I believe it was the manager that looked into for me.  He came back right away to inform me that my order had been entered correctly and that there was an error in the kitchen.  He got my food made as quick as possible as I had somewhere to be at 1pm(by this point it was about 12:15 pm).  He brought me my meal and informed me that it was on the house.  It was delicious.  Typical breakfast fair of eggs, toast, hash browns, sausages, ham and bacon.  One of the other girls had ordered an ice tea from the manager that was forgotten.  He brought it, did not charge her and gave us a round of bazooka joes(shooters) for dessert... also on the house!  While there were mistakes made I was very happy with the response and making up happy customers.  My bill came to 00.00.  I would definitely go back with that kind of service!
<review# 850,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2011,6/17/2012,95,304,,10,4>Wow. What a GORGEOUS studio. I wish it wasn't so far south so I could go there all the time. The price is also good considering the sessions are 90 minutes, and unlike MOST hot yoga studios that say they are "hot" so they can charge the extra amount for operating costs, it actually keeps the room temperature hot and misty for the 90 minutes. The building is very spacious, so when you're in one of the two studios you can't hear people coming in or out, shutting doors or talking. The bathrooms are unreal. No need to rush to get in the shower before others, there are about 10 showers here, and they provide you body wash. The entire place is elegantly decorated and very well laid out. The instructors here are amazing. Extremely good at what they do, extremely encouraging, and they push you to do your best and not slack off in your poses. They definitely taught me the discipline that I need to gain that flexibility, strength, and determination I go to yoga for. I love that they have early morning classes. Definitely worth trying out if you haven't and if you live in the area you're super lucky to have it nearby.
<review# 851,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2012,6/16/2012,67,205,2,5,4>I started with a pecan spinach salad, followed by lox eggs Benedict, finished with the carrot cake. My wife had eggplant with baked bagel crisps and the Montreal smoked meat breakfast poutine. Our son had matzah ball soup and a feta burger. Everything was delicious. On a Saturday, we were pampered with A-list service instead of enduring the mad weekday rush. It's a delightful alternative to our usual brunch places, and we'll be back to try other items on the menu.
<review# 852,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/31/2012,6/15/2012,89,72,6,7,5>This is one of the most, if not THE most, fun karaoke bars I have ever been to. My biggest qualm with most karaoke bars is having to request a song from a DJ and then waiting for my turn. In a world of Nintendo Wii and self checkout counters at the grocery store this just seems like an unnecessary step. At Nanta you are in control. They have an input device at the bar in which to punch numbers of songs from their vast catalogs. Want to perform two songs in a row? Pffff... go for it! No one is stopping you!There is one large room with screens and a stage. If it gets too busy you can ask for one of many private rooms for you and your friends for a modest fee.The service is excellent as the venue isn't very large. Need service? Just press a button at your table and the server will be alerted at the bar. I KNOW RIGHT?! It's like being on an airplane! No peanuts through, sorry.One of the best things about this karaoke bar is that it is Korean. So tonnes of crazy fun music to select. The first time that I visited this place I saw a group singing Disney songs. Want a laugh with your friends? How about some music from The Lion King?!I can't comment on the food as I haven't tried it, however they have a full menu with Korean cuisine. The sea snails sounds nummy (I had to point out to the server that there was a missing S in snails on the menu. Couldn't figure out what sea nails were).Another thing that I thought was absolutely hilarious about this place is that patrons can order a, "tower of beer". It's basically a giant bong of beer with an ice tube in the middle and taps at the bottom.From the outside Nanta totally looks sketchy, like some kind of tucked out of the way gangster club complete giant steel door. Not very inviting looking to the average passerby. Don't be fooled! Open that door, head up the stairs and enjoy an evening of fun and laughs with your friends that you will not soon forget!
<review# 853,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2011,6/14/2012,86,132,2,4,2>This was my first visit to Charcut & I was really impressed. We made last minute reservations for 2 so our original table was really small. My husband noticed they have an open kitchen w/a bar so we asked to sit there. No problem to move. Charcut has wonderful lunch specials that have you in & out within 45 minutes (and they are a great deal). I had the lunch special w/sandwich of the day and my husband had the burger. Both were excellent though I liked the special b/c it came with sandwich, soup, fries & cookies for only $15. One of the best lunch deals in Calgary hands down. Our server was very attentive and came back to check on us at least 3 times during our lunch (which is great considering it was very busy).We WILL be back.
<review# 854,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2012,6/13/2012,11,54,,6,2>I am not going to reduce the market one star due to its size, but I found it to be clean and have all the produce, meat, cheese and bakery items that I was looking for at decent prices. There is a butcher shop that has top quality meats that are cut to allow you to have some prime steaks and roasts, and free range chickens. It was not crowded and the vendors are very helpful and friendly. The food fair stalls offer a wide variety of ethnic dishes that look to be very good and reasonably priced.
<review# 855,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2012,6/12/2012,49,101,8,5,4>Healthfare.  That's a dumb name for a place that isn't healthy.  Nothing in the plus 15 is healthy.What was that?  Is IS healthy?  Oh, I retract my previous statement.  But nothing healthy tastes delicious.  Oh?  It tastes delicious?  Well, they're probably slow and cost a lot.Reasonably priced and quick?  Sheesh, good thing I don't have money on my assumptions.Healthfare located in the BP building offers HEALTHY, delicious alternatives to the run-of-the-mill feeling-eating fast food restaurants.  The Peanut Chicken Lime stirfry is my favourite.  With fresh vegetables grilled over brown rice, this dish is about 400 calories and leaves you feeling full but not disgusting.Colleagues of mine all piled into the Thai Express line up next door, but I wanted something I didn't have to feel guilty about afterwards.  They have combo options with sides such as soup and sweet potato wedges.  Low-fat breakfast options such as granola and oatmeal.  You don't need Will Power to say no to bad food and yes to Healthfare, you'll crave it!  Wait, who is Will Power.. is he hot?  He sounds nice.Pop into HealthFare, you'll be glad you did.18/30
<review# 856,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/2/2012,6/11/2012,165,224,5,6,4>3.5 stars.It is getting increasingly difficult to rate restaurants in whole numbers on Yelp. There are so many places that fall just below a 4, but are better than a 3... Ah. Anyway, I will continue. My friend and I were were feeling under the weather so we were looking to feed ourselves some steaming hot soup to nurse ourselves back to health. My neighbourhood favourite thai place was closed, so the next nearest place to me was Juree's. Off we went, with another relatively healthy friend in tow.Parking was easy. When we entered the restaurant, we marvelled at how nicely decorated it was. We were quickly seated. I knew what I wanted right off the bat: the hot and spicy chicken soup. My friends ordered the wonton soup and the pad thai. We asked for an appetizer of spring rolls and some tea. The food was good. Not exceptional by any means, but slightly better than average. My friends seemed to like it a lot, but even in the midst of a runny nose and Kleenexes galore, I still happen to be a food snob when it comes to ethnic food. What can I say? I have had better Thai food. The spring rolls were rather skinny, and the pad thai was more like a pad sew. But the spicy steaming hot soup was hitting the spot. We were sick and hungry, so we just gorged and "mmmm"-ed with our faces in the food. We were all quite full by the end of the meal, and when they brought us the bill, I felt victorious. With tax AND tip, we paid $43. That's less than $15 per person. For all that food - warm and comforting enough to make some sick and whiny ladies momentarily feel better - that's a bargain.Disclaimer: If this review lacks clarity and makes no sense, its because I am still delirious and foggy-headed i.e. sick. MORE SOUP NEEDED.
<review# 857,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2011,6/10/2012,14,22,,7,3>Update:  I've been to RedBloom three times now and each time been very satisfied with my cut.  My hair is now much more manageable and I can honestly say I haven't had a bad hair day in 3 months. Best Salon EVAR!!  :)I too like a number of other reviewers was in search of a steady stylist.  Have been to nine Salon's in the last 3 years...yes nine and none of them got my haircut quite right.   Am I picky about my haircuts, absolutely, I've had enough haircuts that look good the day of the cut only to have them turn into a haystack the next day, to last me a lifetime.  I just had mine done at another salon and ended up with half red, half gold hairdo.  Now that might not sound bad except the left side was red and the right side was gold!!  This was just before I went to my citizenship ceremony, again not such a big deal except this ceremony was being televised!!  Well that was the last straw I started googling hairsalons and checking reviews and found RedBloom in my search.  I called and got an appointment with Heather.  She made me feel at ease straight away by actually listening to what I wanted.  Not only listening but giving me ideas on how to make the style I wanted better.  I'm sorry you really can't get ANY better than that.  Heather managed to though as the cut, well all I can say is 'wow'.  My hair looks amazing,is so easy to manage and the colour I love it, natural and fresh.  I've had so many compliments (that's how we know we have found 'the" salon...the complimetre :)) I love this salon and was so happy with my cut I booked my next two appointments before I left.  Yep they are that good.  See you soon RB & Heather :D
<review# 858,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2012,6/9/2012,25,88,,7,5>For those of us with dietary restrictions finding treats can be difficult. I know full well that I don't have to have a cookie or a cupcake but I like to once in a while. Places like cookie mama allow us to have the treat with out suffering serious illness or pain.The wide array of cookie and cupcake flavors available in gluten free and dairy free options makes picking a/some treats fun. Some places offer gluten free/ dairy free options but they taste like card board; this is not the case at cookie mama. My favorite cookies are the meringues and the purple rain which is a ginger cookie. The ginger cookie has a strong ginger flavor and is not too sweet which I love because it feels like a little bite on your tongue. It's not as soft as I normally like it but still tasty. The meringue cookies are cooked perfectly with crunchy edges and chewy middle.I had the revolution cupcake which was amazing flavors. The berry flavors in the frosting made my mouth water it was so good. Some people feel the prices are expensive and I can see how it might seem that way. When you talk to the owner and hear about how she goes all over the city to find the best ingredients for gluten free/dairy free products that also taste good it makes more sense. Plus she stores all her gluten free/ dairy free icings, toppings and batters separate from the regular products in order to insure avoiding cross contamination. All this is very costly. So I agree that it seems very expensive but I also understand why it would be.If you have special dietary needs and you want a treat or if you just like your dessert to be made with healthy ingredients than I think cookie mama is worth every penny. They also make coffee, specialty coffee, tea and hot chocolate. I have never tried any of these so I can't comment on the quality.
<review# 859,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2012,6/8/2012,43,229,1,5,3>excellent food despite dated decor, menu and service the decor, menu, and service is straight out of 1980 - totally dated - but i actually kinda like that. Where else can you still get garlic toast LOL? the food is EXCELLENT, although I don't find the prices to be low as some others in this thread would say. i had the steak and lobster last night, which at $38 is about what I expect to pay anywhere else around town.the caesar salad and french onion soup are both superb, as is the seafood-stuffed mushroom appetizer. big thumbs up!
<review# 860,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2012,6/7/2012,27,72,2,6,4>When you think about the last time you had outstanding service, you tend to think about a special meal out or attentive hotel staff.   This weekend, I was actually shocked at the cheerful, quick, quality service I received from the crew at CalAlta Auto Glass.  I think that some of the restaurants around town could send their staff here for training!My boyfriend and I each took our cars in to get windshield chips repaired.  I had 3 chips - 2 of which 'came with' the car when I bought it recently.  The guys took a look and told me that the old chips had already been filled, so I only had one left to fill.  I had no idea that the old ones had already been filled and I can easily see another shop charging me to "fill" them.We had a groupon for 3 chip repairs.  It just happened that my bf had 2 chips filled while I had the one.  They allowed us to combine the invoice from our two cars and pay with just the one groupon (side-note: this is by far my best experience ever at a place while using a groupon!). The entire process, from pulling in to leaving, took no more than 10 minutes.Sure, the waiting room isn't luxurious.  But when you spend so little time waiting, I'm quite happy to let that slide.  I'd rather a company spent its money recruiting, training and retaining outstanding employees then buying a nice couch any day.
<review# 861,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2011,6/6/2012,55,116,5,8,5>Wow is all I can say! This place gives people a taste of what real tacos should be! In my opinion, the best Mexican in Calgary ! It may only be tacos but trust me quality over quantity, and as far as Mexican restaurants go as a general rule of the thumb, the more items there are on the menu the crappier the food....It gave me such a great feeling to see such a humble operation produce something that's authentic. It's pure and honest food made by people who care and who use the right ingriedients cooked the right way!It's a home operation,they make tortillas from scratch and they sell them, they have a small grocery section to. To be honest the place looks like its falling apart but it adds to the charm in this case! Like I said before, it's a humble operation! I have been waiting all my life for Calgary to have a place that makes it the right way lets talk about... Pork, beef, chicken, shrimp, tongue... Each topped in a flavorful  unique sauce(depending on the protein) and little condiments , sitting on two FRESH tortillas , just roll and enjoy!. So simple so delicious ! I have been to Mexico countless times and each time I go I eat REAL tacos! And now I can also get REAL tacos in my own city!! when I have a grumbly tummy itchin for some taco love I now have a place to go for a hug!18/30
<review# 862,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2011,6/5/2012,98,157,4,9,4>Holy negativity, Batman!I am surprised by how many "dissapointed" reviews there are on here from patrons of the former Farmers Market.I really don't get the "mall" comparisons.From the first time I walked in, I only saw the new location as an improvement; a cleaner space with more lighting and an increased amount of interesting vendors.Granted, I miss the old location. I spent many, many, MANY Friday afternoons in that old spot, just having a late lunch, picking up some veggies or taking in a free bbq during stampede time. It is one of the first places I really felt "familiar" with when first arriving in Calgary, and over the years it offered a great deal of comfort (particularly when I was unemployed!), like meeting an old friend regularly for coffee.But we cannot simply hold on to "what was" forever. We have to accept and embrace "what is!" It still feels like the place I knew and loved so well, only with a new makeover and a few improvements!
<review# 863,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/25/2011,6/4/2012,141,125,3,5,2>I've been a fan of JV for years now. Im going to say at least 25 or so years. They use to have two locations in Calgary one at Southport, the other on Third ave Downtown. Now both locals are closed and have since been replaced with their new location on 10th.I have to say I am the only V.I.P. cardholder for Japanese Village this  gives you a 10 % discount on your total bill. I found this out when I was dining there about a month ago and presented my card.The manager (John Arasaki), came over and spoke to me and told me did you Know that you are the only person with one of the cards left in Calgary. He said their was one other person, but he passed away.Now getting on to the food. I usually like to go with a larger group of people, at least 10. That way I'm not eating dinner with a bunch of strangers. (sometimes I don't care). I just feel awkward eating in front of total strangers. It's funny though, I can eat at a teppan style restaurant in another city and not feel self concious in any way and not care who I sit with.When you come to the newest location on 10th, you have to climb a flight of stairs. I'm not sure if the have an elevator, so if you have a guest that needs wheel chair access call ahead. I seem to recall an elderly person having an issue with the stairs when I was leaving.Okay now for the food, I like the different combinations you can order. Steak & Chicken, Chicken & Shrimp, Shrimp, Shogun Special (Filet & Lobster), etc, all meals come with tea, rice, zucchini, onion, beansprouts, a salad a soup, and a dessert. I like the fact the food is prepared in front of you, and I have only had one really mediocre experience when I had a "chef in training". He overcooked most everything on the cooking surface. He was just slow on getting everyones orders off, and a little nervous. As for how it tasted, I don't think you can make that food taste bad with that steak sauce on it. You can put that stuff on anything, your rice chicken, steak, whatever, I can drink that sauce by the ladel. As for the show, I could really do without the show. I honestly feel embarassed for the chef if he can't perform the oversized salt & pepper shakers routine, and throw it behind his back and catch it.I also can do without the cheezy one liners ie: soya sauce being japanese coca cola, or the cooking oil being motor oil 10w-30.If the chef can just do a decent efficient job cooking, I'm happy !
<review# 864,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2011,6/3/2012,43,100,5,7,3>For those who think the Regency and U & Me has awesome dim sum, you are clueless to what else is out there. Urban Rice is a small little place located in the plaza just off Centre and 3rd Ave. My parents took me here because I LOVE those deep fried taro dumplings (wu-gok) and this place apparently has the BEST wu-gok in town.My first impressions walking in: no white people. Perfect.I sat down and the menu was written in Chinese and English which was nice. We ordered a bunch of things including my favourites: shrimp dumplings, siu mai, beef rice "crepe" rolls, wu-gok, and I wanted to have some fish congee so we ordered that too. The congee was well flavoured and they we couldn't taste any MSG! If you go to a place like U & Me, you are sure to find MSG in almost everything. The shrimp dumplings were very hearty and flavourful. So was the siu mai. And the verdict on the wu-gok? The coating was very light, crispy and delicate. The taro portion wasn't too salty so you could taste some intense taro flavour. It was smooth and creamy and there was a perfectly sized portion of minced meat in the middle. Perfect. I don't think it could get any better than this.For you foodies out there who love dim sum, please try this place. You won't find the novelty of the carts rolling around, and you won't find anything weird any unfamiliar. What you will get is some excellent dim sum that is not too salty, not too greasy, and you can order from the same menu as the Chinese speaking folk!28/30
<review# 865,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2012,6/2/2012,15,72,4,4,4>What exactly do you want in a barbershop?That's the key question for those of us men who don't want to spend salon prices but don't want the mullet look either.A barbershop can be as simple as a chair in a mini-mall or Superstore or as complex as a 'sports' barber where it can feel more like sports bar than anything else. Barbers can range from old men who natter away about old men topics to young guys who all seem to be in their early 20's and moments away from stepping into a nightclub. Some barbers offer shaving services with an old fashioned straight edge blade that reminds me of my grandfather in the old county.I can't speak for anyone else but what I look for in a barber, after their skills with scissors / clippers, is their ability to make me laugh. When someone is holding a sharp implement inches away from your head the last thing you want is them making unnecessary movements but I find funny stories help make the time go by faster. Why worry about grey hair when your barber is telling you about the guy in the chair over who went to a wedding last night and barely made it back alive. Why worry about creeping baldness when you could be laughing at the friendly insults everyone tosses at the boss who more than returns with his own. Why worry about the fact that the hair on sides of your head grows twice as fast as the rest resulting in clown hair when you can watch people play wastebasket basketball using hair dryers.The quality of haircut varies from barber to barber but I've always liked what my hair looked like after visiting. The barbers are fun, friendly and always willing to entertain. Price is reasonable and during the busy time the wait has never been longer than 20 minutes. Everyone is looking for something different in a barber.I find what I'm looking for at Razor's Edge.A haircut, a joke and a lollipop that I steal from the ones set out for kids. Throw in a comfortable couch and a few magazines from this year and it's easy to recommend trying out the barbers at Razor's Edge.
<review# 866,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2012,6/1/2012,28,85,2,4,2>The Original Soul in a Bowl is one of the best things I have ever put in my mouth.  My breakfast partner got a benny and that was also yummy...the fruit side was a great addition as it was incredibly fresh.  Service was wonderful....but the wait...oh the wait.  There were many large groups ahead of us and this made it a little painful.  Also this is a tight room, you get to listen to the tables next to you as they are almost in your lap.  Fine unless you get a crashingly boring pretentious couple with cranky "I don't want to be at brunch" baby on one side and hungover walk of shame girls reeking of the night before on the other.  Unless you are into that, which is personal taste.The food was well worth the wait and ambiance though but next time I plan to get there way earlier!  And I plan to order the exact same thing every visit.
<review# 867,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2011,5/31/2012,46,59,,11,3>I'm not a huge fan of crepes (though I can be moved by a good nutella+banana) but am a huge fan of good gelato, and what they have on offer at Crepes and Cravings new 17th Ave location is absolutely superb. I've tried three flavours: the vanilla w/ black cherry, dreamsicle and the limone that Rhona-Mae discusses in the last review. All were exceptional- and by "exceptional," I mean the absolute best I've had in Calgary and, honestly, as good as some I had last month in Buenos Aires, which is a mecca for gelato fans. It's not exactly cheap ($3.75 for a non-huge cup) but the flavours are sublime and the texture and temperature are both perfect. They have conventional ice creams there too- separate freezers for gelati vs ice cream, thank you very much- and they also look scrumptious. Not a grain of ice in sight. I hope they can maintain this quality because this is the best we've seen in Calgary!
<review# 868,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2012,5/30/2012,310,796,14,38,24>Attention all near sighted , far sighted and hind sighted!Need a pair of eyeglasses, do not waste your time looking around, these guys have it all, over 1000 pairs to choose from , from standard D&G to Gucci to international designers like London's William Morris and Inface designs from Denmark.All in with my dealfinds voucher I walked with a designer pair Inface, lens and frames at $200. Plus incredible service and extra magnetic sex appeal with my new look, why go anywhere else.Every person trying on glasses today looked amazing when they walked out, one customer loves this store so much he has bought like 10 pairs from them.Let Asif know I sent you and he will give you his fullest attention.5 stars fo sho!
<review# 869,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2012,5/29/2012,48,224,3,5,2>Due to its extremely close location to my house, I have become a repeat customer here at Pho An.The dude who runs the place is super friendly, and the wait staff is also very nice.   I always order the beef vermicelli, and it is always delicious.  Good amount of beef, and spring rolls.   Their shrimp salad rolls are also very fresh and consistent.    Never had a bad experience here.
<review# 870,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2012,5/28/2012,40,81,17,16,10>Fellow Yelpers, I present to you my White Person's Guide to Lambda.  Why am I providing you with such a valuable service?  There are many reasons really, but mostly because you need to venture away from thinking that Co-op, Safeway, and Costco are the only places in this town to buy groceries.  Another reason is that I might be awesome.  Still trying to figure that one out.Print out and carry this handy guide with you and I guarantee you will have a positive experience AND you'll feel like somewhat of a rogue, shopping in a store where you're the only whitey.Step 1 - Do NOT attempt to park within a block of the market.  Obligatory asian driver jokes aside, the biggest reason is that it will be MUCH faster to park near the Shopper's Drug Mart or Timmy's and walk the block.Step 2 - You probably love sushi (all white people do).  But you don't like spending $6 for 5 little gyoza.  At Lambda you can get a bag of 36 gyoza for under $6.  Once you enter, walk straight ahead until you hit the freezers.  Two kinds of gyoza (pork in a lime green bag, chicken in a blue bag). Pick up one of each and try to control your smugness on the way to the ponzu sauce aisle (Japanese section).Step 3 - Head over to sauces and pick out virtually any sauce for a third of a price of Co-op or Safeway.  Co-op charges $4.19 for a can of Thai Kitchen coconut milk, pick up some authentic stuff here and you're laughing all the way to the bank.Step 4 - Want to make bubble tea?  Pick up a bag of tapioca pearls (Cock brand is best. Seriously.) and add them to your mango smoothie for pseudo bubble tea.Step 5 - Need some fortune cookies? White people love fortunes because then they can say things like "in bed" after the fortune and laugh because now it's a sex joke and who doesn't like jokes about sex?  Bag of about 20 fortune cookies - $1.10.Browse around the store each time you go because you'll always find something amazing and if you're cooking any sort of asian dish, you'll save a ton by getting your ingredients here.  Most importantly, do NOT attempt to park in the lot!  Good luck!
<review# 871,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/18/2011,5/27/2012,41,30,2,3,1>Well, it was nice to finally get out to an event and meet Wendy P... once we found her!Sociale is a nice little space next to the Grand Theatre in the historic Lougheed building.  The main floor is rather small, but comfortable.  There is a downstairs section, though they don't really have enough staff to open it during the week.  The feeling I got is that it becomes a night club on weekend evenings/nights.The menu seems nice, and is available online.  We had one of the flatbreads - the vegetarian one - which was delicious!  Wendy also had a flatbread that she thoroughly enjoyed.  The happy hour specials are quite reasonable, though the menu prices are a bit high for my current liking.  $12.75 for a cocktail seems a bit much.  Even the happy hour price of $9.75 is a bit high, though somewhat better.All-in-all this was a nice place.  I would have given it four stars, but, when Wendy went to pay, we found there is no Interac/debit.  That is a major convenience that certainly warrants a one-star demotion.Check it out.  You're sure to have some delicious libations, nosh, and (hopefully) companionship.
<review# 872,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2012,5/26/2012,85,210,,3,3>I really like Paws - their bulk bins are awesome (I buy charcoal-mint dog treats to attempt to make my dog's breath slightly better). The staff is always very friendly, even when you walk in 5 minutes to close. Prices are comparable to other stores, as far as I can tell and for such little stores, they sure pack a lot in there! Recommend.
<review# 873,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2012,5/25/2012,28,44,3,4,3>Of all the dog parks I've taken Miki to, this one honestly has to be my favorite. It's a very nice open non-fenced park, with a great view of the city and the river. It's also one of the cleaner dog parks too (meaning people properly pick up after their dogs, for the most part). It's also one of the bigger off-leash areas in the city.The only downside would be the parking lot and school congestion during weekdays. However, there is plenty of parking on the street.After the May long weekend, the city installs a fountain for both people and their canine companions (which is excellent in the summer).
<review# 874,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/7/2012,5/24/2012,115,261,3,4,3>Stopped in at Pulcinella last Friday after Beerfest. I've been here a few times already but the boyfriend hasn't, and after a failed attempt at Wine Bar (no tables), we walked over here. My boyfriend was worried he would stick out because he was wearing a hat, but there were a few casually dressed people in the bar so we went in anyway. It was really busy but we sat at the bar and ordered some drinks. I love the decor here, it's really classy and trendy. I happily sipped my Prosecco and we decided to order a pizza - when in Rome, right? We chose the Funghi. To be completely honest, I wasn't hugely impressed. I know that 'authentic' Italian pizza is very thin, and that's fine, but the pizza seemed almost...soggy. It definitely hit the spot for us since we had been drinking all evening, but I actually prefer Una to Pulcinella. However, the arancini is absolutely delicious and again, the decor is outstanding. Service was great, we actually moved over to a table once it opened up and the waitress was super sweet and accommodating. Love the vibe here but I'd skip the pizza.
<review# 875,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2011,5/22/2012,3,8,7,7,5>It's a hot afternoon; even the streets are sweating... you walk up the steel grated steps and open the door...Now, the heat washes past you, like the waves on desert highways, and you can't help but feel transported to a place that knows what real heat, is all about. Arroma and music blasts you in the face, like that same desert's wind and enter you must... upon this new threshold.Just so you know... at Jimmy's, you gotta yell... cuz the music is so bleeding loud... and, it's nice to yell sometimes... to yell, without anger... just to be heard...I'll leave the interior description to you... Jimmy's is a true eastern Mediteranean (I learned to spell that in grade 6, forgive me) shop, all the wares that one might expect, and all the smells that give the glands reasons to seep.Hmm, I'm wondering if this review is turning into something more... sorry, Jimmy's is the best place to get flat breads filled with glorious beef, chicken and falafel fillings. They also sell houka pucks, weird and wonderful canned goods from the world-wide and they are some of the friendliest people you will meet. My only crit.. is the upstairs eating chamber... don't go there, go outside and feast on the amply packed "I can't eat another bite" Shawarma and donair and falafel.Cheers,TedP.S. no spell check... sue me.
<review# 876,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2011,5/21/2012,16,26,3,3,3>Great experience...four of us went out for my friend's 25th birthday. The drinks were great and admittedly we were drunk before our appey even hit the table. I felt an instant affection for our server who strongly resembled my awesome wedding photographer...but anyways she was great.We had three surf and turfs and my man had some sort of fish...by far the most perfectly cooked and gigantic scallop I've encountered, the meat was perfect. The accompaniments were seasonal and well prepared. We shared some great sorbet before we stumbled out of there. The restaurant is beautiful on the inside, looks like a big nothing from the outside. The staff were patient with my loud but well meaning crowd and we left on a cloud. I highly recommend for a special occasion or special date.
<review# 877,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2011,5/20/2012,40,98,2,26,4>I was actually reading Nyssa's review of this place, and decided to go based on her great experience, as well as the fact that the prices are more than 50% cheaper than what I was paying elsewhere.I made my appointment for Saturday, and that morning I received a reminder text from Noori about my appointment.She was ready for us - my sister and I - promptly. Her room was calm and clean, and she played relaxing music. She confirmed me with me what i wanted done, and then also asked me if i would like nubing spray, for an extra $4. Let me tell you girls, it's worth it. Even though Noori was super fast and gentle, the spray helped with the pain, which was surprisingly minmal. She uses a roller, and it's much quicker than the traditional wax pots. Noori was very professional, and NOT shy, she gets right in there, but doesn;t make you feel embarassed. She actually apologized for not being quicker!All in all this was a good experience. She will be my new waxer. I'd like to add she's located in Wentworth, which is 25 minutes away from me at the end of Bow Trail S, but her prices are so good, it makes it worth it. You can get a full body wax for $80, brazilian for $25, brow threading for $7, and legs & bikini for only $50. She has additional services you can check out on her website too, which i will definitely be trying.
<review# 878,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2012,5/19/2012,68,46,2,6,3>We have anxiously been awaiting the opening of The Fine Diner. Always having a new place to wander to in Inglewood.We went for a Friday lunch, arriving right at noon. The place was hopping, with tables half full, a few reserved and just a couple left to fill. We managed to scoop one of the last ones. The place is not terribly big, so if you WANT to go, call ahead & make a reservation. It was packed by the time our drinks arrived.The menu is varied. Lots of diner standards, with modern twists plus some less typical diner fare. We opted to start with fried pickles - YUM! Coating was good and crispy, but not greasy. If you like pickles, definitely give it a try. We also had a Diner burger. Tasty! Just the right size too. Lots of garlic aioli & the pancetta was a nice touch. Bonus points for having a flavourful burger that does not drip all over you - important when having to return to work. Someone at the table next to us got the fish tacos. They looked fantastic and fresh. Definitely want to give them a try sometime.Service was friendly! Funny even. :) The one downside is that we waited a looooooong time for our bill. However it was crowded with lots of people calling for attention. I imagine it's difficult to know how to staff a restaurant in the first few weeks, so will cut them a break on this one.We will be back!
<review# 879,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2012,5/18/2012,19,165,3,4,3>The 21st Century has arrived at the CPL! An incredible, high-tech return system in the front foyer! What a glory, no more obfuscation with the check-out ladies (I swear, I just returned my three New & Notable items 10 minutes ago! I would like to check out these brand new Blu-Rays now!). Also, the interior is cool: high ceiling, plenty of study nooks and dozens of computers with Internet access. Four check-out terminals and always two humans doing the old fashioned checking-out. The main reading area has a fireplace! It speaks to my heart. I never got much of a chance to explore the shelves, but I am sure it is a good selection, somewhere in between the central branch's floors of awesomeness, and Southland's cozy slim pickings. Great location.
<review# 880,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/6/2011,5/17/2012,69,229,,2,4>Started my beer passport here tonight. For $5 you get this cool little passport book (just like the kind that allows you to travel freely from one country to another) that you enter the different kinds of beer you taste. They have 80 on the passport menu and as you drink your way to 80 beers, you get prizes. The creme de le creme of prizes is your name on a plaque on the wall at the bar. You have one year to sample all 80 beers on the list. An easy task for some, more challenging for others. I'm going to give it an honest try and see how far I can go. Should be a fun trip. Gathered here tonight with some fellow yelpers, we all ordered different beer. I had a Great White beer from California,  something light and refreshing (my favorite so far) Quilmes from Argentina and finally the Tetley's English Ale (a little too creamy for my liking, had hoped for more tea tasting). The selection of beer here will make your head spin, even before you start drinking.I was needing something to eat and they had butter chicken on the menu. I thought I'd take a chance and it was sooo worth it. A good portion of butter chicken with some basmati rice and naan bread. Oh what glorious goodness. It was as good as any butter chicken I've had at an actual Indian restaurant. This was a very welcome surprise and I highly recommend it to anyone who likes Indian food. Now I'll certainly be returning to Bottlescrew Bills and not just because I'm working on my beer passport. It's got friendly atmosphere and the staff is outstanding. They really know their beer. The food is fantastic. The beverages are plentiful. Seriously, this place has it going on.
<review# 881,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2012,5/16/2012,45,205,4,6,7>Im a fan of sitting outside Beano on the bench on a summer night (open till midnight) with a Vietnamese coffee (half sweet). It keeps you buzzed for hours. Other than asian restaurants, its hard to find this drink in your average coffee joint. All types of characters are found at Beano. Regulars are typically greetedenthusiastically by the staff upon entrance ( I am not one of them). I like the cozy feeling of the cafe, and how they support local efforts around the city, such as Sidewalk Citizen's products and some girl's name I forget...they have her granola bars. Also picked up my copy of the Underground Film Fest schedule (excite!)Its not somewhere to study, as its so busy, but again, back to the outside benches. Its a spot where random converstations with strangers begin. Suffice to say, I find it a great form of entertainment. On the way to a party, we stopped at Beano for a cold drink. I decided to wait outside, as I had a gigantic Tupperware full of homemade Sangria for a party we were headed to down the street, and I ended up staying for half an hour just chatting to the folks on the bench..the Tupperware of Sangria being the ice breaker for our converstations. Anyway, back to the drinks....not the cheapest around, but Id like to think I pay for the atmosphere that comes with buying a tea or cookie. A bonus is that they try to recycle as much as possible!
<review# 882,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2011,5/15/2012,15,47,4,4,3>Gorgeous little joint, well lit, with a clean whimsical layout.Oh, and they offer a unique ever-changing menu of sweet fried dough confections and other accoutrements to help you compesate for you poor dietary choices. Organic yogurt and fruit to offset that delightful yet clotery forming maple bacon donut. Yes, they will now be known as your cloteries.They lose a star for advertising being uber eco friendly while serving Fiji water and wrapping everything giftable in cellophane. Also, the coffee tables have wheels on the bottom. Keep this in mind when rolling yourself out of the low slung chairs and accidently sling your coffee to the floor. But enough first world problems, on to the good part!They offer both cake and yeast risen donuts, both are lovely though. Out of the seven I've tried (self control? yeah, not my strong suit) peanut butter and jelly came out on top. Sweet peanut frosting with a jelly centre and a pinch of crunchy roasted peanuts on top. There was more than enough peanuts flavour to satisfy me!  ...don't try saying that last sentence out loud though.
<review# 883,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/29/2012,5/14/2012,52,76,5,14,4>If you know me you know I don't really do the Karaoke, I'm super shy, I definitely can't sing and so I try as hard as I can to stay away from these kinda places. Every now and then though you have a night of celebrations like last night and so I had to make my way down to Lips KTV. Lips is located on a few doors down from Sapien Nightclub, basically across the street from the Safeway on 10th Avenue. There is some parking right infront of the place, also some parking on the side lot, parking on the street and if you don't really care about your car you can always be bold and park in the Safeway parking lot as well.Lips seems a little different from the other usual Karaoke lounges when I walked through the door to be greeted by two bouncers, yeah I guess I could see that there might be the odd time there is trouble happening. If you have ever been to Superstar Karaoke, Lips basically is set up in the same manner -- there's a small room with a few arcade machines of some sort and the rest are hallways that lead to the private rooms, there is no main room.It does look like they have spent some money on this place as I do appreciate how the rooms are so clean and modern unlike a lot of other Karaoke places where I'm not even really sure if I want to sit down anywhere. They put a lot of money into the lighting as well, you'll know what I mean when you go there and see the tables changing different colors and stuff..The display to change songs and whatever, it is cool, new and modern but seems kind of difficult to control -- maybe I am just used to looking at a book and putting in numbers with the remote control lol. Also, for some reason it seems like the English song selection isn't as big as I thought it would be or it was just difficult to find the songs that we wanted to pick.The people working at Lips are attentive though, when you press the service button they are pretty quick to come see what you need.
<review# 884,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2012,5/13/2012,45,109,,5,2>Reminds me of a NYC bar. Cramped, narrow, and small. But it makes it hard to get a table because it gets busy easily. It gives it character, haha.When you do find a table, it makes for a great lounge. The drinks seem expensive, but they are usually doubles. And all the cocktails are pretty original. Mostly tasty, and a few misses. The menus are made of old Hardy Boys hardcovers. Unfortunately, too many people tried to steal them, so they switched to normal boring menus.Because its hipster central, the music is always good.
<review# 885,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2011,5/12/2012,65,117,1,3,4>If you are wondering where to go tonight, go to Model Milk.Model Milk, as the name implies, is nicely nestled in an turn-of-the century building that was once a creamery. Newly renovated with a shout-out to it's roots, the interior boasts an inviting décor sure to make you feel at home. (With neat-o tables that slide along a steel beam to break apart or slide together for more or less seating.)My sister said to me, "fair warning when you go to Model Milk, that place is a time warp." Meaning that if you go at 7, before you know it it's midnight and you've fallen in love with the menu, tried that funky lavender liqueur at the bar and befriended the staff.The chicken with mushroom cream sauce and cornbread sings and the tomato salad with avocado are the best raw vegetables you're likely to eat this side of your garden.I highly recommend Model Milk, not only because the food is delicious, but because it's delicious AND unique; which is a welcome departure from what you would typically find in Calgary.I am not the only one that is going to recommend this restaurant, there many are others, and they will bring their friends; this makes Model Milk busy busy. So go early, or late, or on a weekday, but go none-the-less.T.
<review# 886,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2011,5/11/2012,28,35,3,5,3>I used to work quite close to Decadent Desserts but never went in. Then, in 2010, I happened to be in the neighbourhood on my birthday and wandered in on a whim. What I found there has changed my view of desserts entirely. I've only tried a few different things at Decadent - namely their cupcakes, shortbread cookies and the lemon slice - and each is better than the last. This is the place to go for a real, tart and tasty lemon slice that's flaky, delicious and not too sweet. I'm positively in love with their Italian buttercream cupcakes. I celebrated my birthday with one and instantly decided to make it a birthday tradition. Crave cupcakes are tasty, but those at Decadent Desserts are simply divine. They're conveniently located next to one of my favorite Calgary spots - The Holy Grill - so stopping in for a truly amazing lunch and dessert couldn't be easier.
<review# 887,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2012,5/10/2012,5,69,,2,3>Oh Sloth, I delight in thee!Now that I am re-starting my collection of Vinyl you make me so happy. Such a huge selection of not just oldies, but new ones too. And even imports & hard to finds. Plus just reminiscing through the artists is a hoot. I literally spend hours in here. People that have accompanied me can atest to this. Cuz after hours they get bored and restless, some even leave LOL. Used to live really close to you, and am in somewhat a close proximity now. For those trying to find it, located on 17th Ave. Some might miss it. Right beside the Poutine place & teensy tiny bit West of Melrose.Not only do you have delicious selections of vinyl, but even music t's. Yep, as you might of guessed I collect them too. Not a massive selection, but a few. Hey, they even have those metal studded rock bracelets too(I got one to complete a Halloween costume but find myself donning it once & awhile). As far as prices go, well it's not like vinyl is cheap anymore. Probably that's the only reason they don't get 5 stars. I think they are very on par with other sellers of the same wares though.I am actually giving another selling point of them an entire paragraph. They also sell concert/live music/event tickets. At a very reasonable price too, without all those extra charges like Ticketmaster have. I've gone to quite a few.Sloth is not a really big place, so on days it's busy(like weekends) you may find it a bit crowded. Staff is knowledgeable & they don't hound you like alot of sales people do. There are alot of stairs to climb up to get into the store. For those that might have challenges.Check em out if you get the chance, well worth your time!
<review# 888,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2011,5/9/2012,187,427,,4,4>Maybe it's the fact that I haven't purchased a deli made sandwich in a couple of months, but I just came across a sandwich that put a rip in the space-time continuum. Deli-cious, this little place across from Divino's on Stephen Ave, has completely altered the way I look at a sandwich. The game-changer is a Harvest Turkey Apple Cheese Sandwich. With it's Brezain Feux De Bois Cheese and Blueberry (that's right) Mayo, it's very description evokes a Pavlov response that turns me into a zombie transfixed on my thirst for Blueberry Mayo. The smokiness of the De Bois mixed with pure fruit at first scared me. I know of nobody in my circle of friends that smoke fruit or fruit smoke. However, upon analysis why couldn't these flavours work together, I love smokies and I love fruit...ies.Sometimes when the full moon is out and the stars align just right, Deli-cious runs out of apples. Their solution is to turn a negative situation into a positive. They replace apples with strawberries. Now realize that this is equivalent to someone saying sorry you didn't win $2 on this lotto scratch ticket you won $5. It is my opinion that the strawberries are superb with this sandwich combination. I would go even further saying that they should consider replacing the apples with strawberries from here on in. But both are satisfying.The sandwich comes with chips and pickles, both fine appetizers and finishers. Total cost ...a mere $8.50 + tax. We need more places like this on Stephen Ave. Affordable, down to earth and satisfying.1/30
<review# 889,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2012,5/8/2012,16,16,8,10,6>This isn't even up for debate - The Den is the shit. I have had both awesome and average nights there, but not once have I gone and regretted going after. Since I discovered it, I go almost every Thursday that I can, as Thursday is student appreciation night. I can't speak for how it is on the other six days of the week, but on "Thursden", this place is off the chain.A mini-pitcher of a triple mixed drink or a regular sized pitcher of beer is around ten bucks, so it isn't even a requirement (let alone smart) to pre-drink before going.The top floor has more of a pub atmosphere (booths, tables, lights on, quieter music, etc) and the bottom floor is more of a club with dark lighting and a dance floor. This works perfect because you can go with your friends, sit at a table upstairs, get your pre-game on, and when you're ready to roll, go straight downstairs to the club. The top floor is my personal favorite. Because the music's not blaring and the lights are on, it creates relaxed vibes and you can actually have a real conversation with friends/new people, as opposed to dumb club talk about nothing.The Den has a rule that you must be a student with a valid ID to come in, and if you're a U of C student, you may bring in one guest. As much of a pain in the ass as this is, as I am not currently a student, I wouldn't change it if I could. This rule keeps out (with minor exceptions), creepy people, older people, greasers, etc.  Another thing I love about The Den is that unlike a lot of other clubs, the girl to guy ratio is usually pretty even. A lot of the clientele are U of C students living on res who came straight from class to go have a few drinks. With the population mainly being students, a lot of people are from other places and haven't met a whole lot of friends yet. This means they are a lot more likely to be outgoing, step outside of their clique, and are used to meeting new people.  It's just like the socialization in a hostel when you're traveling! Everyone's got a different story!The three cons of The Den are 1. The lineup, 2. The smoke pit, and 3. The dance floor. If you go to The Den after 9pm on a Thursday, the lineup can get up to over an hour long. I once waited for 95 minutes. Waiting in line has got to be the most buzz killing activity there is. When you finally get in to the place, you're tired and lethargic, so get there early to avoid this! I would recommend showing up before 8pm on a Thursday.The smoke pit has a restricted capacity, and therefore, also has a lineup, which is extremely annoying.  They require you to leave a piece of ID with them when you go outside. This lineup can be around 15 minutes sometimes.  Normally the smoke pit is my favourite place to pick up chicks; a breath of fresh air, zero music, and the "cigarette exchange" probably sparks more conversations than anything when I'm out at the bar.  A simple "Hey, do you have a lighter?"  can turn into anything.  But with a lineup, usually only guys are dumb enough to wait 15 minutes for a cigarette.The Den's dance floor is one of the biggest battlezone's I have ever seen. It always seems like every girl is already taken, and to make matters worse, there's a bunch of guys just hanging out there too. You're often pushing through a sea of dudes and couples making out, trying to find the diamond in the rough. THAT BEING SAID, it is very easy to meet girls in this place, and bring um on the dance floor.All in all, Den, you get five stars from me.
<review# 890,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2012,5/7/2012,65,135,3,6,4>What can I say about this place?  It's been like a second home to me since I moved to Calgary 4.5 years ago.  Discovered Melrose on my first walk down the Red Mile and it's been a staple in my life ever since.  Don't get me wrong, when I first moved here most people from Calgary did not understand why I liked Melrose so much.  Most Calgarians did not want to go there with me, so I had to recruit out-of-towners like myself to go for drinks and grub.  I'm not sure why they didn't like Melrose since I wasn't around before, but some of them are certainly starting to turn around now.  I've been to Melrose for supper, late night drinks, lunch, parties, charity events, brunch, and early morning World Cup matches (so fun!).  I won't say that the service has always been consistent, but that's like any place with so many waiters & waitresses moving through all the time.  I have noticed lately that the service has gotten better though, so they must be doing something right.  The management staff are awesome.  Just awesome.  They are very helpful, friendly, and super accommodating when we are making a huge reservation.  They make you feel right at home every time you are there.  Even though I've eaten at Melrose many, many times, I have not tried everything on the menu - shocking, right?!  I have a few favourites that I have found to be tasty every time - the skillet for brunch, calamari for appetizer, and the taco salad for dinner.  I've heard nothing but good things about the waffles as well, but I can't have gluten so no waffles for me *wah wah*.  They also have a good selection of beers, awesome cocktails, and reasonably priced wines, so you can't go wrong there at all. Another thing I love about Melrose is that they host charity events (YYC4SlaveLake, Holipalooza) and local groups (Social Media Breakfast, Third Tuesdays) quite often, which tells me they are interested in the community.  Yes, it's a bar, but these types of events and offerings make them stand out from the rest in a positive manner.  Plus, it's a great venue for these events - I can still sneak a peak at the sports on the TVs while I'm there!Sometimes the late-night crowd can be a little iffy at Melrose, but if you're there with a good group you won't even notice.  They used to have awesome DJs, which made for fun nights, but this has changed recently.  It will be interesting to see what they do with the second location opening up soon.  Overall, a great place for drinks and grub or a night out and I know I will be back here many, many times after this post.  Summer's coming and I can't wait to hit their patio, great place to people watch on 17th Ave!
<review# 891,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/25/2011,5/6/2012,11,53,4,6,4>I have been here a number of times now, but usually I come more so for the live music rather than the grub and drinks. The drinks I can't really comment on, but the few times I have had food (usually nachos, and one time lemon pepper chicken strips), it has been excellent. The service is also exceptional considering the usual crowds and noise level must make the servers jobs a pain. Drinks are also cleared away frequently keeping the place clean. Only complaint: It can be quite cramped at times. There are nights when it's impossible to find a table, and if you're standing with the crowd in front of the stage I hope you don't have a personal bubble because it gets cramped.
<review# 892,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2011,5/5/2012,24,43,,3,2>Yum.  That is all.  Well, almsot...I'm a big fan of Vietnamese food Calgary-style generally, so was excited for something new at Kol3.  These crepe-like dishes are kind of crunchy, full of fresh veggies & meats, ready quickly and super yummy.This restaurant does eat in and take out.  Staff are friendly and attentive.  Prices aren't bad - $11-13 per dish.To top it all off, most dishes are gluten and dairy free!
<review# 893,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/1/2012,5/4/2012,137,253,,5,4>Cut-Rite Meats is probably one of the least unassuming butcher shops in town in one of the most out of the way location as well in Forest Lawn.  Going down 17 Ave SE, and a bit down the way from the Sobey's and Zeller's mall, you would find this simple white building with painted windows at a strange triangular corner.The quality of the meats are first-rate, with a wide selection in beef, pork, and poultry.  There's even a selection of game meats in burgers and what-not, and Jimmy the Butcher offers wild game meat butcher services as well for all you Alberta hunters.  I've enjoyed his offerings in the past, and the pricing is easily very competitive or better than supermarket prices, and at much better quality.  You honestly won't regret stocking up here for the summer bbq season, a family dinner or just a plain ol' steak dinner.
<review# 894,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2011,5/3/2012,194,334,,6,1>The Gallery Cafe has been in my path for quite some time on the west side of downtown.  I have been frequenting it a little more often lately, since I have recently discovered the esthetics salon beside it that shares a common doorway off 7th Street SW.  So to a certain extent, I have rediscovered it.The gallery cafe has a large assortment of sandwiches, that come with either a salad or fries for under $6.  I kid you not.  Further, I was watching them scoop out an insanely huge portion of homemade macaroni and cheese to the customer in front of me.  In my mind, that portion would have fed 2 - 4 people easy.In the same visit, the special was perogies and cabbage rolls, and again, the portion was insane.  There were 3 large cabbage rolls that easily filled a third of the plate.  Then a stack of perogies.  They kept falling off, but the girl behind the counter was persistent about loading it up, and then another wedge on the plate with a salad.  It looked pretty good, but what really surprised me was the large poritions for little money.As I approached the till to pay, there is a friendly sign over the cashier.  The sign lets you know that their meals are homemade and prepared with care and that they value comments and suggestions to help customers happy and healthy.  Who wouldn't want to support a business like that?  I know I do!
<review# 895,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2012,5/2/2012,11,32,3,4,4>So the last time I wrote a review about Kinjo Sushi was a while ago, however having visited the restaurant for the past year, here's an update if any of you are interested.Kinjo has been known for many years now to be one of the top sushi restaurants to dine at where the original southwest location in Calgary always had both new and returning customers where business was and is still booming.  After the owner of Kinjo had decided on creating another location in Calgary, this time in the northwest quadrant of the city, it was probably one of the greatest business decisions as the restaurant is constantly packed.Forewarning to diners, I recommend either dining at Kinjo either for lunch or for a really late dinner.  Unfortunately Kinjo does not take reservations, so regardless of how big or small the party is, I would say avoid the prime time 6 or 7 o'clock meal as the restaurant is just jammed packed...literally.  Unless you have a backup plan to dine elsewhere, wait times for tables can last up to 30 to 40 minutes.  Kinjo is also a popular place for birthdays - so if you're looking for a venue that isn't noisy, do be warned that Kinjo may not be your top choice.  Based on my experience of coming here (which is a lot) there usually is an average of 5 or more birthdays held where all the staff of Kinjo will join in the festivities by clapping, singing, and drum-beating for that special individual.  So as for forewarning, it can be a rather noisy meal for diners.As a final note to my update, if you're craving for a beer but don't feel like spending a lot at the liquor store, definitely come to Kinjo.  For the northwest location only, Kinjo serves $3.50 pints of beer where you have the choice of Traditional, Alexander Keiths, Big Rock, Sapporo.  If you consider how much a beer is at a bar, its a damn good deal at Kinjo.
<review# 896,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2011,5/1/2012,116,106,2,7,3>It's funny, but every time I've ever gone bowling in Calgary, it's been at Let's Bowl.I don't know why that is, but there you go.  I mean, I can't complain. This location has everything you need. From a Pro Shop to pool tables to a bar and to a reasonably priced concession stand with a Pizza Hut Express, it's a one-stop shop for everything you need to enjoy a nice night out bowling with your friends.It's been around for as long as I can remember (I recall going on field trips here in.junior high), so they must be doing something right.If you're looking for some place to bowl, there's no need to look further than Let's Bowl.6/30
<review# 897,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2011,4/30/2012,57,118,3,3,3>Chicken on the way is located in the corner of Kensington Road NW, you really can't miss it!!  I must admit, I have these weird cravings.  I've been craving some crispy greasy chicken alot lately and I've driven past Chicken on the way multiple times but when I first mentioned Chicken on the way to Spence, his response was "Yuck!"  So after a while I kept avoiding it and avoiding it, not thinking anything of it.  So after 4 years of living in Calgary, I FINALLY gave Chicken on the way a try.  I went against Spence's "Yuck" and tried it one night after a yoga class at Beyond yoga.  It wasn't far but I did go out OUT OF THE WAY to try Chicken on the way! (haha)  It was about 9:45PM and I was the only one in the parking lot.  When I walked in, I was winded by the smell of greasy goodness.  After reading other reviews, I went with the 2 piece chicken with fries and a corn frit to go.  It was ready RIGHT AWAY!! I paid $6.50 and walked right out ... it was pretty fast!I set the bag on my passenger seat, and started driving.  As I drove, I really couldn't help myself, so I reached over AT A RED LIGHT (no distracted driver for me :P) and grabbed some fries. MMMM MMMM, nice hot crispy fries with skin on them and just enough salt!  When I got home, I dug into the bag, took the small yellow box out and went in for the chicken. MMM AHHH, so delicious!!  The skin on the chicken was extra crispy..just the way I like it, the meat was juicy, the fries were still nice and hot, and the corn frit was tasty!  The corn frit was a little dry, but still hot with a slight crisp.  I took a bite and you can see pieces of corn inside.  It was good, but nothing to rave about though.  I'm sure the freshest ones are the best.  The chicken and fries were the main event!I'd say, it's worth going out of your way to stop at chicken on the way!! :)
<review# 898,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2012,4/29/2012,429,445,13,12,7>10/30"Let's go dancing! We'll go to Mansion!" Pass. I convinced my favorite OPP and her lady friend to come to Commonwealth instead, where the Warehouse/Underground used to be. It's been transformed in to an awesome place for dancing and chilling with friends as of late, and if you get here on a Friday night before 10pm, you won't have to freeze your butt off in the cold because you wanted to wear something cute out for once. Sorry, but fashion before function sometimes wins out.Last Friday, we had to wait 20 minutes outside because we arrived at 10:30, but we were extremely appreciative of the fact that the bouncers got rid of the giant group of underaged bubblegummers that were ahead of us (much to their dismay). Upstairs they were playing a mix of top 40s and old-school jams and we were happy to stay up there, until some very handsy giant woman decided to play grab-ass with me. Not unless you buy me a drink, hon. Down below was a mixture of 60's/70's and 80's funk and R&B. And lots of dry-humping. And the HGW followed me downstairs. And still bought me no drink. Take the hint, HGW. I appreciate that Commonwealth tries to appeal to more than one crowd, though.Pretty sure their fries and homemade ketchup are laced with unicorn tears. I get them every time I come here. Carbs and vodka are the fuel for booty poppin'.
<review# 899,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2012,4/28/2012,42,163,2,6,2>I'm a geek.  A very proud geek.  Comic-Kazi brings that out in me fairly easily.  "You #*@$*! think just because a guy reads comics he can't start some s*it?"               - Brodie BruceAhem, so to the point.  I've been going here for the past couple months to buy some pieces of nerd memorabilia in the form of comics.  The owners seem very nice, and the man is fairly knowledgeable in what he carries and what is coming out soon.  The lady isn't as knowledgeable, but is always very friendly.  They have a good selection of comics, toys, graphic novels etc.  A walk upstairs reveals a large room packed with older comics that you can browse through.  The downside is that many aren't in near mint shape anymore after the way they were handled and stored when they were put in there.  Many of their items are cheaper than other comic book stores especially their bags, boards and storage boxes (Small cardboard box that fits approximately 100-150 books is only $5)All in all, it's a great little place.  Being close to home and easy to get to doesn't make it easy to save money but it does help geeks like me slowly take over the world *queue superhero theme song*
<review# 900,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2012,4/27/2012,52,263,3,3,3>I am so excited that I tried this place! I had a piece of ham and pineapple pizza for lunch today. It was LOADED with pineapple which I really like on my pizza, so that was awesome. The whole thing was pretty much covered in ham, too. Also a score. And the cheese. OH MY GOODNESS. It's soooo gooey and soft, not chewy like some really cheesy pizzas out there. I think I made a rookie mistake by just trying to eat it and not using a knife and fork because the cheese is so stretchy I looked like a fool. I am confident that a whole brick of cheese was used on my piece of pizza. Anyways. Enough about cheese. The crust is so soft, and like Lisa, I'm not even a huge crust person but this crust was almost like a piece of fresh warm bread.The service was really friendly and the piece of pizza was enough to fill me up for lunch and it was only $3.30! This will definitely be a "treat lunch" and I probably shouldn't eat it often as it's so rich, but boy did I enjoy it!
<review# 901,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2011,4/26/2012,305,278,4,6,6>Sigh I really didn't want to review this place. I wanted to keep it all to myself, but I guess a girl can only eat so many crepes herself!I stumbled upon this little (tiny) place walking by on 10th street on a stroll. Crepe Avenue sits neatly tucked somewhere between beadworks and a health/wellness store. I must had driven past this place a hundred times but it's so blended in I've never noticed. Boy am I ever glad I found it. They have a selection of either sweet dessert crepes or savory snack crepes. I almost never stray from the strawberry nutella crepe, it's absolutely yum. They make the crepe fresh, and hand it to you over the counter so you can enjoy it still warm. I hope everyone enjoys it as much as I do! My only complaint is they could be a lil more generous with the filling. A full size crepe will run about $6~ a mini is $4 and half the size.They have a seating area of 3 small tables, so don't expect to get a seat if people are already lined up. However they do offer free wifi!note: they don't have a designated parking area so you have to use street parking and private lot parking. If you use safeway's parking they may come out and give you a ticket, I've seen it happen!
<review# 902,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2012,4/25/2012,130,261,2,6,5>After missing out on the Elite party last month, I was very happy to meet up with a dozen fellow Yelpers for dinner here last weekend. I have to thank Sabz for informing the delightful folk at Anju in advance that there would be a veeeeegan (me) in attendance. Chef Roy prepared a special tasting menu for our party, and took care of my lifestyle preferences very specifically as well. While everyone else was gorging themselves on all sorts of omnivorous things, I was treated to my own eats including...Wakame SaladSeawead w/Sesame Oil Asian Pear Salad Grilled eggplant w/soyaTruffled Yam FriesTofu lettuce wrapsAnd when Anju didn't have any vegan friendly desserts, our amazing server decided to make me one of his signature cocktails, the Daisy Cutter, with ingredients I will not disclose as you should just go try it for yourself. The service was exceptional and very friendly, with said server making sure our glasses were constantly full of water, and soju (in three different flavours; lychee, aloe, and mango). I left full and happy, and was thrilled to be so well taken care of in a city where vegan options are sometimes hard to come by without feeling like you are totally inconveniencing an establishment. The tasting menu was priced very reasonably, especially when considering the wide array of options brought to our table. I would definitely like to visit Anju again! Thanks for the lovely experience guys.
<review# 903,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2012,4/24/2012,1328,1117,8,28,9>Being someone of East Indian descent, you know when I give an East Indian restaurant 5 stars it's because the place is AH-MAZING. And truly, that's the ONLY way to describe Maharajah.I've been going to Maharajah now for almost 6 months and it has quickly become my absolute favourite Indian restaurant in Calgary.The service is phenomenal. I have NEVER had any qualms about it on any of the multiple occasions I've eaten there. And the food? - you ask. Well, as good as the service!A couple months ago, Maharajah introduced a dinner buffet on Friday and Saturday nights. The whole meal deal is is available at an insanely economical value of $16.95 per guest. I"m talkin': Pakore, papads, samose, naan (plain, butter or/and garlic), papri chat, raita, salad, soup, around 4-5 meat dishes (one of which is the best tandoori chicken I have ever had) and around 4-5 veggie dishes (one of which is the best baingan ka bharta I have ever had). Then of course, there's dessert which includes fruit salad, kheer/custard, gajar ka halwa and gulab jamun. If Indian dessert is not your thing, the restaurant also offers vanilla ice cream with delicious mango pulp drizzled on top. If I haven't convinced you to try this place yet, then I don't know what else I could possibly say.Every time I come here, I feel like I've died and gone to heaven. Yup, it's that good.Thank you to Maharajah for being one of the greatest Indian restaurants I have ever been to, hands down.See you there next weekend!
<review# 904,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2012,4/23/2012,14,65,,4,2>My family has started going to Aida's a lot over the past year or so, and I never seemed to be able to make it. Last night I finally got to try it with my mom and sister. We ordered the mouhammara, fatayer, shawarma platter, falafel platter, and the grilled chicken sandwich. I was reluctant to order the mouhammara, thinking I would prefer another type of dip. My sister insisted the mouhammara was the best choice, and I am so glad I tried it! Definitely recommend ordering this. Great combination of sweet and nutty. I also recommend trying their iced tea. It is house made with rose water. The grilled chicken sandwich was amazing. I am going to have trouble ordering any thing else when I return. Garlic paste, grilled chicken and pickles inside a pan fried crispy pita. What more could you ask for? I love garlic and this sandwich had plenty of it. The service was great, and the restaurant wasn't too busy. Sounds like reservations may be required on fridays and saturdays.
<review# 905,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2012,4/22/2012,67,141,,5,2>I am so down with breakfast and I am down with this place. Bridgeland has some wicked breakfast choices and blue star is worth checking out.I came a bit early and had a few minutes to kill while waiting a bit for my date. My friendly server hooked me up with a nice earl grey tea with soy milk on the side. Their tea comes in it's own individual size bodum - which I love! We both loved the decor of this place - it's so fresh and bright. While we were waiting for our food to come, seeing other peoples orders lets me know there are some amazing things to try. The stuffed french toast looked so awesome - they have both a sweet option and a savoury option. My date and I both had the traditional breakfast with bacon and we both fell silent as we tucked into the first few bites, following that initial taste with a solid "mmmmm".  Loved it all, good bacon, great potatoes, a nice rye toast, awesome jam on the side. There wasn't so much as a scrap left on either of our plates by the end of it.This lady loves brunch and this place rules.
<review# 906,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2012,4/21/2012,62,103,18,9,11>HOO-AH reader! I'm back with another gut-busting review of a YMCA location. Can your flabby ass handle the shock I'm about to lay all over you? Well I sure hope so, because just reading this review is going to make you lose 10 pounds and up your bench press by 15, so get yourself ready. Don a headband, hike up those sweatpants (elastic waist recommended) and close the door if you need to. Now, I'm a proud YMCA pass holder. I bought it because you can use them at quite literally any YMCA in the known galaxy and nobody even questions it. You just scan that dutch at the front, "BEEP", get your lock and strut in there like you own the place. This is my home gym. My mecca. My regular workout spot. This is where I come to get my swell on and where I come to mercilessly punish myself to the point of tears for eating too many toblerones over the Easter break. This is where I curse myself under my breath, strain my ever-growing muscles and get myself in tip top shape for the womenfolk to admire covertly from across the pub as I scarf down wings (which I will later mercilessly punish myself for all over again). Anyways, let's do some lunges and get right into why I think this place is almost as good as the feeling I get after squatting so much that my gym shorts threaten to rip down the middle:Let's first focus on the good.Parking is awesome. I've never NOT gotten a spot. This is a HUGE problem other places (Like the World Health Club in Edgemont), so this is a major plus.There are a whole lot of different cardio-machines here for kids who don't realize that just running for an hour isn't going to be the best way to lose weight but still want to waste time on the hamster wheel. I warm up on the bikes, ellipticals or treadmills before I get down to my REAL workout. You know, the one that works.The weight area is well appointed with tons of dumbbells, chains, bars and machines. You can squat on the squat machine, curl on the curl machine, do circuits, whatever. If you want to tear your muscles in a brand new way, you'll find it here somewhere.The facility is usually pretty clean which is massively important because there' nothing worse than wanting to go get sweaty and massive and having someone else's dirty bandaid sitting on the locker room floor. The folks here seem to understand that toweling off your machine is  NOT optional when you are done, which some of the downtown folk are too snobby to get through their skulls. HOO-AH!For those who like to do a bit of a different workout, the giant puffy medicine balls or kettlebells will not disappoint. These are rarely in use. And if you want you can jump on and off of a stool. Of course, you don't WANT to, but you NEED to. You OUGHT to. So you WILL, unless you're a giant pussy.Lastly, the stretching area, while a little small, has everything you could need. Medicine balls, rolly crap, mats, elastics.. it's all there.Now for the bad, and the reason I can't give this place 5 stars just yet:1. The friggin' junior high crowd. EVERY single time I am here a bunch of moronic junior high kids roll in, clog up the aisles, use equipment the wrong way, talk loudly and all hover around the benches causing a scene and being generally quite stupid.Someone at the YMCA needs to either explain to these kids how to work out or tell them to piss off. I don't care who it is, sort it out.2. The bros. So many guys come in there wearing collared shirts and ballcaps. NEWSFLASH: workout gear contains neither hats nor collars. You're doing it wrong and you look like an idiot. And if you're working out in jeans? Get off my planet.3. The busy-ness. Come here at the wrong time and you'll be hard pressed to find a bench or a spot on the floor to lift. It's only been a problem a few times for me, but that's a few times more often than I'd like. granted, you can't fault a place for being popular - but just know this can be a factor sometimes in the evenings or on Saturday mornings.4. The heat. At the downtown location, cool air seems to be pumped in much better. Here it can sometimes be sweltering. Come on guys, cool me down, I'm busting my chops trying to get fit over here, the least you can do is blow dry my delicious, chiseled body for me.5. The genuine lack of space to do kettlebell workouts or giant medicine ball workouts without feeling like you are kind of, sort of in somebody's way. I'm over it though. Work around me, gym rats. I've got a mission to accomplish.All in all though, this is a solid location. It's not quite better than the downtown one; but it's a really decent place to get fit.Speaking of which, I'm getting a bit doughy again. Too many weeks off. Sorry world, I'm headed back here on the double.
<review# 907,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2012,4/20/2012,67,339,3,4,3>Notable does lives up to the hype. It has been on my "to do list" for ages and we finally went as part of a monthly supper club with a group of friends.Here are the highlights:Lobster risotto. I shared a taster with my sweetie and I think at one point I stuck my elbows out and wrestled the dish away from him. I had to stifle the urge to lick the bowl.Double bacon wrapped swordfish with chick pea fries. SO good. Every detail was thought out on the plate and the chick pea fries were unlike anything else I've tastedWe also shared a salted caramel ice cream with chocolate torte-it was a special dessert they are offering right now. I am not a huge fan of chocolate or dessert but again, we battled each other for every bit. Another couple we were with had an issue with theirs in that she was counting the number of bites she had but he didn't, leading to an unfair consumption on his part. It was that good that it was worth fighting over :)Service was excellent too, timed nicely which you sometimes don't get on a busy night like Saturday.There were two things that stopped me from giving this 5 stars.  The first was that because we were a group of 8, when I made the reservation a couple of months ago I had to put down a $100 deposit in case we didn't show. It wasn't a hold or a credit card to secure the reservation-I basically had to pay it over the phone at the time of the reservation. What that meant was I got a $100 "gift card" to use towards the meal or anther visit. I get what they are trying to do but it is a bit clunky and I haven't encountered it at another restaurant before. I also had to ask for the gift card when our bill came, they hadn't brought it or applied it to the bill-it was like it was up to me to ask about it.The second thing is that the harvest table (the only table they have for a group of 8) is right beside a "fire exit" door. It lead to a hallway where there was obviously some kind of private room and a function going on. So there was an incredible amount of server traffic behind me. It kind of felt like I was in the hallway the whole time and every time they opened that door, you'd get this bright burst of light from the service hallway. It was kind of distracting and kind of surprised me that  the logistics of servicing the private room when you also have a full harvest table wasn't better thought out.  I'll be back-more likely as part of a smaller group though!Update:  I also didn't mention the automatic 18% which was really 19% tip on the bill as Crystal W pointed out. I know automatic tips are not unusual, but it seemed a bit high (we were a group of 8). We probably would have tipped that much anyway but it was a bit presumptuous and when you combine the auto tip, at that rate, over charge 1% and throw in the $100 deposit it makes me wonder if they want parties of more than  four to even come to the restaurant-its like we can't be trusted to show up and tip like good patrons.
<review# 908,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/9/2012,4/19/2012,5,42,5,7,3>Have you ever tried curling with a slider on each foot?  If so, you know how my car with summer/performance tires/rims would drive after a snowfall.  It once took me 10 minutes to get 2 blocks at which point I decided to turn around and just work from home.  A co-worker recommended this place to me as they have nice rims and are pretty reasonable too.  I dropped in to see what they were all about and Gary helped out immediately.  He showed me some rims and gave me a recommendation and quote and we were on our way to actually being able to drive the car during winter.  After e-mailing back and forth deciding on what rims I liked, we decided on a set.  I was warned that they might not clear the front callipers but wanted to give it a shot.  Unfortunately they didn't fit so I ordered a different set of rims.  These ones didn't fit either which was a little bit of a nuisance as you have to keep going back and waiting for them to try and fit them onto the car.  The third set finally fit though so I dropped off the car and waited for the change-over.  The wait was a little long at about 1 hour although can understand it takes awhile to get it done (just might want to bring some reading material or have someone pick you up to go for lunch or something).  When the work was done, the car was brought around, I paid (again quite reasonable at around $1500 for sweet rims and winter tires) and was on my way.  The difference was unreal and it felt like I was driving in the summer and not on a skating rink, almost like a James Bond car with spiked wheels.  The summer tires were wrapped up and loaded into my trunk and backseat which worked out well although one of the bags was a little dirty so made a mess of my back leather seats (recommend bringing a blanket to throw down over the seats).  Overall a pretty good experience for nice winter rims and tires and would recommend to anyone looking for winter tires.9/30
<review# 909,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2011,4/18/2012,266,478,4,6,3>Emmedia provides production services, equipment, and facilities to independent filmmakers, and artists. They even have thier own scholarships in place for emerging artists. I went here for a three day Final Cut Pro editing workshop. Kyle was a cool guy and took the time to go into great detail exploring the software according to the actual editing process. I took video production over 8 years ago and was quite surprised how little has changed in terms of basic editing and how much has changed in terms of editing tech. We had opportunities to play around with Final Cut Pro and even had some footage to work with. I brought some old betacam tapes that had some weird crap I shot in college and they were cool enough to let me edit clips from it. Even for a government subsidized organization, there is enough near-up to date things here worthy of pumping out pro-quality projects. Walking around the facilities, the video-production nerd in me was instantly resurrected (at least briefly).While they have affordable and low rates for non-commercial clients, they do have commercial rates. Also I'm not sure if they would also give priority to their artists, but because they're a non-for profit, it would make sense. I'm hoping to take their video production course this fall and can't wait to play around with their pro-camera that I couldn't never quite get the fancy technical name for (WHAT!? I took writing/directing/producing? All I cared for is that people listened to the sound of my voice)
<review# 910,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2012,4/17/2012,25,76,3,5,4>Short Rib to die for.! Let me just put that out there.This weekend's visit to Vintage was a redo of last month when we came for a birthday party and were thoroughly let down - by the service and not the food. So a rematch it was. This time we decided to dine in the tavern side versus the dining room side as a change of pace...and it was a Saturday night after all, so the atmosphere was a great fit. The tavern side is still quite elegant, professional and clean but adding to the atmosphere is the tall tables, cool bar and quiet TV's in the background.We were seated immediately to our reserved table by an enjoyable hostess who was a breeze of fresh air. Just as quickly was our waitress who came to deliver menus and take drink orders. Our server for the night was S-Geri Lynn who was an absolute delight. A perfect blend of laid back (but professional), cute and adorable (but not a ditz) and overall a joy to have serving us who also thanked us for being her table upon leaving.But back to the food. We all ordered beers (giant delicious Hoegaardens) and some mixed cocktails. Service was prompt and efficient. For appies we ordered the beef tartare and tuna tartare (obviously we had a raw food thing happening). Both were quite delicious and beautifully presented with crustinis and crackers to help eat them. The meat was very fresh and delicately matched to perfect sauces. For our mains we had a couple rounds of the braised short rib, one lamb shank, rib eye and tenderloin steak. The short ribs were to die for - no seriously, I felt I lost lives as I savored this dish for about an hour. It is so flavorful, ridiculously tender (why even give me a steak knife to cut it) and a generous serving. It was paired with creamed potatoes and broccollini (but who cares about sides when the meat is beyond delicious). The lamb shank was very comparable in taste and tenderness so an equally amazing choice. Steak is what this place does well, so the steaks were also very well received with a beautiful side of béarnaise sauce that nicely complemented the tenderloin. As a side for the table we chose the truffled mac and cheese. Now truffle isn't for everyone, but it is for me - so that said, this was a very unique version of mac and cheese as the truffle brings out a very different flavor - but it works. The corkscrew pasta is perfect for sopping up the creamy sauce and it has a perfect crunchy topping. This is a great mac and cheese to share (it's quite rich to eat on your own!).I wish I could comment on desserts, however the servings here are quite sizeable for a high end restaurant so we had to pass on desserts (both a complaint and a blessing). All the portions of meat were fairly large and being accompanied with sides made the meals very filling and enjoyable.I've been to Vintage three times now. The first was five years ago and the visit was great. The second was last month and the service was awful, so we had to do a quick redo based on an apology and request to return from the manager. The third visit this weekend was phenomenal. They couldn't have hit better notes - from the entrance, to the expedient service, to the amazing food, to the delightful and attentive server. I look forward to a redo of the redo?
<review# 911,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/28/2011,4/16/2012,88,230,2,4,4>This was my first Christmas in Calgary (the past years I've gone home), and I decided to celebrate the end of a super busy month at work by enjoying Christmas at home with my dog, relaxing. To add to that amazingness, I figured I would get Chinese food and bum around watching movies all day.I saw Home Food Inn had a big sign that said "OPEN CHRISTMAS" so that made my decision for me. I called ahead and placed an order for takeout. The lady on the phone was quick but polite, and they have one of those deals that if you order over a certain amount, you get free dumplings.This restaurant has a little fish pond with TURTLES IN IT. Like, a bunch of turtles. I think I stood there starting excitedly for about ten minutes. When I arrived there was nobody there to greet me so I just kind of awkwardly stood there until I saw other people paying at the bar, so I went there. A lady greeted me while taking a phone call, so she just kind of barked the total at me and that was it. Whatever, it was take out...not really a big deal.The food leaked all over the back of my car. So that was a bummer for me but a bonus for my dog.The food was decent. I really liked the chicken friend rice - it was pretty salt but I love that. The wonton soup was not so good - the broth was tasty but the wontons tasted super frozen and icky. I also had beef in mixed vegetables with oyster sauce - pretty okay. I ordered lemon chicken for my roommate who said it was mediocre.I mean, on Christmas day, I will take anything that's open, and it definitely wasn't bad, and they had turtles. I wouldn't go out of my way to go back, but if someone wanted to go, I'd go.
<review# 912,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2012,4/14/2012,138,614,2,3,3>I had a friend coming into town today from my hometown that I had not seen in almost 20 years. She was in town on a conference and with a bunch of people, asked me to come by Below Deck and have a drink. I am not one to drink in the afternoon normally but that all changed today!!!I had not been to Below Deck before but had seen it. I knew nothing about it. Arrived, went downstairs and immediately felt like I had been transported back to Nova Scotia! The place had that pubby feel, I never felt like I was in a "basement" and it was clean. Even the washrooms were really clean. It was not too busy but it got busier as the afternoon progressed. The space is large and had all kinds of seating.I really liked the menu. After 3 drinks I thought I should order some nibbly food and had the poutine. Being from Ottawa/Quebec border I know I good poutine and this really hit the mark. It was amazing! Not a big portion, but still decent enough to share. The service was impeccable. I met the nicest server named Trish and she really was on top of our somewhat large group but never rush-y or over the top, just perfect service.I am anxious to come back here and try something else off the menu. I am told the Donair is in fact the best thing on the menu a must try.I really relished the decor and just felt like I was transported back to another place. A "feel-good" kinda place. What did they put in that fireball shooter anyways? Oh ya, I guess that takes me to 4 drinks.A great day, I met some new friends, was able to catch up with my old one and most of all, I felt like a valued customer. Trish remembered my name and as I was on my way out shouted a loud, "Bye, Janna!!!!!" just like they would do on the East Coast.Below Deck is one of my new faves! Yelptastic!PS Thursdays are open Mic night.
<review# 913,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/28/2011,4/13/2012,61,55,2,6,2>I think, if I owned a coffee shop, that I would put electrical outlets every metre along the wall. Higher Ground could do with a few more. When the bar is full, there are only a few in the place. If you get in here early enough in the evening (or late enough...), you'll find a lovely place to sit and drink/munch your faves from behind the counter. I've been here a few times (my husband and I even wrote our vows here because we didn't have interwebs at either of our houses!) Anyway, pretty standard coffee shop - you won't be disappointed, but if you're just there on a regular night, you're not going to be carefully crafting a letter to the president about your experience. If you live nearby, definitely make it a regular occurrence.
<review# 914,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/28/2011,4/12/2012,54,95,,5,2>This was my first visit to Espy's and I have been so excited to go since many of my friends are major, major Espy fans. Espy's was having a Black Friday sale commencing at 7am that morning so up I got, bright and early with my coffee, bailey's and good pal, Espy's pro, Al! We were there before the store opened and just before the major crowds arrived!While I know one of the major selling features of this store is the customer service you receive, I'll have to go back on a non-mad-dash-to-shop day to experience this. My only comments are around the store and the products, since that's all I could really focus on this early in the morning.I loved the lines of clothes they carry and their prices are quite reasonable as well. I'd consider this store comparable to something you'd find on a trendy street in Vancouver! The store is very efficiently laid out and kept nice and clean. There is lots of parking near by and it's really easy to find!I can't wait to go back and experience what the staff are known best for: making people look good! Definitely worth checking out.
<review# 915,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/30/2011,4/11/2012,31,136,1,6,2>This is one of those kind of spots that make it good to be a nerd. If this place could somehow breed with The Sentry Box, I'm pretty sure the offspring would corner the market on nerdy goodness in Calgary for decades to come.This is the ultimate video game store, selection-wise. It has games not just from the current generation of systems, or even the one before... but basically going back to the beginning of the video game evolutionary ladder (except for maybe Atari and the previous ones. I don't recall seeing anything for them, but I could be wrong.)The prices are a bit steep, and the staff can range from super friendly and helpful to a bit "holier than thou" about their gaming knowledge.I wouldn't recommend going here to do game trade-ins, as they seem to kind of low-ball you, but if you're looking for a hard to find or out of date game, this is probably pretty much your only option.... and if you're just a gaming nerd and want to get a blast from the past, it's worth coming by just to look around.24/30
<review# 916,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2011,4/10/2012,13,45,3,2,4>The food here is delicious. The ambiance is comfortable and relaxed. I began my sojourn under the sea with an oyster that was quite small, Im sure that had I ever finished my degree in Oyster anthropology I would have known that the type I ordered was supposed to be small. He was jam packed with slimy goodness so his sacrifice was not in vain. I continued my purge of the sea with some frog legs, much like chicken wings but with a thigh and a calf muscle, followed closely by Manitoba Walleye on some mashed potatoes.All in all, my protein levels, omega 3 fatty acids and blood mercury content went through the roof....so did my visa bill.Big fish is highly recommended for service, food and ambiance....Warning that I paid 150 for 2 of us.
<review# 917,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2012,4/9/2012,50,124,4,12,5>In previous reviews and/or posts, I've mentioned that I haven't had great luck with 2 Weber BBQ's over the past few years.  Both were originally pride and joy models in my meat searing life... and then sadly both self destructed in fiery glory when their number was up.  Now, the first time this happened, I took the charred carcass in to a certain BBQ repair guy in town, who told me it would cost almost as much to fix as it would to buy a new one.  Then came the pitch:  "I can keep this one for parts, and get you a good deal on a new one.  Win/Win."  I fell for it.But then, I fell hard, and went for an even higher end model while I was at it.  More grill space.  Stainless.  Smoker box.  Infrared.  Manly  BTU's.  Lust.A couple of years later... it self-destructed too.  A complete meltdown of hoses, valves & knobs, with fire jetting out from underneath. Damn.  This model was expensive, and I didn't want to buy another.  Could it be restored?  I thought I'd at least give it a try... but  this time, it's going to be a NEW repair service.  Turns out it was a wise choice.  In reading up on reviews around Calgary, Brian at "The Barbecue Guy" was praised.  So he seemed an obvious choice. Not to mention, my grill is a beast, and I live outside of Calgary.  Getting it off my deck and into town would be a nightmare.  "The Barbecue Guy" offered onsite service and repairs, so as long as the price was right... perfect!  It was pretty painless.After his initial inspection, he stripped all the relevant parts and ordered new ones.  It took a while for the parts to arrive (during which time I grilled charcoal - don't weep for me), but ultimately he returned and rebuilt it.  And it ran like new.  Electric igniters, infrared, and all.  I noticed he even scraped out the crud in the base of the BBQ.  It turned out he had made up to four trips to my place total (a couple of times just dropping by to see if I was home to finish the job - I wasn't).  So I was pleasantly surprised at the pricing for "on site service" when the final invoice was paid.  Pretty reasonable, given I live 10 minutes outside of the city.In the end, I'm perfectly happy having this grill back in business and blazing it a couple of times a week.  This choice saved me a lot of $$$, which I'm sure I've since blown on meat, seafood, booze for grilling anyhow..
<review# 918,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2011,4/8/2012,59,52,1,4,4>I have a confession to make.  I LOVE MASSAGES!  I was on a mission to find a good massage place by my hood and I found it.  This massage therapy centre is rather small but I like it that way.  It gives a cozy feeling to it which I love.  The staff are nice and very professional.  Before the start of the massage, they inquire if there is a specific area that I would like them to focus on and afterwards they provide some tips on how to stretch to relax muscles etc.From checking out their website, other than massages they also have acupuncture and body talk.  I haven't tried these two services from them but the body talk sounds very interesting.
<review# 919,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2011,4/7/2012,86,132,,3,2>Rea's is an institution amongst the guys I work with.  They would eat there daily if they could.  I love when I get a chance to go with them because it's like visiting family.  Everyone who works there is family so you always see familiar faces (which I love).  We also like to take our entire family (including kids) occasionally for special occasions.Make sure when you go to get the "bullets" to eat with your rolls.  Roasted garlic and jalepenos make up the bullets and though you will stink to high heaven the next day...they're worth it.  My husband's favorite dish at Rea's is the pizza.  I lean more towards the carbonerra or the seafood pasta (can't remember the name).  We always get tiramisu for dessert.  Rea's is not super high end, cutting edge Italian.  It is, however, great service and great food.  BTW...make sure & make reservations when dining for lunch or dinner because they are often booked solid.
<review# 920,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2011,4/6/2012,95,304,,5,3>So like I've said before, I'm wary of things you buy on dealfind or groupon or what not when it comes to services. They usually have a catch like shipping is mandatory for $20, or you can get the basic massage for your coupon but if you want to good one it's $10 more, or you get a manicure , but if you want polish it's an extra $10, or they'll detail your car but if you have a hatchback (really not that much extra space to vacuum) it's $20 more, the list goes on. So when I bought the canvas prints from here, I expected it would be a similar thing, they would print on a canvas, roll it up with an elastic, and say if you wanted it framed it'd be $50 more. I did have an experience with another company that did that, and heard that's a common thing they get you on with these canvas prints. I even prepared myself and went to Micheal's to purchase the scroll bars required for stretching the canvases I purchased. First off, they give you a software to download and edit your print as desire, and it automatically sends to the print location. No fuss with going in, bringing in a data CD or USB, editing it in store, waiting in lines. None of it. Simple program to use, easy to get what you want, and quick. Really an amazing process they have for ordering from them. Not even two days later, they call and tell me my order is ready for pickup. Another pleasant surprise - they are open SUPER late. Like 9pm or 10pm. So very convenient when you work during the day. The center is tidy, well lit, ample parking, and staffed well. I could tell when I got in that if I weren't to use the online tool, it would still be a quick and efficient to get my printing and copying needs done here. I was helped immediately, and here was the most pleasant surprise - they had wrapped the canvases already for me. I couldn't even believe it. They looked great, they were professionally wrapped over the bars as well as wrapped in packing paper for safe transport. This is one of the few to maybe the only pleasant surprise I've used using the deal coupons on any sort of product, usually they try and ding you for all the extras, or half-@ss their product since it's coming with a coupon, but not here. The price at full price isn't bad either, so now that I have the software on my computer I will definitely be ordering from them again.
<review# 921,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2011,4/5/2012,25,88,1,13,6>Health care doesn't get much better than this in Canada. A doctor must make the referral to the center. Then you will fill out a application sent by the center. Later you get accepted and meet with your team. This whole process can take more than a year or two for some people or in some cases less than six months. I was lucky and got in without waiting the usual over a year but then I'm sick as well as in pain. The center offers free classes on all types of important skills for pain management. They have doctors, nutritionists, psychologists, physiotherapists and even social workers on staff to help with your situation. Each patient has a team tailored to what they need to function better in life and if they needs change then the team will too. They have comfortable couches and chairs to sit in and waiting times are very short. Most people graduate and phase out of the program around six months but it's not a set time frame. I've been there over a year and closer to two and I'm just graduating now. They make sure that you have everything you need to move on with your life and manage pain on your own first.While they work hard to help you the program is free and comprehensive so effort is expected on your part. You have to show up for appointments and do the programs they offer that will best benefit you. There are many people waiting on the list to get in here and if you are not taking it seriously then you are wasting the space for someone that will. The chronic pain center is Alberta health care at its best in a province that needs to do so much better. We need more programs as amazing as this with more money to fund them. I can't thank the people at the center enough for helping me to manage my pain better. They deserve more recognition.
<review# 922,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2011,4/4/2012,89,72,,5,2>Delicious! I very rarely eat Thai food. After the experience that I had at this restaurant I'll definitely return again soon!For some strange reason I've always associated the word, "bistro" with, "expensive". Probably because I work near a bistro that serves fairly fancy food at a high price tag. For those of you like me that didn't know the definition of bistro, it is a small restaurant.Thai Bistro is that. A small restaurant tucked into the lower level of a building on Centre Street which serves very tasty ethnic cuisine at a low price tag.I ordered a noodle dish called Pad Woon Sen. The dish had lots of fresh vegetables like peas, cauliflower, corn and peppers mixed with egg over some vermicelli noodles.The noodles were quite glossy and had a wonderful texture, not at all soggy! The sauce was flavorful but did not overpower the flavors of the combined ingredients! That being said I added heaps of hot sauce provided to the table which had a fantastic garlic flavor and aroma!It should be noted that I went to this venue because of a UYE (Unofficial Yelp Event) which seated approximately 12 Yelpers. I arrived an hour after the event started and was served immediately. My food arrived at the table very quickly after ordering. A few other Yelpers arrived around the same time as me and were served just as quickly. There were other occupied tables that ordered and they had food on their table shortly after. I asked our very friendly server how many kitchen staff they had. Just two! Feeling very positive about the service, the food and the overall impression of this venue.When it came time to pay the server offered to split the bill without being asked to do so. I was surprised that there was no added gratuity given the size of the group. I tipped handsomely.In discussing our meals as a group I realized that every dish served here is unique in look, ingredients and flavor. Big plus points for a reason to return again and try something new!Thank you Thai Bistro for the wonderful experience (and thanks again for not having any distracting televisions)! A great place to keep company and let the days events roll off your back while enjoying a truly excellent meal. Like traveling to another country for an hour or so!
<review# 923,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2011,4/3/2012,6,33,,12,2>We all know it's hard to find a decent hairstylist in a decent salon. After having shopping around for a steady stylist (which included stylists at Eveline Charles, Hennessey and Edges), I trusted one for 3 years at Edges (Crowfoot location). As much as I have trusted and enjoyed my stylist at Edges, I didn't think the salon's service (esp the reception) was worth the drive (30min or more). I looked up a bunch of online reviews and decided to try out Red Bloom. I am happy to report: Red Bloom lives up to its online reviews.Red Bloom's Downtown location is modern, chic, friendly and offers a lot for your $ in comparison to the above-mentioned salons. The reception is warm, pretty and inviting (you are offered a beverage upon arrival). The styling area is open and well lit. I had an intermediate stylist (prices start at 45$ and up): She attentively listened to me and asked for feedback before cutting/ styling my hair. I was beyond pleased with my wash/ cut. My service ended with a complimentary make-up touch-up (powder, bronzer, lip gloss- all Aveda products). I was offered different Aveda hair products to try/ buy, but by no means did I feel pressured to buy. I have found my new salon close to my home.
<review# 924,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/28/2011,4/2/2012,92,68,2,3,2>It used to be known as Money Pennies and it's a great little gay pub!  I first went there for a friend's birthday 4 years ago for a name that tune night.  It was so much fun that I went back and celebrated my 34th birthday there playing name that tune.  I met so many wonderful friendly people and felt completely welcome there despite being a straight group hanging out in a gay bar.  My group won name that tune that night!  We got a gift certificate for another night there.  Now, it's known as Fab Bar and it's still a great little gay pub.  The food is typical pub food, but what draws me there is how welcoming the staff is as well as the owner Jason.  Drinks are a decent price and there is a juke box often playing if it's not a karaoke night or has something else going on.  The prices are cheap at about $10 to $15 per meal.  Another perk is that it's child friendly until 9 pm.  So for pride this year we took the kids and celebrated(with food and not bevies) after in a gay pub with our friends and our kids!  They are always accommodating with the kids and the kids love the pub fare.  I go there from time to time with a good friend and always enjoy myself and the clientele there.
<review# 925,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2011,4/1/2012,8,45,2,2,3>Let's talk beer, they have Draft Wild Rose Cherry Porter, I would have moved away from Western Canada already if it weren't for Wild Roses Cherry Porter. Needless to say they got me off on the right foot. Had the Half Chicken and Poutine. I thought to myself (having recently come back from Montreal) 'Why am I having the Poutine?'...I very quickly forgot about Montreal, this is the best Poutine I have ever had. I have deleted the words I tried to type about the poutine several times because they did not suffice. The Half Chicken was so moist and tender, the skin was delicate and crispy, and it came on a wood cutting board with a cool knife stabbed into the board. Simple things make me happy.I had a great time at Charcut, and open late. See a show at the Epcor Centre and then go have something at Charcut or go to Charcut and then go to a show at the Epcor Centre, seems like a perfect evening to me.
<review# 926,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2011,3/31/2012,55,116,3,9,5>The beer it's all about the beer! Wild rose is truly a business that has risen from the ground up.It's a beer fairy tale, a living breathing fairy tale that not only inspires me with their unique business model but puts real pride and love into their products. It taste amazing! I have been a fan of wild rose since I first tried their beer. Velvet fog is truly one of my all time favs! But pretty much all across the product line each beer that they brew will certainly satisfy beer lovers anywhere! From the Alberta crude to their very popular Wraspberry they keep it pretty tight and don't get carried away with to many flavours. The tight product line is one of the more solid on the craft beer market. They don't make no junk at wild rose! In the summer I had the pleasure of taking the brewery tour and enjoyed a very nice dinner after! The food overall was quite tasty and fairly priced, but let's be honest as nice as it is to have a decent restaurant inside the brewery I don't come here for the food, I come for the ultra fresh brew! If you love beer or even just learning about new things I highly reccomend coming for the tour. It's a quite homey operation that takes its self seriously where it counts ( the beer) but is otherwise extremly relaxed and laid back which I personally love! One final thing to say about wild rose, the beer is potent it will go to your head a little faster than most! And according to the guy who gave the tour it's not a higher alcohol content than average it's because they don't use preservatives so it actually absorbs much faster. Just so you know 2 pints of wild rose is like 3 pints of standard swill ( aka Molson or bud) really good bang for your buck! Come and enjoy!9/30
<review# 927,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2011,3/30/2012,165,224,4,11,5>The real reason I went here was because a little bird told me they have 'Kothu Roti'. If you dont know what it is, go and try it. If you do know what it is, yes, Canada Dosa Corner has it!!This place is perhaps best known for its Dosas, but like I said, I had an ulterior motive. After my terrified realization some months back that there were no Sri Lankan restaurant in Calgary that serves 'Kothu Roti', I was quite ready to write off this delicacy as a chapter in my life that would stay buried in my past (read: Montreal) forever. But then I heard of Canada Dosa Corner, and heard it was Sri Lankan... With fire in my eyes and rumbling in my belly, I jumped on my computer to see their menu, and lo and behold! They had my beloved 'Kothu Roti' listed under their 'Specialities'! And 4 different kinds at that!!! Can you imagine my joy?!So off I went last night! It was a small, modest establishment just off International Avenue. As we sat down, we knew exactly what we wanted. We opted for the Chicken Kothu Roti, the Chilli Chicken (another fond favourite - but for those of you not good with spices, stay FAR away) and the Goat Dosa. We figured we might as well try the Dosa since it was what the restaurant was known for. The Kothu Roti came first. We dug in. It was a bit different from what I had before, but it was DELICIOUS nonetheless! Kothu Roti is a Sri Lankan dish made from chopped pieces of bread, vegetables, meat and egg and flavoured with mouth-watering spices. One bowl (they served it in a bowl) was enough to feed two people. Then came our goat Dosa. The Dosa was perfectly made, and the goat curry it was stuffed with was once again, delicious. The Dosa was served with 3 different dipping sauces. Once again, a huge portion that would leave one person sufficiently stuffed. Then came the Chilli Chicken with a bowl of steamed rice. Goodness, they dont mess around with their chilli! This dish was SPICY! The sauce almost had an Asian taste to it. I might say this was my least favourite dish of the three, but was still REALLY tasty! When we were nearing the end of our meal, Mary - the owner - started telling us the story of her life and how she got to Canada Dosa Corner from Sri Lanka. I won't divulge any details, but let me tell you - that is one heck of a heart-wrenching story. All in all, the food here is amazing. The price is reasonable. The owner is friendly. And to top it all off, they serve AMAZING Kothu Roti. If I still have not convinced you to go try it, I should probably just stop writing reviews altogether.
<review# 928,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2012,3/29/2012,98,157,6,7,7>Five stars, Dan? Really?You do realize that you're reviewing Sushi Ichiban, right?-Yes, yes I do realize that. And I stand behind it.I know when someone sees a five star review from me they may think "Oh, that idiot must think this is the best restaurant in the city," but I have reiterated time and time again that my ratings are based on an establishment's ability to live up to their potential, their customers' expectations and their success within their category.In this regard, I believe Sushi Ichiban fires on all cylinders.Is this the best sushi in the city? Of course not. But it is definitely good, and for all-you-can-eat? The price is definitely right.That being said, I do not think I will get AYCE sushi here very much anymore.Dan, you do realize that you're reviewing SUSHI Ichiban, right?-Yes, yes I do.Did you have a bad experience?-No, like I said the sushi is definitely good.Then why would you no longer order all-you-can-eat sushi?BECAUSE THEY HAVE ALL-YOU-CAN-EAT SHABU-SHABU!The hot pots are by FAR my favourite thing to get at Sushi Ichiban.At $19 for all-you-can-eat veggies, noodles and thinly sliced beef, I would go out on a limb to say this is one of the best bangs for you buck in the city.And the best thing about it? Because it is simply beef and veggies that you poach in broth at your own table, this is probably one of the healthiest AYCE meals you can experience. You will not feel that gross sickness easily encountered at a Chinese food buffet where you gorge yourself on a variety of fried foods and thickly sweet sauces.The interior of the restaurant is comfortable and the staff is ever friendly and helpful (except for those times where they question and charge you for the leftover items from your all-you-can-eat sushi binge. I have seen SOME people -no names- actually go to lengths to sneak the leftovers in their pants and flush them down the toilet to avoid the extra charge for wasted sushi).All in all, Sushi Ichiban is a great place and I love the hot pots so much that I will be back as long as they have it on the menu.
<review# 929,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2011,3/28/2012,29,51,2,10,2>Ooh là là!  As of today, we have a little slice of Paris and Italy in lower Mount Royal, folks. My best friend learned about the 17th Avenue Crepes & Cravings location at this year's Lilac Festival. They were supposed to have their grand opening on June 11, but due to challenges with construction, they officially opened their doors today.What a treat. What a find. We started with a savoury crêpe. My friend had the Chicken Caesar crêpe, while I ordered the Bistro Roast Beef crêpe. Preparing the crêpe is a fine art, which requires quite a bit of skill. It was fun watching how they are made. The ingredients are fresh and the size portions are excellent.After walking off our meal, we returned for dessert. Sweet crêpe or gelato? That was the question. I opted for gelato, especially after hearing how everything is made on-site. Normally, I order "limone" gelato (lemon) whenever I try a new place. It's how I test how good a place is.Their version of limone gelato is the Italian Lemon Wafer, which was made within the past 48 hours. Ooh, with the first spoonful, my senses were whisked back to Italy where I ate three gelato a day (mostly lemon). Folks, we have a winner. It had the same texture as the gelato in Italy - creamy but not too much so. The contrasting flavours of sweet versus tart were as finely balanced as the melodic lines in Vivaldi's "Four Seasons". Delcioso!The big Grand Opening is slated to take place on Saturday, July 2. If tonight's any indication (food and state of busy-ness), this place is going to be THE place to go for savoury crêpes,  dessert crêpes, ice cream and gelato.Now, if only they'd offer crêpes for dogs, Maestro would be happy.[July 10/11 update: Chocolate Banana Strawberry crêpe is pretty tasty! Chocolate sauce isn't too sweet. Whipped cream is very creamy.]
<review# 930,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2012,3/27/2012,11,54,,5,3>I just got home after eating some of the best cabbage rolls I have ever had. Honestly, they were as good as my Czech grandmother used to make when i was a boy. The chicken schnitzel was so moist and so full of flavor. The owners of Jonas really offer some great service and atmosphere that make you feel like you are in Budapest at  a  homey Hungarian Dining Room that offers the best food they can, and they go out of their way to make sure that you are enjoying everything that is under their control.
<review# 931,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2012,3/26/2012,43,100,2,5,3>I wasn't able to try out any of the beers during my first visit to Fergus & Bix, but I sure loaded up on the food. They offer a pretty decent modern American menu with all the standard kinds of dishes you would find at your local Joey's or Milestones. The great thing about places like these is that there's usually something on the menu for everyone. However, the menu wasn't new and exciting. Luckily, I knew what I was craving, and they had it on the menu: steak and mashed potatoes.The steak came with a side of carrots and green beans (boring) as well as a delicious side of mashed potatoes - I wish they gave me more. My friend ordered a bunch of wontons and an ahi tuna appetizer. She seemed to love them, and I was thoroughly satisfied with my steak and sides.I think what really made the night were two things: the chocolate cake with the most amazing white chocolate raspberry ice cream, and the elevator. Yes. Fergus & Bix has an elevator. It takes you upstairs to the washroom, and down to the parkade. if you're looking for a nicer place to hang out and have a beer, this is a great place to do it.Just a tip: I ended up parking on the street because I totally missed the parkade entrance. I was looking for an unsightly concrete structure, but the parking is actually underground.
<review# 932,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/12/2012,3/25/2012,49,101,5,7,5>Bookers seems to be a great place for birthdays and a quick bite before a movie at Eau Claire.The beauty of Bookers is, there is something for everyone.  I had some non seafood lovers with me on Saturday and some big fans, and everyone left happy and full.I avoided Bookers for about 2 years because of its location and look.  But I was stupid.  Stupid Meggy and your stupid judging a Bookers by its cover.  When you walk in, it's actually quite lovely looking.  Servers are dressed nicely, nice bar, and wonderful high bar stools and bar tables with a very industrial style ceiling.  Almost like a chic warehouse.There is pretty good parking around the area, and usually free after 6 and on weekends. Tom was a great help in booking the 10 person dinner and returned my call promptly and pleasantly.  I have been to Bookers a few times now, this time the beans weren't AS good as they normally are, and the mashed potatoes are kind of plain (no skin on, not sure if they're garlic mashed or not).  But the Crabs legs 1/2 pound to start were to die for.  We have been here before when they've given us all claws, but this time we GOTZ SOME LEGZ!My brother is still talking about the brisket and, I quote, "When can we eat brisket again".  And the answer, hopefully, is soon.  The brisket and honey maple sauce is super delicious.  Tender like you wouldn't believe.  My mom had the salmon which she also said was delicious.  Everyone seemed really happy with their meal.  Service wasn't VA VA VOOM but was decent enough, whenever I see an auto-grat of 18% I usually expect VA VA VOOM, but what can ya do.The Big Taste Menu is on now for 25$ for a limited time only.  Those who ordered it enjoyed a Crab Cake Atlantic Rick crab meat, roasted red pepper aioli,Course 2: 1/4 rack of our smokehouse St Louis ribs, 5 oz of our house smoked brisket, garlic mashed potato, maple chipotle corn on the cob AND Course 3:Raspberry Lime Cheesecake (Which they were out of so substituted with a brownie sundae)If you find yourself hungry with a hankerin' for bbq or crab, head on down to BOOKERS, you won't regret it
<review# 933,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2011,3/24/2012,13,27,7,8,6>Hands down best tacos in the city!Fresh homemade tortillas blanketing your choice of beef, chicken, pork, shrimp or tongue at $3 a piece!  I will take 6 thank you!  The shrimp was my favorite but the other options are no slouches either.Take style place and home to the most authentic tasting tacos I have had in a while!Loves it!
<review# 934,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2012,3/23/2012,310,796,3,4,4>Being a remnant from the 70's , I am quick to notice a 1970s motorhome parked in the middle of downtown Calgary.  Espcially one that dons the word BBQ on it.Forging traffic with my Angelina Jolie moves I make it to the truck and to the front of the line.  Waiting time for these foodtrucks are usually 20 minutes and people will walk away simply because the lines are too long so imagine my joy at ordering two pulled pork subs, and having a choice of garlic and jalapeno fries.$20 bucks later, which i think is very reasonable...  I was able to bite down on my 3 inches wide pulled pork sandwich which was soo amazing!  The pickled onions were incredible and the sauce still resonates in my mind!I have eaten at foodie trucks at other larger cities so I am soo happy to see Calgary follow on the same path.You have a choice of different sets of ribs and there is even a two person combo that comes with coleslaw and enough pulled pork to satisfy any alberta boys tummy.So heres to Jojo's hope I stumble upon you again.bbqcalgary.com  to find where they are daily
<review# 935,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2012,3/22/2012,12,55,3,3,3>Love COBS bread! You gotta try their Turkish Bread, Capeseed, Rye, Country Grain, Chia.... okay try it all!  Everything is made fresh each day from scratch (I know this because my husband is a baker).  Chocolate scones are a favourite of ours too!  Prices are decent, as you are getting a quality product without preservatives.  Totally worth it!
<review# 936,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2012,3/21/2012,115,261,2,5,5>I adore Ming!!! Back in my hay days I would go to Ming for all my first dates. It's fun, interesting, and has a really cozy intimate feel to it. It's small so sometimes it's hard to find a table, but I love the ambience and the obscure movies they're always playing on the TV's. The servers are always really friendly, the menu is cool (drinks named after communists...love it), and the food is wonderful. GET THE GINGER BEEF, you will not be disappointed! I also love how they serve a Colt 45 in a paper bag, I would never get it but I think it's hilarious. The last time my boyfriend and I went late-night and we had a really cute table by the fireplace, super romantic. Ming is awesome!
<review# 937,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2011,3/20/2012,40,81,6,5,1>Are you one of those people that keeps your alcohol consumption in check, doesn't see the need for a pricey drug habit or a daily packet of cigarettes, and manages to avoid the 3pm rush to the vending machine?  If so, good for you.  Your vice-less lifestyle means you'll outlive me, but you're probably also uber boring.  However, I doubt that you'll be able to resist my favorite treat at Rise - "Crack Bun".I think they call it "Sticky Bun" but when I went up to the counter and asked for "Crack Bun", the girl KNEW what I was talking about.  She gave me the look that one Crack Bun addict gives another.I had a friend with me and he was skeptical of my description on the foodgasmic nature of Crack Bun.  However, after the first bite his eyes glazed over and I knew he was hooked.  I'm not sure if it's the softness of the bun, the obscenely sticky nature of the  cinnamon and sugar itself, or the liberal use of butter that makes this treat so redonkulously good.  Evaluating exactly what makes Crack Bun so obscene is practically impossible while eating it.  Most times I'm just trying to prevent my eyes from rolling around inappropriately in a public space.Is Crack Bun the gateway bun to other delights at Rise?  Maybe.  I'm told they even have coffee and sandwiches and other baked goods.  But, I  don't think you'll even cares about anything else that they serve there when you're tripping on CB.  Don't say I didn't warn you.
<review# 938,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2011,3/19/2012,41,30,2,4,3>I've been wanting to get out to Without Papers for a long time now, and finally made it there last night.  My initial reaction was "Wow!"  When I left, I thought "Wow!"Without Papers (or "WOP") occupies the upper floor of a unit along 9 Avenue SE in Calgary's historic Inglewood neighbourhood, just east of the Hose and Hound, and west of the Ironwood Cafe.  Being a pizzaria on the upper floor, it is rather warm.  This is particularly noticeable when the weather outside is cool, as it has been lately.  It also makes it quite enjoyable to go back downstairs afterwards into the nice, cool air.The restaurant itself is an open concept, including the kitchen.  I was dining alone, so chose to sit at the bar where I could watch all the action in the kitchen.  Bar-style seating is also available around the stair well, while group seating is available around the perimeter of the room.  The music is not so loud that you would have to shout at your friends, colleagues, or family.  One very nice touch is the absence of televisions!  Instead, old black-and-white films are projected onto each of two large walls, above the heads of dining patrons.  (I got the impression, though, that Flames games are shown when televised.  I'm not surprised at this, but it is a bit of a turn-off for me personally.)The menu is rather simple, with some very tasty options available.  I opted for the Hutch, which is a variety of spicy Italian sausage, and enjoyed every single bite.  As I was eating and watching the kitchen action, I got a few laughs as the pie maker punched some holes in the dough.  I also learned a bit about making a good pizza dough.Overall I am very impressed with this place.  Friendly, prompt service, friendly (and attractive) kitchen staff, and delicious food make for a great experience.  No TV, appropriate music levels, and a nice, comfortable atmosphere makes it a fantastic experience.  Nice work, guys!
<review# 939,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/1/2011,3/18/2012,28,44,2,4,2>I remember hearing about this place, and immediately calling my Dutch friend. "Is this place pretty good?" I'd asked. "How have you not been there? It's awesome!" was his reply.So, on his recommendation and waking up one morning craving pancakes, we decided to go try it out. There was a bit of a lineup at the door, but it wasn't outside. There ended up being just a couple tables ahead of us. I guess we timed it just right, cause I've heard the lineups can get pretty bad there.I had a blueberry pannenkoek with whipped cream, and there was no way I could get through it! It was HUGE - easily the size of a dinner plate, and was covered with a blueberry sauce and three massive dollops of whipping cream. I definitely had leftovers, and they were still quite tasty even the next day.It is so worth a bit of a wait - come hungry!
<review# 940,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2012,3/17/2012,85,210,,5,1>Home Tasting Room was a great experience. We headed over on a Friday night. Our reservation was at 6, I was running about a half hour late, but luckily it didn't get too busy until later so there was no problem. We decided in advance to sit at the bar, which ended up being a great choice. We really enjoyed watching them make the dishes (the cheese plate is very popular!)We ordered a variety of dishes to share between the two of us. The ricotta & herb gnocchi was a no-brainer, we both love hummus so we dared try this one, which had horseradish in it as well, and we went for the beet salad, which seems to be a favourite for us lately.They also started us off with a little taster - it had a pink apple on it, which was really neat. The wine was also great, although a little pricier than I'd usually go for.Since the food was phenomenal, we knew we had to try dessert - we went for the chocolate peanut butter bar with marshmallow nougat. I wanted to lick the plate, it was that good.I wavered between a 4 and 5 star for this restaurant, because it's a little on the high end for what I'd usually pay. But having started out the evening knowing it would be a pricier meal, and having enjoyed every bite, as well as the amazing service from the staff, I went with 5.Oh, and the best part? My sister and I had been taking pictures and posting them to our respective social media channels all evening. As we got up to leave, the chef... no, wait... executive chef (!), called out "Nice pictures!" :)
<review# 941,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2012,3/16/2012,141,125,,3,2>I liked this buffet. I first tried this place, because I was looking for an all you can eat prime rib buffet that was in town and reasonably priced. Their aren't many around, so when I Googled one Graze came up on one of the searches.grazegrill.comIt has pretty much eveything you would expect at a buffet, and nothing more. they have a salad bar, two different types of soups, they switch up the flavours. Roasted potatoes, stroganoff, chicken dish, rice pilaf, or rice with vegetables, and the main roast beef carving station. The guy carving the roast beef, isn't stingy neither. I get that it's all you can it, but he'll cut you a thick piece right off the bat if you ask. They have all the trimmings beside the primerib as well, Au jus, horseradish, fried mushrooms, yorkshire pudding, etc. and when your done all that they have a dessert table with pies, cakes, and fresh fruit. All for around $21.00 per person. Kids under 7 eat a little cheaper.I heard that Graze will be closing by the end of August. If anyone has purchased a Groupon for the buffet, they should use them now !!They're getting rid of the All you can eat prime rib buffet :-(To be replaced by another sit down restaurant with menu service.
<review# 942,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2011,3/14/2012,62,58,3,5,2>I've been to CRAFT a bunch of times now and I personally love it. It's got an upscale pub vibe with an amazing beer selection. Even when the place is packed, the extreme ceiling height doesn't make it feel like it's crowded. I've only been there for lunch or drinks, so I haven't tried a ton of the food. Although I have tried the Baja fish tacos and they were amazing. I wish that I could buy the CRAFT signature hot sauce. At some point I'm going to have to try the 20 napkin burger, which is actually four 4oz patties topped with bacon and beer infused cheese. It sounds epic (read: giant). It even has a mini burger as a garnish..I'm also interested to try the Crave seasonal beer infused cupcake for dessert. I have no idea what this would taste like, but it sounds interesting.Here's the full menu: craftbeermarket.ca/our-fThey also have a beer club that I can't tell you about... It's the first rule of beer club.craftbeermarket.ca/beer-
<review# 943,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2012,3/13/2012,16,26,,6,3>Home made meatball alert! So I heard about this place on Groupon and just went there for the first time tonight. Apparently they've been open for about five weeks now. It was quiet, which will probably change soon based on how many groupons have been bought already. Hungry baby is small and cozy and best of all 'reasonably priced on 17th'. My hubby and I had the antipasti and red pepper hummus appeys...the antipasti was great, a nice salty olive tapenade with fig jelly, genoa salami and pita chips. I ate the whole thing. My hubby's hummus was nice too, not too garlicy but still had plently of flavor and nice texture.For our mains we had the spaghetti and meatballs and puttanesca and spaghetti. I asked the server if the spaghetti was homemade...alas no it was not. I have this big fantasy about eating homemade pasta at a restaurant in Calgary, and it never happens...but you can't blame me for hoping! The menu is quite small so I thought, hey maybe they make it themselves. The meatballs were perfect though....For dessert we had a slice of (costco?) apple pie with REAL whipped cream on top and a chocolate mousse with a bit of orange zest, and orange syrup at the bottom. The mousse is in house made and very nice. Drink prices were reasonable and the atmosphere was great. We were joking around with our server and the owner and had a great time. They seem like nice people. I would definitely go back.
<review# 944,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2012,3/12/2012,40,98,4,11,5>This is a recently opened sushi place (3 weeks now) down south. Waaaayyy down south near 162nd. A group of 4 of us went, and although it was busy, we were seated promptly. As soon as we actually stepped inside we were greeted by all the staff shouting hello to us in Japanese. They have the standard sushi menu, but focus a little more on presentation. A friend of mine ordered the Female Dragon roll, and they shaped the sushi and the sauce into an actual dragon. The sushi was fresh and as I mentioned presented well. The only difference between it and other sushi places - especially those downtown - is the price. It is significantly cheaper. I only left $20 lighter than when I came, versus the typical $35 plus I spend in all the other sushi places I frequent. My friends and I all agreed we had the best service ever, in fact one friend told the owner - who intorduced himself as Henry - how good it was, because she was that impressed. Continuing about the owner, he was very involved with serving, and chatted to everyone that came in. He also came around with boxes of Pocky sticks to hand to all the clients. He seemed to even know some clients by name. Our server was at our table pouring out tea for us every time he saw it was getting empty - I can't say I've ever had that done at a restaurant for me.I think based on everything, I would go to this place again every once in a while, because it really is a cut above the ones downtown as far as service, and price. Also, it makes sense that the sushi tasted so good, the people from Li-Ao come from Kinjo sushi.
<review# 945,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2012,3/11/2012,48,224,3,7,3>Major hipster hangout, but their fabulous beers make it okay to be seen there.I absolutely love their pizzas and talking to the bartenders to see what new craft beers they are carrying.No one could hate the cute vintage house charm, and the homey-ness that comes with it.
<review# 946,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2012,3/8/2012,3,105,4,3,2>Excellent!We waited a long time before finally going to the Belvedere Restaurant as it is a more higher price range and our last experience with Belgo, which is also higher prized, was quite negative.Not so here: we went here for lunch where they offer a special menu including a $25 three-course-meal which I chose. My company ordered fish.The atmosphere here is fantastic. You are sitting in an old building which still has its inside charm preserved as the original structure is only slightly covered and the stone walls as well as the roof supporting structure is well preserved. Both dishes were delicious and the three-course-meal is of a good size not to stuff you too much but enough so you don't leave hungry. The service was without a flaw: the server was very helpful explaining the different meals and we never run out of drinks or bread, which accompanied our meal.As the price range is a bit higher this will not be the place to go every day but it will be top on our list for places to go for special occasions. Thank you for this experience!
<review# 947,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2012,3/7/2012,15,47,1,2,1>Came here at 7pm on a Friday and had a few drinks before a show at Theatre Junction. They had a reggae artist playing a few live tunes which I really appreciated! (canned music is terrible) Service was slow but the place was packed so that's forgivable. I asked for the house white and was served Villa Maria Sauv Blanc and can say it's my new go-to. It's vibrant and citrusy, definitely reccomend it with any of the sushi dishes here.After the theatre crowd leaves, this place turns into a total bro club with vapid girls on stilts passing out in the hallway and smokers littering the front walk with butts. Not exactly my idea of fun, but if that's your thing then have at 'er. Overall it's a great, well designed establishment but the crowd after dinner completely changes the dynamic.
<review# 948,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2012,3/6/2012,28,35,1,6,4>I stumbled upon Petite Saigon in Airdrie whilst antiquing at the nearby Where On Earth... Did You Get That? antique mall (the two establishments share a parking lot). After hours of poking through dusty books and bone china, I wandered over to Petite Saigon for dinner. The menu offers a wide and mouthwatering selection with all the staple favourites. A daily special offers approximately $2 off regular prices and, as with many Vietnamese restaurants, the portion sizes were nothing to sneeze at.My table ordered a number of diverse items, from salad rolls to wor-wonton soup, to the quintessential fried egg and grilled pork chops on vermicelli. Having had the opportunity to sample a little of everything my family ordered, I found it all delicious. Expertly and timely cooked and delivered, the pork chops were succulent and beautifully-seasoned; the soup rich, with a tasty broth that was neither too salty nor not salty enough. And any Vietnamese meal is, in my mind, somewhat incomplete without a steaming cup of Vietnamese coffee with condensed milk - which was perfect.The decor was homey and oddly-mixed, featuring Asian-inspired art alongside taxidermy animal heads - I assumed an homage to the Alberta landscape. Multiple fish tanks lined the back walls hosting an array creatures large and small. The service was friendly and prompt.I was surprised when I checked in that no one had ever reviewed Petite Saigon before and I'm happy to provide it's first glowing review. Simply put, Petite Saigon offered delicious food at a reasonable price that I would be happy to indulge in again.
<review# 949,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2012,3/5/2012,69,229,3,4,3>Who doesn't love bunch? Everyone does I'm sure and everyone should go check out OEB (Over Easy Breakfast) on Edmonton Trail. For anyone who's lived in Calgary a long time, this is where the old Country Kitchen used to be. It's a tiny, obscure place and totally kick-ass. First of all, take note that OEB doesn't take reservations. But hey, no worries. You can wait outside and the lovely staff will offer you a cup of hot coffee and even a slice of banana bread. Ok, how come more places don't give me coffee & banana bread while I wait in line? (suggestion for Walmart perhaps??) This certainly makes the wait much more enjoyable. There was a table ready for our group which was supposed to be 9 but since there were only 2 of us here this Sunday morning, we waited for more of our group to show up. The staff here is so accommodating. They really deserve 5 stars for all their effort and for the friendly service. When's the last time your waitress actually said she hopes you enjoy your day and meant it? Once our group arrived, we were seated and offered beverages.Inside, the decor is bright, but not blind-my-eyes-bright. The ceiling is a giant chalk board with all kinds of cool sayings on it. Yes, go ahead a look up. They have this high bar table that's long and has bar stools around it. They often seat larger groups there (not us today). They have little hooks under the table that the gals (or guys) can hang their purse on. What a great idea! I love the hanging lights over the high bar that have little holes poked in them that spell out the words over easy breakfast. Very cool. There's a warm feeling inside OEB with some good energy all around.Time to order! Too many choices but I did pick just one: eggs benedict with organic spinach, comes with fresh fruit and their seasoned potatoes. Our meal came out pretty quick. No more growling tummies. Everything looked so good. You could tell that these were farm fresh eggs from the color of the yolk. And they came out just perfect, runny enough for me. The hollandaise sauce was fantastic. The English muffins underneath were a bit tough and it took a little extra effort to cut them but still, very very tasty. I love brunch and OEB has such an extensive menu, I sure want to come back and sample some more. And next time, I'm going to have a cappuccino because Crystal said it was one of the best she's had. The prices aren't cheap but the food here is so fresh & tasty and the staff is super-duper. It really is worth a visit.
<review# 950,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2012,3/4/2012,52,76,5,3,3>What's not to like about a place where all the patrons inside think I am the owner of Habitat. Every few minutes I get a tap on the shoulder or a girl looking at me with a seductive smile only to be disappointed when she looks up at the stage and sees my exact double spinning on the ones and twos. We came to Habitat last night for Sabz birthday and it was my second time back there in one night (technically inside only once) and Angelo's third time back inside there hahaha. Three times is the lucky number of tries right?The place was fairly busy with people plastered out of their minds doing the hoedown throwdown. The music was pretty good although for me when it comes to the House genre I generally like it a little dirtier and a bit harder.It was fairly easy to get drinks, not too big of lineups and if there was you can just squeeze yourself inbetween other people and skip the waiting part.This place is not bad at all if you need your House fix on a weekend night. Just expect if you have a haircut like mine random girls are going to pet your hair. Weird, I know.
<review# 951,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2012,3/3/2012,65,117,3,4,3>I happen to have been at Milk Tiger twice within two weeks, like I'm some kind of regular or something... wait, why aren't I a regular or something? Milk Tiger is a little lounge that if you didn't know it was there, would probably miss. There's little to no signage save for a small, white, stylized tiger over an inset door beside a closed in balcony. Make sure you look hard when you're headed there or you'll be liable to miss a great little spot with a wonderful cheese tray!I have become addicted to the French 125 which is 5 ounces of wonderful mixed with champagne. (They do however, need to work on their pims.)Although Milk Tiger has made it's name on it's classic and unique cocktail list, I have to say the TSN turning point for me is the food. Pleasantly, the menu is gluten-free without being snobby about it; it's just a good menu that pays attention to taste and variety. The cheese platter is excellent, the tacos very good and the salads quite nice. I would have liked a bit more spice on my nuts, but let's be fair, who doesn't like spicier nuts?The staff are super friendly and know their menu well, making the experience at Milk Tiger one that keeps me coming back; apparently weekly.T.
<review# 952,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2011,3/2/2012,16,16,3,9,7>Canuckles MMA is the first pure mixed martial arts academy to open in the city of Calgary.  The club has grown from a small team in a small training facility to a large martial arts club with clients of all ages, sizes, and personalities.The gym has a large matted area with a cage, a full weight training area, a full ring, punching bags, speed bags, exercise bikes, caveman exercise equipment, and much more! (pics and more details available on website).I have been a member at Canuckles since December 2008, and I have many positive things to say about the club (and the sport of MMA as a whole). I will tell you firsthand that there is no other sport that will give you a better workout than the sport of fighting. MMA is an entirely different form of cardio. It's not like other sports where you play for a quick shift, run up and down the field, and substitute for a fresh body. Nobody is fighting but you, and there are no breaks. You can't take a timeout in the middle of a fight! Even if the tank is empty and you are running on fumes, you gotta get out of that car and start pushing! You also have to learn to stay calm and composed when all your adrenaline is pumping from the act of hand to hand combat. MMA involves everything, so you must learn the speed and skill of striking, as well as the art and complex technique of grappling. In this day and age, you must be well-rounded in all areas.MMA is the fastest growing sport in the world, yet it has gained a bad reputation through uneducated people and the media as being "a bloodsport", "human cock-fighting", and "a sport that only skinhead white people are interested in". These statements couldn't be further from the truth and I have seen many different benefits from people practicing mixed martial arts.I have seen people come in to the gym overweight and unatheltic, and in no time at all, lower their weight and become in shape. It's not uncommon for someone to lose 30 pounds in their first two months.I have seen people walk in to the gym as pack-a-day cigarette smokers and just one month later kick the habit. It makes you realize how cigarettes affect your body at a time when you need every ounce of energy and air you can take. Some of these ex-smokers are now some of the most athletic guys there.I have seen kids that started out super shy and quiet and now, after training, are sociable and confident. Martial arts gave them the confidence to stand up for themselves and come out of their shell. It also teaches kids to never give up, to respect each other, to work and progress together as a team, and it dissuades them from wanting to fight in the street.I (and I'm sure many of you are the same way) was very nervous about getting into mixed martial arts. It's a big step to walk into that martial arts gym on your first day, not knowing what is in store for you, if you are going to get beat up, if you are going to be embarrassed, if people are going to want to be your friend... After all, this is a place owned by and full of cage-fighters, and it can be especially intimidating if you're by yourself. This is not the case at all! All of the instructors and team members at Canuckles are more than friendly, and because of the diversity of the team, there's always someone new that you can work with. And if there isn't, the more experienced guys are more than willing to lend you a hand. As long as you have a good attitude, you try your best, you don't smell like shit, and you respect your teammates and coaches, everyone will welcome you right in!  We all help each other and work with together, just like any other team sport.So if you feel like getting in great shape, improving your body, learning the most practical form of fighting/self-defense, meeting some new people, or even fighting in the ring one day, Canuckles MMA (or any other reputable MMA gym) is a great place to help you reach your goals.
<review# 953,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2011,3/1/2012,187,427,3,5,3>I love pleasant surprises. Who knew, being the city dweller I am, that I would be so taken with a restaurant called Farm. Farm's approach to cuisine is progressive in that it melds some traditional favourites by using local suppliers. The results are fantastic, fun and uniquely Albertan.For starters we had some great wine and cheese. We went with the La Ferme ($11/Glass) with followed by several cheeses (3 cheeses for $15) we asked our server to select based on the wine. Since I had such great company I'm afraid the actual names of the cheeses escapes me. I do know that the star of the trio was the dutch cheese the served to us with almonds. Very tasty, not too rich not too light!For dinner we had the Sabblefish ($23) with the Wild Boar Porchetta ($23). Both were excellent in their own ways. The Sabblefish was good, but the squash mix below the fish is what I really remember. I felt it was a perfect base for a fall dish. The Porchetta was insanely excellent. I swear I could taste the character of the oven with every bite. We finished with a flour-less chocolate cake topped with apples and whipped cream ($7). It was great, but I think the apples were a bit too much. The cake itself was perfect adding apples complicated the flavour slightly. The service was excellent. The server was well versed in the food and was able to know which cheeses to choose to go with our wine. I think Farm has become one of my favourite restaurants. It is pricey though. Were it not for the price, I'd be there every week.27/30 Yelp 30 Day Challenge
<review# 954,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2011,2/29/2012,45,205,,4,6>Boogie's has changed a lot, and in a good way, since I went 5 years ago. Apparently its the Tubby Dog people who took this little place over. It has expanded, is  bright, clean and has a good size menu. The burgers always include lettuce, tomato and red sauce. We ordered a single patty with cheese and a Sam's (a fried egg on top of the burger) with cheese. We realized that the people after us had gotten their food before us,so when we inquired about it, turns out they lost the order slip. One of the gentlemen behind the counter promptly took our order again, and they gave us a FULL REFUND! This is a suprise, because most places would comp. your drinks or one meal, but we received it all back..very impressive.Our food followed quickly along with a million apologies from another gentleman who worked behind the counter. We thanked them again and told them not to worry, mistakes happen.Back to the food, when it came out, the burgers were so big they had a knife sticking upright inside, so you can cut it in half. They were very good,  especially for the price, and fresh. I dont think I saw a menu item over $9 and that was for the ginormous specialty burgers.I will definately be coming back, I like the food so far, the way they went over and above service wise, and its a funky, casual little place open AFTER 3 pm on Sunday.
<review# 955,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2011,2/28/2012,11,53,,6,7>I was meeting up with a large group of friends recently, and one of them recommended we go to Gus's for dinner. I must say, it was an excellent choice! So one down side to this place is location. I'm from the south, I drive up to Foothills fairly often so I'm good with the route, but unfortunately this place is just a little bit beyond my general knowledge of the area so I did get lost trying to get into the parking lot. The other downside: I think you have to pay for parking. We were there on a Saturday night so the waitress said we didn't have to, but it sounds like you would on other days. Beyond that I really have nothing to complain about. It's called a Cafe for good reason. It's quaint and homey and is the same size and atmosphere as a cafe making it a really good place to hang out with friends. My group was about 20 and most restaurant staff would be kind of moody with a group of that size but they were really polite (granted we were the only people there). You'd also think with a group of that size ordering at once they'd be really slow at giving us our food (especially with only two kitchen staff) but they were on par with other places. They make mini pizza's (6") which I think is pretty sweet. The menu isn't too fancy but they have some really good sandwich, and pasta choices, but the biggest seller probably is the pizza. The one thing I really loved was that the waitress wasn't pushy. We sat for hours after finishing our food just to talk, and the only reason we knew they closed at ten was because a couple of us asked, not because they were standing there trying to force us out.All in all, great atmosphere, fabulous customer service, and pretty darned good food.
<review# 956,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2011,2/27/2012,19,165,5,3,4>I am glad Kat and I got married in August. I could imagine bringing her here for breakfast on our anniversary, and standing for 45 minutes in a blinding blizzard - not my idea of a fun time. The Sunday we came down here was a typical busy period, with a half hour wait. We were offered refreshments while we waited in the cloudless sunshine, and we played Sudoku while our tummies grumbled back and forth in a noisy competition to determine who was the hungriest.Finally, when we made it into the restaurant and ushered to our quaint little table, we were surprised at its size; tiny. Maybe 500 sq. foot tiny. And the turn-around at tables was impressively quick, a system honed through the generations. The decor was loads of fun, and a blackboard above the kitchen listed the local locations where their fresh ingredients come from.Needless to say, you could tell the difference local makes. My Tex-Mex omelet was fluffy and succulent, and Kat's eggs benedict were perfectly done, runny as she likes them. It was a great breakfast, and I would definitely come back to try their other offerings. Perhaps take up Dan's recommendation of the burgers?5/30
<review# 957,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2012,2/26/2012,65,135,2,3,2>What a fun little candy shop this is hidden in the Glamorgan strip mall!I agree with the other reviewer that this spot is not as filled to the brims as I am used to with candy stores, but they do have some sweet little gems and gift ideas in there.  I noticed a grand theme of bacon and mustache related products, which are really fun and make great gift pack ideas.  They also have collector lunch boxes, something I've always wanted to use for my lunches at work to get attention.  I didn't buy any bulk candy, but they have a pretty thorough offering... I went for the actual Hershey Bars that are just so damn tasty.  The guy behind the counter (the owner) was very friendly and made fun conversation,  which I enjoyed.  He seemed pretty excited about his products, especially the Hershey Bar!  I'd say definitely check this place out if you are looking for gifts or even just a bunch of candy for yourself as a treat!
<review# 958,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2011,2/25/2012,116,106,2,4,3>Despite it being located in Forest Lawn (a part of the city which I think has an unfair reputation of being a bad part of town; undesirables can be found in every part of the city these days), I actually had a good time here (get it? ;-) ).The place is very clean, well kept, and the staff are friendly and helpful.  The patrons represent all types, but like the namesake, they only really show up for a good time as well.  In fact, when a patron from the neighboring table accidentally bumped into me, he was very apologetic.What really got to me here was the food; it's so delicious!  I had the the Chicken Club Burger and fries, and the bacon was crisp, the chicken succulent, and they used real cheddar cheese.  The fries were flavorful, crisp, and clean (i.e. not greasy at all).  And the best part:  the prices are very reasonable.  I think the burger, fries, and a cola cost me about $11.When I went, they had a live band playing, as well as a dance floor.  Good times for sure.The place has its own charm for sure, but if you can get over the stereotypes and prejudices of the location and neighborhood, I'm sure you'll find yourself having a good time here too.
<review# 959,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2011,2/24/2012,194,334,4,6,3>I have had a bit of experience with Mango Shiva in the past, but yesterday is the first time I have ever gone there for dinner.In the past, my experience has been:- 2 events that had Mango Shiva cater -- both were charity events.  One for Breast Cancer (Aveda Event at the Institute), one for Canadian Liver Foundation (Liver Up Talent Show)- I had the priveledge of attending an Yelp event a month ago.Yesterday, I went to Mango Shiva with a friend for dinner and had an unbelivable meal.  I had the Pork Vindaloo, which was recommended to me by the friendly waitress, when I mentioned I wanted something with "heat".  Not only was it delicious, it was so tender that I didn't even need a knife to eat it.  it literally fell apart with a fork.  The other nice touch, was a few fresh purple grapes, cut in half, on top of my Vindaloo dish.  It was delightful to take a scoop of hot vindaloo, and to have the contrast of a cold, sweet grape in the same mouthful.  Ahhhh... simple pleasures!We also split the oven baked samosas (delicious), and I had a salad (fresh diced mangoes were a nice touch) as well.  My friend ordered the butter chicken.I had the opportunity to try not only my meal, but I snared a taste of the butter chicken as well, and everything was delightful.  The butter chicken even had a tiny beat of heat to it (but my vindaloo kicked its butt for heat - as vindaloo should).  And the butter chicken also had a delightful, smoky flavor to it as well.  It was extremely delicious!I had the CannonBall Cabernet Sauvignon, and we split the Chili Chocolate Cake for dessert.  A split wouldn't necessary be a fair comment.  I am confident I ate most of it.The bathrooms there were cool, but admittedly a little alarming.  With my full belly and a glass of wine under my belt, I had a tough time figuring out which bathroom was the mens and ladies at a quick glance.  The urinals on the left were a dead giveaway, and then I clued into the pretty pictures in the glass.  Pretty girl -- I guess I'm not that smardt.  :DI will definately be back at Mango Shiva to try more of their menu, and my friend said that he can't wait to bring his parents there next week.  He's confident his folks are going to love it there.Great work, Mango Shiva!
<review# 960,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2012,2/23/2012,57,118,5,9,3>Reef 'n Beef is located in the Rundlehorn Drive area NE of Calgary.  Its one of those places you would miss if you didn't know exacty where it was. A colleague told me about this place because she lives close by.  She raved about the $5.95 steak sandwich. I couldn't believe my ears when she said FIVE DOLLARS AND NINETY FIVE CENTS steak sandwiches so I had to see for myself.  There are two different areas, the dining area which is more formal and the lounge which is...a lounge. We sat in the lounge.  Our server was pretty nice and the chairs are comfy.  We, of course went for the steak sandwich each.When the steak sandwiches arrived, I was pretty surprised, there was a piece of toast, steak on top and a nice portion of fries.  I got gravy (which I believe is an extra cost). *SEE PICTURE* Of course you can't expect a steak from the keg.  The steak was ok, I mean $5.95 you can't really expect anything spectacular, but it was seasoned nicely and the fries were deeeelicious!  Nice and thick with lots of potatoe and a hint of crunchiness. YUM.  The gravy is nice, it tastes homemade, but who knows!I've only been to this place for the steak sandwiches, but its definitley a place I would stop by again and try something else.  But!! Its a MUST to try the $5.95 steak sandwich, I mean.......$5.95 need I say more?!   Ps. Happy Hour Daily from 3pm - 8pm.
<review# 961,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2011,2/22/2012,67,33,7,9,4>"Oopsy - I made a poopsy!" Pardon me? Really?Just imagine... you're sitting in the quaint and cozy Caffe Rosso in Ramsay, just south of Inglewood and you smell something funny... not "funny, ha ha," but (sniff... sniff) "this milk smells... funny."That's when you realize your little one has used their diaper for the reason it was made for... oh, and you've forgotten your diaper bag (cause that happens - trust me, I did).Well, have no fear, Caffe Rosso is here to save your day, your lunch and a pending diaper rash!Not only does Caffe Rosso have a proper change table in the customer's spacious washroom, they also have diapers - three different bags of diapers... sizes 1, 2 & 3... and what's more - they're Huggies (not some generic no-name that are poor fitting and often results in some kind of unexpected rash).This is a pretty big deal - never in 3 & half years as a parent have I come across a coffee shop that had diapers in it. NEVER! Which means - IF you're that parent who brought your little ones on a coffee date and you've forgotten to restock the diaper bag with diapers or you've forgotten to bring the diaper bag altogether (and let's face it, it happens to everyone at least ...um ...ah ...at least once or twice) - the've got you covered!Okay, what about the rest of the Caffe? You know what, it's pretty cool too. A bit of an industrial feel to it. The first thing I noticed was a big, bright and spacious coffee shop. Room for everyone - staff & customers! Loads of space for customers - coffee tables, cocktail tables, lounge chairs and sofas. Patio seating with lots of south exposure... sun. Lots of sun.Free WIFI - however I didn't see any available power source and I looked pretty hard as my battery died after 40 minutes - I know, I need a new battery.The order counter is quite large - a lot of room for everyone (staff and customers a like) to order their favourite.Choices - coffee, tea, assorted juices, water, snacks, etc. The staff - very courteous. Actually, the best thing I noticed about the staff was their genuine willingness to serve you - you could tell they enjoyed what they were doing and they made me feel right at home.Washroom facilities... ya, we covered that. Nice big bathroom. A bit on the dark side. Black walls, vanity, toilet and flooring... and they have diapers! Did I mention they have diapers?Oh - and LOADS of free parking!How could Caffee Rosso move from 4 Stars to 5?- access to power. I'm not looking to hang out for half the day, I just don't have a very good battery and I don't like losing power.- the bathroom could be brighter... a bit dark in there.- the bathroom wasn't dirty but it could use a regular spot check and the small waste basket emptied... a few bits of rolled up paper towel on the floor. True, customers could actually put garbage in the... garbage... - my vanilla latte was average... I actually didn't taste any 'vanilla'. Weird.Bottom line, I'm a fan and I'll be back again...
<review# 962,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/4/2011,2/20/2012,130,261,4,5,4>Usually I would complain about a place constructed to look like a cabin when it is not an actual cabin, but this one is just cute enough that I will allow it. But do you want to know why Cochrane Coffee Traders reeeeally gets a solid four stars? Because not only do they serve loose leaf tea (fist pumps for a coffee shop who doesn't just charge $3 for a cup of Mighty Leaf)...they also serve...wait for it.... A VEGAN MUFFIN. And as a vegan baker myself, and a huge snob, I wasn't even disappointed that I'd paid money for it! Thanks Cochrane Coffee Traders!  I'm a fan! :)
<review# 963,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2011,2/19/2012,47,97,,3,2>Food: 4/5Atmosphere: 3.5/5Service: 4/5Overall experience: 4/5(1- Terrible; 3- decent; 5- Fantastic)Cute little bistro with a clean and simple decor of hardwood floors, green and white wall panels, and comfy seats. It seats about 10-15 people inside and a couple more on the patio. The service was exceptional - our server was very friendly, professional, and attentive (made sure our cups were always filled with coffee) but not too intruding. The food came out quick... then again we were the only ones there at 10am on a WednesdayTheir menu is simple with breakfast and brunch options such as your basic breakfast (eggs, choice of meat, toast, hash), omelets, french toast, paninis, poutines, salads, and lunch combos of  which can include your choice of fries/salad/poutine or even gelato (yes, they serve Fiasco Gelato here). The prices are average for a breakfast/brunch restaurant, ranging from $10-$15 for breakfast, $10 for sandwiches, and around $20 for combos. My friend ordered the Wake Scramble (mix of hash browns, onions, peppers, sausage, ham, bacon, with scrambled eggs and melted cheese on top); and I ordered their 'meat-atarian' omelet (3 eggs, mix of sausage, ham, bacon and cheese, hash browns, and two slices of toast from a fresh loaf of crusty bread). The food was delicious! My friend and I enjoyed our meals very much and we were stuffed by the end. The hash was not overdone and perfectly crispy (just how i like it); the omelet was light and fluffy, not too eggy and packed full of meat; the toast was a little too crunchy for me and came with homemade berry jam that lacked a little sweetness. Overall, the food was fresh, tasted great, and cooked perfectly. My only disappointment was how the menu wasn't extremely unique since it's the usual things you would see on a brunch menu.Despite that, if you are in the area and looking for some excellent brunch food I suggest a visit!
<review# 964,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2011,2/18/2012,429,445,8,14,7>27/30The shareef may not like it, but I do. Who wouldn't like sitting on fancy silk couches surrounded by golden tapestries, while a waiter comes and washes your hands with rosewater? He'll tell you stories of Morocco, you'll sip on mint tea with a cinnamon stick and orange slices and discover eating with your hand is a breeze. That's one hand (and make sure it's your right), not plural; it's a Tajine, not a trough ;). Also, don't use your entire hand. Your pointer, middle finger and thumb are all you need.You almost want to use both hands or just bury your face in the Tajine, though. That's how good it was. And the owner was so friendly and accommodating to my veg needs, I didn't even mind when I was brought a mint tea when I ordered... I don't even remember what I ordered originally! Who cares? The mint tea was so tasty. This would be a lovely place for birthdays (which was why I was there the first time), for a romantic date where you can lovingly hand feed each other... away from all your friends who would otherwise start muttering that you guys are being gross and need to get a room, or even a fancy Ladies night :) *hint hint, cough, WENDY, cough cough*Try the couscous with the Jilbana Tajine. It's the business.
<review# 965,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2012,2/17/2012,52,263,2,5,4>I actually never new the name of this place until I went looking for it. We always just refer to it as "the sandwich shop" or sometimes "the sandwich shop on the corner" around my office and once you learn what exactly that means, you know what it means and that's what you call it! I have forgot my lunch on many occasions and thought, shoot what to get! Many times the sandwich shop has resolved my lunchtime woes. I always get what I refer to as "crack chicken salad" with a side cesar or fruit salad. I don't even like chicken salad sandwiches. Not ever! But I like them here. I don't know what's in them but they taste special and amazing. The side cesar they give you is really tasty too. And massive. If you go with the fruit salad the portion isn't quite as big but it's all really fresh and delicious fruit. For under $7.00 you get a really filling and home-made tasting meal. It's really nothing fancy but it gets the job done for a good price, quickly, and with a smile.I will be back many times over to see the lovely  family that runs this place, demanding my next chicken salad fix!
<review# 966,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2011,2/16/2012,67,141,,6,5>The holidays are coming up and my family has decided to make Calgary the holiday destination this year. I have been getting organised for them to come, and one of the perks with the B&B they are staying is a piano! I took lessons back in the day, like many of us did. Seeing that piano in all it's glory, in a living room all decorated up for the holidays left me wondering: " Could I learn a few tunes in a few weeks to take advantage of this sweet organ?". A quick stint on Craigslist and I found a cheap used keyboard to practice on. But wait...I really don't remember that much about how to read music..yeah, I can play a scale, but there is no way in hell I could crack out the Charlie Brown Christmas song book and get snoopy to shake it. Enter Bowtwon Music.I did a google search for piano lessons, and Bowtown came up. I sent some emails explaining that I wanted to learn a few holiday tunes over the next 2 weeks and asked if they could accommodate me in their Kensington location. These folks are super helpful! Fast responses by email and really flexible with my request. The Kensington location is for lessons, etc. only, it's not a shop by any means and I doubt you could just walk in there off the street. If you want sheet music or instruments, you have to go to the Bowness location. I stopped into the Bowness location on the weekend before I started my lessons, to pay and to fill out the information required. The store is so sweet, it really is. It's tiny and there isn't a lot in there, but they have a small instrument selection and useful learning resources. Again the staff are sooo friendly! I love when people love their jobs. It shows. Paid and got everything setup for my lessons, it was painless.The lessons were great. Oliver was my piano teacher - he's a total gem. I went in, explained what I wanted to accomplish and where I was at with my skills.  Oliver was able to get me comfortable at the piano again and he had so many wicked tips and tricks -  really, he is the bomb! Seriously, this guy is a great teacher - laid back and chill, he didn't make me feel silly for trying to pull this off with the little piano know-how that I have.So..how did I do? Well so far, Snoopy isn't slippin a disc just yet or anything but I think might try to bust something out after a few rum n' eggnog's. I actually don't even mind that I can't play a full song through, it was just great to fool around with the piano again.Thank you, Bowtown Music - particularly Oliver - for teaching me to tickle the ivories again and for all the racket and annoyance I caused my room mate - it was all worth it.
<review# 967,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2011,2/15/2012,14,65,,4,5>Jerome's is my go-to salon for a good hair cut. Sonja P cuts a mean bob! I love the new salon space too. The old salon was great, but the new second floor space has great natural light and contemporary styling. An appointment for a hair cut starts at the washing station. I think they use stylists-in-training to do the washing? They offer a scalp massage as part of the wash, so relaxing!!! Just make sure to leave a tip for the washer :) I'm guessing that each stylist has a different cutting technique, but Sonia usually cuts my hair dry with a razor blade, especially if I'm getting a shorter style. I think this is a more advanced technique? I don't really know that much about hair styling, but it always looks great. She also does complimentary bang trims inbetween appointments (again, don't forget to tip). I'll admit that Jerome's is an expensive salon, and I won't go if I'm in a long-hair-phase and just getting a trim. Although sometimes I feel like treating myself and I go anyways...
<review# 968,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2011,2/14/2012,27,113,6,6,2>Both my parents' dogs and my dog go to this groomer and we couldn't be happier.They turned an idea of ours into reality by giving our dog his famous mohawk. He's always getting compliments from the ladies for his do! I'm a bit surprised they even let him back after his first pre-neuter puppy trip where he "marked" every corner and wanted to wrestle with all the ladies. Now he's a regular...The standard poodles always come out with excellent cuts and are happier going here than old groomers. They take good care of them all day and can be quite quick for a full groom. They are attentive about what the customer wants and overall extremely friendly.
<review# 969,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2011,2/13/2012,62,103,20,8,3>Did it just get manly in here? Atlas pizza is a man's pizza.This pizza doesn't mess around. This pizza's got BALLS. In fact, instead of a man flexing on the front of the box they should just have a giant pair of nuts because this is the kind of pizza that puts hair on your chest and lowers your voice by a few octaves.I had Atlas' pizza delivered to a networking event I was at. I had never heard of them before, so I was initially leery of this mystery pizza. That is, before the pizza jumped out of the box and roundhouse kicked my taste buds into the year 2013, post-apocalypse. All that I saw was molten lava and dead bodies. What makes this pizza so manly? Well imagine the girliest pizza you can - thin, dainty, ornate. Now, reverse that, blow your own mind and imagine the manliest pizza you can. A thick bad boy with toppings piled high and more cheese than you should be able to comfortably digest. When you pick it up, your arms get a little work out. Be prepared - you're going to get a thin layer of grease on your hands - as if you'd been repairing a tank or something. Just roll with it. I ravenously devoured many flavors of pizza - Hawaiian, Pepperoni, Vegetarian and some other flavor that I can't even recall because by that point I was so full of testosterone I was sucker punching innocent bystanders for no good reason. The portions are large enough to feed a small army of hungry, sweat drenched coal mill workers.This is the kind of pizza that you eat after a day spent doing push ups and flexing. This is the kind of pizza that probably comes delivered via Harley Davidson. This is the kind of pizza that the great men of history would have demanded after building the pyramids and charting the high seas.I ate this pizza until the laws of physics deemed it impossible to cram any more pizza into my body without spontaneously combusting.Ladies, you CAN eat this pizza too. Just don't be horrified if you start sprouting a little bit of a beard and suddenly get an urge to play Call of Duty.For best effect, pair with beer. Any beer. Preferably, pour beer from a keg and crush the cup when you're done. Wear flannel and jeans you don't mind rubbing your hands on - because napkins are for wussy babies.And for heaven's sake, finish your crust. If you defile this pizza by throwing the crust away you deserve to be punted so hard in the nether regions that you feel it in your nostrils.I give this pizza four biceps out of a possible 5.
<review# 970,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/29/2011,2/12/2012,67,339,,2,3>This is a tiny, little "ma and pa" store without the Pa. It is run by an older lady who seems to be there all the time. As a result the hours change from time to time based on whatever is happening in her life-it isn't always open traditional retail hours.I like this little store. It is jam packed full of the weirdest range of wines, spirits and beer. It's kind of like shopping in someone else's liquor cabinet. While there are some items she consistently stocks (like the really cheap beer and basic brands of spirits) the selection of wine and higher end spirits can differ with each visit. Which can be fun if you aren't too picky. Just be sure to double check the bottle you pick up is what you were looking for as the wine isn't always sorted/displayed well and you could easily grab some port or fortified wine if you don't look closely at the label (can you tell we've done that??)The store is very crowded with stock and I think her fridges might be older than the neighbourhood itself but that adds to the experience. It is a real neighbourhood place so if she knows you she is super friendly but if she doesn't she can sometimes come off as being a bit aloof/cool. She is a really nice lady though and its nice to see a little business holding its own, especially given the lack of retail  polish it has.She has reasonable prices that keep the locals coming back too!
<review# 971,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2011,2/11/2012,11,32,3,18,2>After an everlasting debate and frustration with long hair, I decided to have it hacked off.  Usually I go to an Angles close to my house where I absolutely love and trust my stylist there.  I decided to go to the Ginger Group instead this time after my boyfriend told me how great the place was.  I was a little apprehensive in going as I had enough experiences of going to nice salons to only have the hair stylist destroy my hair.  However I booked the appointment over the phone with Jay.Unfortunately most salon and spas that are housed in the Calgary downtown district have gained the reputation of being unwelcome and snotty - even if they give great service.  The Ginger Group though manages to bash that reputation down welcoming customers with open arms.  With abstract art work and staff in casual clothing the place exudes an atmosphere that is down to earth.Jay was charming and had excellent knowledge of hair.  Although she wasn't the most talkative, I felt no need to fill in the silence as Jay was extremely relaxing to be around where it wasn't awkward or stiff.In the end, Jay did an absolutely fabulous job in taking off 10 inches of my hair to a medium length style, where i love my new hairdo.The prices at the Ginger Group are quite reasonable where it ranges from 40$-60$ for women, depending on the expertise of the stylist.  Having had a great first-time experience at the Ginger Group, I would definitely visit it again on other occasions.
<review# 972,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2011,2/10/2012,4,24,,6,4>We went to Wiener-Schnitzel Haus tonight for a date night and we couldn't have been happier.  The restaurant is very small so I would highly suggest phoning ahead and making a reservation or just stopping by for take out.  The decor is quite nice with a fairly modern feel and a nice open kitchen layout so you can watch your meal being created.The menu has many options for carnivores but if you're a veggie I would avoid it as there really isn't much for you.  There are 2 sets of options traditional breaded and fried schnitzels with either fries or salads, or panfried schnitzels  all with some kind of sauce served with spetzle and veggies.For dessert there are limited options, a home made apple strudel which was completely amazing and a vanilla cake with meringue.
<review# 973,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2011,2/9/2012,51,42,5,4,4>You know you've opened a successful restaurant when I go to round-up my posse to leave and they look me in the eyes and tell me "We ain't goin' nowhere!"... This was the case with Model Milk.Their location has been quite a number of venues over the last 100 years since the building opened as a dairy creamery; the best one being a happening night club with no doors on the bathroom stalls. The place has come a long way!Model Milk's menu is small but original, food I have never seen on a menu made my mouth water like a tween on a shopping spree in Aritzia. The best dish of the night was the Shrimp and Grits with a chorizo emulsion. ($14)Just the right amount of creamy and spicy, this is rich and longing to be shared by a couple on date night.I'm also a real sucker for bread, and the Crab Roll, only available on the late night menu, made me want to wrap myself in a dough blanket and parade around yelling "Model Milk is the bread King!" And don't even get me stated on the Calamari Fricassee ($13)And to wet your whistle, The Black Manhattan ($12), a mix of Whiskey, Amaro Averna, Chocolate Bitters, and Orange Zest is in my mind the best drink in town!
<review# 974,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2011,2/8/2012,266,478,8,7,6>Fish Creek Park. The great Calgary backyard playground that'll last in entertainment /relaxation/exploration value for years to come.I remember discovering fish creek within my first year here in Canada. As soon as I learned how to ride a bike which was at a late blooming age of 8, I headed off to Fish Creek. I decided to embark on a clueless adventure on a random paved path, assuming that it would only be a short ride. WRONG! I went missing for almost a day, pedalling nonstop in tears. Luckily a kind old couple found me spazzing out by the river and connected me to the park ranger, who gave me a ride back home. What a traumatizing experience, I don't ever want to talk about it again.Still every corner and area of the park offers unique wonders that often comes with the randomness of nature. They now have park maps that outline the major pathways. I love coming down here for meditative runs and invigorating walks, as well the occasional rollerblade fuelled canine chase.They have other animals here that aren't domesticated. I have mixed feelings towards said animals:-Deers are ok unless I'm driving-Gophers are ok unless I'm on horseback-And cougars... have been exercising their license to prowl-I hate bees period.
<review# 975,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2011,2/7/2012,88,230,6,6,5>Why all the hating on cupcakes, guys?! I don't know about you, but there is room in my life for all kinds of baked goods. Can't we all co-exist deliciously?!Anyways, I had wanted to check this place out after hearing about it...I mean, gourmet doughnuts? YUM!For some reason I was totally sure Jelly was on 17th Ave, so me and Kaeleigh E wandered up and down looking for it and got bummed out that we couldn't find it. Finally, we decided it wasn't in the cards so we gave up and headed down to Kawa. Well, as we're strolling along I saw "JELLY" in big pink letters and made Kaeleigh run across the street with me.As soon as we walked in, all I could smell was doughnuts...and mmm, did they smell good. We perused the case, planning to get one doughnut to share, but all the flavours looked so good that we wound up with four. It's really cute inside - lots of pink, which is my favourite colour.The lady taking our order was really sweet and friendly, as was the guy who pulled the doughnuts and put them in a box. We chose the chocolate one, the lemon curd, the maple bacon (seems like one you have to try!), and the marshmallow. The order system is really, really awkward and I didn't like it at all. I don't see why, when there's no real lineup, they need your name. And then you have to awkwardly shuffle around the other customers who are looking at the doughnut case to get to the other side to pick them up. It seems incredibly inefficient to have two seperate stations. Why not just have two cashiers?It was under $10 for four doughnuts, which seemed pretty good to me, although it's definitely pricy compared to like, Tim Hortons. But these doughnuts are big and looked delicious! We took our cute little box across the street to Kawa (is it in poor etiquette to eat someone else's doughnuts on their patio?!), and decided to try the chocolate one.Yum, yum, yum! I have never been crazy for doughnuts but these were definitely good! They're much lighter than most doughnuts I've had before (not as dense as usual), which is good. They tasted fresh, which makes sense as they said they bake them fresh every morning. I am pretty excited about the fact that I still have three more doughnuts to go...both of us decided that we had to save the marshmallow for last as it looks absolutely amazing!
<review# 976,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2012,2/6/2012,305,278,15,13,10>Tease me, twirl me, and just SHAG ME!!!Yes I've started a new love affair and Shag has gotten me all hot in the head. Well hair. This posh lil spot is absolutely dynamite. Parking is available to the side of the building and back, few spots in the front but I believe those are for expecting mothers. They offer a bevvie at the door, and smiles galore. Ever had long hour hair appointments where you find yourself staring into void space and dozing off? Shag is upbeat, the atmosphere is sleek with lots of eye candy, art on the walls and good beats. Magazines galore and WIFI to boot! There's also a communal table in the center of the work area which is great for socializing, and not having to be confined to your chair. I love it!More importantly is the craft that's going on in this busy hive. I have dark hard-to-dye hair, and if you have dark hair, you'll know where I'm coming from. Keeping a lighter shade of hair is an absolute nightmare, having to lift the roots and then color, and then match up the two over laps. I came in to have my roots colored, and expecting to have over dyed ends AGAIN, I was pleasantly surprised that I didn't need the rest of my hair dyed. Karissa is a master of her craft, and checked on me very frequently just to get the color right. I haven't gotten a cut yet, but that'll be my anticipated visit. The color set me back $60 and came with conditioning and style - just right as I was heading out that night. Reasonable, and moreso because I was so delighted with how well it turned out. Definately making this my go to salon, and recommending this place.You shag, I shag, we all should shag!
<review# 977,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2012,2/5/2012,138,614,2,3,2>Oh.. My... God... I am full!I arrived home from this restaurant tonight and did not even want to brush my teeth - but I did! I wanted this taste to linger in my mouth for-ever!!!!!!!!!!!13 of us gathered to share some Asian Fusion Tapas, kind of a new thing for me, and I personally had never been to this place before. MMMMM. What a gem!We found this eatery easily in a house converted to a restaurant with free parking after 6pm in a lot across the road. What ambiance this place has! Low lighting, up to the minute decor - a perfect date place. The hostess was great! The server was pure awesomeness, one of the best out there. No water glass ever stayed empty complete with a little cranberry for decoration! Nor did our little Soju shot glasses ever go empty !  :)As we waited for everyone to arrive, a few of partook in some Kimchee and flavoured Soju. WOW, why have I not had this sweet, juicy, alcoholic drink before? The first one we tried was lychee. Then came the aloe vera (huh? I know, I said that too but it worked!) then the mango, then the passion fruit. I would have to say the mango won out. I will be back here for this drink alone!We went through hours of eating, doing a tasting getting more and more stuffed until of course we all ended the evening with the best popsicle I have ever had.Food:Spicy chicken wings (my fave) I did not know Korean food could be so spicy - my own cayenne pepper never needed to make an appearance! :) Fish, head onYam fries with a truffle dip (my fave #2)Crispy tofuClams in a black bean sauceOysters on the half shell, rawLettuce wrapped grilled pork shoulder, steak (loved), lemon grass chicken with allllll kinds of garnishes and saucesThe creamy popsicles came in banana (my choice), strawberry, melon and mango.Everything at this place was perfect, even the music was varied and had a good vibe. Of course good food has to be shared with good people and we had that going for us tonight! Washrooms, spotless. I heard that this place is NOT open for lunch and that they are closed on Sundays.A must try when you can go and remember the Korean rule (#6 maybe?) Never let a friend's glass go empty!Cheers!
<review# 978,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2011,2/3/2012,33,81,,6,3>I was in Cochrane recently and felt like trying something non-fast foody. Since I'm a fan of East Indian cuisine and not afraid of trying new places, Mehtab was an ideal choice. The first thing that struck me when I walked in was the cleanliness and roominess of the restaurant. I was greeted right away and informed that their lunch buffet was on. Buffet is definitely one of my go-words - I hear it and I'm in. The 6 options were all awesome (evenly balanced between meatatarian and vegetarian) and the complimentary naan bread was a great touch. A special shout-out to probably the best butter chicken I've had in years. All in all, if Mehtab were located in south Calgary, I may simply ask for my mail to be rerouted there. As it is, I can see myself making the drive out to Cochrane twice a month. If you're a fan of great cuisine and awesome service, do yourself a favor and make the drive.
<review# 979,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2011,2/2/2012,61,55,4,5,2>The third salt/pepper shaker on the table is cayenne. Not cinnamon. I don't recommend putting your finger in your eye directly after screwing the top back on to the cayenne. I actually don't recommend putting cinnamon in your eye either.  I had the Clock Work Orange to drink - like an orange Gin and tonic. It was delicious.I ordered the Greek Goddess or something like that for dinner, and it was delicious!Both times I've been here, it's been QUITE a wait for tables, but if you're not in a hurry, then go for it. The food is excellent.
<review# 980,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2011,2/1/2012,59,52,,5,3>Listen to me, if you want authentic Hong Kong Style Cafe food, you have to try this restaurant.  And when it comes to Hong Kong Style Cafe, you have to try the MIKE TEA (hot/cold).  To be honest, I think just because this is not one of the cleanest restaurants actually makes this restaurant more like the Hong Kong Style cafe in Hong Kong.  Yes I know it might sound a bit un-appetizing, but if you can get over the cleanliness, the food is actually quite delicious.  They do have quite a selection on their menu (breakfast, lunch, snack and dinner).  I love to order their daily special combo even though I can never finish it.  It usually comes with a drink of your choice, soup, one slice of garlic toast and your main dish.  Yup, that's how we HK people eat! hehe I am not gonna rate their service because it will only bring the 4 stars to maybe a 2 stars.  I never really quite enjoy their service.....but if you can also get pass their lack of service,  I do recommend to give this restaurant a try.  3/30
<review# 981,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2012,1/31/2012,54,95,3,1,3>Wow this place is all the rage right now. If I had a dime for every time I heard a friend tell me they're going here for dinner/drinks... wow!I went here for the first time on Christmas eve for a nice family dinner. It was such a gorgeous restaurant. I was totally blown away by the decorations and ambitance in the place. I just loved it... I'd give it a 12/10! The food was nothing short of expectation and nor was the service! I plan on being back very soon for another delicious meal.I haven't yet been on the bar side but my friends seem to love it. Stay tuned for me bar review!
<review# 982,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2011,1/30/2012,50,124,5,6,5>Plaka is a little off the beaten path. -- deep south Calgary, in a Shawnessy strip mall near Zellers and Cdn. Tire . . .   It isn't hugely visible, even standing right in front of it., but this tiny restaurant serves up fantastic Greek food, and has for years.  I assume it's a family business, as it has that comfortable relaxed vibe. They've always treated me like family, even if I'm just there for takeout.  Heck, one time they plunked a shot of ouzo in front of me while I was waiting to pick up my order.  Just because.  The menu is what you'd expect from any Greek establishment, but Plaka just seems to do it better.  On a personal note -- I visited Greece a number of years ago, and I have to say:  sitting in Plaka, and eating their food, brings back the restaurants I tried in Greece like no other in town.
<review# 983,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2011,1/29/2012,31,136,3,6,6>To start out, I do consider myself a gamer, but I'm FAR from the biggest, most obsessive or even a very serious one. In a world where some people's XBox live gamerscores have actually broken a million (they do exist), it took me two months of doing little to nothing else, outside of work, to even make mine crack the 30k mark... so I am by no means the authority on all things controlled by a handheld joystick. I do, however, game enough (and have lived in enough areas of the city) that the Gamestop chain is familiar territory to me, and one of the "must check" stops any time I find myself in a mall.In fact, at last check, I have been to all but 2 of the Calgary locations listed on the website (of a possible 8), and this is by far my favorite.First of all I should note that if you're the kind of casual gamer who only rarely steps out to pluck a game off the shelves, put down your money and walk out, then you probably won't be discerning enough to particularly care about all the little details that make this store so superior to it's sister locations. This kind of person could pretty much stroll into any given store and find what they need at the standard price with acceptable service and walk out with a very run of the mill retail experience.However, if you've ever been looking for a hard to find game made 5 years ago that nobody seems to carry anymore, or if you have a bunch of questions about a new system, feature, or function, or if you're crazy enough about a certain franchise to sluggishly drag your weary body through a mall at midnight just to get it a few hours before everybody else, then this is the location you want.A good example of this store's tendency to go above and beyond was a lovely young lady I had a transaction with several months ago. I hadn't been keeping up with the information regarding the release of the Nintendo 3DS because I had (and still have) no intention of buying one. However, when my traditional DS broke I decided to go pick up a cheap refurbished one to replace it. I came into the store and she tipped me off that if I came back in two days, the price was set to go down to prepare for the launch of the new 3D version. Normally I'd expect a store to be HAPPY about the chance to milk a couple more sales out at the higher price before the drop, but customer service seemed to come first.On top of this experience I have never had an issue finding a game at this location - no matter how far out of date (within the current generation of systems, that is) or rare it might be. Not only did they always seem to have it in stock, but the friendly and courteous staff have always seemed to know EXACTLY where to find it (even in large, jam-packed discount bins).The icing on the cake was last night's midnight launch of Batman: Arkham City. Before they opened to sell the game the staff put on a competition for free game-related giveaways including shirts, posters, soundtracks and the like... which of course they could have done via some cliche draw, or a first come first serve process - but instead they borrowed a page from Batman villain Two-Face, and had you call a coin flip before being sent into the store. You win, you pick your prize. You lose, you get something from a seemingly bottomless drawer of out-dated, unclaimed swag they were looking to get rid of, as selected by a staff member dressed as The Riddler. Pretty damn cool, if you ask me.Add all this to the benefits of dealing with Gamestop in general, including cheap pre-played games, leading edge pre-order incentive packages and the most knowledgable staff base in gaming, and this is my first stop for all my gaming needs.
<review# 984,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2012,1/28/2012,25,81,5,7,5>If I had a last meal on earth this would be it! MMMMM Bailey's in my Cream Puff? Ummm yes please! I wanted to eat the entire box om nom nom. OH you have coconut and Bailey's all up in my cream puff?! Well I think I have lived and enjoyed the decadence of my favourite things all rolled into one.I wanted to lick to the box. Seriously these cream puffs are to die for. I normally hate chocolate covered anything but these I make an exception for. The only thing I can say more is eat these cream puffs and enjoy the sheer magnificence of them. Now excuse me while I dab the drool off my face.
<review# 985,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/28/2011,1/27/2012,13,45,2,5,4>I stopped into Towa for a little post work Sapporo and Sashimi the other day. Its a cute little spot, comfortable with prompt service. Of course, by prompt I mean before I could open the menu, which was a bit peculiar . The waitresses appeared to be wearing some sort of sailor moon inspired get up , which was also cute despite the fact that it fulfilled  certain stereotypes one who grew up on Anime might hold.The sushi was quite good actually and about the standard going rate of sushi in this city. Realistically, I feel like Hana is cheaper and possibly a little tastier and I would probably just cross fourth street next time and eat there but Towa seems a simple alternative.
<review# 986,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2011,1/26/2012,95,304,,4,4>This is definitely as good as it gets! My cousin goes here often because it's his favourite restaurant, and I definitely know why now. Not only were we treated really well but we got to sample a lot of the tasty menu items. The chef and Leslie even came out to speak with us throughout the night. They offered to hang our coats and there was great attention to details throughout the restaurant. What a wonderful evening!!! We started with the foie gras. If you haven't tried it... you really are missing out. It's unbelievable. It melts in your mouth and doesn't have a strong pate flavour but just enough to make it the best foie gras I've ever had. Hands down! It went well with the Fog Dog pinot noir. Next we ordered a side order of their risotto gnocci and their special - hamachi. It was served sashimi style and it had great texture and flavour. I don't know how to describe the risotto it was creamy and just the right amount of seasoning. I was surprised at the selection of meals. A lot of very different entrees with twists. I had never tried rabbit, so I was excited to sample a little from someone else who ordered. It was good though, very... meaty. I don't know how to describe it but rabbit has little to no fat, but they managed to make it not tough at all. Also tried the roast halibut done with a Japanese twist. I love when people use mushrooms with fish :) And for me, I chose the crispy pork. It wasn't pork in the conventional cut, it was the pork belly, which I've only tried at Japanese restaurants before. The soft texture of the pork and buttery flavour went well with the crispy, spicy and strong flavour of the chorizo. Last but not least, they brought us out a cooked hamachi collar. It's not on the menu but it's definitely a delicacy and something you must try if you have a chance.
<review# 987,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2011,1/25/2012,89,72,1,4,3>I don't remember the last time that I had eaten Korean food. This could very well have been the first. Hankang is tucked into a strip mall out of sight from the main road. You'd either have to know about this place or be actively looking for Korean restaurants to find this gem. Having never visited before I asked the server what I should order. They pointed out a small lunch menu with beef, pork or chicken dishes for $10. I ordered the beef.The meal came with a miso soup (Japanese?), rice, two lightly fried spring rolls, garlic potatoes, small salad and some sprouts. The beef portion was more than adequate. It was around 1PM and I hadn't eaten all day yet this meal was more than enough to satisfy my hunger. The flavors were fantastic. I especially like the BBQ beef.After reading some of the reviews on Yelp afterwards I've come to realize that the remaining menu leaves a lot for me to explore. I'm looking forward to returning and trying some of the Korean hot pot.
<review# 988,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2011,1/24/2012,128,46,,3,3>I got referred to this place today by another jewellery shop's staff, who just happened to notice that Walters fixed eyewear. My husband's glasses snapped where the manufacturer soldered the frame together. His vision is awful enough that he sees double without his glasses and he has a big test tomorrow for his trade, so we needed to get his glasses fixed ASAP.I called the staff person at 6:15pm tonight and explained our situation. Not only was I pleased to hear that they could fix it, but I could hardly believe my ears that the staffer agreed to stay past the end of his shift to do it!When we got there, he joked good-naturedly "Where's my coffee?" and then took the pieces of the glasses in the back. 5 minutes later, they were fixed! We paid our $25 (plus a big tip) and gushed with gratitude.If I ever need anything anything that they offer, I will definitely make the trip back to Deerfoot Mall to give them business. They sure know customer service and quality work!
<review# 989,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/23/2011,1/23/2012,27,10,,4,2>This Diner is absolutely amazing. I've accompanied a friend here a few times, and each time we've gone, we've been greeted by a extremely friendly host (not to mention good looking Host - for all the ladies out there). If you go on a weekend, prepare to wait a good 30 40 minutes, there is a huge demand for this place "the morning after" or even for those early risers who want to enjoy a nice breakfast. If you go during the week you can almost be certain that you'll be walked right in and guided to a table of your choice.If you end up waiting, you're offered a cup for Joe to wake you up and keep you warm as you wait on the street for a table to open up, or a pot of tea to tide you over also.The interior is super cute, clean lines, nice bright tile and well lit room with a bar you can sit at or an assortment of tables scattered about. The menu items are all your typical breakfast items from classic double eggs to pancakes to french toast or Omelettes. I'm a classic Bacon and Eggs girl myself so that what I've gone for both times I've been.The servers have the mindset to serve everyone, regardless of it being "in their section" or not. If you're low on coffee you can be certain to have someone asking you if you'd like more. Everyone appears happy to be there, which I believe emanates on their customers.Bonus points to them for a Glutten Free menu and Bonus, bonus points for using fresh natural product. I highly recommend going, and will be back!!
<review# 990,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2011,1/22/2012,6,33,,5,4>I really enjoy European food so when I read about Cassis Bistro in a recent FFWD review, I was very eager to try it out. My last experiences with French food have been disappointing. Most of the French food in Calgary is usually very salty, fatty and served with a lot of heavy sauces. The FFWD review suggested making reservations... I did reserve a table for 2 for Friday night but we were late so we ended up waiting for a few minutes. While we waited, the owner (Gilles) graciously gave us a complimentary beverage of choice (I enjoyed a Rose Brut and my boyfriend had a small pint of Kronenbourg Blanc 1664, a white, lemony-tasting beer perfect for summer sipping) Cassis' menu is well-thought (not too many items) and combines simple, regional ingredients to produce simple, clean tastes on your palate. I like that their ingredients are available to purchase at Casel Marche (the adjoining market). To start, we tried the prosciutto stuffed calamari and the Alberta beef tartare. The calamari and bacon flavor of the prosciutto were a perfect pairing with the butter leaf lettuce salad and its light vinagrette. My boyfriend loved the beef tartare served with toasted pieces of thinly cut baguette: It had the right amount of acidity/ caper/ salty balance. Probably the best tartare we've had in the city!Our mains were also a great success: Manitoba pickerel with potatoes and green beans and chicken basquaise. Both proteins were cooked perfectly. Again, there was an emphasis on clean, fresh tasting notes and plating. The decor of Cassis compliments its dishes well; simple grey walls with framed photos of French landmarks and floating maple shelves adorned with French books/ decor and fresh flower vases. There is also a touch of humor with the projector silently playing French black and white films with subtitles on the back wall.Service-wise, Cassis reminds me of Una's style of "team" serving (btw, Una recently won best service in the city). Our waiter was attentive and pleasantly friendly. He made an excellent wine recommendation from the Bourgogne/ Burgungy region of France for our meal.Cassis is a great bistro for a first date, an intimate meal or a small group gathering. It definitely adds a fresh take on French food in the city. I look forward to trying brunch, lunch and another dinner (or more!) at Cassis.
<review# 991,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2011,1/21/2012,16,7,,4,2>While I haven't had every #glutenfree pizza in #YYC, I've had my fair share.  Double Zero stands out in all regards.  The #gfree pizza's themselves are outstanding, as good or better than any other #gf pizza I've had in town, the service and general atmosphere set Double Zero apart. While it typically crowded for dinner Thursday - Saturday, the other nights can be very quiet unless the Flames are playing.  During lunch or those nights, it is worth making a reservation.  It's quiet enough to have a conversation and still feel like you're in a crowd.They can make many of their menu items gluten free and best of all, they have Estrella Daura, the best gluten free beer there is in my opinion.  estrelladamm.com/en/daur
<review# 992,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/17/2011,1/20/2012,43,100,7,4,5>I have a love-hate relationship with this coffee shop.Love:- it's family owned- their coffee and espresso supplier is Fratello (win)- their employees are very friendly- they make have yummy soups!- they let you sample their soups before you pick one- they have a well stocked pastry cabinet- they offer plenty of non-coffee options like teas and italian soda- it's the only independently owned coffee shop in the areaHate:I need paragraphs to explain this. It's family owned. I get the impression that a large portion of their patrons are friends of the employees because they host a lot of community events and craft nights. It's a big social gathering place. Every time I go there to grab a latte, it always takes an abnormally long time to make them. Like maybe 5-10 minutes depending on the barista. One time, I was heading out to Cochrane for work in the evening and I stopped by to grab a latte. I waited fifteen minutes for my latte. FIFTEEN MINUTES!! Why did I wait fifteen minutes? Because the barista was chatting with this chick. Yes, he was multi-tasking, but I think his productivity would have been 300% higher if he wasn't talking while sauntering to the fridge three feet away to grab my soy, then sloooowly taking his sweet time to press the espresso in the espresso thingy. Come on. Girl, ask him out on a date and let him do his job. Just do it. He's into you. I even have date ideas for you. Just ask me.
<review# 993,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2011,1/19/2012,55,116,11,7,7>This place delivered the goods in an oh so pleasant way. The service was superb, the attention to detail was something to behold,the setting was awesome! really, really nice! Always so refreshing to eat at a restaurant that celebrates high quality ingredients! the fact that most of it is locally sourced is pretty cool to! Bottom line is, it tasted really good, lived up to the all the buzz! They certainly got themselves a new customer!  man I really love it when a place lives up to the hype! Pork is the name of the game at Charcut, it is a celebration of the pig! You can see pigs heads in the open kitchen behind the chefs,.Little pig paper clips on the bills? i mean c'mon!!! are these people related to me or something?? we are kindred spriits thats for sure!  They know where its at!!We started with the pretzels, it was a nice chewy yet soft texture, it was  just a very high quality and fresh pretzel served with whole grain mustard!,  we also got some terrine, mmm mmm, tasted just like it should have!!! pork, no bull in this mix, just pork and more pork. A side of some homemade pickles, superb!Of course we got the share burger( had to it was my first time) very tasty and unique burger. We could have waited in line outside for some alley burgers (virtually the same thing but no brioche bun and only 5 bucks!!! WOAH thats a deal!) but it was just too bloody cold tonight! I wanted to enjoy my burger in a proper nice setting! and oh boy did I ever enjoy it! and the poutine??  really exellent!  fried in duck fat and some really good cheese with truffle gravy! Just out of the park home run style!, a dish that strummed my heartstrings! I was tempted to get all pork items possible! ( the salumi, the mortadella) and just load up my ol visa, but I decided that i would restrain myself THIS time. So I got some brocollini instead (to offset a possible heart attack) and a very nice dessert! this brownie thing with perfect ice cream and some delicious crumbly stuff! only wish the dessert was twice as big! hahahaha, the brocollini was dead simple and perfect! just bang on!Gosh I gotta come back here soon! I am sure this will be an on going review!  Yes its kinda pricey compared to your average joint, but its good, REAL good!! no pretending here let me tell you!  the old saying "you get what you pay for" certainly applies, at least for me! I had no problem parting with my hard earned cash, because they delivered pure quality!. This place may not be for everyone, but those who appreciate the wonders of a pig and local fresh ingredients, prepared in a simple and rustic fashion, 99.8% sure you will enjoy the Charcut experience. If I were a pig I would donate myself to Charcut! Check it out!
<review# 994,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/19/2011,1/18/2012,37,59,,7,5>I visit this place atleast twice a month. It is a typical East Indian grocery store. They have almost everything an Indian needs for cooking . Starting from raw vegetables to cooked curries(ready to eat), grounded spices powders to raw spices, wheat flour to Rotis, Cooking vessels,pickles, all types of ready pastes( like minced ginger garlic pastes). They also have Indian brand cookies, noodles, etc.This place is easily accessible from c-train station(Mc knight). They have good parking space. They also have some Indian vegetables that are not available at other places like Indian okra, curry leaves, a variety of green leaf vegetables, different varieties of rice.This place is cheaper than any other Indian grocery stores that i have visited( ex: Apna punjab, basha foods) and maintains good quality too. Of course few items are little costly. Need to know such goods and find another place to buy them. I usually opt canadian super store in such cases which is nearer to it. Here we find mostly north indian goods and not much of south Indian goods.The place is little cramped. Overall- You can find almost every Indian grocery in here. Atleast stores like these doesn't leave us homesick because of food.
<review# 995,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/27/2011,1/17/2012,165,224,3,3,3>Middle Eastern food is tricky for me. I dont crave it too often, so when I do, it better be good. I have been to restaurants where they make it too dry or too bland.. and I have been to restaurants where its delicious. Aida was more on the 'delicious' side of my radar. I ordered the lamb kabob platter, with the Tabouleh and baba ganouj. The tabouleh salad was great, the baba ganouj was tasty - you cant go wrong with eggplant - and the lamb skewers were delicious! I only wish the skewers werent as small! I wiped my plate clean!The location of the restaurant is great, and the atmosphere is pretty relaxed too.
<review# 996,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/1/2011,1/16/2012,13,27,8,8,8>Great place to get a work out in!  It is never overly busy so there is seldom a lineup for your favorite machine.  Which theres a variety of to work out the different muscle groups.  Trico is also well equipped with a wave pool, hot tub, steam room, a basketball court and a nice little dance studio. One knock though it does not have a swimming pool for doing laps, which would have been a nice touch.oh yeah they have hockey rinks and other extra-curricular ish that Im not too familiar with.  All in all a decent place to break a sweat.  and the price is not too shabby either roughly $40 a month.alright later!(please excuse my lack of apostrophes....Cripes!!!! does anyone know how to change their keyboard settings from french back to english) ÉÈÉèèèéèéÈè :s
<review# 997,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2011,1/15/2012,40,81,6,8,6>This is perhaps the friendliest convenience store EVER.  They know their customers and have pretty much anything you could need - convenient right?Need a breakfast sandwich in the morning? They make 'em with both sausage AND bacon. No need to choose which breakfast meat you love more, why not have both?Need a homemade lunch? They have 'em.  Whether homemade soup, pasta salads, their feature of the day, or just some hot dogs, One Way has something for you.Need to mail a bunch of firewood to Kalamazoo?  Fantastic!  They sell firewood AND stamps.  I'm also pretty sure they will help you figure out where Kalamazoo is too!  (Phew!)On certain things the prices are a little higher.  You want convenience, there's a cost.  But for other items - my daily coke zero addiction that I will be discontinuing soon...hehehe - they are cheaper than Co-op or Mac's.If you live or work nearby, pop in and support this fantastic local business.  These guys get customer service and many other businesses could learn a lot from them.  Plus, they also know my name - woot!(1/30)
<review# 998,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2011,1/14/2012,98,157,6,13,8>It makes me sad when Calgarians don't recognize the gift they have in a classic establishment like Chicken on the Way.Being a "transplant" to this city myself, I remain impressed by Chicken on the Way's classic fried fare.The chicken is juicy and moist, while the skin is pleasantly crispy and flavourful. The fries are decent and the Corn Fritters are absolutely to die for. No joke. If I was thinking about my "last request" meal options, I would strongly consider a side of fritters.As tried and true Calgary institutions go, forget Peter's ... Chicken on the Way is the real deal and they got the track record to prove it. Over 50 years in the running, you can't go wrong.
<review# 999,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2011,1/13/2012,11,23,,4,3>As I walked into this petite, french eatery, I can't help but noticing all the posters on the wall.  Apparently, they're original ad pieces from around the world.  The ambience was dim and romantic but also very chill and relaxed at the same time. I also noticed that they cater to a much older crowd.   Our waiter was very tentative and introduced me to this enhancer that sweetens your wine.  It was the first time I ever heard or saw something like that.  It gives the white wine a little rose color and makes it a little more easier for all you non wine drinkers to swallow...hehe. I never tried fois gras before so I was anxious to finally try it out.  We also ordered one of my favorite, escargot.  The escargot were cooked with sauteed onions and sausages.  I'm not a fan of onions so the aroma ruined the escargot for me.  The fois gras on the other hand was splendid.  It's not just any pate I've tasted.  It had this intense flavor as it melts in your mouth like butter.  I must of ate  half if it!The waiting time between our appetizer and main course was quite long so I wasn't too impressed.  My lamb dish finally arrived and it was well worth the wait.  The lamb was a little over cooked to my liking but yet the meat was still tender. I didn't enjoy the reduction sauce so much and the vegetables were just ok.I had a piece of my friends duck because they were raving about it but I didn't enjoyed it so much.  I thought the meat was tough and chewy.  Overall, the service was awesome and the food was quite tasty.  French settings are always so quiet and formal so this restaurant caught me off guard, for the better.   Comfort is the key to every meal so when you pair that with informative waiters, you get a very accommodating experience.  Definitely a place to come back.
<review# 1000,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2011,1/12/2012,41,30,1,10,2>Okay, this place is just amazing, even if you're just a noob like me when it comes to knives.Yes, they have some wicked amazing knives imported directly from Japan.  Some of these are factory-made, most are hand-made.  No, they are not cheap.  But this should not deter you.  Rather, it should make your resolve that much stronger.  But what really makes this place sing is the staff.All of the staff here are passionate about knives, and this passion oozes out when talking to them.  Stop in for a quick boo and you will quickly be cutting potatos and tomatos with the super-sharp, amazing knives.  Just try not to giggle too much as you slice - you don't want to slip and cut your finger(s) off.Kinfewear offers classes in knife sharpening and knife skills for $60/ea, and they will sharpen your knife starting at $5, often while you wait.They also have a (small) selection of straight razors for the discerning gentleman.  Personally they just give me images of Sweeny Todd.So I recommend you stop in, look around, and talk to Kevin, Rob, or Mark.  You will not be disappointed!
<review# 1001,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2011,1/11/2012,31,18,2,5,5>I am very happy to update my review. The owner of the Bodhi Tree took the time to listen to my concerns and discuss solutions. While there is no guarantee that she can make changes to meet every students concerns, she is willing to listen and implement where possible; and is good for a sustainable business.I was blessed with an hour long conversation where she took the time to talk about the special reasons why the Bodhi Tree is as amazing as it is. I appreciated that effort and honesty.The Bodhi Tree is unique and does have the BEST teachers. Of this, there is no question. Why is that? Because of the values, ethics, and integrity of the owner and what she believes in. Sometimes we all need a little nudge out of our comfort zone.We both shared and learned a great deal; and I am positive that the Bodhi Tree will be even more amazing than ever in the coming months.I look forward to updating this review again as I see the subtle changes occur at the Tree :-)
<review# 1002,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2011,1/10/2012,5,7,2,2,3>Yum Yum Yum.....the coffee and cakes, I just love to come down, grab a delicious coffee and a sweet treat. Just chit chat with my girlfriends, in a chill atmosphere, ahhh so nice, everyone that I see here is always so relaxed..well I guess except during the morning coffee rush, but the moment you have your coffee in hand, and the aroma hits your senses, all is calm in the sea of 'downtown slaves" - me being one of them, I find a huge smile on my face everytime I walk out of kawa with my cup of joe, early day or late night.
<review# 1003,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2011,1/9/2012,19,109,,2,3>This is the absolute soonest I've ever written a review since going to a place...Rob & I went here for lunch today. When we first walked in, the receptionist was very friendly and acknowledged us with a smile and sat us in a very trendy, lofty area. The waitress who showed up after that was very sociable with a great sense of humor, and when we ordered our appetizer it was brought to us within 10-15 minutes, so that was fast service. The meals we ordered looked small on the big plates (Rob had a steak dinner and I got the chicken quesadilla), but they were still very filling. It seemed every possible need was met, and the napkins were even big & absorbent (I like that).Another interesting thing about Flat Iron Restaurant & Bar, is that they have very unqiue-to-them food & drinks you won't find anywhere else, i.e. the "Big Kid's" Root Beer Float (contains alcohol). Check them out for more...
<review# 1004,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2011,1/8/2012,26,43,,4,2>well after reading the reviews and loving burgers i was close to the area and stopped by on a warm September day for a Rockey special, Burger fries and pop for 9$Fries were great and flavorful , hot and crisp..... ( will try the onion rings nest but wish there was a smaller option for smaller price)the Burger was juicy, BIG hot and fresh... but it was missing " something" it felt like it needed a little "extra" in the seasoning... because i was such a thick burger and lots of meat... it did taste a little "plain" i added some seasoning salt for the fries and some pepper and it helped.i will be going back next time im in the area.
<review# 1005,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2011,1/7/2012,16,26,1,6,6>Can I choose six stars? This place rocks. There are two scenes at this place...the packed high energy breakfast crowd (best breakfast you'll ever have btw) and the lights dimmed, come and chill out for awhile dinner. Every night of the week has a different special, and within that theme the choices change from week to week. I decided to take my hard to please dining companion ( aka Mom) on Taco Tuesday. We had an AMAZING chicken burrito with some sort of chocolate sauce...it was subtle and genius...the chicken just melted in your mouth. Sides were great too. I'm so impressed that I meet my husband there for dinner the next night. I'm in scrubs after work but feel more than comfortable in this laid back environment. The same hip and friendly waitress from the night before is there again. She's obviously having fun, serving food she knows is awesome. My husband has 'the best pulled pork sandwich of his life'. I hate pork but try some and yes it's friggin great. I kept it light that evening with yam fries and a salad. The portions are still huge and there are small touches, like house made dip for the fries. No sauce from a plastic vat here! I'm so interested in the yellow hot sauce on our table that I have to try some. It's sweet and flavorful and then my mouth is on fire. Try it if hot is your thing. Overall, the best casual dining experience I've had in Alberta.
<review# 1006,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2011,1/6/2012,76,56,2,3,3>We Calgarians do not suffer from want of pizza. It's easily available everywhere. Some however, like Famous Ray's are gloriously and deliciously unique.The first thing you'll notice upon entering Famous Ray's is it's character. The walls are covered in retro beer signs (Schlitz, Coors) and there are vintage books and magazines scattered around, as are honest-to-god vinyl 7-inch and 12-inch records. Not to mention a working jukebox. In short, if you're a fan of 50s and 60s pop culture, this is *the* pizza place for you.The second character you'll meet is Al (not Ray) the gregarious proprietor of Famous Ray's. He will quickly pop out of the kitchen to greet you and then just as quickly invite you into the kitchen so you can see your pizza just as it comes out of the oven. From here, it's very apparent the differences that set Famous Ray's and Al apart from your average pizza place. He'll show you how he makes the dough, the herbs and spices that go into it, rather than the veggies left in their boxes in some storage room, they're colourfully piled behind the glass fridge doors so you can see what you're about to eat, even the chicken is roasted in house. On my most recent visit, he let me observe while he "finished" the crust of the pizza with a homemade herbal butter. The attention to the smallest detail is fun to watch and delicious to taste. As well, any order over $20 gets a free Caesar salad, full of crisp romaine, garlicky dressing and crunchy homemade croutons. I haven't tried Famous Ray's "Best Greek Salad in the World" yet, but with a description like that I probably have to.Famous Ray's makes a solid, Greek-style pie. My brother and I usually make it through 2 slices each before being defeated. So it's a good thing it makes for a fantastic lunch the next day.For those seeking just a taste, he also offers a slice of pizza and a pop for $4.75. This has quickly become my favourite pizza place due to the quality of the food, the decor and the genuine nature of the owner. Much like the souvenirs on the walls, they just don't make'em like this anymore.
<review# 1007,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2011,1/5/2012,141,125,,6,2>I like the nachos, they aren't the best your ever going to have but they hit the spot. My wife usually orders the steak fajita. It comes out sizzling hot, on a skillet accompanied with tortilla shells, cheese, lettuce, sour cream, salsa. Oh yeah, the steak is lying on a bed of rice, green peppers, red peppers, and onions.I've had the fish and chips here, and honestly they aren't anything special. You get the two standard pieces with fries and a little coleslaw. If you want fish and chips go to a fish and chips restaurant. They actually have a decent burger here, and good salads. My wife has had the salad's, and tells me that she hasn't been disappointed by the salads over the years we've been coming here.Myself, I've had everything from the nachos & chicken wings, to the steaks & ribs. I have to say most of the food they serve at Mohave's is decent enough. It's a good alternative to Earl's or Milestone's without having to pay quite as high prices. the service is pleasant as well.
<review# 1008,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2011,1/4/2012,9,84,,4,1>When I first came to Embody I was in rough shape.  My friend told me they were having free body evaluations and I called right away!Dr. Schmolke is amazing!  He did my evaluation and explained everything to me in detail.  Its amazing how your spine really effects everything in your life to how you digest food to how you sleep at night.I have been going for a few months now, getting adjustments once a week and I can honestly tell you that I've never felt better!  I can walk to and from work without pain, sleep through the night without pain and discomfort and I just overall feel better!I would recommend this centre to anybody because I believe that taking care of your spine is just as important as going to the gym.  Everyone needs to have an adjustment now and then to keep their back in good working order.The staff is super friendly and helpful.  Dr. Schmolke is the nicest man I've ever met, and i'm not kidding! He loves what he does and you can see if everytime you come in to see him.Check out their website for lots of tib bits of info and what specials they are having this month.You only have one back, take care of it! :)
<review# 1009,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/4/2011,1/3/2012,85,210,2,4,2>The Purple Perk is one of my favourite coffee shops in Calgary. The atmosphere is awesome and the coffee is very good. They're quite often busy, but not so much that I've ever had to wait overly long, and have always managed to find a table when I needed one.One thing I need to do is try the breakfasts someday - the omelette looks and smells phenomenal (not that I'm looking at or smelling other peoples' meals... ... *shifty eyes*)Definitely a must try if you're in the area. I just wish it were open later - sometimes one needs a coffee past 10pm!
<review# 1010,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/16/2011,1/2/2012,40,98,2,4,5>I like to try different types of massages, so I checked out the Indian Head Massage here. Why? Because it focuses on the shoulders up, which is what I needed at the time, plus it was only $50 for 30 minutes, and I only had $50 left to use on my work place massage benefits.My therapist was kind, and made sure I was relaxed. This is a fully clothed, and seated upright massage btw. She balanced my chakras (I think), and in the end told me I had a very open heart and was now available for unconditional love and balance so that I could now in turn help others - interesting to say the least.If you've never had a head massage before, this is a treat, because I literally fell asleep in the chair - I never can sleep, not on planes, trains, or my bed most nights, so this was a big deal. This is my second experience with this type of massage and it's amazing how much tension can be released from it.Inner Balance has always provided good customer service, and they serve the best teas to their clients, and will engage you in friendly conversation as you wait.If you're into trying something new, go visit them. But be warned, they use oils, so you'll end up with hair that looks like you slicked it with Vaseline once done. They have showers, just keep in mind the oil takes a bit of time to wash out.
<review# 1011,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/9/2011,12/31/2011,69,229,3,1,3>It's been a while since I've had Thai food (other than the take out stuff at the office food court) so I was pretty excited to head out with a group of friends this past weekend. We had a large group, i think about 12 or 13 of us. The restaurant isn't that big but there was certainly room enough for us. The table was all set with plates, water glasses, and cloth napkins awaiting our arrival. The server was attentive and had no problems keeping up with our drink and food orders.Our food arrived in good time especially considering our large group. The presentation was really nice, something you don't always see unless you're at some fancy schmancy restaurant. Everyone commented on the pretty carrot roses. I thought it was much too pretty to eat. However, several of my dining mates ate theirs. My choice tonight was the pad thai. Fantastic! The portion was large and it was filled with noodles, vegetables and a generous amount of chicken. I'd certainly order it again. Jan L. ordered a spicy curry that was very tasty but a little too hot for my liking. I would consider ordering it as a one and not a three. From what I heard around the table, everyone loved their food. There were lots of smiles and I'm sure happy full tummies at our table. This is one place I'd come back to again. Gonna try a curry next time for sure.
<review# 1012,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2011,12/30/2011,52,76,1,4,3>Laurier Lounge can easily be missed if you aren't looking for it hard enough. Kind of tucked behind the Safeway it stands there on its own radiating an old school charm. Although I find it a little odd when you first walk to the steps to hear music that you would probably expect to hear at some Mexican festival be sure to keep  moving forward through the front door.Small in size but large in coziness with a low lit intimate atmosphere that is great for first dates, second dates or just dates in general. Great for when you want to have a quiet gathering with your friends and family to celebrate whatever you feel like making up that day.Our server was attentive and patient as we had never been there before so we were trying to figure out what to eat, mind you, changing our minds once or twice to make sure we are trying something we really want to have.We came in a party of 20 something so I really don't remember what everyone had besides what my one friend who sat at the same table as I did and of course what I had as well.I wasn't hugely hungry but I didn't not want to eat either so I settled for their lounge menu and ordered the Cajun Chicken Burger which Laurier Lounge claims as the second best burger in Calgary with a side of fries. The Cajun Chicken Burger consists of Spicy raspberry chutney, brie, garlic aioli, lettuce and tomato.This burger was huge, I had to cut it into four pieces and devour it one corner at a time. Not to mention that it comes with a side of fries which are delicious and make you even more full than you previously were trying to munch down the burger.My friend sitting across the table from me had the Warren Buffet Burger which has onion, emmentaler cheese, horse radish & aioli, lettuce and tomato. Again I think the size of the burger is huge (for me anyway). Beef itself was tasty and delicious. He also ordered poutine instead of friends and it really made me sad when I saw his poutine and even more sad when I tasted it - simply salivating (is that a real word??).I would definitely come back here for another go at something different on the menu.
<review# 1013,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2011,12/29/2011,11,54,2,6,4>There is one problem that I want to make sure my fellow Yelper's do not encounter when they go to this great place. There is no access from 16th Avenue westbound, you must turn left at 19th Street NW and enter the parking lot just past the bank, due to the median. I think that the buffet is the best there is, as they are constantly bringing nice freshly made food from the kitchen, instead of holding large quantities in the warming pans like many places do. This was my experience with the prices for the dishes I had off the regular menu in th evening. I ordered their steamed sour and spicy fish dish for $16, because to me to not have a Thai fish dish is missing out of one of the best Thai foods there is. I simply love how they prepare fish. I think it was the most expensive item on the menu and it was very well prepared and tasty. The red and green vegetarian dishes were $13 and were as good as anything I have had in Calgary.
<review# 1014,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2011,12/28/2011,25,88,,2,3>I called Alloy on at Saturday night and asked for a reservation for five right away. They were very friendly and very accomadint to our last minute needs. When parking and going into the restaurant you might feel a bit turned off by the location and the fact that it looks like a office building from the outside but don't judge a book by its cover. Once you step inside you feel welcome and enjoy the quiet even though the place was pretty full. The host and hostess at the front desk were friendly, funny and nice but not in the fake way some are. We were seated with a view of the bar which really excited my group because they had some very rare but high class choices such as stoli elite. The bartenders were mixing drinks all night and seemed qualified to make the more difficult choices. Our waitress was a gift after the rude and loud experience we had at Wurst. She was happy, friendly, helpful and professional. She was quick to answer questions and offer suggestions and we never detected an ounce of attitude. She always had the water glasses full and made sure none of our other drinks were ever empty either. She was attentive and interesting but not annoying.I felt that my food was mediocre considering the price. My scallops were over cooked and came with a tower of crispy fried carrot or yam (I didn't really eat any) strings. It was a little pretentious and didn't go with the scallops. The Tuna Tartar was bland and clearly not seasoned. My mussels were good. I really enjoyed the flavor of the sauce with sundries tomatoes and fennel. The lamb main that two of our group ordered was perfectly cooked and soft like butter. The pork tenderloin main one of the group ordered was the best dish of them all. It was tender and had a subtle smoky flavor from being wrapped in prosciutto. The last member of our group ordered the breaded duck dish. The flavor of the duck was lost to the breading. We ordered and shared a panacotta and a creme brûlée as the ending to our meal. I felt that the pumpkin spice creme brûlée was the hero to my meal and I would have had another if I could eat that much. The panacotta was rich and flavorful with a slight taste of citrus I'm guessing from lemon.If I were judging the restaurant soley on service I would have given it a six out of five but I had to give it the four for having more than two not so great dish. Still I truly believe Alloy is worth a visit. I plan to go again and try more items.
<review# 1015,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2011,12/27/2011,10,42,,4,3>Despite hating the whole concept of being a regular, since the day this joint opened, I have been showing up regularly.Now firstly, I don't go for the late night dance & DJ things, nor do I see many bands anymore, I just can't do the late nights any more. I mainly catch an after work beer with my husband and my friends. Both my husband & I cut our teeth on punk rock bars, dive bars, and british pubs, so we don't want anything fancy for our so-called "neighborhood pub". We are not sports bar type of people, so our neighbourhood pub has to be a little different.This place has what we want. Although the bathrooms border on scary, and there is definitely grit to the joint, it only adds character. The patio rocks, it has good music, it is hip, it has a very dynamic crowd of artists and scenesters and it is on my way home from work.Of late though, it has been under new ownership/management and I hate to say, it isn't quite the same.The staff isn't quite as hip, the music isn't as cutting edge, nor does there seem to be as large of crowds on weekdays after work, but it still is better than any of the other pubs in the area (including the Ship).
<review# 1016,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2011,12/26/2011,25,170,,12,4>My sister, her fiance, and I were looking for a place to eat.  Naturally, I loaded up the Yelp app and checked out what was nearby.  In my bookmarks, 0.1 km away, was Tamarind (I had seen Sapna's review last year and decided I would try it some time).We decided to go there -- especially since it is literally across the street from their apartment.  As Sapna said, it really is small.  We walked in and were greeted by a very nice lady, who I presume was Phung.  It smelled great in there, which we all agreed was a good start.We ordered the Tamarind Platter, an appetizer with 2 chicken skewers, 2 beef skewers, 2 shrimp skewers, 2 spring rolls, and 2 salad rolls.  It came out quickly, although not with napkins.  When I went up and asked for some, Phung was very apologetic and told me her son and waitress were both unable to come in that day, so she was working by herself.  No need to apologize -- she was rocking it better than some restaurants do at full staff!Everything on the plate was delicious.  The salad rolls were fresh and the shrimp inside tasted great.  The skewered shrimp had just the right amount of spice, and the beef was amazing.  The peanut sauce and spring rolls were the best any of us have ever had.We all ordered Pho -- my sister and I had chicken satay, and her fiance had the beef satay.  His beef came out barely cooked, just like it should be (the broth cooks it right in front of you).  Just like a steak, it ended up perfect by the time he went to eat it.The chicken satay Pho (soup) was excellent.  The broth was easily the best I've had.  The chicken was a bit overdone, but still tasted good.They both haven't eaten much Vietnamese, but they say they will now!  I'm jealous that they live so close to this gem.  They even plan to come here at night to order subs for their lunches the next day; at only $5.50, that's a healthy and relatively inexpensive way to go.I will be back here whenever I can -- Tamarind is my new favourite Vietnamese restaurant.
<review# 1017,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2011,12/25/2011,46,29,,7,1>This place is has moved again! Don't be fooled by her last sale - she is not out of business. I can't explain how happy I was to find this out! SO HappY!She's running her store out of her new apartment which is above Personal Best & Petite at 1301, 10 Ave SW. There isn't a Cat's Eye sign, but you can see some clothing in the windows. Cat has still has the same store number, so call her if you were planning on dropping by. She's open by appointment only now. Showing up at the door and ringing to see if she can let you in her counts as an appointment, so she's pretty laid back about it. If you are looking for something specific it would be best to call or email ahead of time as she doesn't have room for all her stock where she is. This way she promises to look for items for you and bring them to her place for you to browse.
<review# 1018,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/7/2011,12/24/2011,187,427,2,5,2>Ahhhh bowling! Inspiration for a number of excellent comedies over the years. There is Kingpin. A movie worth watch just to see Bill Murray's comb- over flap in the wind. And there is The Big Lebowski where you don't f@#k with the Jesus! Anyways, after some explosive Thai food I found myself at Let's Bowl as a part duex to Angelo's T's Thai if I want to UYE. Good choice my friend!Honestly I had a blast here. From the cheesy dark lighting and the constant low-tech lazer effects show to the random high-pitched bursts of celebratory excitement from those that get a strike, I think if I had to show aliens one of the best things about humanity it would be bowling (along with weddings). Everyone here looks happy and like they're having fun! Nobody bad-mouthing each other save playful jest among friends, no egos that are tainting our collective consciousness (R.I.P Bill HIcks) just pure light-hearted concentration on knocking over those pins! Fun times!$6.75 a game, $3 shoe rental.7/30
<review# 1019,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2011,12/23/2011,65,117,2,2,3>For all us old-school Calgarians, Commonwealth is the Neo-Warehouse; with a funky steam-punk-meets-mad-scientist/Clockwork Orange overhaul.Newly renovated with fake skeletons, 1800s-style chemistry sets, chains, stuffed crows, fedora-wearing staff, a much-better-than-hot-dogs cafeteria and a very intriguing bourbon list, Commonwealth has potential to be the new it-club in town.The music selection is good; and in a nice twist, the DJs are actually skilled. That said, Commonwealth has a lot to live up to in the music realm at this location, so I am interested to see what the future holds in terms of shows and DJs.With the current success of these owners (UNA, Ox&Angela), and should the music hold up, I predict Commonwealth will have a long and healthy life complete with loyal followers.I have a sneaking suspicion I may become one of those followers... Fedoras and suspenders on fellas, let's get a Makers Mark and hit the dance floor.T.
<review# 1020,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2011,12/22/2011,19,165,4,7,4>You can easily spend a lot of time in Recordland and run out your parking meter and get a parking ticket. I usually wait for a month or two between visits and build up a list of albums or CDs to find because if you go in to browse, you are going to seriously lose track of time. Just on my last visit back in December, I bought the following albums:Underworld, DubnobasswithmyheadmanPJ Harvey, To Bring You My LoveProdigy, Music For the Jilted GenerationPulp, His 'n HersCatherine Wheel, Adam and EveThe Field, From Here We Go SublimeBoards of Canada, In A Beautiful Place Out in the CountryThe Orb, Orb's Adventures Beyond the UltraworldIf that is not in my top three single-purchases of all time, then nothing is! The CDs and vinyl are stacked ceiling-high, and if the prices are sometimes less than generous, this is still the best place to seek out a rare album. Ask for Serge Gainsbourg, and the owner might let you into the secret cellar-like room behind the electronic CDs that are nearly as extensive, stuffed with a multitude of foreign vinyl. Where he finds this stuff is a mystery. ps. Flippant comments about the guy being a jerk are beside the point. Sure, he is probably as cuddly as a cactus, but think about the streams of endless Inglewood window shoppers who clog up his already non-existent browsing space. If you go in there and walk out with an armful of stuff, he is definitely going to at least be friendly if not quite crack a smile.
<review# 1021,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2011,12/21/2011,86,132,1,2,4>My husband and I decided to go to NOtaBLE for date night very last minute.  We knew we would wait but we also knew it would be worth it.  When we arrived we were told that it would be a 45 minute wait but we only waited 5 minutes because we took the "hot seats" at the bar in front of the rotisserie (which are some of my favorite seats in the house).  Sitting at the bar overlooking the open kitchen is tons of fun & still a great dining experience. We were surprised when the people sitting beside us had one drink & left because they didn't get a "real" table.We couldn't decide on what to get for dinner so we decided to share a few things.  We got the grilled flatbread with olive tapenade to start and then shared the mussels with frites and the burger of the month (meatloaf burger) with a side salad.  The burger was AMAZING.  Quite possible the best burger I've ever had.  It was made from ground pork, ground beef and pulled beef.  YUM!  We finished up dinner with a piece of Stilton cheesecake.The service this visit was not as good as last time we dined at NOtaBLE.  After dessert I actually asked "Where did our server disappear to?" because he disappeared into thin air and left us patiently (mostly) waiting for the bill.  We weren't in a huge hurry but we were done with dessert & didn't order coffee so we were ready to go.  Even with the service hiccup, this remains one of our favorite restaurants and we will definitely be back.  Flatbread, mussels, burger, cheesecake and two bourbon and cokes was ~$95 before tip.
<review# 1022,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2011,12/20/2011,194,334,3,6,2>I have been working on my endurance for half marathons and marathons since 2008.  Weekly during the spring, summer and fall, the group I am with trains on Saturdays and Edworthy Park for gradually increase our distance up until the upcoming marathon, to ensure that we are progressing gradually to our goal.Now that I have a few of these things under my belt, I am now trying to increase my "cardio" so I can do them a wee bit.... faster.  That's where Nose Hill Park comes into play.From the parking lot on Shaganappi, a group of determined women parked our vehicles and did a 7.67 km loop.  We walked from the parking lot along the ridge.  We then followed the ashphalt path down to the bottom of the hill, where we bumped into a parking lot with thankfully some public restrooms. :)Then, we took a thinner, rougher dirt path back up, up, up, up AND up, until we eventually reached the ashphalt path.Our miles per minute sunk like a stone, but let me tell you.... WHAT a workout!  In the city, I have done the Memorial Stairs my share of times, but you can't beat the scenery of the moutains along the ridge of Nose Hill Park when you are looking west.It sure was nice to have something pretty to look at, when I finally reached the top, and I needed a minute or two to catch my breath, before proceeding back to ashphalt heading back to the parking lot.This is a well maintained park, with lots of people to say hello to as you pass them.  However, it was not so busy that it was distracting or tough to get my workout done.If you are looking for an alternative to Memorial Stairs for cardio training, consider Nose Hill Park!
<review# 1023,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/12/2011,12/19/2011,65,135,4,3,2>Ever since I moved to Calgary, I wondered what these two guys really represented for Stephen Ave.  I know there are lots of business men (and women) that cruise down this street everyday, so maybe this sculpture is here to remind them to do business in a face-to-face manner... I don't know, it's all up to interpretation.Either way, I've had a number of photo-ops on this spot, especially when I am showing around people from outside of Calgary - there's lots of statues downtown ready for this kind of fun!  So, I encourage you to stop by, have a look or a discussion about it, and then take some silly photos with your friends.. and then explore the rest of downtown Calgary, there's lots of fun to be found!
<review# 1024,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2011,12/18/2011,11,53,4,4,4>Ah, who does not love Crave Cupcakes? The butter cream icing is splendid. I remember one time taking a good hour to finish off my cupcake because of how filling it was, then again another time I was pretty hungry and I downed it faster than I probably should have.I remember seeing the price and thinking "HOH!" but in a way, it's justifiable. Yes, you could go to your local grocery store and buy half a dozen cupcakes there for half the price, but those cupcakes are likely to be a couple days old, are smaller, and don't have the same quality that Crave does. The location is pretty good too, as a local business it is set up in an area full of lesser known, and, I believe, local businesses. Service has been pretty good to. Sometimes I wish it was open longer hours. I also wish that if you went later in the day that they had more variety.I wonder... if they're baked fresh every morning, what happens to the cupcakes left over at night? Do staff members get to take it home? Hm, if so, I need to apply for a job!
<review# 1025,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/23/2011,12/17/2011,45,205,2,5,3>This is a small, no frills massage/health clinic. I go to Amber for massage. I don't go for relaxation but rather pay her to get deep in to my knots until I want to puke or my limbs turn numb. Yes, I ask for this on purpose, and yes, I feel like I've had the crap beaten out of me the next day. However, a couple days later, I always feel amazing. Amber is very professional and knowledgable therapist, one of the best I've visited ( and I've tried out a lot) They also offer acupuncture and have a naturopath on site. Can't wait for my next session.
<review# 1026,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2011,12/16/2011,15,66,4,14,6>Many writers have missed the main fare of this restaurant even though they all agree this place is a well kept secret among Indo-Pakistani restaurants. I recommend that you leave the idea of pizza or donair at the door the next time you visit, none of them being Pakistani food, and try the best masalas and tikkas you have every tried.First and foremost this restaurant is a Pakistani one. That means curry, tandoori chicken, seekh, tikka, and mouth watering masalas, not donair or kebab rolls. You will not find better food at any Indian or Pakistani restaurant in the city, just ones that charge more, some much more.My personal favourite is the Goat Karahi, which is chunks of goat on the bone simmered in a moderately spiced masala and served in a karahi (iron wok) at your table. Accompanied with Naan or Roti and Tarka Daal and you have a traditional Pakistani dinner just the way they eat it in Lahore. The meat literally falls off of the bone when you pick it up with your bread. Eat like they do, leave the knives and forks at the end of your table. A spoon is acceptable if you order rice; nobody uses a fork for rice in India or Pakistan except to push it on to the spoon.The Chicken Tikka is always well spiced and oh so tender. When ordering Karahi Chicken do not order the boneless. Traditional Karahi is served on the bone and uses thigh or leg which have enough residual fat to keep it from drying out. That they do best. The boneless uses breast which dries out and becomes stringy.Butter chicken is not Pakistani food so if you expect an authentic experience, then I recommend this item not be ordered.The grilled lamb chops are equally fabulous as the Goat Karahi.For those who want food the way it is served in South Asia, then this place is one of only four or five in the city that do it properly. This and one other (Mirchi) are the only ones that are centrally located. Forget the trendy Downtown and Kensington establishments; their prices are high, the portions small, and not prepared using traditional recipes (i.e. not authentic). The Mirchi on 12 Ave. SW is the lone exception but is slightly more expensive than Prime Tandoor.
<review# 1027,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2011,12/15/2011,116,106,,3,7>An update to my experience at Melrose:After a crummy night at the Libertine Public House (see my Yelp review here: yelp.ca/biz/libertine-pu ), I just wanted to mention a really cool thing that Melrose did for me.Long story short, we had bad service at the Libertine, with our server being inattentive, and/or forgetful.  I had arrived around 8 p.m. hungry, and had placed an order for a BBQ Chicken flatbread.  An hour later, the food never came, so my friends and I decided to leave for Melrose instead.  I had asked for the bill as at that point, I just wanted to leave, when I noticed that the flatbread wasn't even on it (good thing too since they never gave it to me in the first place, or they could have just plan forgot to run it through.  I'm not sure which, but either way, I left the establishment hungry).I had tweeted a little bit about my misadventure in trying to procure sustenance from the Libertine (I didn't name them directly, although those who were paying attention to my Twitter feed would have noticed that I checked in on Yelp there), and I guess the folks at Melrose were paying attention because when I arrived at Melrose, they had a BBQ Chicken pizza waiting for me, complements of them.  Being after 10 p.m. at this point, I was very, very grateful as I was so hungry.I've had nothing but pleasant experiences at Melrose, and the staff try their hardest to ensure that their patrons are well taken care of.  If you ever have a bad experience at Melrose, don't complain, instead, just let them know (politely, of course).  They'll do their best to make things right, even if it's trying to correct a mistake of one of their competitors.So yes, Melrose gets an enthusiastic 5 star from me and have earned my loyalty for a while to come now, thanks to this simple gesture they did after a bad night elsewhere.28/30
<review# 1028,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/24/2011,12/14/2011,47,97,,1,2>Food: 3.5/5Atmosphere: 3/5Service: 3/5Overall experience: 3/5(1- Terrible; 3- decent; 5- Fantastic)If you're looking for a place for great soups and sandwiches, this is definitely the place to go! I haven't heard of this place before until one of my friends took me here. The decor is a little confusing with mismatched things here and there, but you get a sense of wholesomeness as you sit down to eat or sip coffee.When Lazy Loaf & Kettle isn't catering, they serve a variety of breakfast items (french toast, pancakes, omelets, granola), sandwiches, soup, salads and deliciously tempting baked goods. Sandwiches start at around $7 and if you get a combo with a soup it will be around $11. A pretty PRICEY meal but definitely filling and fresh.Once you walk in, you can grab an order form for a sandwich with your choice of condiments, cheese, deli (ham, Montreal smoked meat, roast beef, turkey, tuna/wild salmon salad, vegetarian, egg salad), and veggies.I decided to try their special which happened to be a Turkey Melt (turkey, cheese, lettuce, mayo, tomato) on freshly baked cranberry bread with tomato dill soup. After ordering, you will be given a number and once it's ready servers bring it to your table. The sandwich was delicious! The bread was nicely toasted and the flavors melded perfectly together. The soup on the other hand didn't have enough dill and the texture was more like a marinara sauce which was off-putting.Overall, I love how fresh the sandwiches and soups are and the specials keeps things interesting. I just find that the sandwiches are too pricey to make me a repeat customer (plus it's out of my way). However, I suggest at least a visit if you are in the area to try their specials. If you're at the University and have some time to kill it's also a great place to visit for a quick lunch.
<review# 1029,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2011,12/13/2011,310,796,4,9,7>Dare I share one of my ulimate family secrets... ok ok ok.... this filipino bakery is a must haunt.  Tucked at a kind of unglamorous mall in the northeastern recesses of the city, Melly's bakery is worth the incredible affordable pricing and most of all the baked goods.This must be my family's 10 birthday order here, we are talking ube cake which first of all is the color purple layered with fresh coconut layers, all very light and incredibly yummy.I just ordered a 45 dollar cake that fed around 80 people at my store anniversary.It doesnt stop there, they have meringue, cookies, ube, mango, flan, and on and on and on.  All this incredible goodness at low pricing points in a humble little bakeshop.  The owner or whomever served me was so gracious and kind... I tell you , you got to try it. Melly's!
<review# 1030,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2011,12/12/2011,130,261,4,9,7>The Plaza Theatre is easily my favourite place to spend an entire afternoon.Not only am I a fan because their film selection is impeccable, but also because I am in love with their community involvement. I can't even count the number of films or events I've attended at the Plaza. All of the best films I've seen in theatres, I've seen at the Plaza.I have also attended countless lectures and nerdfest's here- "The Bicycle Thief" on 35 mm, a few consecutive weeks of Japanese films and lectures from my favourite film professor...as well as festivals such as CIFF, Fairytales....and most recently the People's Poetry festival put on a double feature of "Ladies and Gentleman...Mr. Leonard Cohen," and "Howl," based on Allen Ginsberg's epic. As a film nerd, and possessing a degree in English Lit, I have to say that The Plaza Theatre appeals to my senses in every way. Soon, they are also hosting an event in the first week of October which is a multi-arts gala of Calgarian artists, musicians, poets, etc, called "Fragments," which I am looking extremely forward to. Additionally, I attended a showing of "The Cove" last year in support of an animal conservation non profit. I also die of happiness whenever they decide to have a Coen brothers week or something of the like.I just don't have enough good things to say about the Plaza. It's charming as all hell; from the old timey-ness of its single theatre, to the bathrooms with posters plastered everywhere. Plaza, je t'aime.
<review# 1031,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2011,12/11/2011,429,445,5,8,6>I love eating here when I have no qualms about dropping $25 on lunch just for me. That might not seem like a lot to some, but when I was 13; $25 a week was my allowance. That was the full amount if I didn't get docked for things like not washing dishes or whaling on my little brother. When I started earning my own money, I tried living on a lunch budget of $25 a week and that doesn't stretch very far when even fast food places get you for $8 per visit. Hello, learning to be a decent cook!Never mind the price. Sitting in the middle of an art gallery while eating a panini you watched the chef lovingly prepare for you (and come up with on the spot, since they don't have vegan paninis on the menu), sipping on an Italian soda and watching foot traffic go by the window just makes you feel fancy as hell. Even if you rolled in wearing a white t-shirt, jeans and scrubby Chucks that have seen better days. The great thing about the menu is that a lot of it is organic and/or locally sourced. A couple of years ago, I went here for a friend's wedding reception and the buffet they offered was impeccable. Something amazing and delicious for everyone! So if you're having a bad day, or feel like being swank for no reason at all, or just want to shove an amazing panini in your face; come to the Vue Café.
<review# 1032,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2011,12/10/2011,57,118,3,3,4>Oh Crave,  Why must you be so sweet and delicious?After a long day in the office, I was driving home when my tummy grumbled!! Not the normal grumble when it grumbles when your hungry for anything, but a different grumble....a craving for cupcake grumble!!  Immediately, I thought that I needed a cupcake! Instead of going straight home, I kept driving...I could taste the peanut butter cupcake.....now the strawberry one....now the red velvet, OH!!  Then! it starts raining..... oh great, this better be well worth it! -_-Finally I arrive at Crave, the smell of the cupcakes and the look of them are amazing..they're so pretty!  Initially, I only wanted to get one cupcake, because if i get more that only means that I eat them all..So I keep admiring the cupcakes and can't just choose one, so I get half a dozen.  (oh man, all the calories and sweet sweet goodness in my tummy) I chose the Peanut butter, Strawberry, Vanilla, Signature, Chocolate and Red Velvet.  I usually like getting the cupcake of the month but they were out, but I'm still happy!While the lady was putting the ribbon on the container, we were chatting when she told me that they're opening another Crave in Saskatoon, Saskatwean.  COOL!  They're expanding their chain and it will be good for them!Of course after I left, I couldn't wait til home so I indulged in the Red Velvet in the car.  People probably thought I was weird because I was stuffing my face with cupcake, pausing and MMMMMing.All in all, Crave Cupcake is a very pleasant place to stop by when you're craving cupcakes or other sweets.  The reason for the 4/5 star is that the cake is up and down, there are days when they're moist, and days when they're dense.  The icing is always brilliant though! People think its too sweet, but too sweet is perfect for me! :)
<review# 1033,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2011,12/9/2011,14,65,,5,3>I went to Riverside for pedicures with my Mom and Sis for Mothers Day. We have been going to Oasis for the past few years, but I was a bit late in making a reservation this year, so we tried Riverside. I'm not sure why it's so hard to find a spa in this city that can accommodate three people together for a pedi? Anyways, I found Riverside on Google and they met the criteria of fitting three people in one space, so I decided to give it a try. What a treat! The atmosphere in the spa is soothing. There is a nice shower and steam room in the change room, tea and cookies in the waiting room, and the robes are very plush. The pedicure area faces towards Edworthy park, so you are looking at some of the town homes and the green space, and you get plenty of natural light. The chairs have vibration, roller and heating options. The warm neck wrap was a pleasant surprise. They have a large selection of polish colors. The clay wrap was a nice touch, and the black cherry cream smelled amazing. Highly recommend the spa for pedicures, I will definitely be back for another!
<review# 1034,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/1/2011,12/8/2011,67,141,5,6,5>Small menu, but quality eats. I had the turkey sandwich and my date had a Reuben. I preferred the turkey sandwich, but that's because I don't really like Montreal Smoked meat. My main complaint is the price. Two sammys and drinks came to $32 for lunch - a little steep for a sammy lunch in my opinion. Also,  on a bit of a tangent - we went to another deli in Marda Loop a few months ago, that is exactly the same - I had the chicken pesto sandwich there and my date had the grilled cheese. While we were eating at Myrhe's Deli we were talking about how we had already had this before, hadn't we? But looking it up I think the place in Marda loop is called "Avenue Deli". Its exactly the same: same menu, same slaw, same pickle, same chips.... A quick look at Myrhe's website reveals that it must be. On the bottom of the page, there are links for: Belmont Diner, Avenue Deli ,Chuckwagon Cafe, Galaxie Diner and Island Cruising. I imagine that they are all connected/related!  Makes more sense now - also makes sense that Belmont diner is well known for their smoked meat breakfast dishes. Actually, their website is pretty awesome, you should take a peak. I also learned that the meat they use is supplied by Montreal-based Quebec Smoked Meats...and that concludes my trivia tangent!
<review# 1035,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2011,12/7/2011,266,478,7,7,5>I've been here a few times during my hipster era (if there ever was such a thing), when hookah smoking took presidence over mutual fund investing.  Europe's crashing in a big ball of fire and any money I try to put away seems to disappear into thin air. Time to go back to Sheesha smoking and here to hoping they put something a little "special" in there.Aside from this Cafe Med is where I've had my first Sheesha experience. They were really friendly and made the experience quite fun, where most places just shove the hot pipe contraption in front of your face and leave you to figure out what to do with the strange hose hovering in front of you.They offer a myriad of herbal shisha flavours (herbal only because Calgary bylaws restrict the use of tobacco) but what I loved about Cafe Med is their menu.They offer the BEST garlic cheese pizza in the city. Period. I've had it several times over the years and its been consistently delicious. They have great tea/coffee selections and I highly recommend the Egyptian hot tea. My friend's have had their falafels and dips and also raved about it.Cafe Med has a great cozy setting that makes for a great place to stealaway into during the day. I remember coming here during the day when I participated in the 3 day novel because I was going insane locked away for 48 hours in my room and managed to work up the mental momentum to go the stretch into finishing my contest entry.10/30
<review# 1036,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2011,12/6/2011,51,42,2,6,3>There a few things that I really like about breakfast.#1 That it is served after noon#2 It's delicious#3 It's a great priceTilted grill has hit all three and to add a bonus to my list, FANTASTIC SERVICE and a FANTASTIC PATIO!The day I was there they had a great special. A Mexican style scramble wrap with bacon, cheese and homemade pi-co de gallo. Served with hash browns and toast. All for $10.This left me with enough money to split an order of Red Velvet Pancakes!OMG!! There is a reason that Tilted Grill was the first place winner in the 'Mission Pancake Showdown'These pancakes are like eating the most delicious cupcake. Even Crave doesn't do it this well!The pancakes are red velvet topped with icing, cream cheese dollops, in house candied pecans, and lightly dusted with powdered sugar. Of course a side of syrup completes the look.3 stacked pancakes, all for $7... ridiculous!I finished off my meal with a mimosa. Fresh squeezed OJ with a splash of bubbled. Unbelievable!So my verdict... 5 stars based on the pancakes alone. If you don't try these you are totally missing out.
<review# 1037,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2011,12/5/2011,67,339,,8,4>A group of us went here for the first time today and we were all impressed!That Schnitzel Place has a great selection of schnitzelly good sandwiches. The sandwiches are all priced the same and you choose the type of meat (or portobello mushroom for veggie loving folks) and then select a topping "theme". Each topping theme has a combination of fresh veggies and sauces which are paired perfectly. Portions are good. I think we tried just about every sandwich type and everyone had great things to say about their choice. The schnitzel itself was beautifully fresh and crispy-and not greasy at all which was nice.They also have soup and other sides like potato salad. The soup comes in a meal size or a perfectly portioned side size-a great addition to the sandwich.The counter staff were friendly and prompt. One of our party members had a small mistake with her sandwich. Not only were they quick to fix it, they also came by later with a voucher for her next meal. Great to see good customer service.I will definitely be going back there!
<review# 1038,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2011,12/4/2011,27,113,,7,2>Since we have moved, we decided to look for a new vet closer to our new place. We wanted one that would have emergency capabilities, so in case there was a 2am emergency, they would have all his history on file as needed. Our other criteria was for it to be a private clinic.My first visit here was because of our foster dog, so not up to us. The vet was extremely friendly and kind, and just great with our shy foster. After this visit, I thought we would give them a try as our own vet clinic for our dog.His first visit was for a sprained leg. The vet was so nice, and explored all options for us and our dog. The staff was all great. 2 days later, they did a follow-up call to find out how he was doing.  The vet-tech gave some great over the phone advice.We're very happy with making them our new vet. A great family-owned business that also helps local rescues.
<review# 1039,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2011,12/3/2011,11,32,,4,4>Because I live quite close to Crowfoot, I will usually make occasional visits down to either Sushi Boat or Sakana Grill when I'm in dire need of sushi.  Although I absolutely love sushi with a burning passion, I by no means am a total expert at identifying the quality of the sushi.  As long as the sashimi isn't dried up or has that particular slimy texture when its borderline rotting; and as long as rolls are intact, and the food taste good, then I'm not overly picky.  Sakana Grill has been established in the Crowfoot location for a number of years.  Although I have been a somewhat faithful customer, this location unfortunately suffered low reviews over the previous years due to management, hiring of staff and, lower food quality.  Trust me, I was one of those customers who experienced not the best service too.  However do not let prior experiences or even past negative reviews deter you, as Sakana Grill has dramatically improved.Whether there was a change in management, or perhaps it is the new competition that entered the northwest region of Calgary (Kinjo in Dalhousie), I have found a marked improvement at Sakana.  Over the past few months of this year I dined here on 3 or 4 separate occasions - and every time I experienced exceptional customer service and had a lovely time there.  The menu has expanded a great deal where it now offers specialty sushi rolls, and an array of new appetizers where it is fit for all types of people, whether sharing or not.  The staff has also upped their game where they are always energetic and upbeat, while at the same time extremely attentive.  What I found the most changed characteristic of Sakana, is their complimentary dishes of food and dessert offered to diners as well as free Pocky (but only for the ladies).  So it's a very lovely touch in chilling at the table while getting small samples of free food! The only thing I do find inconvenient is how they serve the sushi when you order it off the "checklist" - instead of serving each type of sushi on multiple plates, theu're altogether on one plate.  Its not an issue, just inconvenient as it can be confusing identifying your sushi to someone else's when their on the other end the table.  However I guess it makes the most sense instead of having a stack of towering dishes all over the table.And as a last note to all reviewers: my review does not extend to the chicken or beef teriyaki, or the yakisoba dishs as I am unable to eat those items on the menu...so I don't know how it tastes, but it looks good.
<review# 1040,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2011,12/2/2011,52,263,2,5,4>This place is definitely unique! We came here to see the wonderful band that plays on Fridays (Vagabond Blonde - look 'em up for some slick, jazzy tunes!) and a late evening meal. The live music was hands down the best part. The food was reasonably priced but not great. We split some nachos and the cheese was somehow gritty and the chicken tasted like it was that pre-formed and pre-cooked stuff you get at the grocery store. My friend had a salad and it was just iceberg lettuce and some dressing... nothing special. Maybe next time I would have some of their comfort food which sounded quite nice (bangers and mash is a favourite of mine and I saw that they offered it... maybe next time).  The atmosphere is really cool, they serve Wild Rose beer, and the band totally rocks the house on Friday nights!!! I would go again for sure.
<review# 1041,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2011,12/1/2011,305,278,4,6,4>MMMMMM dessert house.This great spot used to be across the street in the corner strip mall starting out with 5 tables, then 8, then 10. Now they are in a much roomier space but there are still line ups on Fri-Sat nights!The atmosphere is a lot more sterile than it used to be, but not much of the essentials have changed. STILL the best spot for fresh fruit drinksSTILL the best spot for taiwanese light snacks (fish balls, rice sheets, cuttlefish, noodles)STILL the best spot for chinese dessert (taro tapioca, stewed papaya, steamed milk, black seasame pudding)STILL the same grumpy face aunt who can't seem to care about what you are saying......but I have to admit, SHE ALWAYS GETS IT RIGHT. And who else can be bothered to roll their own sticky rice balls anymore? Yes, that is right, they serve the sweets that traditional chinese homes makes! It's a dieing form of dessert!The quality of food here hails in comparison to any other place, since there isn't a wide variety to begin with. But any other place that has tried has never lived up to the deliousness Dessert house is known for.
<review# 1042,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/10/2011,11/30/2011,19,17,,3,2>I've been hunting for the perfect bowl of Pho since moving to Calgary and Basil is it. The broth is flavourful, the amount of meat and other ingredients they put in the bowl are plentiful too.  I always order the PH1 or the PH2, the Beef Sate or Chicken Sate Pho.  Vietnamese cooking is always focused on the  Umami and Basil gets it right with their food. The flavour balance is always spot on and the spice level is at just the right amount to make you go wow, that's spicey, but not so much as to become overwhelming so all you taste is the chili. Of course, if you're a real chili head, they include a potent chili pepper on the side of the dish should you want to kick it up a notch. Another favourite dish of mine is the grilled pork chop topped with a fried egg.  Fantasic dish, great flavour combo.It's become my go to place for whenever I get the craving for Vietnamese.9/30
<review# 1043,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/10/2011,11/29/2011,28,35,,5,3>Glenbow is a Calgary institution. With its constantly-evolving visiting exhibits - bringing creative, experimental and unique works from across the spectrum to YYC - and beautifully-curated in-house collection - including the largest collection of Pop Art in Canada - Glenbow offers Calgarians and visitors with a veritable smorgasbord of art, history and culture.In addition to their exhibits, the museum hosts a plethora of lectures, films and events - including the always fantastic launch parties - to sate any appetite. It's the perfect way to spend a Saturday or, until December 23rd, a Friday evening. Do get an annual pass and do visit often. Note: Until December 23, 2011, Glenbow is offering "Half price Friday nights" from 5 to 8pm.
<review# 1044,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2011,11/28/2011,62,103,5,2,2>Let me preface this by saying that I am not a Pho snob, so my expectations when going out for Vietnamese are pretty open ended.I dropped by here with two really good looking ladies on a Tuesday night. We were all really, really hungry.The place was deader than Michael Jackson and a nice (but very quiet) hostess showed up and told us we could sit wherever we want. I like that kind of choice. I find it empowering. We grabbed a booth near the back and dove into their menu.The decor is pretty cheesy, but endearing. The place was really clean. There are big neon signs that say "enjoy your meal" and the windows have neon lights too. I'm partial to neon, so that was a big hit. The gorgeous ladies I was with didn't seem to share my enthusiasm for them.I had Vermicelli, Shredded Pork, Not-Shredded Pork and Spring Rolls. The food arrived shortly - a big, steaming bowl of delicious noodles, meat, sprouts, all kinds of   vietnamese wonders. I doused that bad boy in hot sauce, whatever the heck that brown sauce is and to top it off - the fish sauce.  I began shoving it in my face enthusiastically.The spring rolls were great. The pork was great. The noodles were noodley. I got way more fish sauce than the incredibly good looking ladies did, but that's okay. They didn't seem to mind.My non-existant expectations were met. I'd go here again, probably under similar circumstances. I hear this place gets packed out at lunch times, so maybe the service is bad then.But as one of three groups in the restaurant, we were treated pretty well - minus the fact that for some reason they didn't bring us water; only tea. I mean, hold the phone for a second. Giving your patrons water is pretty much par the course for every single restaurant in the world, isn't it? Not getting water isn't enough to make me hate a place, and it came when we asked for it.One of my extremely attractive lady friends voiced her concern that her satay pho was not actually very spicy at all. We debated the physics of hot sauce and whether it was all settling on the bottom, but then decided we didn't really care; she just wished it was spicier. Well, she's pretty spicy herself, so I can see how she would demand a spicy dish equivalent. Did I mention I went to dinner with multiple good looking women? Probably. But that's not the point of this review.Anyways, if you're hungry for Viet on a Tuesday, this place is worth dropping into. Bring your hot friends.
<review# 1045,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/13/2011,11/27/2011,54,95,,5,3>Vie Cafe is located inside Market 17 in the Casel Marche building, and I am totally in love with this place. Not only do I love everything about Market 17, having this delicious little cafe inside makes my trips to the market amazing. It has quickly become a habit on mine to wonder on over to the cafe early Saturday and Sunday mornings for their fresh out the oven baked items...I mean who doesn't love a warm fresh croissant! The have a great selection of coffees and teas to suit anyones tastes, but make sure you pair it with one of their many baked goods! If you can't find me on weekend mornings, this is where I'll be!My favourite quality about this cafe, it's all local! Do your part and support local!
<review# 1046,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/26/2011,11/26/2011,61,55,2,6,2>My husband and I were married here. We opted to get married here, in charming Inglewood, in a beautiful old church that requires no decoration, instead of getting married in an Evangelical rec-room/sanctuary at a new church with grey carpet and burgundy banquet chairs. And guess what? It was cheaper too.We didn't decorate the church in any way. Nothing. It was beautiful and simple and exactly us. The church admin and pastors were great. They let us bring in our own pastor and they provided someone who ran the sound perfectly. A great experience.
<review# 1047,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2011,11/25/2011,88,230,2,4,3>I came here one night for Kaeleigh's co-worker's birthday party. Actually, they share the same birthday, which is kind of cool!We joined the group just after they had started their appetizers, but our friendly and professional server came over and got us some drinks. As the designated driver, I stuck to virgin margaritas, but mmm were they good! Very refreshing on a hot evening. I tasted the boozy ones (just a sip!), and they were equally as tasty.Kaeleigh and I split a plate of nachos - they were different than any I'd had anywhere else. They tasted fresh and not nearly as greasy as nachos usually do. There were tons of different flavours, and I enjoyed all of them.Everyone's food looked delicious; I'd like to go here again for a full meal to really get a good feeling for it. The interior is beautiful, simple and they have a cute bar that looks like a great place to sit and have a drink.
<review# 1048,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/13/2011,11/23/2011,31,136,4,7,6>You know those stores that seem to have something for everybody? Those stores that you can walk in with a big group of people of all different tastes and interests, and everybody will leave with an experience that put a smile on their face?Well sadly, Sentry Box is definitely NOT one of them.Yeah, this is a total niche market store, catering almost exclusively to a level of nerd-dom that almost assures most of it's clientelle spent many an afternoon inside a locker in their youth. But if you're one of those people, this place might as well have big pearly gates and a floor made of clouds.Essencially the idea of Sentry Box is catering to the world of role playing, trading card, and certain niche board games. (We're not talking Scrabble or Operation here.) and if you're into that kinda thing there's a 90% chance this place has what you're looking for, most likely organizes playing sessions for you meet others of "your kind", and undoubtably have the most knowledgable and (usually) friendly staff you could ever hope to find.Take myself for example. In high school, I got sucked into a trading card game that I hadn't played since... but after looking at a few cards of the latest expansion set, my curiosity was peaked, so I headed down to Sentry and into the lower level to the card desk. At the time, they had a tournament going on and the sole employee of this department was catering to one of the largest gatherings of players in the city WHILE running the desk by himself. He still found time to answer all of my naive, rookie-like questions, give me a bunch of great advice on how to get started back (I gave away all my cards when I gave up the game the first time), and gathered every item from their stock he thought might interest me and laid them all out on the counter for me to peruse at my leisure. I've been to a number of stores that handled these kinds of games over the years, and NEVER recieved that kind of service.Now, as for pricing I can't really speak for the rest of the store, but as for the cards department I can say this much. If you're buying in small ammounts you'll pay pretty much what you would anywhere else... however, I've found that if you buy in the bigger product packs you will actually save a few bucks. It's much, but it's still a plus for 'The Box'All in all, if you play these kind of games and haven't been to TSB... go. If you don't? Drop by and check it out if you're in the area. It's still a really cool store in a fascinating building that I can only describe as a library of all things nerd. Just don't expect to do a lot of shopping.
<review# 1049,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2011,11/22/2011,59,52,,4,4>Mmmmm mmmm my tummy is satisfied.  I went to Shikiji for lunch today.  It's a great place for a hot bowl of Japanese ramen on such a cold day.  I like the Japanese interior design.  I found it's very nifty.  Yup, my friend and I went crazy today at lunch.  We ordered 2 appetizers (taki yaki and small assorted tempura) and 1 California rolls on top of our big bowl of noodles (Chili Goma Ramen).  This was my first time trying their Chili Goma Ramen.  Thanks to my friend for the recommendation!  It was de-lic-ious!  I really love how flavorful the soup base is.  Also my first time trying their taki yaki (which is octopus balls), it was ok.  It does smell and taste a bit too fishy, so if you don't like fishy stuffs, don't get this appetizer.  Also I found that there are too much batter, so I am not a big fan of that either.  There are 6 octopus balls for one order.  Pretty good size for an appetizer for a group of 3 to 6 people.  The waiter we had was in training.  He was attentive and polite.  Actually I have always had good experience with Shikiji, so I am not surprised that the waiter-in-training is good.
<review# 1050,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/19/2011,11/21/2011,83,367,2,5,3>As a certified meet eating (craving) Calgarian who does not in fact like many vegetables, one would think I might never make in to a vegan restaurant. But there I was, Friday night, decked out in my leathers and chowing down on delicious vegan fare! And it was my idea! And I was the one who suggested it! I may have lasted as a vegetarian back in the day if places like this had been there to keep me on the vegetables path. When we sat down, I kind of pushed my jacket to the back, trying to camouflage my carnivorous proclivities from the socially conscious inhabitants and waitstaff. Fortunately, I wasn't outed and the service we received was excellent. First we sat in Meet, the lounge area. I lol'd at the double entendre, no lies here. After sucking back some vegan cocktails with the delicious and full of real fruit Party Bowl (I think that is what it was called), we moved onto the grub. We knocked back some simple deliciouses, proving once and for all that as long as food is tasty and I am not aware of the onions within, I will savour anything.I would definitely recommend the Coup for a delicious dinner to vegans and non-vegans alike. It is an opportunity to try something new and tasty. Clearly Calgary is in on the secret, as the place was packed.
<review# 1051,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2011,11/20/2011,190,342,2,8,4>I've only tried yoga twice before and have been disappointed and turned off to it before finding Breathe.  This studio is definitely different. Clean and looks great, doesn't smell and make you feel icky. The studio room is the perfect size - plenty of room to stretch out (not too large, or small). I tried their 1 week trial ($25 unlimited) and it was great!  Being that I don't know the poses their verbal instruction was pretty easy to follow.  And if you happen to have trouble with something, just raise a hand and they'll help you with your pose.  I attended Traditional, Restorative, and Ying Yang (these were challenging but managable as a beginner).   I felt welcomed and not judged.  Other nice things, they have filter water fountain available, give you cold towels at the end of each class, Floors (a squishy faux hardwood type), Friendly staff.
<review# 1052,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2011,11/19/2011,13,45,5,5,4>It's Quaint, Quiet and conversational.  The drinks, at first glance appear to be expensive but they are all doubles, and premium ones at that. Despite my lack of dentures, a hearing aid or a chrysler Concorde...I do enjoy a fine scotch from time to time. I had my finest here and have been back a few times when im in the area. I think that it's a perfect lil joint for a birthday party or small work gathering, a date, a barmitzvah or a briss. The staff were friendly, the MUSIC WAS SUPERB, location is walkable. It can be a wee bit non-descript due to lack of signage, which is also very esthetically pleasingchiggy check it
<review# 1053,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2011,11/18/2011,95,304,3,5,4>As far as all-you-can-eat goes, this place is pretty decent, and for the price you can't complain. When they offer oysters as well, it's about $28/person. I've been there a few times, and they never look impressed if you tell them you don't have reservations, so I definitely recommend making them. The parking, and building itself can be hard to find if you're driving and someone is behind you. If you're heading North on 14th, it'll be on your left in a building called "Campana Place" with a dental clinic. There is a little entrance to the parking space, but I've honestly always just parked in the residential down 6 avenue. The food is good quality, the sashimi is generous and they only limit the # of pieces per order, but you can keep on ordering which is nice. A MUST try is the grilled squid. So good, the sauce is amazing. I was not overly impressed with the rolls offered on the all you can eat platter, but like I said you can order copious amounts of sashimi and they do have some really good hot foods and kitchen foods. I'm not sure if he's the owner, but usually one of the chefs comes out and talks to the tables, asks what food they liked, which they didn't, specifically on one occasion he asked me how I liked the oysters because he had been testing out different suppliers and wanted to know if he should keep on ordering the type served that day. I was fairly impressed that they were gauging customer satisfaction like that. I've been there in big groups (8+) and small intimate dinners. Although it's a relatively small venue, it was accommodating for both types of occasions. My tea and water were always full so I can't complain about the service. It's usually been the same people every time I've visited. I have yet to sample their non AYCE but I figure if the AYCE was satisfying and good quality, the menu ordered items, which will normally amount to being more expensive, will be better quality. I was definitely impressed!
<review# 1054,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2011,11/17/2011,43,100,,5,3>When I walked in, the first thing that struck me was how cramped and dingy looking the space was. But as I walked through the aisles, I noticed that the produce was surprisingly fresh looking - probably because two women were in the back trimming vegetables and packaging them to neat little bundles. I was also digging the use of large stone pots for bulk beans and legumes. This grocery store carries things like pre-packaged snacks, spices, dried foods, frozen fish, kitchen items, ethnic produce, and large sacs of bulk peanuts - which are very yummy by the way.This isn't an elaborate ethnic grocery store like Lucky or T&T, but it does have a little bit of everything. One important tip: they only accept cash, so make sure you bring some!5/30
<review# 1055,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/12/2011,11/16/2011,55,116,3,5,2>So I finally got a chance to check this place out and I gotta say it was pretty decent! Now before I continue I just wanna say if you don't like cheesy bluesy piano "duals" (as they are called) then you might want to avoid coming here on certain nights! So the food was good, I tried the clam chowder (A little above average but a slight bit murky tasting), and pulled pork sandwich with a side of yam fries, and it was everything you would expect! nothing wrong with it but also I have had much better.It was a little over priced to (for what it was). I tried my buddies fish n chips, it was also pretty decent but again, nothing that blew me away. Now for me, I guess i have this idea that any place that calls itself a" bbq"  joint should have some kind of bbq item that makes you go "wow!! this is really really good" so I am judging by that standard but I will have to go back and try the ribs, the brisket and of  course the crab! The menu seems stretched! and also if a place does crab and bbq, it probably means that one or the other or even both, will suffer a drop in quality.So yeah I would say this place has a nice feel to it and delivers the goods! BUT i was a bit taken a back with the piano guys! Dont get me wrong the guys playing were actually quite talented players and singers but it was a little to loud for my taste (at least during eating time!) and we were as far away from the PA system as you could be!! I had quite a hard time having conversation with my buddies! It actually kind of annoyed me! ( mainly the volume and the song choice :s) I am a snob, yes it is true ! hahaha, If only they would have played some bruce hornsby!!! something like "spider fingers" that would have made my night!! They basically "hornsby- afied" every song they played from U2 to rolling stones! You know what!  just bring down the volume 20 db! We can still hear you fine guys! hahahaha Anyway props to the waitress who brought me a second bowl of clam chowder (on the house, probably just using the fat guy as a garberator!!! that chowder was gonna be dumped down the drain in a couple of hours anyway! hahaha)  Still a nice and appreciated gesture on her part! Check it out its a good decent place!
<review# 1056,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2011,11/15/2011,68,46,3,5,3>Time to unleash your inner child &/or turn your little ones loose!Tommy K Play is an amazing indoor wonderland, recently open in the far south yonder of Calgary.  A great indoor playground, with some fun additions - a Mission Impossible style laser maze & a roller race track.  Best of all, adults can play too (FREE!! even.)Their security setup is amazing.  They have monitors everywhere, so if you need a break from chasing the kiddos, you can plop yourselves at a table, or one of their comfy leather chairs while you enjoy free wireless or satellite tv, while still being able to keep track of those you're with.  It is very clean & as pleasant as an environment as one can expect from a child-centred recreational facility.  Definitely an easy way to pass a few comfortable hours on these dreary winter days we seem to be cursed with.  (Even my almost 11 year old loves it here!)A full service cafe is on site.  Prices are reasonable for the most part, with lots of healthy offerings for little ones.  Word of caution - the coffee was terrible enough that I have never worked up the nerve to order it again. No outside food & drinks either.Lockers! They have plenty.  Bring your own lock with you if you want to store things securely.
<review# 1057,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/25/2011,11/14/2011,37,59,3,6,4>Below are the stats.. 1. Appetizers - 4.5 stars ( were so good - we tasted vegetable cakes and I could visit this place again just for the appetizers and the cocktails)2. Drinks - 4.5 stars(tasted mango sling - that was a surprising, altogether in a big glass and tasty too)3. Main course - 2.5 - 3 stars.( not so tasty, the first taste of the food felt good but it was not maintained till the end , Nan was burnt a little more than necessary and had some burnt ashes too on it which spoiled the taste, lamb curry was not tasty too) 4. Place - 4 - 4.5 stars5. Service - 4 - 4.5 stars.6. Price - 3 stars ( expensive, not worth the price , they have happy hours too between 1pm and 5pm, should be worth trying during happy hours) As I am a foodie and the point I looked for was food. So I wanna rate it around 3.5 stars but i can only go with either 3 or 4 stars. Now I am going with 3 stars. May be if it can impress on my next visit then I would go with 4 stars.
<review# 1058,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/31/2011,11/13/2011,12,17,2,4,3>I recently attended the Calgary Zoo (during Boo at the Zoo)I really do love the zoo and everytime I go something different and unique happens. So here are my thoughts;It's a bit expensive, especially if you are going with a large group of people but I guess it's understandable as the money goes towards the animals. Really wish they had half day rates or cheaper days ...The zoo is generally very clean (with the exception of construction from time to time). Bathrooms were in great condition.I love that they have bottle/can recycling at every garbage can but I really wish they had paper recycling for all the maps they hand out...The only thing that bugs me is that often their signage is incorrect. So the animal that they say is in the enclosure is not the animal in the enclosure. The monkey signage was all wrong this time. So I wish they would be more on top of this.My fav exhibits are the tigers, snow leopards & lions because I am a cat lover. But I do love how close you are to the hippos!I am excited for the upcoming penguin exhibit!All in all the Calgary Zoo is perfect for a day with visiting family, for a date or something different to do with a friend while catching up. The nice part about the zoo is that is always provides you with a conversation so no awkward silent moments :)
<review# 1059,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2011,11/12/2011,162,32,5,5,3>For months and months I have been hearing about the ALLEYBURGER at Charcut.  Tweets, pics and videos have been posted as many of participated in this back alley ritual.  You Tube videos and mentions on mainstream news shows have given much exposure to this genious idea...  -post a tweet to let the public know that tonite it's "on", -wait for people to show, -then at the specified time open the back door to a restaurant that was named "Best New Restaurants of 2010 list for Where Canada",and sell their infamous burger in a bag for $5.I have been waiting for an opportunity to participate in this experience.  The day finally arrived.  Saw the tweet on Wed which announced that Alleyburgers would be available Thursday nite at 10:30pm.  Nothing in my calendar for Thurs nite...  yeah.Arrived at the back alley of Charcut at approx 9:20pm on Thursday nite.  With still over an hour before serving time, the line was already quite long, or at least it seemed so.  People continued to arrive...  the line formed and L-shape, and was well over 100 people before 10pm.  How many burgers would be available for sale? How many people would be turned away?  Would I actually get a burger?The staff of Charcut started their walk thru the line - selling tickets for $5 each.  Get a ticket = Get a burger.  HUGE sigh of relief as Connie took my $5 and give me a pick ticket.  Few minutes later, not far behind where Wendy & I were standing, we heard the groans as the last tickets were sold.  So many people turned away. The line started to move.  Once the back door opened everything happened quickly - it was obvious that the staff has done this many times. Tray with bags held by one person, another person took my pink ticket and gave me THE brown bag.You have no idea how much I wanted to bite into that burger - but first - needed a pic.  Reg took my camera and said he would take a pic of me - usually don't allow this, but tonite was an exception.  Realized after he took a picture of me taking a huge bite, that I didn't snap a photo of the BURGER itself.  Next time.I took a bite.  And it was as delish as every person has ever said.  The bun was fresh.  Not extra items on it (i like my burgers plain)...  just this amazing burger, cooked to perfection.Brad, a friend of a friend, a person that I have met once before, was one of the people that arrived to late to but a coveted pink ticket.  This was to good of a burger to not share.  Brad agreed - it was good.Whole experience was over so fast.  It's hours later, I have since had something else to eat...  however the taste of that burger lingers.  I can hardly wait to do it again...  soon.
<review# 1060,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2011,11/11/2011,165,224,2,12,8>Went there last night because I had the Dealfind voucher - and WOW!From the minute you walk in the place, you will be AWED by the interior of the restaurant! I thought I'd walked into a fancy restaurant in Europe! SO beautiful and grand!! Soaring high ceilings, ornate pillars, beautiful open kitchen. We were greeted promptly, and the hostess took my jacket (another gesture that I love).We were led to a table right along a glass door that was closed shut that day, but other times I think it leads to a patio. We looked at the patio and it looked so cute! Seriously, I almost forgot I was in Calgary.The waiter was a funny and charming Eastern European man, and he offered us 2 tiny pieces of salmon bruschetta. I enjoyed the little samplers very much. (Whoever is complaining that it is too tiny - seriously? You get cute little samplers as a gesture of goodwill, and you complain, instead of being appreciative? Get over yourselves.) With my waiter and the sommelier's help we chose a wine. We then ordered a feast - appetizers, main meals and dessert. We were expecting tiny portions, as this looked like a very upscale place, but were pleasantly surprised.Our appetizer - bison tartare - was a perfect size. It was EASILY big enough for two, and my bf and I are hefty eaters. It was delicious too. Then came the main meal. My lobster cannelloni was HEAVENLY. I took one bite and couldn't believe how good it was. I am usually not a fan of pasta at all, but I gave it a shot anyway because this was an Italian restaurant. And I am SO happy I did! I was blown away! Also, the portion sizes were HUGE! I ate half my dish and was already pretty full. My bf's Duck Magret with green polenta was also divine. So tasty, so well flavoured, and such a good portion too! We tasted each other's dishes and loved both! We wiped our plates clean and were STUFFED. Once again, trust me, we both have pretttyy big appetites, so believe me when I say they have good portions. We still ordered dessert because well - I had to taste it. We had the Tasting of Creme Brulees - 3 small ramekins of chocolate, vanilla and orange creme brulee. Omg - Decadent. I tried a bit of all 3, but was so stuffed I couldnt try any more. My bf finished the rest.We were so incredibly pleased with everything! When we were paying, we felt a bit awkward taking out our voucher at such a great restaurant, but the waiter just took it without making us feel uncomfortable at ALL! We paid the difference on the bill and left feeling extremely satisfied and pleased! True this is a pricey place, but you have to treat yourselves once in a while. And when you do treat yourself pr a special someone on a big occasion, Teatro should be at the forefront of your consideration. The food is top notch, the service even better, and the atmosphere is the best I have had the pleasure of experiencing in Calgary up until now.
<review# 1061,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2011,11/10/2011,13,27,4,7,6>There is no better place to go for late night eats than Harbour City!  Home to possibly the best Chinese food in Calgary, I have been to this place many a time and never been disappointed.  Oh do I ever love consistency.Stand out dishes include ginger chicken, satay beef, Shanghi noodles, special fried rice and cream corn soup.  Added together and you get a night long steady assault on your taste buds.  The service is right down to business, in and out, with the dishes all of a sudden layed out before you.  And thats to say the same thing for the decor...nothing fancy but who cares when your given a quality meal.Also a great place to have large gatherings.  I'm pretty sure if someone asks me where to go for Chinese I would say Harbour City without even thinking about it!  Cheers!
<review# 1062,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2011,11/9/2011,40,81,9,5,3>OMFG Bacon-y Deliciousness! (if it's not obvious, this review is based on the Bacon Storm sandwich aka Bacon Foodgasm)First of all, let's be clear about my love of bacon.  Bacon is my muse, my raison d'etre, the meaty yardstick against which all other foods are measured.  Friends have sent me bacon lip balm in the mail, bring bacon instead of wine when coming over for dinner, and have brought me bacon popcorn back from progressive nations like Brazil.  Bacon highlights in my life include having bacon delivered to me while in the shower, perfecting the bacon chocolate chip cookie, and THIS SANDWICH.Now, I will be honest, I had the opportunity to try out BlamWich when I made my glorious return to the professional lawn bowling circuit this past summer and instead I walked across the street and bought a sandwich at Spolumbo's.  For the love of bacon, do not make this mistake.  The Bacon Storm isn't your typical BLT.  Lovingly placed in a fresh, soft roll is a fresh tomato, crunchy lettuce, a fantastic garlic aioli, and TWO types of bacon (regular and Canadian).  Your first bite of the sandwich brings with it a euphoria in which you believe that anything is possible.While eating the sandwich I alternated between extreme happiness and tearful sadness that one of the most delicious things I have ever had, was slowly disappearing into my expanding belly.  It was a bittersweet moment when the sandwich was over, but fear not, BlamWich drives around spreading bacon-y love throughout our fair city!Do yourself a favor and eat this sandwich. Yes, it's big, but don't get talked into sharing. Your friendship is not worth risking over the inevitable fight that will ensue over who gets the last bite.
<review# 1063,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2011,11/8/2011,98,157,4,5,5>It wouldn't be often that a place where you end up waiting an hour and 15 minutes to get a table gets a solid four stars ... but UNA deserves it!The pizza is great. Simple, clean flavours.Had both the Bianca (buffalo mozza, basil puree, EVOO) and the Margherita. Both were excellent in their simplicity although the Margherita could have maybe used a bit more cheese.Had the Potato pizza as well (potatoes, provalone piccante and truffled honey). The flavours were spot on, although somewhat too "potatoey." I think if the potatoes were slightly thinner, it would be a much better balance. The potato was just too prominent over the other ingredients.Also had the Salt Cod Brandade and the Patatas Bravas ... both were greater starters/sides and good value!If you can weave through the packed "graphic-t-wearing," "smart-glasses" crowd, the atmosphere is quite romantic and fun. I will definitely be back here on a date! :)
<review# 1064,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/31/2011,11/7/2011,25,81,,10,7>Some of the best Chinese food I ever ate! WOW did this place blow my socks off. We went out for dinner here the other night under the impression I was going to eat the best ginger beef ever and you know what? It was sensational!Not only was this ginger beef tender and full of flavour I could actually bite properly into it. The sauce was light and not to thick and there was just enough on the beef. I really hate when my food is swimming in sauce. What a treat.We ordered the dinner for two. I thought it was reasonably priced around $28 for Spring Rolls, Won Ton soup, Chicken Fried Rice, Ginger beef and mixed veg. I found every dish to be made very well and the Won Tons were amazing. I'm pretty sure I could have eaten them all to myself. We also ordered a side of Salt and pepper squid which was also very tender and cooked perfectly. Lightly battered not over cooked and just the right amount of salt and pepper on top.If I lived in this area I would probably be here all the time chowing down on different dishes from the menu. I can say my quest for satisfying Chinese food has been filled.I felt full but not heavy like I sometimes feel after I eat a meal from certain places. The portions were fair not too big and not too small. We still ended up with leftovers even though we went on empty stomachs. I will have to go again!We reheated the rice yesterday and I still tasted just as good and the rice didn't get dry and hard like it sometimes does from other places.Also for you yelpers this place is a bit hidden. We got a bit lost trying to find it. It is tucked at the back of a building in a sort of strip mall type building. A good fair amount of parking at this location as well. Fast service was also a huge plus for me nothing worse then being very hungry and watching everyone around you eat while you are waiting for your meal. My stomach gives the rating of 5 stars! I hope this place never changes I'm a lifer from here on.
<review# 1065,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2011,11/6/2011,11,23,4,5,5>Don't overlook this small and chummy restaurant because it comes with amazing tapas and service.  It's a very small place so there's a good chance you have to sit at the bar, but don't let that discourage your opportunity to try this place.  The mac and cheese here was superb. Best I've tasted so far.  Their tomato salad was very fresh.  It came with a unique mascarpone spread and dressing  that was delicious, and I'm not a fan of salad.   I've never heard of duck fat popcorn so I gave that a try.  It tasted like theatre popcorn with chunks of duck meat on top.  I loved the scallops.  It bursted with flavor and the miniature pan they used was very cute.  The seafood platter was delightful and their imported beer selections were quite pleasant.The washroom was very intimate.  Watch where you're going because it's quite dark.  I love the atmosphere and comfort this restaurant portrays.  The vibe is very relaxed.  Take that along with great food=excellente!
<review# 1066,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2011,11/5/2011,41,30,2,6,2>Okay, It was a while ago that I went to Double Zero, but it certainly was memorable!I remember it clearly...My friends and I went to check out CRAFT Beer Market (also awesome) for its grand opening, and ended up going for dinner at Double Zero.  So we walked from CRAFT down to Double Zero... just a hop and skip, really.  Anyway, we commented that it was a little too loud at CRAFT, so they offered to seat us in a little quieter section of the restaurant.  This impressed us, and we followed the hostess to a quiet area near the kitchen (surprising, yes, but very nice).  The whole dining and bar areas, though, are quite nice.  I remember when that space was the Elephant and Castle (crashed a wedding party there, but I digress...).  Hopefully this one sticks.At any rate, there were three of us, one of  whom is vegetarian.  So we ended up getting two pizzas: one veggie, one not.  The selection of pizzas is impressive, as is the staff's knowledge of their product.  I am a beer lover, and was quite impressed with their selection.  Tree Brewing is great, but I decided to go for something a little different with the Aphrodisiac Stout.  Our server was wonderful, talking about the beer and how much everyone loves it.  There was a lot of hype, and I was not disappointed.I recall ordering the perogy pizza, but don't remember what the other was.  While both were fantastic, I did seem to enjoy the non-perogy pizza more.  Just wish I could remember the name.....  Anyway, the menu is great, and since that time they have added pasta to their list of offerings.The decor is very nice, with authentic Italian product displayed all over.  Photos of local people, by local photographers, adorn the walls.  I had to ask about purchasing some of the product on display, but for the moment they are not for sale.  They may introduce a retail operation in the future for those who want authentic Italian goodies.  Or you can go to one of several Italian markets in town.All-in-all, we were very impressed, and will most certainly be back - and not only to redeem our one remaining Groupon.
<review# 1067,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2011,11/4/2011,15,13,3,8,2>I have never been to another crepe place before, but I don't think I need to. These guys do it all, Savoury & Sweet and they are really delicious! Today, I had the Chicken Ceasar Crepe, which was so so so so good. I probably could have stuffed myself with a second one. Crepes are Fresh, ingredients are fresh. What more could you ask for? I would recommend this place to anyone.
<review# 1068,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2011,11/3/2011,9,84,2,5,4>I love spas, love love love them.  I start to feel all cozy and relaxed just THINKING about spas.I've been searching for one that would give me the instant "aahhhhhh" feeling as I walked through the doors like my old stand in back home and Stillwater has accomplished that!You can slip into a terry cloth robe and relax in their lounge (one for men/women or a main lounge) and watch the fish float around while sipping hot tea or fruity water.  ahhhhhhThe last time I was there I had a pedi done.  I was a little sad to find out that the French Pedi did not include 'cleaning up' my feet, but that was my fault for not reading the description properly.  The sweet woman doing my toes did a GREAT job, had never had french done on my toes before and I dont think I can go back to regular old polish ever again!She chatted with me and told me what kinds of lotions to use and how to take care of my feet at home myself, she was very knowledgable!I've also been there for a massage before ...uuuuuuuhhhhhhh...sorry ...i'm back...slipped off to "spa land" there for a second.It is worth EVERY penny to go to this spa, let me tell you!  Its a great place to go to get away from the world and just relax.
<review# 1069,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2011,11/2/2011,1,10,2,7,5>I've been a follower of Loose Moose Theatre for Kids since my kids were small - that's about 20 years. Now I take my grandchildren and we all love it. The seating is really good - you can see clearly from any seat. Your kids can have their snacks during the performance and are encouraged to interact with the performers during the play. How awesome is that? It's comfortable, great fun, usually has some jokes built into the play geared for the adults (clean of course) and afterwards the kids can meet the actors to talk and get their programmes signed. Terrific entertainment and not too lengthy for the kids. The location is good as well because you can explore the market and galleries which reside in the same building. Yes! Enjoy!
<review# 1070,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2011,11/1/2011,85,210,,6,2>Since I live in the central SW, I'd never been to Bona Roma before. I had been at COP late this afternoon (doing the luge! Highly recommended, although I think the season is over for this year) and the group went to this restaurant afterwards.I'd been told it was small, but didn't realize it was THIS small. There are 28 seats in the restaurant. It's really quaint and cozy, though. Doesn't get too loud or insane. Lots of people coming in for takeout as well.A downside is that our group of 11 had to split up between 3 tables that were nowhere near one another. They didn't take reservations so we're lucky we all managed to get seats as it was, as all the other tables were taken besides 3 when we got there.However, the food is very good. I'm not a lover of pasta or pizza, but I had the BBQ Chicken Neopolitan Pizza and it was excellent (I ate every piece and I generally have trouble finishing the last 1/3 of personal pizzas). The other people at my table had a calzone and the Rocky pizza and both really enjoyed their meals. From the sounds of it, there were no complaints. And, the price is right.All in all, not sure I'd make the trip here too often since it's so far, and because I'm not an Italian food fan, but for those who are in the area and love pasta/pizza, I could see this being a regular haunt.
<review# 1071,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2011,10/31/2011,40,98,,10,4>Don't let the shady exterior, or odd location fool you, this place is great.King's, so we were told, was an institution for those ages 40 and up back in the day as the place to go after the bar.It's known for it's wonton soup, but serves breakfast and lunch as well at extremely good prices.I ordered two wholewheat banana pancakes, which came with a choice of 3 strips of bacon/or two sausages, as well as eggs, all for $9.00. Note, the prices on the website haven't been updated in what seems like forever. The pancakes were huge, the sausages average sized - think Stampede bfast like - and the serving of eggs quite substantial as well. I couldn't finish. I tried my friend's wonton soup, which was excellent. The wonton's are HUGE! As well I tried a grilled dumpling. Oh my goodness, thankfully there was only an order of 4, and they weren;t mine. or else I would've eaten them all to myself - and I'm not even a huge fan of Chinese food!The service is great, all the staff help each other out, and are all super friendly in that typical diner way.I'd definitely visit again, and unlike the Edmonton Trail groupings of bfast places, this place was busy, but we had a table within 5 minutes.
<review# 1072,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2011,10/30/2011,46,59,,4,3>They opened yesterday (April 19). I got a carrot cake and a peanut butter cup.Completely and utterly blown away. The carrot cake was the dense, cake-y sort of donut that I covet (when I eat donuts, which is rarely because options in Calgary and Canada are almost completely limited to the piss-poor crap at Tim Hortons), deep fried and fresh and crispy; it was iced with a nice cream cheese icing just like a real carrot cake and then it had bits of carrot adorning it, but not just for show- the carrot was candied and deep fried, super crispy, it would have been a devastating little treat all its own. The peanut butter cup was more the fluffy version of a donut, yeasty, bigger than the carrot cake but less dense. it had a milk chocolate icing and a gob of peanut butter "filling" on top with a few real peanuts too. It was incredibly delicious but I still found the carrot cake the better donut- it was a revelation, perhaps the single best donut I've ever had anywhere.Calgary finally has a donut place (one with decent coffee, too) to emulate and, I'd say, RIVAL place like Top Pot in Seattle.
<review# 1073,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2011,10/29/2011,89,72,2,2,4>If you don't know that this place exists your chances of finding it by accident are pretty slim. That is part of the charm of this book store. It's one of those stuffy shops that you stumble upon while you're  waiting between appointments or just wandering through the neighborhood by on a whim. Words Worth is a maze of used books on shelves that form their own rooms. Every inch of this place that isn't for walking about is crammed with things to read.After work one afternoon I wandered into this place by with nothing in mind in particular. As I entered a friendly gentleman asked me if there was something I wanted to find. I indicated that I didn't have a preference and wished to explore. Shortly after I decided to test his knowledge of the store contents and asked for books about Calgary's history. He was very quick to pull out about half a dozen books from various decades. I ended up buying two books that I treasure very much and have doubts that I would ever find again.I'll will return.
<review# 1074,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2011,10/27/2011,69,229,4,5,4>I've lost count of how many times I've been to Chicken on the Way. It's the best fried chicken I think I've ever had. Seriously. I don't know how they do it but it's worth the trip across the city. And their corn fritters are amazing too. It's a tiny little place and when it gets busy, look out. The line will be out the door and the parking lot a hopping. The counter staff is always friendly and you never really have to wait long for your order. They take your order and yell it back to the people doing the cooking. They hand cut all their fries which leaves some of the skins on. Gotta love that. You get a huge helping of fries in your box along with chicken and don't forget to get some extra corn fritters. Yes, it's totally fattening but hey, just don't go eating here every day. Watch out because the chicken will be hot. It's so tender and the coating is crispy and a has nice flavor. When your order is ready, they wrap the box all up in brown paper. It's like a step back in time. It's a total treat all the way around.Chicken on the Way is a Calgary classic. If you haven't tried it, you really should.
<review# 1075,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2011,10/26/2011,18,24,,3,4>Yum.One of my favorite memories of Kaffa Coffee House is going here with my brother a week after moving to Calgary from Detroit. We were blown away by the vibe and the promotion (coffee AND salsa house?!); we also loved that our frappuccinos were served in mason jars...very cool.My second favorite memory of this place is going often on rainy days when I worked for the City-Parks department. My crew and I would get hot coffees (the Irish is my favorite) and hang out in the back room. I really like the room with the tree growing through it! Sweet!The building is cool - it's apparently one of the oldest homes in the area - and the coffee, staff, and customers are great. Top notch!
<review# 1076,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2011,10/25/2011,1,75,,5,3>Going to Gunther's first thing on a Saturday morning is one of my earliest memories.  Heading off with Dad to stop at the bakery, deli and then either Totem or Beaver (there's a name from the past) lumber was a weekly routine.Aside from a new floor and shelving nothing at Gunther's has changed in the past 30+ years.  Smells the same (and oh does it smell good!!!), same line up of amazing bread, buns and sweets and same friendly and efficient staff.I'm a good 30 minute drive away but Gunther's is one of the few stores I'll make the time to go to since their product is quite simply the best!
<review# 1077,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2010,10/24/2011,68,69,,4,3>I've been going to the Top Brass for years. It's our stop before and after ball, considering the park is only a few blocks away. Hell, there were even a few durings ... well, at least when there were rainouts anyway.The beer is cold and Char is one of the best servers in the city. You go there enough and she'll call you by name, bringing you the right beer without you even asking.I can't improve upon Spencer's description of one of my favourite seedy pubs in Calgary. But I can let you know you'll find the best ginger beef at the Brass. And dumplings. I almost forgot the dumplings. Our usual is ginger beef, dumplings and chow mein. Between two people, there's enough for leftovers the next day. Or when you get home.Yum!Oh yeah, wing night is Monday and Wednesday ... Caesars on sale on Thursdays.The hangover special? Go for breakie ... I think it's about three or four bucks for Texas toast, hash browns, two eggs and you choice of ham, sausage or bacon.
<review# 1078,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2011,10/23/2011,35,8,,4,2>A former pizza place turned into a destination for homestyle traditional Chilean food! Their empanadas are just like back home. Their sandwiches are epic! Try the Chacarero (steak, avocado, tomatoes on a toasted home made bun, get some pebre on the side) and it's just like having one at a sidewalk cafe in Santiago, but right here in NE Calgary. Make the trip and go check it out. You'll go from "What is Chilean food?" to "I love Chilean food!"
<review# 1079,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2011,10/22/2011,3,8,,5,3>Monday afternoon in autumn... the leaves are falling and clinging to my shoes as I walked through that park at the corner of 17th and 8th... Borgo Trattoria sits like a forgotten birthday present tucked behind the trees of fall.Lovely and bright, the tile and open interior is so very inviting.We chose a booth; which are so soft in comfort and nice table spacing... elbows allowed.The place mat seemed to be the selections at hand, throwing me off a bit...and so, as my lunch partner and I perused the "menu" I realized that it's quite different than what I am used to... to me, immediately, it seemed that it was meant to be ordered in tandem.So... wow... away we went... Fennel and radish with a beautifully flavoured olive oil jar.Ciabatta bread and balsalmic with oilTwo giant prawns with a grilled hunk of lemon and a sprig of rosemarryTwo Risotto balls,sauted calamari in olive and tomato,A cheese platterA cold cut platterEvery item, was fresh and tidy. Presented in such artistry, and really besides being beautiful to eat, really was a wonderful thing to experience. Everything was served on olive wood cutting boards and rustic ceramics... with a tinge of glass and oil.between the two of us, we difted bits of meat and cheese (5 of each...hmmm, I wonder if I remember...) on to our plates...FontinaAsiagoGorgonzolaSoft Brie like cheese... made me think of Port Salutcompletely forgot the other... excellentMortadellaProsciuttoSpeckCalabrese w/pepper cornsand a soft salami... can't remember... Anyway... the point here is that the place is marvelous... it's perfect for a date, for friends hangin out... very hands on... and well; EXCELLENT. $69.00 for the two of us.Never having been to Europe, I can only imagine that some northern Italian border town has a place just like this, and really, really... so worth the trip.
<review# 1080,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2010,10/21/2011,1328,1117,2,7,5>It's important that you know that I'm basically 4 years old inside. Between my insuppressible curiousity and my playful Leo nature, my 'mature self' didn't stand a chance in this store.A magic store that carries tricks, costumes, makeup and all the swag you'll ever need to take on Copperfield himself makes The Vanishing Rabbit one of Calgary's most unique stores.The service is exceptional, the selection is unparalleled and the prices are competitive. I'm thinkin' you're gonna need to add this place to your bag of tricks.
<review# 1081,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/16/2011,10/20/2011,30,181,2,4,3>Higher Ground- how I love the. Let me count the ways. While most coffe shops at leat one glaring issue, Higher Ground seems to escape that trend. The food is all delicious. Simple, but delicious. No huge meals, but a large menu for a coffee shop. The coffe is quality, and although I havent had all the beverages available, the price and quality of their coffe is hard to beat.Best of all, it is spacious and not at all pretentious. The giant numbered spoons you place on your table to indicate to the server where to bring your order is a sign that they don't take themselves too seriously. the staff are friendly and fit the atmosphere incredibly well.Needless to say I'm a fan.
<review# 1082,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2011,10/19/2011,187,427,5,3,6>It pleases me when somewhere gets what it deserves review-wise on yelp. The YMCA is most deserving of its 5 star status. Not only for an affordable $67 (I think, too lazy to check my visa statement here) a month do you get a top notch fitness facility with basketball court, squash courts, track, studios and pool, you also get top notch service. The staff are friendly, helpful and even funny and zany in a charming-a**hole kind of way. Take for example, volunteer who always gives me a girls membership when I turn my lock in. A sauna is included in the general admission locker room which is really nice after a work out. You also get a wonderful cast of characters who would produce a heck of a reality show. They include guy who looks like a stereotypical Jesus, guy who is clearly on roids, hot girl who knows she's hot and kind of has her nose in the air, guy with spiky punk hair-do and trainer who is an ex-UFC fighter and still maintains the demeanour.  All characters that make me want to continue coming back. The culture is so rich here!The YMCA is pretty special to me. It the only thing outside my apartment, save Yelp, that has actually become a part of my life. If I have a bad day there is nothing I would rather do than workout and shoot a few hoops after work. If I ever left I would truly miss it.
<review# 1083,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2011,10/18/2011,65,117,,4,3>Vin Room is a jewel in Mission.This intimate restaurant has a France-meets-1940s-Americana style that's both appealing and relaxing.The restaurant is a converted WWII house next to the Second Cup and across from the Joyce on 4th, and I guarantee if you don't look for the red and black sign, you'll probably miss it.The menu is tapas and (as the name suggests) wine, wine and more wine! I have yet to meet a wine menu like it in Calgary. Absolutely everything on the wine list is available in a variety of glass sizes as well as bottles. This is possible care of the extra cool Italian-invented wine dispenser system at the front bar.Besides the stellar wine selection, the food here is something to write home about. The tapas menu is not fat; but is far from skinny; and features must-try's like the eggplant chips (which you will read here, are a popular item), a wild mushroom Israeli couscous, a beet and quinoa salad with mint yogurt, a lobster taco, grilled bison and a nice selection of charcuterie and cheese plates. You should try all those, seriously.I have always had a notable experience at Vin Room, and as I gracefully transition from Club Rat to Lounge Lizard, the Vin Room is an excellent spot to relax - hang out - drink great wine and eat great food all night long with someone you love (or even just like, or your mom, or your friend).T.
<review# 1084,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2011,10/17/2011,19,165,3,4,3>What can be said about Broken City that hasn't been said by the 24 reviews below? A place near and dear to my heart, it is unpretentious (or, if you are a lead-eyed cynic, utterly drenched in cynical aspirations otherwise), a dyed-in-the-wool dive bar with ramshackle seating, a stage meant to hold a drum kit and little else, and a menu that can fit on a coaster.What they do well is live music, and food. I have seen several mid-sized bands here, and have played myself a dozen times: it is always a great time, with impeccable sound for such a tiny venue. The beer selection is perfectly pitched - the sludge with the gold - and the food is hearty: the burgers are roughly the size of my good friend Andy's head, the serving of fries nearly bottomless, and the nachos are as plentiful as the tight jeans. Simply one of my favorite places in Calgary, either to play or hang out at.
<review# 1085,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2011,10/16/2011,86,132,6,4,3>I was  bit put off by Caffe Rosso because I ordered a vanilla latte & they told me (a bit snottily) that they don't have flavored syrups there.  I understand that they have great coffee but some of us prefer to have vanilla or something with our coffee.  It doesn't mean that we are morally inferior.Anyhooo....they did have a mocha option so I ordered that.  Oh my....best mocha I've ever had.  Which means I will go back even though they think I'm a eeejit for trying to order a vanilla latte.
<review# 1086,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2011,10/15/2011,194,334,5,6,5>WOP, is a racial slur for Italo-Canadians, which is a short form for Without Papers.  Italo-Canadians use the word 'wop' among themselves as a playful putdown. They are a bit edgy about non-Italians employing the term, as it is generally held to be a racist slur.  Here's another opinion and controversy around this slang.  Source:  billcasselman.com/wordinI went to Without Papers Pizza in Inglewood last night, and of course, had to ask why a pizza place was called Without Papers.  Well. I got my answer.  In case any of you were wondering, that was the answer I received.  I met my friend Heather there at 5:30 on a Tuesday night and it was quite busy.  We were able to get a seat, but by 6:00 p.m. it was packed.We ordered the warm olives as an appetizer, and they were fantastic!  I am a huge olive fan to begin with, so a mixed tray of olives made my heart sing.  This was admittedly the first time I had olives warm, and my opinion is that it is a very nice touch.For dinner, Heather and I each got a beet salad, with arugula and goat cheese. I liked the flavor of the beet salad, but I honestly found it a bit salty.  Heather, who LOVES salt, found it perfect!The pizza we chose was the Baby Doll, which is Roasted free-range chicken, eggplant, artichoke hearts, cherry tomatoes, goat cheese and tomato sauce.  Since we chose such a low fat option, plus a gluten free crust, it wasn't the yummiest pizza I ever ate.  However, it was really good, considering there was no mozza and no gluten.  The crust was extremely thin, and almost crispy, and the toppings were all healthy, yummy options.  I was admittedly getting a bit of plate envy from the folks on either side of me, ordering a cheezier option.  When I hit my weight loss goal, I may need to come back and celebrate!What impressed me about this restaurant was the vibe.  It has that hip, trendy feel, and I am also thankful that I went to a pizza place and did not have to resort to salad due to my diet restrictions.  I was able to participate with a healthier option and not feel like I was totally cheating myself.
<review# 1087,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/25/2011,10/14/2011,11,53,2,3,3>If you're not into the local, creative, artsy stuff, this place simply is not for you. I have volunteered at this event a number of times and always take the time to shop around either before of after my shift. The vibe at the Collective is wonderful and the shopping is great.The location is perfect, suitable for the Kensington vibe and close to a train station. The building is amazing, with the second floor gallery's often have really funky things, and there are about fifty tables of different artists selling their products. A lot of it can get repetitive with a number of painters, photographers, jewelers, etc., but sometime you find that local company/artist that you fall in love with. Some of the companies are at every Collective (they must use their e-mails like hawks to ensure they hit the first come first serve mark), which is great if you love them, not so much if you don't.The place is usually quite crowded since the tables and music stage take up a lot of space, add a few hundred people to that and it can be difficult to move around and shop. I think the Collective is starting to happen once a month, rather than every other month, which is great to help lessen the crowds hopefully, but I just hope they bring in some different artists.Generally speaking: This is an event that is worth checking out at least once. It's great for any age so don't be afraid to pop by. And make sure to hit up the photo booth while you're there.
<review# 1088,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2011,10/13/2011,45,205,3,3,4>Ive been here twice and cant believe Ive forgotten to review it until now. My first visit was a commendation from my sister. I went in after getting my hair done around the corner at Cutting Room Floor and the place was empty. The specialty at Kol3 is Bahn Xeo, vietnamese crepe. Who doesnt love crepes? Its not your typical crepe as its made with rice flour and coconut milk, plus it has more of a deep fried taste, but who doesnt love deep fried? I had a vietnamese coffee and a traditional crepe with chicken to go. The funny part was, the young lady at the front asked me if I had been in before. I hadnt, but my twin sister had, and I thought it was really sweet she "remembered" me. The crepe I ate when I got home, and even cold it was delicious. The thing was huge, plus it came with a salad, so definately satitsfying and dare I say, more filling sometimes than your standard Vietnamese fare. I will say that going in, the decor is not what I consider traditional Vietnamese. Its all white walls and furniture accented with bright pops of colour. Its also maybe a little more pricey than the average restaurant, but so worth it as Ive never seen these offered anywhere else.The second visit was with my mom, sister, aunt and friend Mike. Again, awesome service, so friendly and everyone had a smile on their face. I had the Athena, and the others at the table had the traditional, or the Bacon Cheeseburger (!) crepe. All were delicous, but mine was the best. Just the right amount of spinach, chicken, onion and feta inside. I didnt catch the name of the hot sauce the young lady handed our table, but it was amazing. I dont like spicy anything really, but this complimented everyones crepe nicely. I forgot to mention that the Vietnamese Coffee is well done. Its strong, and not too sweet. They serve it premixed (other places Ive been let you do it yourself)So, if you're looking for something a little different, Kol3 is definately it.
<review# 1089,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2011,10/12/2011,15,66,4,8,5>"My name is Michael, I got a nickel I got a nickel, shiny and new I'm gonna buy me all kinds of candy That's what I'm gonna do" Clint Holmes, Playground in My Mind (1973)I feel like that little kid Michael, who busted open his piggy bank and raided the candy store, every time I enter this place.I have to ask what rule book states that one cannot open a tea shop combined with a candy shop in the same store. If Newfoundlanders can sell donair and Honda parts under the same roof, or similar combinations which are everywhere, then why can't a Calgarian open candy and tea store. If anything, it indicates an owner who can think outside the box. It is not that far fetched considering the country which is the largest producer of tea, namely China, serves dessert and tea at the same time. Red tea or black tea with sweets is most common.There is nothing confusing or strange about this store if you have been inside a traditional British tea or candy shop housed in an old 15th or 16th Century Tudor building. This is the first impression I get upon entering.As stated in my review of the tea and coffee operation under Red Bush, the candy selection is broad and, in many ways, unique. In addition to traditional penny candy selections they have fudge, toffee, nougat, and additive and artificial ingredient free chocolate. The dark Belgian chocolate is wonderfully bittersweet and made only with cocoa, cocoa butter, milk, sugar, and pure vanilla; there are no emulsifiers or artificial vanillin. Not even Purdy's sells chocolate that pure. Callebaut does but I have never seen "pure" chocolate in any convenience store. The real British toffee I can eat by the ton but be careful, carmelized sugar will pull the fillings out of your teeth. As a diabetic, I highly recommend the fudge which will drive your blood sugar up to 30 mmol.Some of the items they sell are available at quickie marts, but you will also pay more there. I have to ask why would someone criticize a product, salt water taffy, if they know they do not like it to begin with. In the UK it is a specialty, especially in Wales, and one of the most popular items for sale.I highly recommend their tea which may be from the same suppliers as other specialty shops, but much more reasonably priced.Red Bush now carries Fratello coffee. The Columbian Huila that they sell was awarded 94 points by Coffee Review.
<review# 1090,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2010,10/11/2011,116,106,,3,4>The Poutine here is excellent. Veal gravy, raw cheese curds, very authentic.  In fact, all the food is excellent.  The vast majority of it is locally sourced, and it shows.  They have daily specials (in the sense of limited quantities; they may only be able to make or source so many certain foods that once they're gone, they're gone) so every lunch or dinner becomes an adventure.The big draws: the in-house brewed beers and the in-house smoked bacon.  In fact, the bacon comes in a bucket if you wish, complete with maple syrup for dipping on the side.  Live music every so often.Many pros that keep me coming back.  In the interests of full disclosure, sometimes when it gets really busy, the service gets slow, but all in all, it's usually one of my first choices for food if I'm in the area.
<review# 1091,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/27/2011,10/10/2011,47,97,3,5,3>Food: 4/5Atmosphere: 3/5Service: 3/5Overall experience: 4/5(1- Terrible; 3- decent; 5- Fantastic)I finally decided to try Bow Bulgogi after hearing rave reviews and the fact I wanted to try a new Korean restaurant. Came here with a large group of friends and we all had a great experience. The overall quality of the food was fantastic but it's out of my way, and didn't have a few of my favourite Korean items like Kimchi soup.Bow Bulgogi is a pretty small restaurants with about 10 or so tables. It's a mom and pops restaurant so the decor was nothing too fancy- cheap red seats, checkered table cloths, and the walls lined with Korean advertisements. The service was good, they were very patient in taking our order since we were such a huge group, and the food came out in a reasonable time, piping hot. Each meal comes with your traditional Korean side dishes of bean sprouts, pickled daikon, kimchi, and fried tofu which was yummerz! Freshly cooked with a light batter! We ordered the Chap Chae ($12.95) glass noodles with black mushrooms, vegetables, eel, etc..; Pajeon seafood pancake ($13.95); Beef Bee-Bim-Bap ($12.95); Yukgaejang ($10.95) spicy beef brisket soup with noodles; and one of each of their Korean style BBQ - beef, pork, chicken and La Bulgogi ($12.95). Their menu also consists of a few Vietnamese dishes.When I compare this with other Korean restaurants (and I"ve been to quite a few) the prices are about average give or take a dollar. However, the overall quality was top notch . The Chap Chae was super flavourful but was disappointed that the portion was smaller than what I usually get. Their seafood pancake is by far the best one  I've had for a great price! The pancake was large and crispy, full of juicy seafood and fresh vegetables. It wasn't overly salty and despite the pancake being extremely thick, it was still really light and fluffy (not gummy or soggy). This is a great dish to share since you can get about 6 large slices from it. My bf got the beef bee-bim bap which was a little bit disappointing because it wasn't in a stone pot and was pretty small. If you love spicy soups, try the Yukgaejang which is really spicy for someone who doesn't each a lot of spicy foods, but has a slight burn for those used to it. The broth was a little watery and was hoping for a stronger beef taste. Lastly, I suggest trying one of their BBQ meat dishes which are all absolutely delicious. You can definately tell they marinated their meat well, with the final product having a strong sweet yet garlic and peppery taste. Overall, this is a fantastic place for authentic Korean food and I suggest a visit. It's definitely a trip down to flavour town!
<review# 1092,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2011,10/9/2011,130,261,10,8,4>I am in love with the Hop In Brew Pub. To the creepy extent where I do not want to even review it because if I tell you how much I love it, it might make you want to go there, and then you might ruin it for me because I am a misanthrope and like to hoard awesome things all to myself like gem-like little secrets. After not having the time for pubs in awhile, my roommate, our couchsurfer who'd never been to Calgary, and I took a little stroll on over to the Hop in Brew, in hopes we wouldn't come into close contact with Stampede goers there. Walking into the little house, I was absolutely charmed to see only three people in completely regular-person-clothes sitting in the back corner, having a lively little discussion with the bartender. This is the quietest I've ever seen the Hop, but it allowed for me to fully take in the adorableness of it, and we got the balcony all to ourselves. I started with a beautiful Hop Head the colour of straw, as I was feelin' an IPA. Later, I switched gears and sweetened things out with a gorgeous Yukon Arctic Red. Hands down the most intentional and amazing beer selection in the city. I would marry this pub; a small wedding with only family and close pals and alll of the beers.
<review# 1093,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2011,10/8/2011,45,109,1,5,6>I also came here based on a review by You Gonna Eat That (a Calgary food blogger).It is absolutely amazing. Forest Lawn doesn't get enough love, and people will be surprised to discover many more gems in the area similar to Dosa Corner.The menu has a mix of common indian dishes (butter chicken, masalas, etc), and unique Sri Lankan dishes. Everything we tried was impressive. I usually don't care about butter chicken (its like the gateway Indian dish, similar to fried rice for chinese food & california rolls for sushi), but their's stood out. The eggplant curry was great. And the dosa we ordered was huge. It could be ordered on its own and would do well as a meal for one. I only learned yesterday that the dosa bread is made of pure dal (lentils), which surprised me because it had a potato consistency. The lamb dish was not bad either. It was really spicy, so i'm glad they didn't dumb down their dishes for "non brown people" like my friends and I.The owner came out and chatted for a bit. She said that everything is made fresh and not prepared in advance. And I think thats why I enjoyed the butter chicken more than I usually do. It wasn't stored in a pot a week beforehand.Dosa Corner will satisfy those who are familiar with indian cuisine, as well as those who want to try sri lankan dishes or something new altogether.
<review# 1094,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2010,10/7/2011,1,6,4,7,6>I had just moved to Calgary and breakfast is my favorite time to eat. I'd Googled another breakfast joint on Edmonton Trail, hopped on a bus, and my search began with much anticipation. Long story short, I was unsuccessful in my search and was growing rather frustrated when I found myself in front Overeasy. (And I've never looked back)Just walking into the intimate restaurant brings a breath of fresh air -and the delicious smells of pancakes, toast, hollandaise sauce, and  aromatic coffee as servers pass by.Part of the ceiling has cleverly been converted into a black board covered with all kinds of colorful words and phrases about the best meal of the day. The walls are totally retro and the bar in the middle of the restaurant (Which I think is the best place to sit) has funky cactus looking at you as you enjoy your stay.The food is A1! Colorful, delicious, and incredibly priced. $20 can easily get you an amazing breakfast with coffee and enough to leave a decent gratuity for the much deserving, friendly serving staff.It's true that one can bee seen rubbing shoulders with other's during the weekends; but with such a fun, positive environment and a great meal in front of you, who really minds?
<review# 1095,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2011,10/6/2011,57,118,1,2,2>Peter's Drive-In is located in central 16th Avenue NE.  You can't miss it!  The lines can get pretty long (drive through and standing), but when you finally get to order .. you get your food pretty fast.  I usually order a cheese dog ($3.30), which consists of a nice juicy wiener, cheese, ketchup, relish and their 'special sauce' (bbq sauce).  It is DEEEEEEElicious! I also get the onion rings..OH.MY.GOD. I think they have the best onion rings in town! They seem better than eat in restaurants or other fast food joints.  The onion rings are nice and crispy AND they fill the container right up!  Its just oniony heaven in a container ($4). If I may add, it is summer ...so hitting the ice cream up here is a definite must!  I've tried the sundaes ($4) and they're quite good..they have some whip cream on top of the choice of fruit (blackberry, blueberry, pineapple, raspberry, or strawberry) and its pretty big.  What is the best in my humble opinion... is the CHOCOLATE DIP!  I ordered a large ($3.30) (which I should of gotten a small $2.30)  It was HUGE! The chocolate is nice and thick and the ice cream is yummilicious.  It can get messy so be sure to ask for extra napkins!  I do recommend Peter's for a quick snack...good prices, fast service, great selected foods...what more can you ask for?The only downfall I'd say is trying to get in and out of Peter's on the busy days.  Its kind of a Mickey Mouse route.
<review# 1096,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2010,10/5/2011,67,205,,4,4>My wife and I tried Rouge for our anniversary two summers ago. Feeling adventurous, we had the tasting menu, and all I can say is...wow! Too many courses to remember, it's lost in a blur of wine pairings, foie gras, truffles, and other delightful things. Two minor gripes were street noise (we dined on the patio) and - ack! - mosquitoes. After dinner, chef/owner Paul Rogalski gave a tour of his herb garden and greenhouse. A bit on the spendy side, but like all really good things, worth the splurge.
<review# 1097,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/6/2011,10/4/2011,266,478,5,4,3>We went here on a saturday to catch up and celebrate with a couple of good friends who bore great news that they're expecting. Good things happen to those who strive with hope and dilligenceThis cafe has a cozy feel too it that is quite welcoming. Great place to come to on a night that you want to be out to socialize with a small group (perhaps a date?)but want to avoid the rauccous crowds parading around the mission and 17th ave area. I also loved the subtle Max Romeo tunes that played in the background.I had their lemon merengue pie accompanied by an Americano. The pie was excellent but the Americano kept me up all night :( .I stayed up all night watching Scent of a Woman. You win again, caffeine.
<review# 1098,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/25/2011,10/3/2011,67,339,4,9,4>I am the proud owner of 2 ARF dogs. The are a wonderful organization that does a lot to rescue dogs and cats and also limit the stray population in and around Calgary.They do have a bit of a process to go to to adopt but its worth it. They want to make sure the right people get the right dogs for them. I love that they have a trial day with the dog you are interested in so you can really get a feel for how the dogs will fit in with your life (family, home, schedule etc) before making a full commitment.They are powered almost completely by volunteers and have done some pretty amazing things with very little funding. Want a pet? Check ARF out.
<review# 1099,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2011,10/2/2011,429,445,5,7,6>Went here with Wendytron for their Sunday night drag show. Wendy got purse checked, but I didn't because my purse is tiny. Hey, I could be hiding a Deringer in there, but now you'll never know, haha! While we waited for the show to start, there was Karaoke in the basement lounge. We both got a couple of turns at the mic, but while we were waiting for our 3rd turn, we got bumped and then removed altogether from the queue. Because the Cast of Wicked was there!! Yeah, I wouldn't want to follow them either :D. Perfectly acceptable bump! And the MC was a total sweetheart. In fact, the entire staff is friendly and amazing. I saw one staff member balance a tub full of glasses in the palm of his hand, while he expertly untangled his pants hem from a lady's broken bar stool in a quick, fluid motion.I won't spoil the show for anyone who hasn't been, but seriously, go. So much fun - and - no cover if you show up before 10pm.
<review# 1100,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2010,10/1/2011,22,47,,3,3>There isn't too many places in Calgary that you can honestly say give you the full package -- but Tubby Dog does.  Where else can you see a local rock band, eat space cheese and ketchup chip-topped hot dogs and yam wedges, play vintage arcade games, watch cheesy B-movies and cartoons, run into a lot of your friends, drink beer and/or glass bottled Coca Cola, people watch in the open window during the summer, look at cool pop art on the walls, and the staff is really awesome?  I am thinking the only place is Tubby Dog.  Awesome Awesome Awesome!
<review# 1101,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2011,9/30/2011,27,113,2,4,2>Interior of the restaurant is very nice, customer service is friendly, prices are average for indian (12-15/entree)Butter Chicken - yummm! as always.Lamb Vindaloo - spicy but delicious. Always one of my must-haves. Sweet & sour eggplant - I wondered about the name too, sounded like sugary Chinese food but it is actually a great dish made with a ginger and coconut sauce. It was the same one Kent V. ordered and will probably one of my future regular orders. All the wonderful food, and they disappointed me with the naan. It tasted delicious. Just when I order naan, I order LOTS of naan. We ordered 3 orders at $1.95 each, and we got 3 medium sized pieces :( Yes I almost cried when I opened up the take-out bag and saw the limited amount of naan. All 3 orders were equivalent of 1 or 1.5 orders at another restaurant. They crushed my most important part of the meal by having ridiculously overpriced naan. I debated 3 stars, but others may not care about swimming in naan like I do, so I'll give it 4, and see how it goes next time.
<review# 1102,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2010,9/29/2011,51,42,2,4,2>Local! Forage is the newest baby of Infuse Catering (located next store) Forage prides itself with the statement : Farm to Fork They use local farms and local suppliers for their ingredients, Cook it up daily next door and run it over HOT and FRESH. You can email them at info@foragefoods.com They will email you the weekly menu. Most meals will run you $12-$16 per person All Take Out. Seems a bit pricey but then again your paying for mostly organic and local. Pros: (from the fridge) Blue Cheese Potato Salad ($4) Rickety Uncle desert bar ($4) Buttermilk Biscuits ($2) (from the daily specials) Bison anything CAKES!!!! (carrot is unbelievable!) STAFF! They girl who works there is sweet as pie and helpful! Cons: Menu changes so you have to wait for the weeks of your faves! Price. Daily specials are a bit pricey but fridge salads are priced low. Bottom line... Great place with new and delicious food ideas made local and fresh, save your pennies but the taste is worth it!
<review# 1103,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/18/2010,9/28/2011,141,125,,10,3>Sushi Kawa is an alright place to eat japanese food. Being of Japanese heritage myself, I was happy to find a japanese restaurant tha was actually staffed with japanese people. No offense to others, but when I typically go to a japanese restaurant  I get served by a chinese person, a korean, or filipino. I want authentic flavors when I go out for japanese food. Also Sushi Kawa is one of the only restaurants in town that serves okonomiyaki. (japanese pizza). It is a dish that consists of flour, egg, cabbage, meat , etc then cooked on a grill then sprinkled with fish flakes and is eaten with Tonkatsu sauce and a japanese mayanaise.http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PeUHy0A1­GF0The one thing that turned me off about this restaurant, is that they aren't really friendly. It's not that they are rude, it just seems that they are indifferent. Which seems out of character for a japanese restaurant. They do not give you any extra tonkatsu sauce for your okonomiyaki, which costs $18.00 by the way. When I asked the waitress for more sauce, she said they would have to charge me extra for it. I was put off by this, that's like charging extra for ketchup for fries that you order at Earl`s. They should never charge EXTRA for sauce for a meal you are eating. That to me, is an insult. I may have to start eating at Hana Sushi down the street. It`s another Japanese run sushi bar the Fujimoto`s
<review# 1104,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2011,9/27/2011,11,32,4,4,3>Red Water is an absolutely beautiful restaurant where I definitely recommend people to check it out.  After I walked and drove past a number of Red Water locations, I have been wanting to go to it for sometime.  The only thing that held me back in going was the apprehension that it would be like so many other restaurant franchises (*cough cough* Metropolitan, Moxies, Earls), who cater to the public through the use of atmosphere and decor rather than through the avenue of creating good food.It just happened so that my boyfriend's birthday was fast approaching.  Being in the position where I had no idea what to get him and didn't have the time to buy presents, it was a perfect opportunity to take him out to Red Water and get that stupid steak dinner that he would so jokingly hint about.  The northwest location in Calgary is like a hidden gem amongst a pile of rocks; with it's fanciness it looks a little out of place in a shopping plaza of older businesses.  Walking in, you'll notice right away Red Water's open layout, where tables are nicely spaced apart on the floor as u-shaped booths line the wall.  With a darker colour scheme, splashes of red and off-whites colour the room to give an intimate and comfortable feeling.  Although I wouldn't say Red Water is an upscale restaurant, it definitely caters to a dressier and more mature crowd (when I mean mature, I mean not being annoying idiots in a restaurant).  Although it isn't necessary to get dressed up, it is within the stated dress code.    Unlike other restaurant chains, Red Water executed in giving great service as well as great food.  The waitress we got that night was extremely professional and knowledgeable of the menu.  My boyfriend and I both ordered wine, and upon it being poured, the waitress did ask if we wanted a taste test to ensure that it was right to our palette.  With dinner, I was not disappointed where Red Water lives up to its "rustic grille" and "steakhouse" title; I ordered a scallop and shrimp dish while the birthday boy ordered a steak...both dishes were cooked to perfection with great tasting sides and sauces.  Unlike most steakhouses like the Keg where they serve a dish 90% meat and 10% sides,  Red Water served a good balance of portions with beautiful presentation.  Like what other people have said, the menu offers great choices in mixing traditional classic dishes with a modern and inventive twist in flavour.  For those that are vegetarian or have a gluten-free diet, don't shy away from this restaurant where they have a few choices to choose from.  The cost of items is quite reasonable, but not exactly cheap - ranging from the $14 to $40 mark of the main course meals, do be prepared to spend a little more.  The bill for the two of us was around $88.00, however it was definitely worth the price in both service and food.  Although this won't become my go-to place, I will definitely be back in the near future.
<review# 1105,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2010,9/26/2011,71,173,4,6,2>Alistair is a pig, and I love him! My first visit to this store was on a special day...it was Alistairs birthday. He was upfront in the store with a wee party hat on..( have to say though I dont like when people dress up animals, but this didnt seem like too big a deal for Alistair) and they were giving away crave cupcakes. There were streamers, Alistair was snuffling away and cheerfully receiving pats from his admirers. So THAT was my introduction to this little place. LIke most mom and pop pet food stores you will find that the prices are higher than at somewhere like Petsmart etc. It is understandable as they dont have the volume of sales.  The products they do have though are excellent, wonderful products for your beloved pets.  It is clear that the owners of this store love animals and want nothing but the best for thier customers pets. I will admit that I tend to go to Petsmart, but do like to pop in here to pick up a few special treats for my kitties and see Alistair. It is so cool to have a pig in my neighborhood and to go to a piggy birthday party is something that I have for the memory books.. Long live Alistair, mom and pop businesses and all those who love animals.  oink oink.. ( that was Alistair)
<review# 1106,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2011,9/25/2011,65,135,2,6,3>Finally made the trip to Alberta King of Subs after hearing about their delicious poutine from those who did the poutine crawl a few months ago.  Poutine is one of my favourite foods, so I can be pretty skeptical when people make recommendations to me about it.When we arrived, there was two people ahead of us and even they mentioned how good the food was!  So far so good then.  I ordered the full size (what was I thinking?!) hot dog poutine and my friend had the smoked meat version.  It didn't take very long for our orders and let me tell you, we were blown away by the portion size!  I wasn't sure I would be able to finish the meal by myself... but alas, it wasn't a problem (apparently I was hungry).  Each poutine was completely delicious - fries cooked just right, gravy tasty and not too salty, and a delightful amount of cheese curds.  All I could say was wow!  Craving satisfied.Although it might be a bit of a trek to visit this place, it is worth it.  I didn't get a sandwich (who would have room?!) but the ones coming out for orders looked fantastic.  The service was also really friendly, which I always appreciate in places such as this.  All in all, a good experience and I can't wait to go again (although my waistline is fine waiting awhile!).
<review# 1107,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2010,9/24/2011,52,263,3,7,4>I have to say I eat my words on Melrose.I went back. And had my mind changed.The food was REALLY good. I was informed of an updated menu by a marketing manager and boy they have improved the food. I am still thinking about how I'd rather be eating Cajun Fries than sitting at my desk eating a mushy banana. Pizzas were gourmet, thin crust style pizzas with really quality toppings.The service was exceptional. I was very VERY impressed.Sometimes you gotta give a place more than 1 chance, folks. Glad I did.Still don't know if I would pick this as a Saturday night hangout spot, but I'd definitely be back for lunch or dinner on that wonderful patio.
<review# 1108,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2011,9/23/2011,305,278,5,6,5>Two fistfuls of juice dripping Montreal smoked meat? YESFresh thick slices of bread to hold the monster together? YESAwesome selection of mustard flavors? YESSo much meat. So much awesome. Then they even throw in chips, coleslaw, and slam it in a basket.Nuff said.
<review# 1109,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2010,9/22/2011,76,56,2,10,4>If I have to sum this place up in one sentence: NOtaBLE lives up to the hype.Rolling in for a late lunch around 2, my mother and I were pleasantly greeted and promptly seated. Our server was a total pro, filling us in on the specials within minutes as well as our drink choices.We settled on 2 Wild Rose Cherry Porters (my fav WR beer) and a carafe of sparking water. NOtaBLE filters their own water, and then you have the option of still or sparkling and the $1 goes to charity.We both had the spinach salad to start, and I have to say, it has forever changed my opinion. Even after the salad was done, I kept craving more of the vinaigrette and pickled onions.Our mains were even better, the server recommended the feature burger (which changes monthly) and boy, was she ever right.The bison/beef patty was succulent, the homemade bun soft and warm, the toppings crisp but the absolute best part was the grainy mustard and mayo sauce on the burger.For $16 it's quite simply the best fine dining burger I've ever had. And at the best price too.The fries with sea salt were also perfectly crispy.Ending the meal with a french press of coffee (no espressos available) and the Stilton cheesecake, we were in heaven.I feel I should also mention the server's attire: they all wear the same shirt and jeans or slacks.While some might find this inappropriate, I love it. I'm so sick with the "little black dress" so common in Calgary restaurants. It does not compensate for server's lack of ability. I prefer intelligent, informed answers about the food and wine list. Not cleavage and a giggle.The only downside to NOtaBLE is that, even though it's on Montgomery (and if you know anyone ignorant enough to refuse an invitation because of the "sketchy" neighbourhood, take someone more deserving) is that it's busy all the time. I couldn't even get in the next week for dinner.But, after a meal like that, I'm going to keep trying.
<review# 1110,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2010,9/21/2011,6,74,,4,1>Went for a late brunch on Sunday (around noon). It was still decently busy, had to wait a few minutes for a table but nothing unreasonable. There are some very nice paintings framed throughout the bistro, every item from the chairs to the paintings can be purchased (prices at the end of the menu). Their menu has all the standard brunch options (eggs Benedict, steak & eggs, french toast, etc). The waitress recommended the seafood eggs Benedict as a consistent favourite. My brunch partner ordered the cinnamon raisin french toast. Both dishes were absolutely amazing. The seafood eggs Benedict had a good sized amount of scallops (small) and shrimp. Each bite was equally fresh and well prepared. The dish came with two eggs Benedict, pan fried hash and a small fruit salad for around $13. About average for brunch and the meal was exceptionally hearty and delicious. The amount of Bearnaise sauce was just right, not too much to drown the dish and not too little to make it dry. The french toast was perfectly cooked. It was crunchy on the outside, smooth on the inside and cooked all the way through so it wasn't mushy in the middle. The cinnamon and raisin added flavor cut through the richness of the egg to make it a more interesting dish. Also came with hash and a fruit salad. Overall, great location, decor, service and AMAZING food. Will be back for sure.
<review# 1111,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2011,9/20/2011,8,37,3,5,4>WildeGrainz is a fantastic artisan bakery that opened in the heart of Inglewood in 2010.  They specialize in fresh artisan breads and have an array of different kind ranging from hearty multigrain to the more exotic like cherry dark chocolate sourdough.  My personal favourite is the Pear Walnut bread- definitely worth a try.The bread takes time (3 days) to prepare, so they have a schedule available to let you know what days certain breads are available.  In addition to breads, they have a number of other baked goods including pain au chocolat (really good), something called a gibassier (basically a sugar covered breakfast bread that is impossible to describe well but is so fantastic that I have to get one on a weekly basis to keep functioning), and other small cakes and treats, plus fresh coffee.People tend to light up upon encountering the sites and smells of this little bakery.  Spending 8 dollars for a loaf of bread is definitely not for everyone, but there is no doubt about the quality and it is great to support an excellent local business- not to mention WildeGrainz is addictive so they can price it like any other inelastic good that you can't do without (see gasoline...  :)  )
<review# 1112,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2010,9/19/2011,310,796,3,4,6>I went to the new Chinook Centre opening last night and although I have been to hundreds of store inaugurations in my life, this one has to be by far the most glamourous and the most stupendous.First thing that stood out for me was how amazing the organization was, the registration so easy, and parking was basically a breeze because of dozens of parking guides.The red carpet leading to the entrance was actually the skirt of a chinook centre goddess who led you to the elevators.You entered two floors of newly remodeled Chinook centre floors with over 14 kiosks of free alchohal and food.  We are talking all you can eat and an endless supply of personally shucked oysters, chicken and beef skewers, funky chinese to go boxes complete with fresh sushi and chopsticks.  There were miniature tacos and burgers and half a dozen desert tablesbrim  filled with dark chocolate, and truffles, and carrot cake  and and and.Lets not forget the sleek goblets of champagne, red and white wine, hearty portions of scotch and scrumptious apple martinis.I was reeling with all the options, when you saw a station next to empty it would be replemished in a bat of your eye.The stores were bright and glistening and people were given beautiful red and white gift bags, brimming with chocalate and calvin klein undies.If this opening is an indication of the new Chinook Centre, it will undoubtedly be a huge success with over 40 more new shopping locations. 5 stars
<review# 1113,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2011,9/18/2011,61,55,,4,1>Worth checking out!We went when they had been open only 4 days and she asked us to come back in a couple weeks when they'd ironed out the kinks. I didn't really notice any kinks though.There were three of us and we ordered two sandwiches and flatbread. I can tell you the BBQ chicken flatbread was delicious, and my colleagues enjoyed their sandwiches. They have a bit of a beer selection here, but I'm not a beer drinker so I can't tell you if it's any good. It's bright and open inside, so even if it's full on the patio, you don't feel relegated to the dungeon for your nightly feeding. Check it out.
<review# 1114,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2011,9/17/2011,88,230,3,5,5>Like Kaeleigh said, we used to come here when it was the Rusty Cage to have cheap beer and wings to watch football. It was always loads of fun and the wings are so tasty!I've been to Studio 82 twice since it reinvented itself...once on Kaeleigh's birthday and once yesterday.Sadly they cut the wings from like fifty flavours to twenty...but they kept some really good ones! I am a wuss when it comes to spice, so I usually get mild, and dill. The wings are really big and SO cheap - on Wednesday and Sundays they are 25 cents a wing - solid deal. Beer is cheap, too.I like the giant patio tables; the patio gets lots of sun but still has shady spots for my pale self to hide.The menu looks really great now, and I saw tons of things I wanted to try. All the appetizers are $10 which is nice, plus they have a special where you can get nachos and two appies for $25...I'm sure we'll be trying that out soon.Also they have loads of specials including happy hours every night.The first time we had a FABULOUS server - she was really above and beyond what you normally expect at a basic pub. Very friendly and quick, always filling our drinks and telling us about the specials and the band that plays on weekends.Yesterday our server was much less friendly - she never smiled or anything like that, so that was kind of a bummer, but whatever.Cheap beer, cheap wings, looks like they still play football - I will be living here every Sunday starting in September!!
<review# 1115,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2010,9/15/2011,19,273,,3,2>Let's Bowl has been a regular event in our lives for quite sometime.  Not having been here for a long while, we went with some friends to rekindle our love for Let's Bowl.Glow bowling is a must go.  It does get very busy these days and they do not take reservations after 7pm.  So get there early.  We didn't, and it was going to be an hour wait.  So we put a name down on the list and went into the lounge for some drinks.  The servers in the lounge have a history with us, they can be really grumpy, or really nice, it depends on when you catch them.  This time, the woman was pleasant.  Their drinks are affordable at $5 a highball.  You can get a pitcher of beer for $13.  After waiting a bit, we lined up and payed for our lane.  It cost us almost $25 per couple for 2 games.  They keep this place really clean.  The black lights and strobe lights give it a really fun feel.  They tend to play great music.  We always pick themed names for each player, this time was comic characters.  We had a blast, as we have always had here!Our love for Let's Bowl was rekindled.  It has changed in small ways over the years, but it still remains a fun place to go have some beer, a poutine, be a bit geeky and bowl a few games!
<review# 1116,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2010,9/14/2011,8,266,4,6,5>When did "lifestyle accessories" replace "head shop" in the common parlance? I must've missed that, or maybe I caught it and forgot it. My memory's not what it used to be. Anyhow, the Next Level "Lifestyle Accessories" has all you need if smoking is part of your lifestyle. They have a wide selection of glass, wood, and ceramic pipes, elaborate water pipes, paper, and paraphernalia. They also have a small selection of clothing. Surprise - Bob Marley and Che Guevara tees are available for purchase. It's a well laid-out store and the staff is friendly and laid back, as evidenced by the "ish" following the store opening times! All as it should be. So, blaze on over to the Next Level if you're in the market to accessorize your lifestyle - nudge nudge, wink wink.
<review# 1117,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2010,9/13/2011,3,38,3,3,4>First off let me say that Ren R.'s review has some erroneous facts within it.  "Leo Boutique is one of the few boutiques left in Calgary after the recession".  This statement is simply not true, as more boutique style stores have opened in Calgary over the last two years or so than ever before in recent memory.  Shops like Brooklyn, Henry, Bloke Clothing among others, as far as I know the only boutique style store that has closed because of the recession is Smyth and Kang.More to the point, Leo Boutique is great, has many brands and styles not often found in Canada such as Acne, but also featuring more common up and coming brands such as Nudie and Cheap Mondays and other great Swedish brands.  Great service, the decor is also very simple but equally elegant.  This is one of 17th ave's best
<review# 1118,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2011,9/12/2011,31,136,3,3,3>Oh Boogies, you're sooooo close to being perfect!First of all I have to say the second I walked into Boogies for the first time, I fell in love. From the vintage arcade games (that still only cost a quarter! I didn't know such a thing was still possible!) to the bright colored, semi-artsy (with a touch of child-like craziness) decor, to the fact that they have luchadore (mexican wrestler) masks across the top of one wall, everything about this place just screamed "FUN" - and that just gets better when you look at the menu that's filled with humorously named burger descriptions I would never have thought of in a million years. I mean, where else could you get the burger my friend had which had what I believe was 4 paddies (could have been more), more bacon and cheese then could possibly be necessary... and HOT DOGS on top of it? I felt like I was looking at the Burger equivilent of Tubby Dog.The staff were all great, and incredibly friendly (even remembered my friends order from two days prior) and made the whole experience even better.Now for the couple things I wasn't too crazy about. The first couple times I eat at a place I like to try not to play around with ingredients too much, to see what they put together - so I went for the two-patty version of their standard burger, hold the tomatoes... which meant I tried their "signature red sauce". Normally I don't get too adventurous when it comes to things so generically described, and this was a perfect example of why. It definitely had a distinctive taste to it, but I really wasn't a fan and there was WAAAAAAAAY too much of it, to the point that my whole burger was basically falling apart by the fourth bite.The other negative point is that this place can be a little pricey, especially if you order one of the bigger burgers. For the one my friend ordered (I believe it was "Doug's Burger" or something similar) and a milk shake it ran up to over 15 bucks, which is nothing compared to an actual formal restaurant meal, but for a burger (esp. with no sides or anything) seems a bit steap.Now, I've since discovered that the same thing, when ordered with barbecue sauce instead is a little slice of heaven... but that could just be my own preference... so by all means, if you're feeling adventurous, give it a try.Also, definitely try their milkshakes! I can't even remember what I had the couple previous times (though I know I've never had a bad one here) last time I went I tried the Pina Calada and... WHOA! First of all, this isn't one of those cheap places where they add a scoop of artificial flavoring. This shake was loaded with shredded coconut and little chunks of pineapple that made every suck on the straw into a slightly different, yet always amazing experience.... well, except for the couple times when I'd get too much of these little fruit chunks too quickly and the straw would get blocked... but it was MORE than worth it.At it's core, Boogies is one of the greatest Burger joints I'd ever been too... had it not been for the "red sauce" experience, it would be a spotless record, but I guess you're probably better off not taking such nitpicky advice from a picky eater such as myself. My only advice would be GO.... NOW!!!
<review# 1119,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/23/2010,9/11/2011,31,50,,5,3>I'm in a giving mood these days - handing out 5 stars all over the place! Well deserved stars though, and The Coup is no exception. It's not just that they use as much organic and local food as possible, or that they make everything from scratch. Or even the fact that they plant trees to offset their waste or recycle & compost everything they can. All of this green effort is deserving in itself. But the food! I have personally never had a bland meal at The Coup; everything has been fresh and fantastic.  I really appreciate how The Coup does not try to hide behind wannabe meat dishes and too much salt, sauce, etc.  The food is a celebration of what the earth has to offer and how delicious whole foods naturally are.  I love leaving a restaurant feeling healthy and satisfied. As you may have heard about The Coup, it can be a lengthy wait as it is pretty popular. The good thing about the wait is that you can sit in the lounge and have a drink and appetizers, which sure beats sitting around in a lobby waiting for a table. I only with they'd knock the drink & starter prices down a bit, I see no need for them to cost as much as your meal. I often end up drinking water because I can't justify prices of even the nonalcoholic drinks. The mains, however, are very reasonably priced. Despite the prices of the aforementioned items, I would 100% recommend The Coup to those who like fresh, quality, healthy food with flavour!
<review# 1120,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2011,9/10/2011,13,45,4,5,4>Once again I find myself on the narrow path that seems to lead directly from my house on 17 SW to my dining room on 17 SE.Skylark was an on a whim decision out of sheer desperation and hunger. on first glance, perhaps not the most modern of places sure, but that is the charm. The food was authentic, flavourful and served with a big smile, My date was vegetarian So after the owner trying to coerce me into ordering butter chicken...I never do btw, seems that butter chicken is the equivilant to being the ginger beef of indian food...Anyways, the owner was pushin the butter chicken, I stated naw, the lady is vegetarian , so he still brought me a little dish for free to sample it.Ive said it before and Ill say it again...Free Sh*t is what im all about.Skylark was definitely worth it, affordable and tasty
<review# 1121,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2011,9/9/2011,95,304,3,18,4>Better than any commercial place I've been and a lot cheaper and more convenient. Operates out of her home which actually makes me feel more comfortable. Top of the lines spa products and very professional. I'm so happy I found a place in Calgary to get my waxing done forevermore! Exceptional attention to detail and is the first place I've been where the waxing is done properly to ensure no ingrowns! I almost don't want to share this place in case it gets too busy and she doesn't have as much time for me anymore! But if you're looking for a great job at the best price in Calgary I wouldn't think twice about booking an appointment. I'm seriously so happy I found this place! Cash only =)
<review# 1122,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2011,9/8/2011,43,100,5,6,3>I love the idea of delivering bread on bike, but for someone who doesn't live downtown (yet) and doesn't work downtown, it was inconvenient for me to get my hands on these gourmet baked goods until the cargo bike store opened up on Stephen Ave. I made a trip this morning to get scones for my office meeting. Peach and Chocolate, and some sort of savory feta scone. So, how were they? I'll tell you as succinctly as I can:THE BEST SCONES EVER.Cute bakery boy too. He was kind of a skinny hipster meets Fabio.
<review# 1123,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2011,9/7/2011,37,59,,4,4>I kept telling at yelp party it's one of the places that u can visit of those Indian restaurants in calgary, but why didn't I review yet?? Here it goes. When it comes to downtown, I can suggest this as one of the good places for buffet of Indian restaurants. Good that we have lunch buffet here over weekend too.( Saturday there was, but not too sure about sunday.) I would want to rate it 3.5 but as I have an option of either 3 or 4, i go with 4.What makes it a 4 star in downtown?The place is pretty big. Very clean and colorful. You will get to have water in copper coated glasses ( Indian style ). Tandoori chicken is really good outta here. I usually dont taste lamb curry, but got to taste here and it was really good that I opted to taste it again.Also they have pakoda, samosa,salad and all as usual menu as other indian restaurants.But remember to save some space in ur stomach for the desserts. Even if you dont have any space try to stuff it in. Never miss them. Gulab jamoon!!! Oh no!!! mouth started watering already... So smooth, hot, delicious, and fruit custard,kheer,carrot sweet were good too.. Why did I leave the rest of the stars?Little costly. Like it goes around $18 for lunch buffet. Not all dishes are excellent. Some were just upto the mark. It is a typical north Indian food. While Raj palace was more of south Indian flavors. There is one other Glory of India in downtown too. Never tasted its lunch buffet as they don't serve it over weekends. I wish i would try that some day and hope it would impress me for 5 stars.Keep waiting :P
<review# 1124,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2011,9/6/2011,50,124,3,4,5>In the early days, I bemoaned the fact that work kept me on the far west end of downtown, in areas largely devoid of both plus-15's, and good restaurants in general. When it's minus 30 out, or pouring rain, this can be highly distressing at lunch hour. It's sometimes easy to forget, while embedded downtown, that Kensington really is only across the bridge. Because of that, lunch choices in the West end are, in fact, not dire. Once I remembered that I could walk there, or better yet, take a short 5 minute drive from 6th ave to 14th street ( #becauseI'mlazy ), I became a Globefish regular. The Kensington location is my favourite of the 3, though the hours are more restrictive than Chinook. Lunch being 11:30 - 3:00, Dinner 5:00 - 9:30. Nonetheless, those hours work for me. Convenience is one thing, the quality of Globefish is another. My several visits thus far have been more than satisfying. The restaurant presents a nice atmosphere for dining with some privacy, as it sports several high-backed booths. Great for a lunch meeting or private conversation without eavesdroppers. The menu is large, diverse, and creative. Plenty of selection ensures that each time you return, you are able to mix it up and try something new. There are two ways I tend to go: the "dressed up" rolls and sashimi, with flavorful sauces that really engage... and sashimi platters so fresh, that drizzled hot sauces would only mask the quality of what's being served. Globefish does both very well, which I appreciate. My common order is the "Deluxe Sashimi," a nicely presented array on ice that looks as good as it tastes. *** Side Note: I did upload a photo of my last Deluxe order for your viewing pleasure. However, I admit the posing shrimp MAY not have been delivered exactly like that... but hey, he looked like he was smiling, so deserved to be in the forefront! **** The value of Globefish is the icing. I find the prices more than competitive. A bento box for lunch is one of the fairest deals around. My only knock against Globefish is the parking situation. The lot fills up fast, so chances are you'll be parking elsewhere and walking. I always make sure to beat the lunch rush to prevent that from happening.
<review# 1125,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2011,9/5/2011,10,42,4,3,3>The Lazy Loaf and I go way back. In those far off days, my dad used to take me here for lunch when I'd come bother him for a loan to help me make rent. A half sandwich and a soup was more than I usually had eaten in a week during those days of student loans and ramen noodles.Now I am long past those poverty days and I can afford my own sandwich, yet I still can only eat a half sandwich with a soup, no matter how tasty that kettle bread is.
<review# 1126,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2011,9/4/2011,55,116,5,7,6>This place is a place after my food heart! Total quality, awesome service and all you can possibly eat. The servers will make sure of that let me tell you! Good thing I prepared for battle splitting a whole head of lettuce with Dan, thats all we ate the whole day before we came!Gaucho is quite popular. You need to book (via internet) well in advance. I booked it for a birthday party like a month before and even then it was tricky to find a time and day for a table of ten. Lucky for us it all worked out! The meal lived up to every expectation and then some! The salad bar was something to behold, not too many items and not overstocked (a true sign of quality) some really tasty veggies strawberry spinach salad, salsa and other stuff a cant remember! Also hot items like rice, beans and their was also a fish stew which I was very fond of. I didn't take too much because I wanted to save plenty of room for the meat! it was all really good! So then the meat came. The little two sided cow card(green and red)  that signals the "gauchos" to come around with their meat offerings a carve it tableside. Skewered through meat swords everything was so good! Cooked to perfection and seasoned perfectly. I especially loved the beef ribs and the chicken hearts! Though i mean all the other meats were a close second! OH MAN! Now I am getting hungry just thinking about it....In the heat of battle I started to loose my appetite, I am pretty sure I tried all the meats but man was it tough to do! The ONLY bad thing about gaucho was the dessert. I got this ice cream with grilled pineapple (the pineapple was dry and chewy) but you know what? I cant fault them a star for that! These guys just destroyed me in the best way possible!  I tip my hat to them! The aftermath: the WHOLE party went to a house and we all fell into a meat coma... Gaucho sings a sweet lullaby though! but make no mistake it can make even the most hardcore of eaters fall to their knees and beg for mercy! I will be back! oh I will be back! check it !
<review# 1127,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2011,9/3/2011,165,224,4,8,5>Charcut is a gem in Calgary. Not only does it house our local celebrity Connie De Souza, but it is a TOP NOTCH restaurant to boot.The first time I had gone there was during Dine Out Calgary. I was immediately impressed with the place when I walked in. The decor was stylish, upscale, and it was bustling inside - like I was in some kind of New York / Los Angeles restaurant! You dont get that very often in this city.. Upon being seated by a lovely French Canadian waitress, I ordered the tuna conserva, steak with chimichurri sauce and the saskatoon berry cheesecake.Tuna conserva was okay, I enjoyed it, but was not thrilled about it. My dining partners had the pig head mortadella, which they claimed were the best they had eaten. The steak was amazing. It was actually served in slices with the chimichurri sauce on it, and the fries on top of it too! Very unique presentation and very tasty dish. We were all very impressed with the dish. The dessert was also really good. I am not a huge fan of saskatoon berries, but it was still a very good dessert! Everyone at my table agreed and ate up the whole thing!Now, lets move to... the drinks. This restaurant serves up some FANTASTIC cocktails. And I mean mouth-wateringly delicious. I cant quite remember the names, but there are some amazing cocktails served in champagne flutes, which you MUST try! One time I had this amazing concoction of apple/ pear, crushed ice and other forms of deliciousness which simply blew my mind. Last, but definitely, NOT the least. Heck, the Alley Burgers. There are no words to describe it. It must be seen and attended to be fully understood. Charcut's high quality gourmet meat, on a warm bun... just $5. Yes, you read that right. This is not a typo. It is $5. But there is a catch. You will have to lineup in the alley behind the restaurant, possibly on a random weeknight and beat out a good hundred people to get your hands on these notoriously delicious and infamous burgers. But hey, nobody said life was going to be easy. All in all, this restaurant has so many dimensions to it, its almost like a house of mirrors. A swanky, bustling house of glistening mirrors with terrific cocktails and Top Chef quality food.
<review# 1128,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2011,9/2/2011,13,27,6,7,6>Nothing satisfies the sweet tooth like a crave cupcake....red velvet in particular....does anyone know even what red velvet actually is?...I mean what is in it? chocolate or just red :S....actually, come to think of it I'd rather be left mystified  about the best cupcake i've ever hard by far.Theres quite a variety of different flavour's (second favourite is the princess) and the regular sizes are like $3.  But not to worry cuz they are pretty massive.  Getting through one can be a arduous yet delicious chore.  And getting through two will push you sweetness taste buds to the brink albeit a heavenly brink.The setup is pretty sweet as well.  Its simplistic yet I always feel like i'm in a disney movie when i walk in.  Maybe its cause you get bambarded with all the different colors of frosting in a row. easily one of the best desserts in town!
<review# 1129,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2010,9/1/2011,162,32,,5,2>My husband and I have visited the revolving restaurant many years ago.  This summer I was fortunate to win a gift certificate on Twitter.We had the most enjoyable experience.We planned the evening so that we would be dining at dusk.  Arrived at the Calgary Tower early and spent some time on the observation deck before taking our table for dinner. Appetizers were amazing. Ceasar Salad has so much flavour and the portion was larger than I expected.My husband ordered the Meat Platter appetizer.  Pricey, but worth every penny.  Assortment of meats with bread & cheese, and serveral mustards.  Would order again!My husband opted for the steak, he likes it rare and it came perfectly prepared.  I decided on the lamb - which proved to be the perfect choice.  Cooked to perfection, I have trouble describing in words how delicious it was. Again, both entres were larger portions than we expected.  For dessert, we decided on the homemade Sorbet - again the perfect choice.  The trio of flavours were the perfect end to a wonderful meal.We stayed for approximately 2 rotations.  We were in on the Observation Deck during full daylight, then for the first rotation it was beginning to get dark, but still light enough to see a great distance.  By the time the 2nd rotation started, it was fully dark and we enjoyed the lights.There is really not a bad table - each has a direct view.  Service was excellant.  With the order of an entree, the cost of ascending the tower is waived. Lots of parking in parkades close to the Tower.Most surprising fact of the evening - how large the portions of food were.  We will definitely return.
<review# 1130,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2009,8/31/2011,29,51,,5,4>I really wish I could get out to hear these guys more often. I suppose that means that the times I do attend a concert are just extra special these days. This review is based on my CPO concert-going experience spanning 16 years, with some specifics on the last two concerts I attended.The CPO is truly one of the top orchestras in the country. The group has come a long way since its inception in 1955. Like all world-class orchestras, they offer the staples of concert series: Baroque (the Serenade Series), Classical and Pops. In more recent history, they have added a new music festival, a Tchaikovsky Festival and crowd-pleasing specials like Jeans &  Classics, Video Games Live, Bugs Bunny on Broadway and Star Trek. Their Saturday Morning at the Symphony Series is also quite popular.I attended the Video Games Live 2.0 concert and one of the New Works performances in May. Their website provides a lot of information to help you make your purchase. The Box Office is extremely friendly, efficient and helpful when you need to contact them with a question or group ticket purchase.The VGL 2.0 concert experience was a blast! They had gaming stations in the lobby, a costume contest, CD's, t-shirts, giveaways, and the Nintendo people were there. Even the Blindfolded Pianist of Youtube fame made an appearance. It was a huge celebration of gaming. Members of the audience came up to play Space Invaders and Guitar Hero. The orchestra played the music to match the players' progress (or lack thereof). In contrast, the New Works concert was a celebration of our Canadian composers. This was held at the Rozsa Centre. The group looked crowded on stage, but it somehow worked. I loved how the newest cellist waded his way to the front of the stage to make some opening remarks. There are a lot of new, fresh faces in the orchestra and they are giving the CPO a cool, hip vibe. That's a good thing. Yes, the orchestra needs to sound good, but to attract younger audiences, they also need to exude a bit of that "coolness factor", whether they're playing Bach, Brahms, Alan Gordon Bell or Bugs Bunny.The artists came out to talk after each performance as well.Those Hagen-Daaz bars are a great treat too.Venues are top notch. The Jack Singer Concert Hall has wonderful acoustics. If you're going for sound, there isn't a bad seat in the house. If you want a good view, some seats are better than others. There is a good range of tickets, from dirt cheap to top of the line to meet any budget.Seating is really good at the Rozsa Centre. It's a smaller facility but everything sounds and looks good in there. It's got a more intimate feel to it as well.As for the "front of house" environment, they've recently made some updates in the lobby that make traffic flow smoother, but that's the EPCOR Centre's domain so I won't go more into that.It's really cool that they have orchestra members interacting more with the public with things like SMATS, opening addresses and the Ask a Musician section on their website.Berthold Auerbach once said that "Music washes away from the soul the dust of everyday life." Does the CPO deliver on this? Yes they do. They are a dedicated bunch and they play "con molto espressione".[EDIT: To be absolutely honest, I worked @ CPO a very long time ago. It's been over 12 years ago and I don't know anyone there anymore so I trust that it's safe to review without any conflicts.]
<review# 1131,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2010,8/30/2011,15,13,,5,4>Firstly, best.massage.ever. My experience at the Stillwater Spa haunts me (in a good way). I've only been there once for a 60 minute body butter massage. The reception ladies are so incredibly nice and completely accommodating. They let you know how everything works and where to go and all the options you have!You can get there early and use the other amenities in the change rooms, which include Sauna, Steamroom, Showers, Hot tub. You get your own pair of comfy sandals & a lush housecoat. Once it's time for you to go to your massage, you head into a co-ed sort of room where they served 4 types of water (lemon, lime, cucumber & grapefruit) and fruits and some type of nut bar (which I didn't try). The massage room is dark, quite, warm & peaceful. I got to pick the scent I wanted for the body butter, which included milk & honey, lavender, and about 3 others (which I didn't pay any attention to cuz, I'm a milk and honey kinda girl). After the massage I was brought a tall glass of water (my choice of flavor) and I could stay and use any of the amenities mentioned above before I left. They are pricey, but you get what you pay for. I will 100% be going back to the spa, the experience exceeded all my other spa treatments combined.
<review# 1132,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2011,8/29/2011,98,157,4,7,4>Ahh, Bill's.Nobody satisfies the "white-man's-Chinese" urge quite like you.On the whole, everything is very well-prepared. Bill's will leave you feeling full, but never gross.I am hard-pressed to find a dumpling better than Bill's. The service, however, is really what sets Bill's apart. Ever-attentive, ever-professional, these white-polo-and-denim-clad masters are ready to serve you at your very whim and command.And none more masterful than the great Spock himself.For this reason (as well as the freshness of food) it is always a better choice to dine-in than carry out (or worse still, delivery).God bless you, Bill. You have changed my life.
<review# 1133,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2011,8/28/2011,128,46,,7,5>As a lover of world cuisine, I was thrilled to learn that my friend's brother Jash is the owner of Rasoi. And it took me THIS long to finally try it out.The decor is clean, modern and elegant as I walked in. Jash greeted me warmly and got me a glass of water (cool, refreshing cucumber water with not too much ice) as I looked over the menu.I chose the coconut curry shrimp with naan to start. The curry was flavourful, but delicate and fresh tasting. There was a slice of lemon perched atop the tiger shrimp, which is both visually stunning and delish. And the naan? Holy. I love naan bread, but these sweet, soft beauties are the best I've had in a long time. When I was finished with the shrimp dish, Jash brought me some more naan to enjoy the curry with. Good thing! I wouldn't want to waste any of it. Compliments to the chef (who I also got to meet)!I also tried a new lager from Montreal. Refreshingly Canadian and a surprisingly beautiful complement to the Indian fusion food.Also, Rasoi's equipped with free wireless and is fairly quiet for weekday dinner time. You will need to come early or make reservations for weekends, though.  Will definitely come back with a group of friends for some after work bevvies. Gotta say, I love it!
<review# 1134,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2011,8/27/2011,16,16,6,6,4>I tried hot yoga for the first time last week at "Moksha Hot Yoga" and I thoroughly enjoyed it. I compete it mixed martial arts, and I'm telling ya, hot yoga is a whole new form of cardio! If you're going, be prepared to drink lots of water and make sure you bring a towel because you are literally going to be a living, breathing, Hoover Dam in that place.The receptionist was very friendly, and the instructor was extremely helpful and knowledgable. She was definitely good at helping a guy (who is about as flexible as a 2 by 4), in his first class =). I fit right in! The class was both athletically challenging and extremely relaxing.If you're a girl, please continue to paragraph four. If you're a guy... The girls at this place are SMOKIN! Picture a hot, sweaty room full of athletic women in yoga outfits performing stretches. Wow!  (NOTE: THE ROOM IS SURROUNDED BY MIRRORS, SO YOU MUST BE STEALTHY WITH YOUR CREEPINESS). This would be a great place to meet girls, especially because if a girl's into yoga, she's probably also physically fit and into a healthy lifestyle, which a lot of guys can appreciate. As well as super flexible, which is a good tool to have if she's ever moving furniture or doing other things?The only complaint I have is the cost of the class. It was 23 dollars for a 1 hour session + a towel. They also charge $3 dollars for a jar of water. In their defense, I passed on it to save the 3 bucks (because I am a cheap bitch), and halfway through the class they gave me a free one because of how much I was sweating. It would be medically unsafe not to be consuming liquids during one of these sessions!All in all, I would (and already have) recommend this place to a friend.
<review# 1135,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/6/2010,8/26/2011,32,10,2,3,2>One of the top Indian Restaurants in Calgary.Delhi Darbar has actually been on the Calgary restaurant scene for a while, working out of a Glenmore Trail location for four years before moving to their current location on 16 Ave NE. Like many Indian restaurants in the city, their menu is filled with delicious-sounding vegetarian and non-vegetarian choices, with specialty items highlighted in red. They also have a short "fusion" menu with items that I had not seen anywhere else in Calgary. It was difficult to decide what to order!Special NOTE - 80 % of Menu is Gluten Free and Friendly Lunch Buffet Monday to Friday $13.00 aDinner Buffet Monday to Wednesday  $20.00Wednesday Nights if you are lucky they sometimes play Bollywood MoviesJai Ho
<review# 1136,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2011,8/25/2011,1,10,,3,3>What a riot!  My first time to this place and I loved every minute of it. Lovely decor, soothing lighting, the staff make you feel comfortable right away. Watching the food being delivered to the tables was like being at a gallery opening to see the works of some fresh new artist. And the thing I liked the most was the gang of staff singing to/with us, banging drums and making my daughter and her boyfriend say loving things to each other. All in all, the experience it was a feast for the senses and had a kind of joyous feel to it. By the way, we were told by the staff that if they make sure the woman at the table is happy, then for sure the man will be happy. Makes sense to me.
<review# 1137,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2011,8/24/2011,6,6,,4,2>I love the Gypsy! I've used this restaurant many times for work meetings at lunch and it's always been great! But be warned, the tables are small if you're reviewing documents at all.Yesterday I met a friend for lunch and we had the best experience! Our waiter was fun, funny and appropriate. Definitely made the dining experience more enjoyable.I had the scallop salad and it was divine! My friend had some pasta dish that had bacon in it and he loved it too. Some wonderful flaky buns were presented before the meal, along with a tiny little bit of butter. We made a joke about the butter being so tiny and our waiter not only got us more butter but also brough us more bread later through the meal! Yum!The decor is warm and eclectic. I love the cosy atmosphere.Definitely recommend the Gypsy for lunch. I hope to someday go for dinner!
<review# 1138,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2011,8/23/2011,85,210,1,5,3>I visited Brasserie in the first week it opened - was not disappointed. My friend and I shared a mushroom poutine and potato skins. Both were excellent. The tastes were vivid, which I love - why eat anything unless it tastes awesome? Instead of little bits, there were big pieces of bacon on the potato skins. Not only is this better for the average diner, but also for me, as I'm a pollo-vegetarian, so I had to pick them off ;)The drink menu is unique - you won't see your typical beers or ciders on it. A great opportunity to try something new.The one thing that chafed a little was the "Q" water. I drink a lot of water, so it's a necessity at any meal, but I'd prefer not to pay $3 for it. Apparently other restaurants have a similar system but charge less - perhaps Brasserie could consider lowering the cost a little.Otherwise, I highly recommend a visit, especially for the poutine!
<review# 1139,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2011,8/22/2011,40,98,,7,5>Addicted to this place. I visit the Farmer's Market almost each weekend just for this coffee. And I'm not even the biggest coffee fan, until now. Yes, they are slightly pricier, but they make it worth your while to line up, and wait the 5-10 minutes for your free drip coffee (using the Chemex). They small batch roast their coffees, and I feel like I can taste the difference. They have a new menu of available coffee's each time I visit, which is a nice variation to be able to have different offerings. For some reason I feel that this coffee is better than Phil & Sebastian's, Deville's and obviously Starbucks, maybe even Beano's if I may be so bold! These people take their coffee seriously, and the results are obvious.
<review# 1140,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2011,8/21/2011,59,52,4,4,1>I bought donuts to treat my lovely coworkers yesterday and the comments I got from them were "I hate you", "you've ruined my life"...... I was scratching my head and thought, the donuts not good?   Nope, it is the opposite.  They love it so much and they couldn't stop eating them.  The decor is quite cute - pink.  I just thought the counter/cashier is a little bit strange.  I choose the donuts then I go to the other side to pay.  It was just a little bit confusing for me.  But other than that, no complain.Honestly the donuts are a bit pricey in my opinion, but the novelty and amount of selection you get to choose from totally worth a try.
<review# 1141,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2011,8/19/2011,15,72,4,3,2>I've always loved airports, that sense that there's something new and exciting just a flight away. Seeing people meet their loved ones a la "Love, Actually". Watching the business travelers forceful strides as the zoom away from baggage pick up towards the rental counters / car service. Or that one poor bas*ard waiting for his luggage as the empty carousel spins round and round. YYC is a small airport for a city the size of Calgary. It's well organised in terms of departures with Air Canada on the far end / WestJet on the near end of the driveway. Staff have always been helpful especially the volunteer seniors easily recogonised in their white cowboy hats. One odd design feature I've never understood are the luggage carousels being outside the security area. I've always kept my check-in luggage tags in case the Airport Police ask to see them to verify I'm not stealing anyone else's luggage in error. The carousels have displays from Alberta museums to give passengers something to look at while waiting for their luggage. From memory there are exhibits from the Royal Tyrell (dinosaurs), Heritage Park (old west / pioneer) and the Military Museum (self explanatory). Shopping is limited to the usual airport type stores though if you're in need of a last second gift the Bernard Callebut chocolate store is a quick stop everyone will appreciate. The food court has standard fare though lacks anything that would qualify as healthy; however all is forgiven as both Tim Horton's and Starbucks are available past security unlike some other Canadian airports I've traveled. One warning, if you are flying Air Canada Jazz you may be in the 'basement' terminal, I have no idea what the real name however it looks like a bus stop and is located on a sub-level I never knew existed until I took a plane to Edmonton. If you're gate is at this level bring coffee & a book as there are no windowsWiFi is available however you'll have to log-in using your Facebook account. Baggage carts are available for free saving me from having to ask for change or carry everything like a circus strongman.
<review# 1142,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2011,8/18/2011,187,427,4,3,4>In this kawa episode product trumps service. The coffee here is divine. They make a mean cafe mocha. From the balanced blend of coffee/chocolate taste to the detailing on top of the drink, they are flawless. It's even the perfect temperature. Not too hot not too cold. Simply gorgeous! They have the artistic side of coffee down pat. Never tried the food here and to be honest I wouldn't want to. It doesn't look special and I rarely come to coffee shops to eat.  I dig the atmosphere here as well, it's cool casual where students, friends and professional meet to work on projects, talk business or just hang out. The service, on the other hand, is an atrocious. I have never been to a coffee shop where one has to wait 10 mins to be acknowledged when the staff is only 6 feet away. Indeed it can be hectic making so many other orders simultaneously, but a simple "be with you in a sec" would suffice. You could teach a monkey to do that! (Joke, please don't spit in my coffee if you recognize my face or hair from yelp)Oh well! Perhaps I should be more assertive next time. I'm willing to fight for my fix of kawa. Baristas beware! (Joke, please see above request)
<review# 1143,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2011,8/17/2011,33,81,,5,5>When I heard about a Mexican buffet here in Calgary, the first thought that came to my mind was "all-you-can-eat Tacotime". Fortunately La Casita was anything but. Whatever it lacked in selection was made up for by the quality of the food. The chicken in chipotle sauce was by far one the tastiest things I have had anywhere and is worth the cost of the buffet itself. Being located in the same space as Wicked Chili gives this place an edge compared to most locations in Calgary - one side of the restaurant is authentic Indian food and the other side is authentic Mexican. For an interesting and tasty dining experience I would highly recommend to anyone.
<review# 1144,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2010,8/16/2011,19,9,5,6,2>Hands down, the best strudel in town. (Sorry Grandma!)I visit Amandine once a week, minimum. Whether it be for a delicious cinnamon bun, a croissant (chocolate filled or not), pain au chocolat, bread (yeah they make that too), or sometimes I even stop in for lunch to enjoy a 'sub' style sandwich served on fresh baked baguette... hmm...Amandine really is a treat that should be experienced and shared.  I recommend them to everyone.The staff is friendly, their is usually parking, it's conveniently located (for me anyway haha) and the only negative thing I can think about is that they are closed on Mondays - oh yeah and they sometimes run out of cinnamon buns, but I usually blame myself for not getting there early enough.The apple strudel really is the best and must be experienced to fully comprehend the joy of slightly crisp cooked apple slices wrapped up in flaky heavenly pastry.  You can buy it by the slice, or the slab - guess how I buy it?....When I was there on Saturday, this lady came in with her 2 young kids in tow - the one kid, the son, kept shouting "it smells like heaven in here".  You nailed it kid.Matthew"Try it, you'll like it"
<review# 1145,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2011,8/15/2011,40,64,8,3,3>Can I really comment on Dim Sum? I'm white. Speak no Cantonese or Mandarin, and I love all Dim Sums equally, like Jesus loved children. So, when I was invited out for Dim Sum this past weekend by a bona fide Chinese friend, I thought, yes, I will eat Dim Sum and write an insightful Yelp review by leeching off of my friend's cultural and gourmand insight.I don't know. I liked the place. Some of the best taro balls that I have ever had, the tripe was great. It was all awesome. I didn't order a thing though, as it was all done by my friend. So another experience via proxy which I felt was pretty satisfying.And Jason, maybe you went during lunch or something when all the white-ys from City Hall meander down for lunch? I went on a Monday for Dim Sum and I was one of maybe 2 white people in the place.
<review# 1146,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2011,8/14/2011,34,45,,6,2>The queer community in Calgary has been waiting for a great gay-friendly bar to open up - and the time has come!Club Sapien is a casual-dining restaurant by day and a great dance club by night - this is a hard thing to pull off because no one wants to eat where people were grinding the night before (try to not think about that one too hard.) However - Sapien has really hit the nail on the head with this one. The food is great, the service is really welcoming and the management is super supportive of everyone - especially the gay community. Whether you're going for lunch with friends or looking to get drunk with friends any night of the week - this is a great option for you. If I had to note one negative thing, it'd be that they don't yet have beer on tap, so they only serve limited bottled options. If they can get some craft beer in, I'll be there every weekend! ;-)
<review# 1147,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2011,8/13/2011,65,117,3,7,3>Yep. Yep. I like Galaxy.This little joint has always been a favorite of mine and it's for one simple reason; the food here is delicious.This is quality greasy spoon; mismatched coffee cups and all. Expect bottomless hashbrowns, generous portions, quality ingredients, fresh coffee, juicy bacon, real butter and a hell of a $7 milkshake. For a busy place, the service is quick and you'll never wait really long to get in (that said, on a Saturday or Sunday morning, the wait will be significantly longer).Bravo Galaxy! You're true-blue diner and nothing more, and that's why I love you.
<review# 1148,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2011,8/12/2011,19,165,4,4,5>My experience at the Palomino is largely relegated to the basement, though I have heard the joint is broken up into three levels, including a rooftop patio. We have played here about four times, and each time it has been an eventful gathering of people eager to rock out with metal knights. The food, or at least what I have sampled, makes me sad I haven't eaten more: the pulled pork was delightfully tender, and the burger I had was on the delicious side. An intriguing conceit of BBQ and metal music together in harmony in the heart of Calgary, but there is no better way to do it!
<review# 1149,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/11/2010,8/11/2011,69,229,1,5,4>I stopped in here today and had the kabob roll. I got the small size for $6.98. It was huge. Had 2 really big kabobs with cucumber, onions, lettuce, tomatoes, and donair sauce. The kebabs were so flavorful, one of the best I've had. You could taste all kinds of wonderful spices. It wasn't just a couple hunks of grilled meat. The naan bread it was wrapped in was soft and tasty, perfect. They have a smaller size that you can get with a pop for $4.99, just make sure to ask for that deal and not the regular sized one. My order did take a while to prepare but I thought it was well worth the wait. I'm planning on going back to try some other Indian dishes and if they're anything like the kabob roll, I'll be very happy. As for the pizza, I might give that a try in the near future too since they have very reasonable prices. It does seem like a weird combination of foods here: Indian and pizza. Would never have put them together but if it works, then who cares.
<review# 1150,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2011,8/10/2011,86,132,,3,4>My family loves dim sum & Regency Palace is our favorite place to go.  You can argue that it may not be the best place for dim sum in Calgary but there are definitely some perks:1. It is HUGE so you can walk in at noon on Saturday with 8 of your closest friends & you'll still likely get a table with no wait.2. It has carts and a steam table full of their most popular dim sum items.  If the chicken feet have passed for the fifth time & you want something else just go up to the steam table with your ticket and take your dishes back to your table.Today there were 7 of us and we were stuffed and the bill came out to $15 per person including tax and tip.  Woot!
<review# 1151,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2011,8/9/2011,194,334,3,6,4>I went to the Cookbook Co. Cooks for a Girl's Night Out cooking class with one of my girlfriends, and it was a high energy, fun evening that both of us enjoyed.The Girl's Night Out class is a hands-on course, that has us preparing and consuming 4 different cocktails, and six appetizers, and then having a good ol' fashioned pigout.There were many wins, and a few losses with taking this course that I wanted to share.Wins:My girlfriend Mary doesn't drink, so she got a $10 gift certificate for not drinking any boozeLosses:I didn't get her drinks.Wins: The large class size for a woman's event was full of laughter, bantering, and of course, more hands to help chop and prepare our appetizers, so that got the cooking done faster, and left more time for eating.Losses:With a large class size, it was an ongoing challenge to get the attention of the instructor, or either of his two assistants.  He was great and did his best, but it was frustrating at times.Wins:I'm not a huge lamb fan, but thanks to this class, I actually might prepare it.  The burgundy soaked lamb chops with cilantro mint gremolata gave me shivers.  The good ones... not the shudders.Losses:Wear long sleeves and shades when searing the lamb.  Would I take a class here again?  Absolutely.  It was an amazing experience.  My own personal opinion, is that I would take the demonstration class next time.  This is my personal preference, because I didn`t realize with the hands on class that I would be preparing only one appetizers.  The good news, we got 'er done, and it was fun. The bad news, is I did not see how the other yummy appetizers were prepared.  We did catch glimpses. :)
<review# 1152,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2011,8/8/2011,45,205,,4,4>I decided to try this place out on a Friday,just after what I thought would be the lunch rush. It was 3pm and the place was almost empty. As mentioned its located in the basement of the old Tangerine supper Club, so you cant tell either way what time of day it is. Nonetheless, I liked the simple decor, and found the staff really friendly. It doesnt come off pretentious like some of the other wine and pizza places around. We decided to share the calamari. Im glad we did, because it was a HUGE portion. It was melt in your mouth delicious. Despite having lemon and capers, was neither too salty or citrusy. Next came the Spinach, Potato, Egg and Roasted Garlic pizza, which we shared. Picked this one because of the unusual combo of ingredients and it worked! It had the right amount of toppings, a think chewy crust and lots of garlic. Add to that the refillable coffee, also good, and I was suprisingly full. Another place ill have to visit again.
<review# 1153,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2011,8/7/2011,15,66,2,5,4>The Tea and Collector has recently acquired the 2011 Early Spring Harvest 1st Flush Lung Ching (Dragonwell). It is considered by many a critic to be one of the best harvests ever and I rather doubt any readers are going to find a finer green tea no matter how hard they try, excepting those that know the prefect in the West Lake district of China. This is green tea at its very best and eclipses, by a long shot, what is selling at the trendy tea shops for the same price. Ten Rens has one a grade lower for slightly less money but it too does not approach the plateau of what T&C has achieved. However, it is still better than the trendy offerings.This gem is a steal at $36.00 per 100 grams. If you brew gongfu style (1/3 tea leaves by volume of pot with 6 to 10 second infusions), it would be a sin to brew it any other way, a 150ml yixing tea pot will give you about 8 brews for 100 grams. Expect 4 superb infusions with each brew and at least 4 more on a downward sliding scale.Any fermentation of green tea essentially renders it worthless but not useless. This tea has been stored and shipped properly totally away from moisture and oxygen and is virtually free of fermentation. If your tea smells more like an Oolong or Bao Zhong then it has fermented and the green taste will have been supplanted by a much much milder version of the later two teas mentioned. It's not bad tea, it is just no longer green tea in taste nor aroma.The first image that I formed upon determining the dry aroma was baked asparagus. Only the finest Lung Chings achieve this. The leaves were completely free of dust and radiated a wonderful emerald green. A dull but distinctly green liquor was the observation upon brewing, again perfection. If your teas appear to have tinges of orange colour it is inferior and most likely a bit fermented. The wet aroma was that of roasted chestnut and, on the palate, one could taste a delicate fresh asparagus almost instantaneously. The finish was silky and light with no bitter aftertaste whatsoever. Lower grades invariably always have a slight bitterness to them.At most, T&C has about ten pounds of this gift from the gods. When that runs out the chances are there will be none left anywhere on the planet. Run, don't walk. However, you will have to wait until the 24th of June because the owners are on holiday. I intend to be there at 10 AM that day to make sure I have an opportunity to purchase much more.
<review# 1154,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2010,8/6/2011,116,106,,4,4>I can't speak on the entertainment or social aspects as I've only been a few times and usually never when there's anything on stage (although they do have live jazz every Saturday, and it sounded great the one time I managed to catch it), but I *can* speak on the food and the burgers here are excellent!They have many types in different styles, and is one of the few places I've managed to find where you can get your burger with eggs as a topping (something I love about Red Robin in Vancouver).It seems a very simple menu though, although they do offer brunch on the weekends.  Very reasonably priced as well.So as a food place, it's great.  In my opinion, it competes with The Ship & Anchor in terms of quality for price.  Recommended.
<review# 1155,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2011,8/5/2011,130,261,3,6,5>DISCLAIMER: While my Skeptic little self has never experience Knox United Church (or any other church, truth be told) as a religious organization, I really appreciate its role in Calgary's music community.It would seem that all of the best shows occur at Knox. It is where I have had the chance to see some of my favourite (has anyone else noticed that Yelp totally spellchecks the Canadian spelling of FAVOURITE? Probably just jealous that we spell it proper) artists perform, such as Owen Pallet, Timber Timbre, Daniel Johnston, Dan Mangan, and the list goes on. I've seen Owen Pallet a few times here, and the acoustics of the church always contain his violin music more beautifully than I have ever witnessed seeing his act at outdoor festivals or larger venues. Daniel Johnston was also completely haunting, which I believe the space contributed to a lot. The church itself aesthetically is absolutely gorgeous, and rich in history, from what I understand. The sound is something I just can't get over. Incredible. There is something about this venue that makes me all warm inside. I actually sometimes attend shows based on whether or not it is at Knox.
<review# 1156,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2010,8/4/2011,45,109,2,4,2>Their dishes are similar to what Green Lettuce in Vancouver offers (see my review, one of my favorite restaurants in Van).  Many dishes are a fusion of indian and chinese cuisine.  I tried a lamb/broccoli dish which had hints of sweet & sour sauce mixed with some curry, it was amazing.  I definitely want to come back just to try the other things they offer.  If you are just looking for normal indian cuisine (aloo gobi, butter chicken, etc), they have that too.  I didn't try those, so I'm not sure if there is any chinese influence thrown in.As much as I like this place, I am not giving it a full 5 stars because Green Lettuce in Vancouver held the bar so high for me.  I can't shake it off.  Still, Singh and I is highly recommended.
<review# 1157,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2011,8/3/2011,52,76,,3,2>The Gioi aka Noodle World Vietnamese Restaurant. This is the place I hit it up when I *DON'T* want to eat pho. Sometimes it's more than Pho, it's all about the Vietnamese cuisine.When I'm in the mood to eat rice dishes or vermicelli dishes this is the place I goto for those kinds of items. I really like their Com Bo Nuong Tao Hu Ky aka Rice with Beef and Bean Curd (I think lol.).I'm also a fan of their Hieu Tieu dishes as well, the glass noodle kind, mostly seafood and usually very delicious to eat. I'll also add to the items I eat here is Bo Luc Lac with Macaroni. I know, simple dish right? Beef cubes and Macaroni --- but I love it! I'm a pretty simple fellow myself.Cafe Suda Da aka Iced Vietnamese Coffee is something I usually order from here as well.Service is usually very good, walk in - seated and within 5 minutes of sitting the order is taken and although it may take a few minutes extra for your food the restaurant itself is decent looking enough to enjoy sitting there twiddling your thumbs a little extra, not too much extra or I'm going to re-write this part of my review.Staff are friendly, english is average but good enough for people who work in a Vietnamese restaurant.
<review# 1158,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2011,8/2/2011,0,8,,3,3>This is the best sushi in calgary for those who KNOW what good sushi is. It's not full of, over the top, fancy rolls, in fact the menu is rather basic. But the rice is PERFECT, and their spicy sauce for the spicy tuna appetiser and the spicy seafood rolls is one of the best dishes in ANY restaurant in Calgary. I always say if you're entertaining clients, take them to globefish or blowfish for the atmosphere and the fancy rolls that look like art. But for PERFECT sushi....go to misato
<review# 1159,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2010,8/1/2011,34,145,,5,2>I have been here a few times since the last review but I thought it was fitting that I reviewed again. My friend and I are both carnivores at heart and he had never been to Caesar's so we had an afternoon lunch in the lounge. I decided to try the Rib eye this time which is a cut I usually only eat at home off the BBQ. It's usually not cooked right for me in restaurants but at Caesar's they know beef. The steak was terrific, the side cucumbers and tomatoes are a must here and if they put enough of the vinegar based dressing they can't be beat. With a delicious side caesar salad to start and the complimentary onion soup I don't think you can have a better lunch. We watched football on the TV in the lounge and the service was very friendly and prompt. She even laughed at all my buddies corny jokes which lead to him wanting to buy so he could tip. This was a win-win day for me.
<review# 1160,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2011,7/31/2011,11,53,2,4,2>Haven't been here much, but I have found my experiences to be quite wonderful. I can't think of a Vietnamese restaurant I've been to that's been bad, but Bagolac Saigon has a better edge when compared to others. Most the ones I've gone to are small with average decor. Bagolac is a larger area and the rich brown colours and mellow music make it a nice relaxing and calm place to eat. The menu is huge! They will likely have whatever item that you are craving to eat! The service is a little hit and miss, but never anything worth getting angry over. The quality of food is amazing and comes in a large portion size worth the price. Definitely a place to go eat when you're in the area!
<review# 1161,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2011,7/29/2011,4,55,,4,2>I am a big fan of this little place in the +15 in the Sun Life Plaza building. I get the English Muffin special (eggs, bacon, cheese) every day. They use real eggs, which is a big thing for me. I dont like that microwavable stuff. In the morning, you can see them preparing for the lunch rush and they seem to really take pride in good quality foods. I noticed one of the employees examining the lettuce for top notch pieces. This made me very impressed. I havent tried anything other than their breakfast sandwich's, but it is defiantly on my list of things to try, because it looks so good. Their lunch menu consist of sandwiches, wraps, hot meals and of course, crepes! The prices and very reasonable considering the prices we pay for food downtown.
<review# 1162,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2011,7/28/2011,24,43,,7,6>Checked out the new market last weekend, and it's pretty wonderful!  Row after row of food vendor, both ready to serve and stuff to cook later.  The biggest problem was deciding what to eat first!I did notice there seemed to be fewer non-food vendors than in the previous location, but I think the abundance of food makes up for that.It was pretty chaotic opening weekend, but they had parking attendants out and everything seemed under control - and I'm sure the chaos will die down after a couple weeks.The Market is a favourite of many when the weather's gorgeous, but I'd even recommend checking it out on a stormy day - it's all enclosed, and I bet you'd have to fight fewer crowds!
<review# 1163,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2011,7/27/2011,19,109,,2,2>oooh my gosh!! This is the best darn place I have ever gone for an old-fashioned burger. I really mean that. Actually, Rob had the burger and I had a grilled cheese & fries and a root beer float (sooo yummy!). Aside from the big, greasy and delicious food, the waitress we had was absolutely wonderful. You don't see service like that everyday these days, so that's for sure worth it.And, to top off the great service and great food, it's surprisingly bigger on the inside than one would expect from the seedy shack-like appearance. It's very nicely decorated with photos of old cars and records on the wall with an ocassional James Dean poster. It's all authentic, and I understand the owner who has recently bought this diner/drive-thru has named it after his daughter. If you're in the mood for a classic burger, then this is one I reccomend ;)
<review# 1164,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/4/2010,7/26/2011,47,97,,7,2>Food: 4.5/5Atmosphere: 5/5Service: 4.5/5Overall experience: 4.5/5(1- Terrible; 3- decent; 5- Fantastic)After two failed attempts to find an oyster restaurant (Embarcadero and Catch were closed), my friend decided to take me to Alloy since I haven't been there. It's located in the most obscure place- I would have never found this restaurant just by driving along the main roads. Once I entered, the restaurant was very warm and inviting with an unpretentious feel to it. The décor is contemporary with an Asian flare, and includes a cute little patio for those who like to soak up the sun. You also get an amazing glimpse at their vast wine selection next to the entrance. Despite the noise from other tables and how it was sometimes hard to hear my friend talk, it was a very cozy place to have dinner.  The service was top notch. Our server was very friendly and made some great recommendations for food and wine. He was attentive, yet not overbearing; giving my friend and I time to talk. We selected a wonderful cabernet sauvignon from Napa Valley, California ($80/bottle) based on our server's recommendation for a nice dry red wine. I'm not much of a red wine drinker but I enjoyed this one very much because it was nicely balanced and easy to drink. What I especially enjoyed about my experience was the complimentary homemade naan bread with hummus and olives (instead of your typical bread and butter). The hummus was alright nothing too special- kind of bland and needed a bit more lemon.First up were appetizers. We had ordered the: pistachio crusted seared scallops with corn cream and yam crisps ($18); lobster tempura with a citrus ponzu (Japanese sauce) and pickled vegetable slaw ($19); ahi tuna tartar with chimichurri soy and wonton crisps ($15); and rock crab cakes with a yellow tomato emulsion and grilled pineapple salsa ($18). The seared scallop dish came with two large scallops cooked perfectly, and was divine when paired with the sauce. I would have licked up all the sauce if I wasn't saving room for the rest of my meal. I don't like my food too salty so I thought this dish was well seasoned. I highly recommend this as an appetizer.The lobster tempura was a whole lobster tail that cooked perfectly (not rubbery) and lightly battered so you could still taste the flavours of the food-I absolutely hate over breaded tempura. I wasn't too fond of the pickled vegetable slaw which was pickled carrots in a vinegary sauce. The ahi tuna wasn't anything special, kind of underwhelming - fresh ahi tuna combined with cilantro topped with fresh guacamole.The crab cake starter came with two cakes which on its own was quite salty but paired with the yellow tomato emulsion and pineapple salsa was a great compliment and balanced dish.For our mains we ordered the featured fish special, and surf and turf ($42). I forgot the name of the fish featured but it was similar to a swordfish. The dish was mediocre- I found the fish kind of bland and like a swordfish, it was too dense for my liking. The surf and turf comprised of a moist, succulent beef tenderloin and a lobster spring roll which had more of a potato-like texture (I only had a small bite since I was getting full at this point). Bewarned, the sauce has a little spicy kick to it with a distinguishable taste of coriander.I love to eat, and I especially love dessert so I saved enough room to try the: crème brulee ($9), and lemongrass panna cotta ($9). I have to say, Alloy's crème brulee is the best I've had so far with a silky custard that melted in your mouth. It came in two flavors: butterscotch and summer peach. The butterscotch crème brulee was my favourite since it had a wonderfully deep and rich flavor. I gobbled this portion up while my friend had the summer peach which was very light and refreshing with a hint of peaches and lemon. I always hear about panna cotta but never had the chance to try it until now. It was very smooth, creamy, and light and was paired with three kinds of sauces: lulo jalapeno, mango habanera, and guava chilli. Surprisingly, the sauces tasted fruity with a hint of pepper which added a nice kick and enhancement to the flavours. The lulo jalapeno sauce was too exotic tasting for me so I didn't finish. I highly suggest either of these desserts to try.Overall, I enjoyed my first experience at Alloy's very much. A few dishes were a little underwhelming in taste but the presentation of the food was absolutely beautiful. I also liked how our food came out in a reasonable amount of time with our first starters coming out within 10min after ordering. Definitely worth a visit for fine dining and awesome service!
<review# 1165,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2011,7/25/2011,266,478,2,5,3>A very convenient Dim Sum location in South Calgary. Great location for anyone going for after mass lunch with their family. Counterproductive since this place has such a great Dim Sum menu that you can't resist but commit gluttony. Also check out their freezer section for frozen Dim Sum items like dumplings, pork buns, and shomai. I bought a few packages of Dim Sum and when I later steamed them, they were amazing. Also in this section is a chili oil sauce that they sell that is amazing
<review# 1166,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2011,7/24/2011,429,445,4,6,4>Horchata! I missed you! If you like iced chai lattés, Tu Tierra makes Horchata, a sweet drink made with homemade rice milk, cinnamon and sugar that our server promised would be refreshing. I got addicted to the stuff back in Cali and was sad when none of the Mexican restaurants here seemed to offer it.After eating the complimentary chips and salsa, splitting an appetizer with my two ladies and making a sincere attempt at plowing through an enormous plate of Rajas Tacos, rice and beans, I was ready for my food coma. Which was witnessed later on at the movies, har!My one beef with Tu Tierra is their rice. Or should I say, Uncle Ben's Bistro Express Vegetable Medley. I know you! I ate you for years at my retail job!
<review# 1167,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2011,7/23/2011,5,40,6,5,1>I was on my way to Pho Thanh and I spot a sign - a new Vietnamese restaurant just opened up.  Since it's only 2 mins away from my original destination, I figured - meh why not.Oh wow...I'm first to review this place!  Sweet.It's a nice, cozy place.  Looked more like an Italian restaurant than a Vietnamese but it doesn't matter.  It's clean and it had jazz music going so good enough for me.In any new Vietnamese restaurant, I always start off with the usual order - Pho satay and spring rolls.  If they can't these 2 things right, they'll never see me again.The spring rolls was nice and hot...and greesy!  Just the way I like it.  The Satay was familiar.  It reminded me of Saigon Y2K.  I had to ask the owner.  So apparently, he owned Saigon Y2K in downtown!  Aha..I knew it!  Anyways, he sold Y2K and opened Saigon Royal in Douglasdale and then sold that and opened this joint.  Well he did good.  I've always liked Saigon Y2K back when I was working in downtown.  Food = 2 starsWould I come back = sure, 1 starAtmosphere = 1 star    Price = $34 for 2 bowls, ice coffee, and spring rolls....steep?  yeah a lil' but that's average.  0 star
<review# 1168,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2010,7/22/2011,67,205,2,6,7>St. John Fine Arts is a small (about 175 students), specialized school that spans Grades 4-6. What sets it apart? A strong emphasis on the visual and performing arts, which is why the annual production is a big deal: last year it was Beauty and the Beast, performed at the University Theatre; this year, it will be Aladdin, to be staged at the Jubilee Auditorium in honour of the school's 25th anniversary. One notable alumna is (Leslie) Feist, who held an all-day music workshop with the students in 2008. The teachers are highly dedicated; they love their students, and it shows in how they adjust teaching approaches to accommodate individual learning styles instead of shoehorning everyone into a one-size-fits-all curriculum.
<review# 1169,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2010,7/21/2011,22,47,,4,2>I first discovered Vendome last winter when we ran out of breakfast places to go in Kensington.  We were sick of Lido, Nellies, Kensington Pub and whatever other cafes the cute neighbourhood offered.  We were just sick of them -- but we had heard there was a lovely little cafe around the corner that we should try out.I am so glad we did.  Vendome is truly a gem in that side of the city.  Beautiful breakfasts, a wonderful heritage building that is SO cozy on cold winter days, and really sweet staff.  I also enjoy that you can get a coffee to go when you finish up breakfast.  They have homemade artisan bread, homemade preserves, and incredibly fresh eggs.  You know the kind that have that extra yellow yolk?  Mmm.  I can't wait to go to Vendome again in the next couple of months.  It will be a really nice treat.
<review# 1170,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2010,7/20/2011,27,113,4,10,2>Well, when I first arrived in Calgary, I spent quite a while looking for a salon.I think over the past 2 years, I'v been in about 5 different ones, not to mention the dozen other places looking for a good eyebrow waxing.After several visits, I've decided I'm going to stick with Swizzlesticks. I understand why some people find it a bit pretentious, and I will admit there are a few people in there that can seem stuck-up. But after finding my perfect stylist after a few visits, I am very happy there.I really think you have to try different stylists in order to find the right fit, don't just judge the place based on one person who may have woken up on the wrong side of the bed.Prices can be a bit steep, but join their SOS club online and there are always great deals being emailed! My stylist is Ashley B, and for the first time in 2 years, I took the leap I wanted to and got bangs. She made me feel really comfortable with my decision, and I was very happy afterwards. Any girl can understand that nervousness when going with a completely different style.Yay! I'm a fan.
<review# 1171,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2011,7/19/2011,11,32,,10,3>I went to Universal Tailoring as I had to get a pair of jeans hemmed.  Usually I would hem my own, however these were designer jeans, and without trying to sound like a total snob, I really want to have these pants hemmed properly so that they fit well.Just across the way from Hawkwood Palace, Universal Tailoring is fairly small in size, but its quaint quarters are extremely homely and comfy.  Having been established here for a number of years, Universal has collected many faithful customers.  The services they offer range from hemming to alternating for just about any piece of clothing.  Priced quite reasonably in comparison to other businesses, its understandable why people keep returning here.   I do give forewarning though that they prices may be inclined to change if it requires specialty stitching due to the nature or colour of the clothing.Upon walking in, I was warmly greeted by an associate who gestured me to a change room to get changed into my jeans.  From the time I got changed, to the pants being measured and pinned, to when I got back to the front counter, took only about 5 minutes.  From there I was promised I would have my jeans back within a week.True to her word, I did have my pants back as promised, where she did a very clean and thorough job.  The cost altogether was $12.00 (does not include GST), which is quite reasonably priced as other tailors and alteration places around the city have been known to charge more per pant leg.All in all, I am very happy with my first-time experience and will definitely return here should I ever need anymore of my pants hemmed.
<review# 1172,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2010,7/18/2011,71,173,6,15,5>One thing I have noticed about posting reviews on yelp is that people find out bits and pieces about your life, review by review....so here is more info on me. I dye my hair. I have just started to get a bit of gray on my temples and hate it. I decided to go to an actual supply store instead of buying the kits. I normally buy them at walmart etc, but havent been happy so I ended up here. The store is not huge but has alot of stuff in it, hair colors, things for nails, makeup etc..anything to do with beauty, they have it. I was cheerfully greeted a girl( who I found out is the manager) who happily assisted me in finding the exact color I needed, the wee accessories that went along with it as well as instructions on how to do the deed when I got home.  She was so helpful and so nice. I am amazed to discover that buying professional hair color products is much cheaper than the kits and wayyyy more than getting it done at a salon. There is plenty of parking out front. I look forward to trying out my new products, and if all goes well I will be back to see Sally again. I hate my greys!
<review# 1173,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2010,7/17/2011,51,42,2,6,4>This is my easiest review for BREAKFAST!This retro decor place is delicious! They dont cheap out on the quality of the food.The servers are swamped but don't worry, your kicking horse coffee will be refilledPro: Tasty Tasty Tasty.Cons:Long waits on weekends (well worth it)Your clothes will smell like yucky breakfast when you leave.Fav Items:Basic Breakfast with Chicken Sausage and Sourdough Toast (add on a side of hollandaise sauce)Salmon Sandwich with peashootsThey are also open for dinner and on certain nights they have free corkage.
<review# 1174,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2011,7/16/2011,52,263,2,3,3>I wish i could give this place 5 HUNDRED stars. These little gems are THAT good. Find them at the Kingsland Farmer's Market and buy a dozen. Heck, buy TWO dozen. You'll regret it if you buy in any smaller quantity than that. Excellent service, the man who works at the kiosk is always friendly, always smiling. There are so many wonderful flavours, but the key lime and the birthday cake ones are my favourites. Not that I have ever tried one I didn't like.I just don't have enough great things to say about this place. Everything about it rocks. I hate to admit it but I go almost every weekend to buy at least a couple to share with my friends. Maybe one day we'll be lucky enough and M for Macaron will have a store open 7 days a week and we won't have to wait until the weekends to get our fix!!
<review# 1175,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2011,7/15/2011,305,278,6,6,6>Chic. Sleek. Fun.Posh wall art tied in with intriquing room dividers, throw in a mix of couch or table seating and tight lil bar at the back and you've got one of the best tapas scenes in Calgary. Laid back, romantic lighting (dim),  steady stream of lounge music in the background and its the perfect setting to get your drink on. They've got a nice sized drink menu, taking a sip from everyone's drink I can say that this place can't go wrong with drink flavors. Yummm. Food was equally impressive, small sharing size portions in really good flavors as well. Jaro, you sexy thing, I will be seeing you soon.
<review# 1176,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2010,7/14/2011,76,56,7,11,7>Eternal Image is the shop of Scott Veldhoen who does great tattoos. My first two tattoos were done here as were many of my friends more complex pieces. Scott specializes in brilliantly coloured work, so if you have ever dreamt about having a vivid piece of art on your body, he's the guy to do it. He also has one of the, if not the, most sanitary tattoo shops in town. The standards of cleanliness here put most hospitals to shame.Prepare to wait about a month to two months as he's in demand, but he's also a very creative, nice and funny guy. Which is even more valuable when you're laid out half naked on a bench for hours at a time with needles being poked into you.
<review# 1177,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2011,7/13/2011,310,796,3,8,2>WILDE Grainz is my official noontime vice.  You can see me going into the bakery for my spinach and feta croissant every wednesday to saturday exactly at 12 o' clock noon. Its like clockwork, the local merchants clean their spectacles with embroidered hankie and set and sychronize thier watches to the entrance and departure of my 4 day prowlings.  These croissants are sooo delicious, they are fresh and hearty and so delectable.One day I ventured out of my establishment just two doors down to buy my croissant and went back only to find that I had locked myself out.  A locksmith had to be called and my lock had to be drilled in order for me to get back in.  A long line of people were watching and a woman yelled out  hey your out of "lock".  hahahahah ( sarcastically)My neighbour looked at me and my wilde grainz bag and asked gently "now was that croissant really worth it.?"I looked at her directly in the eye, thought about it for a second and all the time and money I just speant with the locksmith and I smiled to myself and said actually "yes!"sidenote: you gotta try out this new place, for their buns, their loaves of bread and some of the most mouth watery deserts behind a pane of glass.. highly recommened by this yelper.
<review# 1178,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2011,7/12/2011,61,55,2,3,2>CCC is great. Really clean,  great routes and a great bouldering wall. Different from the Crux, this place is always really busy - which is great and also not so great. You will always meet someone here if you would like to meet people who climb. Everyone has always been super friendly, is always willing to help you out if you need a belay partner or some tips or whatever. It's great!Sometimes later in the evenings (8pm-ish), it almost gets TOO busy. I suggest getting there a bit early (around 6) so you can have some time to climb before the rush. And if you're searching for good looking, friendly people - you got 'em. Every. Time.
<review# 1179,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2011,7/11/2011,88,230,5,15,10>Can I give a million stars? Seriously, please?Little backstory: my darling old car had a problem last night where one turn signal wouldn't work. I had to resort back to using hand signals, like I was on a bike. Also, my car was leaking wiper fluid. Overall he was a sad little car.I made an appointment at another auto shop that I'd had good service at before, but my roommate's mom (who sold me my car) suggested that next time, I try Bert and Jack's. She had driven in there one day with her own broken headlight (apparently this car doesn't like lights!), and though the garage was closed, the guy fixed it for her at no charge. She said they were super friendly and if the car gave me trouble again after this appointment, to check them out.I thought it over and decided that maybe I should try them out, as they were only right turn away from my work (which matters with no turn signals!). I called and they said bring 'em down. The guy was very nice when I got there and got to work right away. I brought them some cupcakes as I thought it was nice they were able to get me in so quickly.All in all he ended up:* replacing a burnt out bulb* putting some sealant on the headlight cover* fixing my wiper fluid* wiping my windows for me and topping me up with wiper fluidAfterwards he let me know what had been done and I thanked him and he said, "great, see you later." I stammered as I hadn't paid yet and he told me I'd more than covered it with the cupcakes, but if I ever REALLY broke my car, that he'd be more than happy to take my money.Honestly, free stuff doesn't always equal good service, but I was so flabbergasted that he'd really gone above and beyond on my car, and then refused to let me pay. In a world full of crooked mechanics (at least I assume there's a lot, based on rumours!), it's really nice to find someone who's willing to help you out without charging you an arm and a leg for it.I will absolutely be taking my old car back there again (hopefully not for a while, though!), and will be recommending Bert and Jack's to all my friends. Five stars for sure!
<review# 1180,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2011,7/10/2011,7,7,2,8,3>Cherry Inn has been our "go-to" Chinese take out joint for as far back as I can remember. It's a family run business, and owner Yen always has a warm smile and handshake at the ready for customers.The restaurant is small and usually crowded, particularly on weekends. Just entering can be a challenge at peak times with people waiting to be seated and others retrieving their take out orders. In spite of the chaos one meets at the entrance, the staff is quick to seat you. Tables are very closely nestled together so if it's intimate dinner conversation you want, this isn't the place for you. Service is quick and efficient. Dishes arrive hot and in quick succession.The food is generally very good, both eat in and take out, but sometimes suffers from a lack of consistency. For example, I've had excellent Ginger Beef there, but I've also had it where it's been tough and chewy. Overall though, I've been hard-pressed to find Chinese food that I like better, particularly close to home.
<review# 1181,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/7/2011,7/8/2011,31,136,,4,3>There's a commercial I keep seeing lately for the Delissio Bacon Cheeseburger Pizza that says something along the lines of, "If there's one thing guys like more than their two favorite things, it's a third thing MADE of those things." This seems to be the idea behind Tubby Dog... but then again, they don't stop at two.I've only been to Tubby Dog once, and was subjected to a hotdog covered in peanut butter, jam, and Cap'n Crunch. It was like a conucopia of different dishes packed into one item that, short of including ketchup and Kraft Dinner, could not have more accurately encapsulated my childhood. Yet, with every bite, I could almost hear my arteries clogging and my doctor pronouncing a time of death. This sure aint your personal trainer's most recommended spot, but damn is it a lot of fun. Hell, they even had the peanut butter warmed up to just below melting, so it spread like any other topic - a minor touch you wouldn't THINK would matter, but somehow it made all the difference.The prices are good, the food is definitely an experience I think everybody should have once, especially if you've been taking things too seriously lately and need to return to a time of naive innocence filled (at least for me) with memories of humanoid turtles ordering pizzas with marshmellows and chocolate chips. Every thing about this place, from the food, to the decor, to the attitude of the staff just screams pure, stupid, unpretentious fun.That being said... I'm VERY glad I don't live too close to it.PS - Any place that sells giant pickles instantly becomes epic in my books!
<review# 1182,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2011,7/7/2011,31,50,,5,1>I tried Famoso for the first time a couple of months ago - I had never heard of it but I am happy I did!  My first impression was good - I like the semi-diner, semi-trendy feel to the place; I liked the tall table we sat at near the back; I liked the artwork. We were a little bit confused about ordering, but I think that is because nobody listened when she said that we were to order at the counter (shame on us).  Once we got settled in and the pizza came, we were happy campers.  The pizza is a thinner crust, Italian style pizza - right up my alley!  The sauce is tangy and fresh tasting, the toppings are fresh, and you get a healthy pizza for a good price.  I would totally recommend Famoso to people who, like myself, are not huge fans of greasy, heavy take-out kind of pizza.  It's so nice having this option for a decent price!
<review# 1183,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2010,7/6/2011,1328,1117,5,13,8>A group of us headed over here a few weekends ago. We were in the mood for good music, reasonable pricing, and a helluvah lot of dancing. Enter The Twisted Element.The crowd and staff were super friendly, and my fave part of the evening was the free drag show in the basement. Everyone got really into the performances and the performers were very talented.After the show wrapped, we headed back upstairs to bust a move and the music kept us on the dance floor non-stop. Speaking of dancing, there was an impressive number of *AHHHH-MAZING* dancers at this place! Like Katie C., I also appreciate that at Twisted, there's no need to worry about creepy people and 'wandering hands.'Just a heads up: the bathrooms are co-ed, so if you see the opposite sex wandering around in the background, hopefully I've saved you from having 'a moment' and thinking you accidentally wandered into the wrong restroom.The music, the lights, the crowd, the staff and the free shows ensure that everyone (regardless of your sexual orientation) will have a great night. Enjoy!
<review# 1184,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2011,7/5/2011,13,45,6,4,3>The coup is the kind of place that makes me want to be a healthier man. I have been about a dozen times and have never necessarily disliked anything. There has been bland moments but for the most part the food was delicious, vegetarian without any pretentious attitude too! You know how sometimes a vegetarian / Yogi / new age oriented person can really look down on you for not sharing lifestyles/ beliefs with them...I didnt get that here. I had brunch on Sunday here, twas great. Smaller portion sizes and thats great because sometimes I need to be reminded of how much I DONT need. The service has always been friendly and unlike certain other patchouli oriented dining experiences ( ehh hemmm NELLIES) I have yet to find any bits of oily dread lock salad on the side of my plate.I even got drunk here once in the summer and shared 2 giant punch bowls with a friend. We looked quite likely as if we were a homosexual couple enjoying an evening on the town...perhaps before a night out at the thee-a-tah.But most enjoyable of all was stumbling drunk out the door of a vegetarian spot and having people shoot you scowls as you light a cigarette. whoops.Namaste
<review# 1185,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2010,7/4/2011,42,74,2,4,4>OMG.. so stunned I didn't write this earlier!I've always bragged about how great Mango Shiva is (after having a private event here, catering to another event and appys). We treated him to a special bday dinner here.The food is AH-maze-ING!!! It's not your traditional typical cheap indian food. It's full of aromas and flavours - and all very gourmet. I had the lobster, my friend has the lamb and lam shanks, all soo gooood. One of the lamb dishes was spicier - but I love spicy food. We had ordered the prawns and tandoorie chicken as appys - again what a hit! Ps. the decor is still in tact and gorgeous! Can't wait to spend summer evenings on their patio.
<review# 1186,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2011,7/3/2011,95,304,3,7,5>This is my new favorite restaurant! The attention to detail in every aspect is astonishing. They have people to fill every position, there is always a host/hostess at the front so that every guest is greeted promptly. The decor is unrivaled in my opinion. I rarely see such memorable pieces of art in restaurants, and even less often inquire about the artists. They told me that the art were all pieces from the owner's collection. I'd love to hear the story behind each piece, they said they were going to make a book on it, which I'm going to wait for anxiously. The bathrooms are tastefully decorated, with a unique twist on everything. The locks on the bathroom doors, the hand towels,  and you can tell each element was decided on with lots of thought (also applies for the whole restaurant). Almost everything at the restaurant is monogrammed, including the hand towels. Onto the food... definitely expect to spend a bit more, but I would say it was worth every penny. The spicy avocado roll is a perfect roll for someone who wants to avoid carbs. Spicy avocado wrapped in cucumber pieces makes a delicious and elegantly presented roll. The spicy rolls (I also tried the spicy tuna roll) could have used a bit more spice, but I suppose that's what wasabi is for. The sashimi salad was amazing, presented with the slightly spicy salad dressing in a wonton shell, as well as seaweed salad in a wonton shell, there is a generous amount of fresh sashimi (salmon, tuna, scallop, shrimp) given on romaine hearts. For only $11, I would say this would be a cost effective and filling lunch. Their bento teriyaki salmon was also flavorful, and one thing especially stood out about the salmon - it was cooked properly! Cooked to a medium moist, with the center slightly undercooked, it was flaky yet not dry. Definitely a great lunch option. I'm excited to try the other menu options here, but as I saw other food rushed to other tables throughout the course of lunch I saw a consistent high quality in terms of presentation. They have ample staff as well which meant never having to wait. They had at least two people specifically circulating our section to ensure our water glasses were never less than half empty, to pour our tea before they were empty, and there was NEVER any item on the table that wasn't in use. By that, I meant, anything that we were finished with were cleared as soon as they were done, even pieces often left like tea cups when we were done our tea. The service and table maintenance is how every restaurant should be. The amount of staff, and details like the monograms make it seem like the operating cost for the restaurant would be higher than most other restaurants, but in my opinion it was worth it because the dining experience will definitely stand out in all aspects, so I hope that it stays a popular place so that I can continue to enjoy it! Definitely my new favorite sushi place in Calgary. Would like to see some lunch specials or some other rotating feature.
<review# 1187,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2011,7/2/2011,55,116,2,9,4>The best overall BBQ i have in Calgary. This place is great! good, honest and simple food, served up very authentically (unlike their BBQ baron competitors COUGH COUGH) and for the first time in Calgary I have eaten at a BBQ joint that is ONLY a bbq joint and NO nonsense menu.So I dont wanna hype up this place too much but as far as Calgary goes I am gonna go out on a limb and say that FINALLY their is a place that does REAL bbq in the right setting and with the right attitude and respect for the tradition. None of this pretentious sheeshi stuff you see at other places, and holy smoke is comfortable for what it is and not ashamed for what it isnt.The food??? This place is all about the basics, ribs, Chopped brisket pulled pork, and then some sides cornbread (loved the cornbread) coleslaw, beans, macoroni salad ect. So you can design your own meal any time you come here. The ribs were great, really good smoke n pork flavor with a not to salty rub charred and smoked into the meat. so the rub has a more mild flavor and normally its a very bad idea to under season pork BUT! at holy smoke you add your own seasoning with the wide variety of sauces that they make in house and (I actually love it done this way! it makes for a more dynamic eating experience) The ribs were tender yet retained their meaty texture and chew (just the way I like it) and the smoke flavor was not shy at all, very nice smoke ring in the ribs. The brisket sandwich I got was also very good, the brisket was chopped fine and bathed in a little sauce and had a pickle in it. It had the classic bbq taste, the beef flavor came through and it was just plain great! Really great!  The sides I got were great, cornbread n slaw. The slaw was light but flavorful,( it actually tasted a lot better than It looked and was a nice contrast to the potent flavor of the meat), and the cornbread was soft and sweet! almost cake like! next time I will have to try some more of the sides!perhaps I am being a little to generous with this review, and sure you could tour texas or north carolina and find a whole bunch of places that  do it way better but you know what? when I go in a place and see that the workers are actually proud of the product they are serving me and also they are happy to working at a place its a VERY good sign! these guys are on to even bigger and better things and will improve with time ( i am sure of it)!. It is so inspiring seeing people like this trying to do something good for food culture it just makes me happy! Go check out this place, its got the goods!!!!I will be back FOR SURE!
<review# 1188,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2011,7/1/2011,165,224,4,4,3>Got some coffee to go yesterday from their adorable little takeout window. It was a BEAUTIFUL day out yesterday so I wanted to take it and walk around. I ordered the Cafe Bon Bon, which was a double shot espresso with sweetened condensed milk. The man serving me was so happy and pleasant, it made me happy!On to the coffee - oh my GAWD it was SO GOOD! Seriously strong, seriously sweet, and SERIOUSLY GOOD! I am a convert. If I am getting coffee at any place in Kensington from now on - Roasterie it is!
<review# 1189,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2011,6/30/2011,68,46,,4,3>Home to my favorite cupcakes! Hands down.  The cake is moist, but does not fall apart on you.  Frosting that I swoon over - delicately buttery, with a sweetness that does not hurt your teeth.  It is the perfect balance in my book. Flavors and colours are natural looking & tasting.  Not your every day cupcake that's for sure.Staff are friendly & willing to help out in any way they can. Online ordering makes things easy to order ahead and pick up on the way home. Your order will be nicely packed & often tied with a ribbon. Such a nice touch.  The coffee is good too!I have a hard time picking a front runner.  I do have a special fondness for the carrot cake with cream cheese frosting, chocolate with raspberry icing or the lemon. SO. MUCH. YUM!
<review# 1190,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2011,6/29/2011,13,27,6,6,5>One of the reasons I love venturing out to new eats are trying places like Una which is numero una in my books (that doesn't make sense but you get the gist!)This place is crazy busy on a Friday night so expect to wait an hour before getting a table which isn't so bad when they offer drinks in the waiting area and you have two pals such as Kenny M. and Dan D. to shoot the breeze with to pass some time.  Oh and Thai Thai is right next door if you want to wet your beaks before din din.One appey I highly recommend is the Salt Cod Brandade!  Dip anything in it and your sufficiently satisfied until the main course.  The $2 morsels of white anchovy tapas are also a treat that leaves you in anticipation of what could be next!On top of that, the pizza's we ordered were deeeelish!  I love how their simplicity emphasizes the quality ingredients being used.  From the Margherita with its refreshing san marzano tomato sauce to the Bianca's creamy buffalo mozzarella, these scrumptious pies were definitely deserving of their gorgeous names.  Not too mention the honey truffle sweetness of the Potato.  The name may not have been as graceful, but it tangoed with our taste buds just the same.All I remember about the interior of this place is that it was a small and cramped but that added to its charm. With good tunes to boot. Definitely a fun atmosphere especially after some Sir Perry's cider teehee.Very anxious to hit UNA up again, you down?!Adios Yelperinos!
<review# 1191,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2010,6/28/2011,86,25,4,5,4>CJSW SLAYS. The only comparable station is X92.9, and even they're too 'big', with commercial advertisers. The Roadhouse advertises with them - barf!On to the good stuff with a handy list. If you're not listening to your iPod, Sirius, or CD collection (I still have CD's in my car :S), then I guarantee CJSW will be your go to station from this point on.1) Real DJS - and by real, I mean they sound like real people you can actually have a conversation with. Not super rehearsed, they don't use a sex-phone operator voice, they even make mistakes! Ooooo! Real = Awesome. :))2) A huuuuuge variety of genres in their programming.  Maybe some people really do want hard & classic rock all the time... not me! They play just about everything, that you actually want to hear. NO Meatloaf, NO Miley Cyrus :))3) They are huge promoters of local & indie music, often having artists into the studio, and getting the word out about shows that perhaps can't afford a huge amount of marketing. Good deeds :))4) Cool news! Actual news that I want to hear about. BBC in the AM, valuable twitter content, Top 5 tunes lists, event listings, and other bad-assery :))5) Friendly Biz - a variety of other cool & local business's donate to the station, in order to be featured on the CJSW website, and then offer discounts to owners of the CJSW friends card! Clearly a great bonus for students, and other punters alike. Get a friends card by donating $25 to the station :))This is independent radio at it's finest. Check it out!KLM
<review# 1192,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2011,6/27/2011,68,69,4,5,5>I have a new favourite breakfast/brunch place in Calgary.To hell with standing in line at Red's or Diner Deluxe or Dairy Lane. Once you get past the stench of stale beer in the foyer of Melrose, this is where brunch is at.I've been a longtime Melrose fan, loving the spinach and artichoke dip for many many years. And the Field of Dreams martini. I even had my birthday dinner there last August. I've stumbled out at 2 a.m., I've watched hockey games and I've Super Bowled there. But breakfast? You're kidding me, right?No. The service I receive at Melrose is incomparable. We Tweet/Foursquare that we're there and they Tweet back 'Hello! Where are you so we can come say hi?' And they do.Kelsey, our server yesterday, is unfortunately bound for greater things. She leaves Friday for a broadcasting gig in Saskabush. But she can always fall back on a career in the service industry. She's personable, unobtrusive and quick to handle our special requests.My friend and I each ordered the build-your-own omelette. It's made with three eggs and the stuffings of your choice. It comes with a heaping mound of home fries and two slices of big, fluffy Texas-style toast. I. Love. Toast.Oh and the little bowl of fresh berries and pineapple was the perfect touch.It was delicious but I'm afraid I couldn't finish the whole meal.But seriously, best breakfast ever.And most important note of all? Melrose is finally saying 'adios' to Frank's Red Hot in their Caesars and going with the more traditional and delicious Tabasco.Hallelujah!(Even so, they still had our special bottle of Tabasco behind the bar, ensured by Sully for Cam.)Thank you, Melrose.
<review# 1193,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/5/2010,6/26/2011,28,9,4,14,3>Notable was recommended to us by some friends who now live in Bowness (I [heart] Bowness, word). So as our anniversary was approaching we decided we'd check it out. Ends up, it was a pretty solid decision. A quick breakdown of Notable:- Owned by Canadian chef legend, Michael Noble, Notable is quite new on the Calgary restaurant scene. - Located in dodgy Bowness, you're in for a people-watching treat.- Go early, go late, make a reservation or be prepared to wait an hour for a table.- Cool menu offers a select choice of dishes available as "tasters" or "mains"- No espresso, but serve French-pressed Phil and Sebastians, which is tight.- Quaint patios with headers offer an awesome "cool-Calgary-night" alternative.-Serve Canmore's Grizzly Paw sodasWhat we had:Lobster salad "mini buns", chili garlic butter - $24 (main). This dish comprised of five "toasts" with a diced lobster salad mash on top. It was decent. Felt like I was eating lobster SPAM on garlic toast. Honestly, I probably wouldn't have this again.Ravioli of confit chicken, roast mushrooms and Borsin cheese - $15 (taster). Loved, loved, loved this dish. The ravioli was definitely hand made and, with the accompanying buttery sauce goodness, melted in my mouth.Pulled rotisserie chicken, cured bacon, Broxburn Farms tomato, lettuce sandwich - $15. What is really a glorified chicken club, this sandwich had me craving more. The mayo offered the perfect condiment and the bun was like the lightest focaccia you've ever had. Side house-cut fries bumped this from a 4.5 to a 5 star dish. I would definitely have this again.Chinook honey creme brulee - $9. Brilliant. Absolutely brilliant. This dessert came with blueberries and an almond nougatine that did a great job putting the finishing touch on a great experience. What we liked:- Atmosphere is elegant but comfy, which is on par with their "gourmet comfort food" menu offering.- Busy. The place was bustling with all types of people not afraid to have a good time enjoying good food and good company. - Single bathrooms, not communal, which seems to be the new thing. - Open kitchen- "Non-stop" sparkling or still water for $1, which goes to charity at the end of the year.- Staff were totally laid back and seemed to like their job (rare)What we didn't like:- Old-style furniture. The tables were cool, but the chairs were right out of my great aunts bridge game room - wooden with flat, brown cushions that brought on numbness before the second dish.- Slow food service. Not sure if it's because they're still finding they're way, and I get the whole "enjoy your meal" thing, but it seemed slow.
<review# 1194,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/22/2010,6/25/2011,30,181,,7,2>As soon as you walk into the restaurant, you know you're in for a treat. The decor alone puts you in a Southeast Asian frame of mind, with soft lighting, authentic decorations and a relatively quiet (not like a library) setting that is perfect for a date, or even a meal with family and friends.There is a lot of care put into the food, and I know this because I interviewed the owner and the chefs. They have all travelled to Thailand extensively and it can be seen in the food. Even basic things like the coconut rice are impressive, so you can just imagine how good some of the more complicated dishes are.They also pride themselves on service and they certainly live up to their own expectations. Once you're there it is a pretty safe bet that you will be treated well, the food will be fantastic (as are some foe their speciality drinks) and you are going to walk out happy.
<review# 1195,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2011,6/24/2011,65,135,,8,4>Stopped by this shop yesterday with a friend who was looking for a nice bottle of wine to take to a BBQ, so even though I wasn't the one purchasing I still wanted to let you know about our experience.I had already heard great comments about this place and now I know why!  As we walked in and were starting to look around, we received a pleasant greeting along with a wine sample of a tasty white wine (I cannot remember the name of it because I was honestly not expecting such a warm welcome into the shop).  Tim also offered assistance for our shopping, but provided enough space for us to peruse without feeling watched or overwhelmed.  When my friend did have some questions, he was very helpful and spoke quite passionately about the wines.  I absolutely love when staff speak so enthusastically about wines as it also gets me interested and wanting to learn more about fabulous wines from different regions.  Even after the purchase was complete, he offered us another sample before we were on our way.  This was one a rose wine from Spain, which was also tasty and had a great price point at $12.95.  The interior of the shop reminds me a little bit of a wine cellar, which is a nice touch.  They offer many wines from different regions and seem eager to help if you have any questions at all.  The prices also range from lower to higher, so depending on your mood or budget, it seems like they will have something for you.  I will definitely be back here for my next wine purchase.... which has nothing to do with the free tasting, I swear.
<review# 1196,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2011,6/23/2011,98,157,6,9,4>Now THIS is what I'm talkin about!An old-school style butcher shop that makes their own jerky, can butcher anything you got, and offers a variety of more strange and unusual meats ... all at a fair price!On my first visit, you could say that I went "hog wild" and got some of the more rare items: alligator, yak and ostrich smokies. All seemed to be really good quality, though the ostrich ended up more dry than I expected.The "original recipe" beef jerky that I tasted was excellent. More "smokey" than your average jerky and full of flavour ... almost had a kielbasa-like taste to it!This place is awesome because you feel confident that they know what they're doing, they have good product to serve and they are not in ANY way hoity-toity. Just a good, classic, down-to-earth butcher shop.They also offer a variety of multi-meat BBQ packs that seem like a pretty good deal!For me, the location is a little bit off the beaten path (and industrial!), but I would be happy to go out of my way to come here when I need something specific. I can safely say that Horizon was able to MEAT all my expectations!
<review# 1197,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/10/2010,6/22/2011,46,29,,4,4>The best Thai I've had in Calgary!!! And the word is out as it is so busy, there's no room for drop ins on a Friday night!The small dinning room, with it's intimate ambiance & truly Thai inspired decor. The amazing aromas that soar in from the kitchen transport you. My favorite dish is the Lemongrass veggies... my mouth is watering just writing about it...!Good presentation, amazing food, and great ambiance. How can you go wrong?
<review# 1198,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2011,6/21/2011,9,16,2,7,2>This review is not just about 660 News, but about the marketing department of Rogers Media Group (they own advertising on many stations - 960 Fan AM, Lite96, etc) OK, here I go again with my little country song about small business, mean ex and the dog that ran away ... well I didn't have a dog. What I had was an idea to get more advertising venues for my business. Since I listen to 660 religiously and I do believe many people do, one day I was able to have a pen and paper at the right time in the right place to write down their advertising department info. One of the most successful moves of mine. You know, how they have those traffic updates... Perfect fit for what I do. So I was kind of targeting that little air window when I called them first. BUT THIS IS WHAT I GOT: - One hour meeting with their marketing directors. People, we are talking ONE HOUR! What's best, there was no signs of fidgeting, looking at a watch, looking through the window on their side! They paid close attention to everything I had to say (and boy, do I always have a lot to say!) - Great support of my business idea - Detailed research on potential audience - Great package deal at a great discount - FREE sample of air ad - Did I mention the undivided attention yet? WHAT I DID NOT GET: - Pressure to buy air time - Pressure to buy it now - Pressure to buy air time for stations I did not care for - Pressure to agree - Pressure to cut my speeches short and just go with a template I would definitely recommend this type of advertising to any small business owner! I mean - the pricing is very affordable (well, still have to have the funds, though). Customer service is excellent. Productivity is very high. Now... where do I go with my little country song about small business, mean ex and the dog that ran away?
<review# 1199,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2011,6/20/2011,8,37,,11,6>Hands down the best liquor store in Calgary.  Here's why:Cool location in the old brewery administration building.  It's a massive, cool space and it's now full of an insane selection of wines / beer / and other.  They have everything, and if they don't they will get it for you.  They have regular tastings of beer and wine and frequently have something open to share when you go to browse.  Other nice features are special monthly cases of wine or beer that make great gifts as well as weekly deals to email subscribers.The staff are always helpful and the selection and space sets it apart from anywhere else in the city.
<review# 1200,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2011,6/19/2011,91,31,,6,4>Back when I used to live in Mission (and used to eat meat more regularly), I would go to the Burger Inn about once a month. The reason I went there was because I would also do laundry about once a month and so while I was waiting for my clothes to dry, I would walk across the street to the Burger Inn and grab a burger.Now, I wasn't one to get a massive burger so I would always have the quarter pounder with a cream soda and sweet potato fries. I love sweet potato fries and theirs are very tasty. Not too greasy and not too soggy either - just right. The burger was thick and juicy and very delicious.If you're ever in Mission and wanna grab a quick bite, the Burger Inn is a good spot.
<review# 1201,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2011,6/18/2011,22,9,6,5,5>I think I've been in the door at my place for 3 minutes. Came straight back from Farm.Correction; Farm and CHRISTA.OK, let's set the scene: It's April 16/2011 another stupefying, mid winter's day... yah, you read that right.An additional slap in the chops from Winter. The last two years we've had two seasons. Winter and the last week of August.Now, I've been to Farm on a number of occasions, and was always pleasantly surprised. EVERYTHING is so, beautifully presented, and it tastes like nobody's business.Today they just launched a new Brunch Menu.Tragically, they've decided to have someone well versed in Creative Writing  detail everything on the Menu.It reads like a New York Times Art Review.OK? So try to decide.Just try.Enter: CHRISTA.Imagine Julia Roberts giving it 400% while working your table like U2 does Wembley Stadium..Incredibly engaging, involving, attentive and friend-ly, friendly... friendly.She's a master at the art of l-i-s-t-e-n-i-n-g.You can get a meal anywhere you go, a meal like you get at FARM is a one in ten, but you load that with French Press Coffee and the single finest service I've ever had in my entire life, (*my lady-pal completely concurred), and they had to pull me out of there with a heavy lifter.The food was superb and so enjoyable on such a dog-fornication day, we said no way, this just ain't gonna; end....So?With a Rebel Yell? We cried Mo', Mo, MO-O-O!On to the Cheeses.Don't even ATTEMPT to navigate these.Just indicate some interest and allow Cap'n Christa to navigate you safely to shore.Christa?ORDER for us.Christa?Pick a wine!Keener than an Army Sharpshooter she kept knocking them down, one by one. All with pinpoint accuracy.2 Hours later?We had NO choice but to head home in our two separate directions.How the Hell can you top that?We both tipped like fiends, walked out the door and started thinking, Geebuz.... what just happened in there?Food: ExceptionalService: Always been a cut above until today.Christa elevated it from a meal into an EVENT. An EXPERIENCE.Gawd luv ya' girl.We're humbled.
<review# 1202,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2010,6/17/2011,46,59,,6,1>ushi Motto opened for business yesterday, Aug 21 2010.I wander in and am immediately greeted by a familiar face- Ann, who used to be a server at Midori, owns the place. I was actually going to turn tail when I was informed that today was opening day (worst day to try a new resto, amirite?) but she was eager to seat me so I relented. Nice reno- new darker paint job, all new furniture, new lighting, looks nice, and Ann tells me that next summer that huge patio that was never used by Indonesia or Oishii Village will finally be opened. Anyway, the menu looks fairly typical, with a decent variety of apps, donburi, teriyaki, and sushi-- rolls, "special" rolls, hand rolls, nigiri, nothing earth shattering but comprehensive.I got a spinach gomae salad, two pieces of maguro ("tuna" on the menu) nigiri, two unagi nigiri, one yam/avocado roll, one spicy tuna roll.Spinach gomae is beautiful! The leaves are sort of arranged vertically, not in an oozy ball of mush as I've had at other places (eg Sushi Time in Toronto, now long gone), Dressing is sweet and thick sesame, turns out it's house-made. Very nice.Sushi comes on one plate in a bit- and what a gorgeous plate it is! So pretty! I start with the tuna nigiri, and it's... it's superb. Nice thick (but not too thick), cleanly sliced tuna, not too cold (yay!), and almost-perfect rice (could have been a tiny but firmer a la Jo's at O Shima, but this piece of fish is bigger than O Shima too). Unagi up next- also superb. I am smiling. It's warm, a little crisp around the edges, perfect melting texture, perfect amount of sauce, an absolute treat.Rolls are almost too pretty to eat but I press on with the veggie one. A nice big chunk of avocado is enrobed with more, but not too much, of that lovely rice and then topped with a double layer of crispy yam tempura- great composition, and the taste is heavenly. Finally the spicy tuna is almost solid tuna inside (thin strip of cuke, no filler) and on top is a dot of house-made (again, yay!) spicy sauce which has a slightly sweet note to but is like no other spicy sauce I've had- it's not mayo, not sriracha, not Korean pepper, it's unique and a little fruity. Loved it.And I loved every morself I had at this place- I am amazed, just stunned, that they could pull off what ended up being one of the best sushi feeds I've ever had (and I've had sushi at four different places this week!), ON OPENING DAY.
<review# 1203,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2010,6/16/2011,12,17,1,8,2>I love love love this place! The guys at Kensington Fitness told me about it and I so happy they did. (They were eating dinner and it smelt sooo good I couldn't resist asking where it was from).Anyways the restaurant is so cute, and the staff are nice and helpful.But it's the food that is amazing, so yummy. They've got lots of classics with a unique twist. My fav is still their steak but their cranberry bread that they serve before the meal is really good.If you are looking for a great place for a date this is the place!
<review# 1204,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2011,6/15/2011,85,210,,6,3>I live near the Marda Loop area so The Loop is one of those places I tend to go back to. The food has always been excellent - I usually get an omelette. The hashbrowns generally leave a little to be desired (too soft, not cooked long enough) but I like the spice on them to make them a little different. Servers are on-the-ball and I never have to wait for a refill on my water or coffee. I like how the atmosphere is casual - it's a place I can drop in to wearing my yoga pants before taking the dog for a walk or going to the gym. Just beware the long line-ups. Try going as soon as they open or, as I do, in the afternoon.
<review# 1205,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2010,6/14/2011,5,52,3,7,3>If lawn bowling is for "old people," then I can't wait to be old.Half bowling, half curling, the game is deceptively simple and a great social event. Inglewood's is a classy little facility with 10 lanes, complete with a clubhouse, kitchen, patio, and some very old-school coolers.Not much else to say - it's been around since 1936, so the club must be doing something right.p.s. To all the curious gawkers: Don't be afraid, we don't bite!
<review# 1206,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2011,6/13/2011,40,98,4,8,4>Love, love, LOVE this place. Blackfoot Farmers Market's newest incarnation has - finally -  opened up at Blackfoot and Heritage. I liked it at it's previous location, but the new one is 10 times better. It's renovated, and slightly more upscale, though the prices haven't changed. More room, and a better layout. The 4 of us who went ended up spending almost two hours there between shopping, looking around and eating.I'm quite sure there are new vendors. As well, they have a food court area with seating, much like the mall.I definately recommend the Fratello coffee, which is made cup by cup and is a drip process. I may be so bold as to say it's better to me then Phil & Sebastians. The produce is fresh, and one place (forgot the name) has a deal where you can fill 3 bags for $10, which is an amazing deal. The berries at Blackfoot were far better then the rotting, or ripe produce at the grocery store and actually slightly cheaper.We purchased bagels from Wayne's, which were boiled, and moist and chewy. There is a small bakery there that sells the best fruit flan, amongst many other things, and we picked one up for Mothers Day.We purchased beef bacon, yes beef bacon! Definitely recommended as we were told it was only 20% water versues traditional bacon that has 60% water. It had a great taste, and not so salty. I could probably go on and on with all of our purchases, but the best thing to do would be go an visit yourself.PS: It may look like there's only parking at the front, but there is additional parking behing the building as well.Open Monday to Sunday.
<review# 1207,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2011,6/11/2011,187,427,,5,4>Had a favorable experience at Midori. Found it a very cozy little restaurant with a nice 17th Ave urban vibe. Enjoyed the convenience of having a variety of sushi sets to make ordering quick and easy, such as the couple sets. This place is really fast. The order was ready in about 5 minutes even though the restaurant was full and there was only one server and one chief. Interesting!  They also have a small Korean section on the menu that needs to be sampled, an intriguing reason to come back next time. In my opinion, it isn't the best place in Calgary for sushi. However, it certainly is satisfying and rather close to me. On a sushi craving day when I'm feeling lazy to travel elsewhere, it would be the right fit.
<review# 1208,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2011,6/10/2011,89,72,2,2,6>This is a hacker space! It's a place for geeks to learn, share and work on fun geeky projects!Every Tuesday at 7PM it is open to non-members to check out the space, interact with members and ask questions. This evening I checked the open house and had a blast learning about the projects that members were working on. Some were working on circuit boards with transistors and other small electronic doodads. One of the members was working on a timing sensor that detect the time for a marble to pass between two points. Another was creating a, "brain machine" which outputs sound and blinking flashing visuals through a visor. I was introduced to the inner workings of a router. Another member told me about all of the cool projects he has been working on over the past few years including a near orbit balloon with a camera recording to an SD card which he will track and fetch upon reentry.It's really very non-intimidating stuff which will spark your creativity and imagination. Those that are interested are encouraged to become members and use the space on a frequent basis. I was pointed to many resources to get started on easy to start and finish projects with instructions.If you have a Tuesday evening free I highly suggest going in and engage with the members. Lots of fun! Ask questions! These are enthusiasts that really love to share what they know!
<review# 1209,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/21/2011,6/9/2011,12,11,,4,2>I went for take out pizza, mainly because on the sign they advertised some organic ingredients.  It's a very thin crust, with quality ingredients and I found the pizza very flavorful and delish. Might not be enough for those with hearty appetites-they only have two sizes, the largest pizza being 12 inch. If I was a drinker bringing your own wine would be a bonus.
<review# 1210,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2011,6/8/2011,6,16,,3,3>Great location. Quiet atmosphere. Fresh tasty food, all added up to a fantastic experience at the Artisan Bistro.I went to the Artisan Bistro for a business lunch and was not expecting any special. As mentioned previously there is a somewhat limited menu but its jam packed with plenty wholesome goodness! I was welcomed right away with a smiling face (a must for me) and was quickly escorted to my guests. There was no sense of rush in this place it was more of a sit back a relax let the lunch come to you. I had the seared salmon salad that including quinoa, asparagus, cherry tomatoes, avocado, and spring mix type greens. Sounds healthy, it was, and delicious. The price point is what I would consider mid-range with the salad running around 16 bucks. I wasn't Italian style full after the meal but it made me feel good. That is what the food experience is all about. I would fully recommend the Artisan Bistro for a lunch/brunch.
<review# 1211,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2011,6/7/2011,6,74,,4,2>It is in the name. "Sushi Bar". Zipang has some of the best sashimi & sushi this side of Vancouver & Toronto. This is a traditional sushi restaurant, not a fusion place, not an izakaya. They have a large variety of fresh raw fish and that is what they are good at. Please do not go to Zipang for tempura, donburi or other "normal" Japanese cooked dishes. It is the equivalent of going to a steak house and complaining that the chicken salad isn't good. If you are willing to be a bit more adventurous, there are some less well known cooked dishes that are pretty good. The cold soba noodles are good, they have some grilled fish (i.e. mackerel) that are tasty and the daily specials all are a little off the beaten track for Calgary Japanese food. The highlight for me (and many other patrons at zipang) has to be the heads on shrimp sushi. This is one of the few places in Alberta that I have found that serves fresh shrimp sushi with good flavor. To top it all off, the kitchen will take the left over heads and deep fry them to make a delicious dessert (think Asian shrimp chips). The price is a little steep but considering that almost the entire restaurant was filled with Japanese families it appears that there are some people in Calgary who appreciate what Zipang is offering.
<review# 1212,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2011,6/6/2011,65,117,,6,4>mmmmm Tilted Grill is quite the delicious meat and cheese-filled experience. I believe I may be full for days ...This restaurant mixes an inviting decor with Asian/Mexican inspired street food (there's a sentence I never thought I'd say).Everything on the menu is filled with kitsch, and in a totally good way. There are little baked, hand-glazed candied-banana-filled donuts inspired by a roadside dessert truck in Korea; a Mexican Mole Chicken that's as a take on "Mexico's National Food";  a Mac & Bacon & Cheese that will make you wish the calories didn't count; a smoked Salmon Vodka Caesar (seriously) and a fun kids menu with a grilled cheese proudly advertised as sans crust.Stuff comes on a stick, in a little pot and in otherwise bit-sized handfuls that are fun and easy to eat and enjoy like the street food that inspired it. Veggies beware, there isn't a lot on this menu if you live in the vegetarian or vegan house (but maybe come for a glass of Red Velvet wine?). Also, they do not take debit (although there is a machine) so bring cash or credit only please.The menu is anything if not interesting and if you like cheese, meat, and spice, give the Tilted Grill a try.T.
<review# 1213,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2011,6/5/2011,5,12,,3,2>This place always seems to be the place where I go to catch up with friends.  I don't know why, but it's just a go to place for me.  Actually let me correct that, I DO know why this is.  First of all I like that they serve their tea in those little metal pots, it's like your own personal tea pot, which they'll refill with hot water for those extended conversations.  Second of all, I feel like it's just an over all cozy place to be, especially on the abundance of chilly days we have in Calgary.  If you're swift and quick enough to snag a seat by either side of the fire place then you're set, otherwise I prefer to sit in the nook of the windows and people watch if flying solo.  And lastly, it's my favourite place to play some cribbage with my boyfriend.  It's relaxed atmosphere makes us feel like we're at home in a way, with no where to be and no reason to rush anywhere.  The staff and its clientele compliment the Kensington area and help fulfill my dream of being a hippy.Favourite drink:  Banana Magic (half sweet and no whip when I'm being "good")
<review# 1214,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2011,6/4/2011,14,65,3,4,4>I love Beano. The first day I went to Beano and ordered my "Grande Americano Misto", two things happened:1. I was very politely told that Grande is a Starbucks thing, we only have small and large.2. I was only charged $3 for the large misto!!!The staff in Beano are friendly, the coffee is great, and the price is right. The baked goods are delicious, and I keep meaning to try the sandwiches, but I am never getting coffee at lunch time :( If you want to splurge, try the espresso chocolate milkshake. TO DIE FOR
<review# 1215,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2010,6/3/2011,62,31,3,5,4>Just what Calgary needed!  A quality hat shop that carries hats for guys and gals of all shapes and styles.  These guys are clearly passionate about hats--so swing by and have some fun with the most low impact type of dress-up there is: hat sampling.  It's like having your own Tickle Trunk.
<review# 1216,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2011,6/2/2011,86,132,,3,3>I have been wanting to visit Without Papers for a while and today at lunch I finally got the chance.  We sat at a bright and sunny table right by the window.  This is a GREAT place for people watching!Since there were two of us we decided to get two different pizzas and share.  We got the Baby Doll Pizza (roasted chicken, goat cheese, artichoke hearts, eggplant & tomatoes) and the Hawaiian 5-0 (ham, grilled pineapple & jalapenos).  I much preferred the baby doll pizza.  The goat cheese made it amazing.  I will definitely get it again.  The Hawaiian 5-0 was good but a bit underdone.  Without Papers features Grizzly Paw sodas from Canmore.  We had a float which made the visit even better!
<review# 1217,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2011,6/1/2011,194,334,2,6,4>We are extremely fortunate to have such a top notch hospital in Calgary.Even though I am a relatively healthy individual, I had a tough run-in with my health in 2005, which had me in the Foothills hospital for 11 days.  Yep.  11 days.  (no ooo`s and ahh`s.  I am FINE now. :)However, I do speak from experience when I say that the doctors and nurses in that facility that I dealt with, genuinely cared about my well being.  I was often informed what was happening, and never had to track someone down to find out what was next.  Quite frankly, whatever was next, was generally, `proactivelly` happening to me. lol!Also, during my 11 day stay, I had a lot of problems, but luckely, none of them were around my stomach.  Like a true ukranian girl, my run of being sick did not affect my appetite, so I mostly waited for breakfast, lunch and dinner.  What I didn't expect, was that every morning, I got a little checklist, where I could choose what I wanted to eat based on what they had available.  I wouldn't have expected that in a million years!  I'm not saying that the meals that came were fancy by any sort, but considering where I was, they were good!  Whoever was preparing them cared enough to add some flavor.  The staff were amazing.  Between the care I received and the fact that the meals were palatable, I am quite impressed with this facility.
<review# 1218,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2011,5/31/2011,19,165,4,5,7>Fantastic! A memorable experience in a unique little place, topped off by great food. It was the dead of winter when we came here; we had to  trudge through a block of residential snow, and cross the precarious 14th Ave to find a place that looked like a converted elementary school portable, complete with the business-room chairs and plastic-top tables, and a deli counter. We took a table and perused the menu to find the perfect bowl of ramen. When it arrived, it was exactly what was needed to warm our hearts and souls: the broth was a delight, and the veggies were perfectly done. As we sat in the warm little portable, looking at the howling wind outside and contrasting it with the gently rising steam from our soups, it formed a picture of paradise.
<review# 1219,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2011,5/30/2011,40,64,4,5,6>Let me tell you to do something. Look at any archive footage or photographs of sports games played circa 1940 or 1950. Look at the crowd. Every single man is wearing a fedora and a suit. Gentlemen, this was once the garb with which we faced the world everyday. There was no room for childishness. No baggy jeans, no baseball caps (turned backwards like the wearer's brain), and no skateboarding under any circumstances. My grandfather was one of these men, and even when he was in his late '80s, he would never leave the house without a real hat, a manly fedora. Smithbilt Hats deals in manly fedoras, and cowboy hats. All custom-fitted, and made in-house for customers. These don't go cheap, but after my experience today, I will never consider wearing anything else. I have been eyeing a real fedora for some time. I got used to the look of wearing a hat by purchasing a low-level wool felt fedora online. It looked good on me. I felt it was time to make the look permanent. Perhaps even iconic.Smithbilt Hats is iconic. You walk in, and you smell the rich scent of the felts and, the wood floors. You can hear the craftsmen chatting in the back. It's an experience getting fitted into one of these babies. I settled on a coffee-coloured fedora with a 2 1/2 " brim. Luckily, my massive dome required some extra customizing that was done in the back of this marvelous workshop. As an aside, I decided to replace the hat's ribbon to one more suiting my taste.It's an incredible place, and hopefully, not a dying one. The hats are solid stuff, made to last years. They are generational pieces that transcend trends, and marketing gimmicks.
<review# 1220,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2010,5/29/2011,15,66,2,8,5>The location on 12th Avenue and 8th Street SW is much superior to their new location on 2nd. 12th is not licensed but Pakistani food, if served properly, does not include alcohol at all. Muslims do not drink alcohol. Seating is sparse but it is well worth the wait and it is the restaurant of choice, downtown, for Calgary's Pakistani population.Nothing is over priced and everything is superbly prepared. I have eaten here well over 100 times and have tried everything on the menu. The goat chops are succulent and melt in your mouth, the karahi dishes are properly spiced with huge portions and very tender. For the adventurous they serve paya (cow or goats trotters), haleem which is lentils and shredded beef, and nihari which is a traditional Pakistani beef curry. All are 100 percent authentic. For those more finicky, try the chicken curry which will fall off of the bone. They do serve butter chicken but that is an Indian dish not Pakistani.Two people can dine for $35 and be stuffed silly. Your mouth will sense what you have eaten long after you left.
<review# 1221,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2011,5/28/2011,116,106,2,7,5>The Cantos Music Foundation is a gem for music lovers and music history aficionados.  Located close to downtown Calgary, it's something I can honestly say I never knew existed, if not for a First Thursday Art Walk where it was one of the stops on the tour.Cantos bills itself as "a national catalyst for discovery, innovation and renewal through music."  They have one of the most impressive musical instrument collections in the country, plus a fantastic event space and musical educational program.  They now own the Canadian Country Music Hall of Fame collection that's on display at Stampede Park, and are currently working on converting the old King Eddy Hotel into the brand new National Music Centre.I've only ever done the public tour, which is offered every Sunday at 1:30 or 3 p.m. and every Thursday at 6 p.m.:cantos.ca/node/786On the public tour, you get to see, learn about, and even play some of the instruments from their collection.  If you're a piano or keyboard lover, this is the closest thing to heaven you'll ever experience.  There are harpsichords from the 1800's on display, pianos from every era, a massive organ that has to be heard to be believed, as well as a piano formally owned by Elton John.  The best part is that most of the instruments are playable by the public!  I keep meaning to go back one day, brush up on my piano, and play the theme to Phantom of the Opera and the Linus and Lucy theme from Charlie Brown on one (or more) of the keyboards.They also have concerts and special events here every once in a while, and while I've yet to sample some of that, it's on my bucket list.Cantos has a soft spot in my heart ever since I discovered it a few months ago, and I'm always looking for an excuse to go back and visit.  The Foundation does so much work in the community, and the programs and events they offer at their facility are just as varied.  Definitely worth a visit!
<review# 1222,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2011,5/27/2011,130,261,5,6,6>I lived in Bridgeland for about 8 months, and never once got the chance to visit Boogie's. It was always something that I meant to do, but I was never convinced enough to make it a top priority. Just a week or two ago, I found myself in the area hungry and exhausted from a day of cupcake baking. Accompanied by a friend who had never been either, I decided to cruise up Edmonton Trail to this lovely little joint. Upon arriving, it was very difficult to find a parking spot which indicated it was pretty popular. In fact, there was barely even a place to sit, so we decided to take our food to go. While waiting for our order, I wished we were able to stay. The setting in Boogies is rad as hell, not so unlike a Quentin Tarantino film or something. While sitting at the bar, the gentleman who took our order engaged in friendly conversation while multitasking, and all the other staff were charming as well. Crammed into a corner were old school videogames. I wanted to dig into our food right away upon reaching my car but waited til we arrived at my friend's place. My veggie burger was absolutely gigantic, to a point where many "that's what she said" jokes ensued. The yam chips were tasty, and my friend's food I was told was delicious as well. Definitely worth stopping in when you're in the area. Adorable little place.
<review# 1223,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2011,5/26/2011,57,118,3,7,6>In my humble opinion, I think that Hankang is the best Korean place in Calgary,  I haven't seen much but I've been to other places and they just don't add up.  Hankang is a small restaurant located across from Sir Winston Churchill High School.   Its definitley a hidden gem.. you wouldn't notice the place until someone pointed it out but when you discover this place you just want to keep going back!  Whenever I go, I get the Shortribs.  SOOO TASTY!  The combo comes with a small miso soup to start, shortribs on a hot plate, and about 5 sides..marinated bean sprouts, potatoes, zuchinni, kimchi and their seasonal vegetable along with rice!  The shortribs are tasty and hot, marinated well and all the sides are great.  My favorite side is the garlic potatoes!   They're nice and crispy, covered in garlic sauce and they're AMAZING.  I usually get a container of potatoes to bring home for a snack.  The shortrib combo is about 17-18 dollars and can feed two!And the best thing?  They have a lunch special from Monday to Friday from 11:30am to 2:30pm.  The lunch special has a selection of shortribs, chicken or pork.  Each plate comes with a generous amount of selected meat, rice, salad, potatoes, bean sprouts and two spring rolls....ALL on the one plate!  May seem a little squishy...and it is!! But the plate clears fast! :)  The lunch special is a whopping ~$10!Definitley worth it!
<review# 1224,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2011,5/25/2011,1,5,,3,5>A group of us (20+) went to The Blues Can in Inglewood on April 21 to see One Eyed Cat; just a great sounding fun band of three playing hard and dazzling the place all night.A summary of our feelings:Hey, that seemed to turn out well.  The Blues Can had a nice set of table front & center for us and and an amazing server (Thanks, Diane --you busted your tail for us!) .  The band was very good, and kept people dancing from the middle of the first set on. A hardy 3 of us made it to the middle of the 4th set when we had to go (at a quarter to one). Cross Eyed Cat are back  on May 26. See you then!
<review# 1225,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2011,5/24/2011,14,10,,2,2>As a Korean person, when I hear the word "Korean-fusion" in the aspect of culinary arts, I cannot help but feel a bit skeptical. While I do not let myself be tied down by my traditional tastes when it comes to judging food, I have never quite liked the sweetened and less spicier version of Korean dishes commonly found in many "Korean" restaurants these days. While it is essential to do a good business, I am the type of person who believes that people deserve to get what they naturally expect to get. Therefore, I was never a big fan of eating "Korean" food that were modified to be safe for business, rather than authentic.I was pleasantly surprised to find that the restaurant I visited tonight called "Anju" met this standard that too many "Korean" restaurants have failed to meet. My friend and I ordered calamari, AAA short ribs and sirloin strip steak. While calamari - or deep-fried squid - was not prepared the way I was used to seeing back in South Korea, the sauce that it came with really brought out the Oriental flavor AND stayed true to its Western influence. As for the short ribs, other than the fries that came as its side, it tasted and looked just like the short ribs you would order from a genuine Korean restaurant and lacked any western influence. Sirloin strip steak was prepared like any sirloin strip steak that you would order from a steakhouse, except that it was marinated with a Korean barbecue sauce. It was a fascinatingly delightful experience to try their menu and find out how true they were to the main intent of their restaurant. The chefs and the original inventor of these dishes clearly knew what they were making - their integration of flavors and preparation from Western and Korean cultures seemed almost effortless and as natural as it could be. While the meat for both the steak and rib dishes were a bit too chewy for our liking, they both had some remarkably unique flavors, and eating them was a simply delicious experience. Calimari had all the textures and flavors you could possibly desire from it - perfectly crispy on the outside and tender on the inside, but still firm enough to have that fun chewiness you get from a flawlessly roasted squid. The dipping sauce for calimari was bizarre in all the best ways possible; it had flavors commonly found in Korean food market, but, as a whole, it was not something completely non-Western that it would overwhelm non-Korean customers. My friend and I were lucky enough again to have been there when the restaurant was not busy - in fact, the waitress told us that they were suppose to close due to the day being mostly slow. However, despite our offers of leaving, they decided  to keep the restaurant open a little longer to accommodate us. As was the case for the review for Julio's Barrio, I do not know what the quality of service would be like when the restaurant is busy; nonetheless, the waitress' honest attitude, unique to those who simply try too hard to please you, was rather refreshing and worthy of noting. Like any other decent waitresses, she came by our table often to check our cups and see if we needed a refill, and to ask how we were doing with our meal. What set her apart from other waiters and waitresses I have encountered was that she actually observed us and made sure we were doing okay. At one point during the dinner, she must have seen us gnawing on our ribs/short-rib with difficulty, as she came by shortly after and asked if the meat was too chewy. We said yes - though, so as not to be jerks, we added quickly that both the dishes were very tasty nonetheless - and she went around to fetch us knives and told us that she would inform the chefs to ensure the same mistake is not made. In my past years of dining experience, I have never been approached by a server when I was visibly not satisfied or having difficulty with what I ordered. The usual case is that I would have to call them over and tell them what is wrong with the meal, regardless of how many times the server walked by to observe me or to ask me how I am doing. Thus, I found it important to point out this part of our overall dining experience at Anju, no matter how trivial it may seem to others. It was truly a great privilege to have been with such a considerate waitress. Overall, "Anju" will surprise you by living up to its purpose of serving dishes that are a fusion of Korean and Western culinary themes. Despite its sleek interior and a rather high-end look, the prices in the menu are not expensive (appetizers ranging from around $8~10 and main courses ranging from $15~20+) and were also fair based on the quality and the quantity of the dishes. The food there was just amazing and would have been perfect, had the meat not been a tad too chewy. The service was beyond satisfactory - it truly reminded me of why something like a robot can never replace people in service industries. Last but not least, would I come back to this place? Definitely.
<review# 1226,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2011,5/23/2011,24,43,,3,2>Good, solid breakfast with no line in Calgary?  Fantastic!Wake has a pretty basic breakfast/brunch menu - eggs, toast, hashbrowns, etc.  They also have some nice surprises, like nutella-stuffed french toast, which sounded amazing.  Staff were very flexible about subbing out our hashbrowns for a spinach/tomato side.I also had a peanut butter latte, which was a little too strong on the coffee side for me, but I'm sure others would enjoy it.The space is small - maybe 10 tables - but all very bright & colourful.All in all, a fantastic new spot to meet!
<review# 1227,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2011,5/22/2011,14,4,,4,3>This is my favourite place to stop when I'm out for a walk on the weekend (or a weeknight). There are so many flavours I almost never have the same flavour twice, unless it's Blackberry or Wild Cherry, because those two are so delicious and they go well with the other scoop. And there always has to be a second scoop!I think it would be possible to come here an awful lot and still not have the same two flavours (although I secretly want to try). They rotate some of them and I've seen Saffron, Dijon Mustard and Cheddar Cheese. I'm not that brave though. They'll also let you sample one if you're having trouble deciding.The staff are really friendly and even when there's a crowd they serve everyone quickly.
<review# 1228,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2011,5/21/2011,52,76,,7,2>I usually have my Pho fix at home cause nothing will ever compare to mama's cooking. However, when I do eat pho out at restaurants I have to say my favorite place to goto is Pho Binh Minh which is located on 17th Ave SE the avenue of Pho restaurants basically.Unlike I lot of places this place always uses FRESH pho noodles which makes a remarkable difference in taste. The broth is done just right and the thinly sliced beef always tastes delicious.Not to forget about the other dishes available, definitely try out the Bun Cha Gio Thit Nuong (Vermecelli w/ Beef and Spring Rolls) and the rice dishes tastes great as well!
<review# 1229,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2011,5/20/2011,1,4,,4,1>I walk by Rewind on my way to lunch some days and there is always a fun new window display enticing me to stop by after work. Between myself and some of my office mates, there is always a new outfit we find ourselves crushing on - especially when there are spring and summer dresses on offer!The store offers a nice mix between new pieces (scarves, leggings, boutique designer pieces) that go with any outfit and the consigned pieces (always in good condition). Although the prices can be quite steep for some of the consigned items, this may be due to the designer name or material. Most of the items are quite reasonable.What I truly enjoy about Rewind though, is the management. The owner is one of the most friendly and helpful woman I've met in a clothing store, and on more than one occasion she has helped me (hopelessly devoid of any fashion savvy) pull together a very nice outfit. Not only that, but there are always events being held for the start of a new season, a 'girls' night out' or some other occasion that rightly should be celebrated with clothes and wine.Perfect if you're on your way downtown and interested in something new.
<review# 1230,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2011,5/19/2011,47,97,,3,2>Food and Drinks: 4/5Atmosphere: 4.5/5Service: 4.5/5Overall experience: 4/5(1- Terrible; 3- decent; 5- Fantastic)Right when I walked in, sat down, and looked at their menu (all within 5 minutes) I knew this was a clear winner in my restaurant books and a place I will definitely come back to check out again. Brasserie recently opened up (about 2 months ago) and is located right above the Wine Bar in Kensington. My bf and I came here early in the evening but since it was on a UFC night the place was pretty full and we only managed to get seats by their beautiful hardwood bar. The place isn't too big with around 8-10 tables and maybe 6 seats by the bar and a few right by their open kitchen which I love seeing in restaurants. Brasserie exudes a chic, upscale, yet modern and cozy feel to it. The service is fantastic! Since my bf and I sat right at the bar, the bartender (as well as the host standing near us) was really friendly, engaging, and had a good knowledge of the menu and drinks. Their drinks cost about the same as everywhere else with a few selections costing a couple more dollars like their pints for about $8. They have a fairly big selection of bottled beers from Canada, US, Germany, Belgium, etc, and a few but unique selections on tap from England, Belgium, Germany and Netherlands. Compared to most places they have a considerably large selection of wine by the bottle and glass.What I also love about Brasserie is their unique menu which although contains the usual fair of soups, sandwiches, burgers, and steaks, it has a french flair to it. Then you also have your typical french cuisine like escargot, foie gras, croque-monsieur (french version of grilled cheese), crepes, and creme brulee. Defiantly not too extreme for North American tastes and very affordable! Sandwiches/burgers go for about $13-$15, and specialty mains (veal, pork hock, trout, bouillabaisse, duck)  from $20. They also have a selection of unique poutines including the classic, foie gras, pork hock, and mushroom gravy with cheese curds and truffled porcini gravy ($13.50) which my bf got. The portion size was enough to fill my bf up. My only disappointment was that their fries were a little too small and thin, but there was definitely enough gravy to distribute all the way through. The first couple bites were tasty, but became overwhelming too salty to enjoy the last couple bites. I got the Saffron Cream Mussels with fries ($16.50) which was to die for! The mussels were cooked to perfection (not chewy or gritty) in a very rich, savory, cream sauce full of garlic, saffron, and buttery goodness! Once the mussels were all gone I used the fries to soak up every remaining bit of sauce - it was that good. I loved the flavors of the dish but once again i found it a little too salty.Overall, this place is an absolute gem- great food, fantastic service, and an amazing decor. I highly suggest a visit for dinner or even for their brunch with a french twist (sat and sun from 9am-3pm).
<review# 1231,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2011,5/18/2011,5,40,4,4,4>If you want vermicelli then go to any restaurant that has it.  They all taste the same to me.  But pho...you can't mess that up because it makes or breaks you.  There's only a handful of pho restaurants in Calgary that impresses me and this is one of them.First off, yeah this place is in the ghetto but the best Pho in town are in the ghetto.  This isn't your typical ghetto pho restaurant though.  The place is clean and modern which is a bonus but I'm here for food and I could care less if they have nice lighting fixtures.  Still though, it's nice to go to a clean and modern place.  1 star for that.I recommend their Pho Satay but you can't go wrong with any pho.  The soup is hot (I hate warm soup where it doesn't cook the raw beef) and the vegetables are fresh.  The spring rolls here are great too so don't pass that up. 2 stars for good food.The service is your typical - here's your food, see you when you're done type of service.  That's fine by me.  I'm at a pho restaurant.  Bring me my food without your finger in my soup and I'm fine.  1 star.Would I come back?  hell yeah!!!..1 star...Total 5 stars!
<review# 1232,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2011,5/17/2011,429,445,8,3,4>Driving around in the fresh snowfall of Smarch (urbandictionary.com/defi), we decided to hit up Shibuya for late night sushi noms.I ordered the usual things a vegan can order in a sushi establishment; avocado and kappa maki, yams, a "fitness cone." Everything was delicious, and the portions were more than fair. I was already mentally tabulating a 5-star review...WHEN THE NATTO HAPPENED. This is the kind of thing someone would probably enjoy with a nice tall glass of durian shake. Describing it requires a level of disgust I can only muster with expletives, so I leave you with this screen cap:twitpic.com/4kvlaz
<review# 1233,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/25/2010,5/16/2011,22,47,2,5,4>Now that the new Chinook expansion is over, I had to check out the new Phil & Sebastien cafe.  At the Farmers Market location, they had given us a 2 for 1 coffee card to try out this new space which was great and we ordered two Soy Lattes.  There was a huge lineup of people but the baristas worked quickly and efficiently and we had our coffees in no time.  I think it is so great for a local company to be in Chinook along with all of these great new international retailers they have brought in.  It really shows how Calgarian business owners can achieve success if they put their mind to it.  Congrats to the owners.  After we got our coffees we went and visited the new Urban Outfitters.  Hipster, much? Haha!
<review# 1234,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2010,5/15/2011,52,263,2,3,2>For those sportsfans who haven't been to a Hitmen game - GET ON IT!It's inexpensive for great seats, and you get to see exciting hockey and the stars of tomorrow literally battling for a chance to make it in the big leagues. The fans are devoted, and really into it (which makes it all the better) and if you like hockey you are guaranteed to have a good time. Especially come playoff time the quality of play is really high, and you get all the fun of live hockey at 1/8th of the price. Love going to Hitmen games and can't wait too see more of the 10/11 season!
<review# 1235,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2010,5/14/2011,71,173,,4,4>I was here last week for lunch with my sister, she had been here a few times before and really liked it.This is a tapas restaurant, but unlike some I have been to, I found the portions bigger than normal, which for someone like me is a good thing. We both ordered off of the lunch special where you got to choose 3 different items from each section of the lunch menu. I ordered the Naan with 2 different dips, bread was warm and lovely with 2 dips a hummous and a tapenade.  I also ordered the paparadelle with wild mushrooms and cream ( delicious, but the pasta could have been a bit warmer).As well I had a lovely baby green salad with roasted yellow beet chips. All of that came to just 15 dollars. Great price. Our server was friendly and the decor was very cool. Strangely though on 2 different occasions people came in to eat, checked the menu and then left. I guess they either dont understand the concept of tapas or just didn't like the menu. Either way they were missing out on some tasty food. I was there on a Saturday and it was pretty dead, which is surprising considering my experience and the experience of others on here. Check it out, it would be a shame to lose this gem.
<review# 1236,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2011,5/13/2011,305,278,3,3,3>Yummy Yummy! Try again has come along way since it first opened. Tucked away on the basement level on 3rd Ave just under HSBC. It's a small cubby hole that caters to take out only, there is really only a 3 person space to stand. But that really isn't what it's about here. The girls here are always super friendly~ i cannot emphasis this enough.There isn't really any parking aside from paid street parking but I find that it is fast enough for a run by. (But maybe don't risk it?)Tea selection ranges from powdered milk drinks to fresh blended fruit drinks, all of which are yummy, always perfect proportions. The one drink they have that sets them apart from all the other places has got to be the "fresh taro." Yes, that is right, they use fresh taro! And it's really good!The bubbles are soft and I have never had a batch of hard bubbles.  They serve the bbt in sealed top cups, so it travels very very well until you puncture a hole at the top to drink it. Very convienent.
<review# 1237,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2011,5/12/2011,67,205,2,4,2>I've been buying my photo gear from the store's co-founders since long before they started their own store. It's been twenty years now, and I still buy my gear from them. Echoing a friend who also shops here: I wish I owned shares in this place. They've even stopped me from spending money when it didn't make sense for my needs. I mention this to provide a bit of additional context for the other reviews. You'll be hard-pressed to find a better shopping experience for photo and video-related equipment in Calgary.
<review# 1238,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2011,5/11/2011,11,32,4,4,4>Back in the day, Kinjo used to only have one location in the southwest of Calgary where the place gained rapid popularity and was soon acclaimed as one of the top sushi restaurants to go to.  Having been to that location a few times, I have always enjoyed the meal...just not the stress and chaos to get a table as it was always busy...all times of the day, all days of the week.  It was definitely a smart move for Kinjo to branch out its business and establish a restaurant in the northwest of Calgary.  Formerly being an old Kelsey's, then to a horrific Mongolian Grill, Kinjo resides in the Dalhousie Shopping Plaza, which is conveniently located by the Chapters/Starbucks, and a is 2 minute walk from the Dalhousie C-Train Station.If you're used to sushi-bar style restaurants, do be in for a bit of a shocker where this Kinjo location sways more towards a lounge-like style.  Upon entrance, you will be warmly greeted by all the staff (literally).  With eclectic, modern and Western-Asian style decor, a cozy atmosphere is built from the dark wood paneling and neutral accents. Off to the left side of the restaurant is an array of U-shaped cushioned booths and very spacious tables, which is perfect for intimate and group dinners.  To the right side , is the sushi-bar - although it isn't as large as usual ones, there is no need to worry as there is plenty of seating.Whether you are new to Japanese cuisine or are an avid lover of it, don't be locked within your personal boundaries.  Kinjo offers a huge selection of sushi rolls, sashimi, specialty rolls, appetizers and items hot off the grill whether you are vegetarian, "meat-etarian", "sushitarians" or whatever in between.  So don't be boring and try something new!  I definitely recommend the agedashi tofu and blackened cod as I never had better tasting dishes. Customer service is always exceptional where the staff is always pleasant.  You may even get a visit from the owner of the restuarant  - I give warning to men who bring their lady friends (gfs, friends, wife) that the owner may make you endure 2 minutes of embarrassment as he brandishes a knife in your face.  The payoff...the lady friend gets pocky =) lol.All in all, I had a lovely experience where I know I will be returning there quite soon. I highly recommend for you to visit this restaurant.Dish Recommendations:-Agedashi Tofu-Blackened Cod-BBQ Eel (w/ rice)
<review# 1239,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2010,5/10/2011,67,56,,10,1>Taste might be my favorite restaurant in Calgary right now. Here's my top 5 reasons why:5. It is good quality food.4. The wine list is matched to the food and changes often. You get a short list to choose from and you know they'll be delicious. The cocktails are also well made (I'm picky, trust my opinion).3. The kitchen is open until midnight every night (it's hard to find good food past 9pm in this city).2. It isn't expensive. I've done a bottle of wine and enough food for 4 people for around $130 there. 1. It's the perfect home away from home. You can linger, ordering a plate or two at a time and enjoying drinks and good company. It's also a great place to go, sit at the counter/bar and have a great time by yourself.
<review# 1240,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2010,5/9/2011,83,367,,2,3>My new obsession is Kawa, but after visit uno I have yet to make it back! This is not due to the location, which is stellar at just off of 17th Avenue, with a surprise parking lot in the back. What was going to be a rush job with takeout turned into a nice little stay once we figured that one out. The decor is fabulous, very modern and slick. I'd love to come back at night, because it has a great vibe with nice upholstered chairs and big high ceilings, and especially a great looking beer and wine selection!All of the drinks were tasty and expertly made (and to-go, even though we stayed in, oops). It felt very European! Cappucinos were the right size and a small was actually SMALL, which with coffee is a good thing! The white mocha was the best, and was absolutely delicious. I got the Cafe Nico? which had an orange flavour that was a little bitter and didn't really suit my palate, but I was being adventurous. I still slurped it down quickly on the comfy couch. Anyways, I can't wait for the right occasion to come back and check out the tasty looking food and get another great espresso.
<review# 1241,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2010,5/8/2011,27,113,1,3,2>Since my first visit, March, 2010, I have become a regular at Kayne's. And... since they re-launched this last weekend, I figure an update is in order.  :)New menu item - Smashed Potato DipSo delicious! Ready to spoon it directly into my mouth. Potato dip with chives, other yummy stuff, and sliced bacon on top.  Served with warm, soft, crispy edged pita chips.I noticed one of my favourites missing (Med. Penne) but a few new additions. Personally, I like smaller menus. Enough choice, but not too much that I'm confused or question the quality of food. This menu is a great size! The first time we visited I was quite overwhelmed with the menu, but they've cut down quite a bit it seems.Oh, and they have delicious brunches! Have I mentioned the $4 Caeser Sundays??Staff is great for the most part, attentive, quality checks, keep my drink full, but don't pester.Great for sports! They have a downstairs area where they usually have the sound on so you can listen to the game, and about 6 tvs in that area, so Sunday Football is a lot of fun. Plus they have a little competition/giveaway thing. Personal recommendations:Smashed Potato Dip Sweet Senorita SaladSteak SandwichYam fries with their chipolte mayoAnything??I feel like I should be writing ads for this place...
<review# 1242,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2011,5/7/2011,59,52,5,4,2>Thumbs up for Towa!  This is my FAVORITE Japanese restaurant.  Oh man....I think Towa makes the biggest sushi rolls ever!  So delicious and I am drooling as I am writing this review.  Towa has awesome services.  Instead of providing a pot of tea for the table, the waitresses/waiters would come around occassionally to refill your cup.  I love how they provide a container of ginger on each table.  It's great for the ginger lovers out there.  I personally LOVE their "Calamari and Baby Spinach Salad".  Not only it tastes awesome, the portion is huge.  I love all of their rolls....yes, I have tried ALL of them (please don't judge!) lol.  I guess if you have to find something to complain about their rolls is that they are just way too big. haha They do get pretty full around dinner time, so if you want to get a table I would suggest to go there early.  And sorry guys, they do not take reservation.
<review# 1243,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2011,5/6/2011,310,796,3,7,3>Are you a HomoSapien?   Then check out this gay bar in Calgary.  They cater to your bday celebrations offering the celebrant a free meal and free cover for 10 of your closest friends after 9 pm.My friend celebrated her bday there and we all started off with a pleasant meal at around 8, our friends then joined us after for steamy fun dancing which started around 10 ish.The music I find is pretty good, and there is tons of room on the dance floor for you to pull your signature moves.  For those of you courageous or drunk enough , there is even a pole on the dance floor to showcase what you got.  I think we speant most of our time there.  lolThe staff is exceptionally friendly and helpful and the space is quite elegant and very clean, I enjoy this bar far more than Twisted where I find the music to be less than danceable.Here you can really relax and enjoy yourself no matter what your sexual preference is, folks are really open to just chillin and having a great social time.The only criticism I have is that the food portions are fairly small for the prices they charge and two of the dishes I have had there have been quite salty.Other than that let the Sapien in you rise to the occasion.
<review# 1244,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/1/2010,5/5/2011,76,56,3,5,4>Schnitzel schnitzel and more schnitzel!Vienna Lux is a charming Austrian restaurant/cafe tucked into the bottom of a downtown apartment complex. While the drab exterior of the building and the large vinyl sign with the Vienna Lux logo and slogan "Always Hot and Juicy" may not be appetizing to all, the food is.Schnitzel sandwiches are the core of the menu here and there's pork, veal, chicken, the Kaiser beef and, for vegetarians, eggplant.We tried a sandwich, salad and soup of the day (curried cauliflower) and were impressed.The sandwiches are the size of a children's football and are stacked with as many toppings (most are free) on a soft, fresh kaiser roll. The soup was fragrant and was redolent of curry without being overpowering. The salad with a vinaigrette, while simple, was fresh and clean.Vienna Lux also offers beer ($5.95 domestic and $6.95 import including Guinness!) but sadly doesn't have any Austrian beer (yet).Our meal was filling and fantastic. Also, affordable as all the sandwiches are $6.95, as is the huge bowl of soup and salad.If you're in the area Vienna Lux makes a great stop for quick lunch, though they're also open for dinner.I have a feeling Vienna Lux will do for Austrian food what Jonas did for Hungarian.
<review# 1245,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2010,5/4/2011,51,42,5,5,2>Oh Boy Crave, your in some trouble here! I would have to say these Cupcakes are exactly as good as Crave BUT Bliss is taking the cake on the new winner in town! Here's are the two reasons why. #1. Better Pricing!Thanks BLISS for listening, Price: 1 cupcake $3.10 6 cupcake $16.00 YES!!!! a DEAL! Hooray! #2 More Flavours to pick from! There must have been a dozen different options Pros: -More Flavours! -Convenient mall location! ( right behind the Starbucks in the middle of the mall) -Good price point Cons: -They wont sell you the first cupcake in the row, They say is a old display cake.. very odd... very very odd.... don't tease me with a display cake... -Craves are a little bigger... Soo in closing, I am equally as happy to have both in my mouth.
<review# 1246,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2010,5/3/2011,88,230,,4,4>This is exactly the kind of store I LOVE - cute knick knacks and household items and all those things you convince yourself you NEED.By far the best purchase I've made here was a little plastic individual cupcake holder. It's shaped like a cupcake and fits Crave cupcakes quite well, and since it's reusable it's solid enough that I can toss it in my purse and know my cupcake will get to wherever it's going without getting too mushed up.The staff working here are always friendly and attentive, pointing you around to knew items and whatnot.
<review# 1247,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2011,5/1/2011,61,55,5,13,3>In my search for a wedding dress, I visited TWENTY stores and tried on over 115 gowns. Yes, you just read that correctly.Novia Mia is different than the other stores - they make the dress TO your measurements. They don't order a size X and then alter it. I bought a dress there and they ended up making two HUGE alterations into the way it was made, which other stores didn't even mention they could do. I'm 5'2" or 5'3" and really needed some of these things done. I'll tell you - if I'm paying $1100 for a dress, I'm going to be darn happy with it.She has a bunch of dresses in store for you to try on. When you select one, she asks if you want it changed in any way, and also shows you what you can do with it. You can also take her a photo of a dress you like and they'll make it for you for a reasonable price. I highly suggest stopping here in your search for a wedding gown or bridesmaid dresses.
<review# 1248,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2011,4/30/2011,266,478,4,5,3>Good ol' BILLS, our mainspot for chinese food in the south. Over the years me and my friends have had a consistent relationship with Bill's Peking House because of it's proximity to our area and how we always find ourselves agreeing to eat here. Not only that, I have also dined at Bill's with my family on special occasions.Located in the Canyon Meadows Bonavista shopping complex, Bill's Peking House offers North American Chinese dishes that one would typically find in most Chinese restaurants such as pork dumplings, chicken fried rice, wonton soup, and salt n' pepper squid, which has has satisfied my famished states. I would suggest trying out Bill's take on ginger beef and chicken, it's freshly cooked, packed with lip-smacking savory sweetness, and accompanied with a satisfying crisp. Some of our other favorite dishes are their lemon chicken, black pepper beef, and corn soup. Oh, and don't forget to finish your meal with Bill's candied fruit dessert.In honesty, throwing loyalty aside, it's hard to say Bill's is the BEST in the city, since in my opinion, some of the best Chinese restaurants are all along Center Street. From our experiences, it's risky to be adventurous at Bills as we often find ourselves picking weird items that no one at the table seems to want to finish. However, the service is great. Bill and his staff welcome you as if you are his most consistent and familiar guest. It's a warmth so widely recognized within the surrounding communities that theres no one I know that lives or lived in my area that hasn't dined at Bills. Me and my friends also have a favorite waiter, which I admit due to our shallowness, we never learned his real name but have respectfully given him one according to his straight-laced demeanor, slick professionalism, and stone-cold expression. Here's one to ya, Asian SPOCK.
<review# 1249,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2011,4/29/2011,31,136,,4,3>This place brings new meaning to the phrase 'hidden gem'. Sure, theres a sign that can be seen fairly easy from the street, but you'll never see the door to this place until you're right in front of it, and even then you're a hallway and a flight of stairs away from actually getting into this nichey little underground haven.But once you're there... damn, it's worth it! I've been coming here for almost six years now, and it's honestly one of my favorite bars in the city. The food is standard pub fare, but done incredibly well and at a pretty good price (especially if you time your visit to coincide with your choice of specials), there's always some kind of entertainment going on, the pool tables, darts, and other little time killers are very well maintained and easily accessible, and it's got a cool little "mock hole-in-the-wall, but with style" sort of look to it.But the major selling point is the staff. Hell, last time I was there I did nothing but sit at the door and chat with the doorman about everything from movies to music to stand up... and previous visits haven't been much different. The servers are the kind of people you get to know by name (and sometimes get disappointed if they're not working when you come in.) Even though my visits there are a bit less frequent, since the stopped hosting a regular comedy night a couple years back, every time I walk in feels like coming home. I'm greeted with a smile, and I leave feeling a lot better than I did coming in.Granted, this place lately has become incredibly reliant on their live music and entertainment choices... so make sure you scout ahead and know what's going on that night before you come down... but otherwise, you can't really go wrong at Dicken's.
<review# 1250,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2011,4/28/2011,31,50,,6,3>A few people had been raving about this place for awhile and I finally got to check it out with my family and some friends.  Yes, it's busy, but so are most breakfast joints in the city.  We waited for about 30 minutes for a table, but there was help-yourself coffee and a TV set up for kids to enjoy some cartoons during the wait.  This was the first breakfast I've gone to where everybody ordered something different  (except for the maple lattes YUM).  I ordered an omelet with spinach, sun-dried tomatoes, feta cheese, etc.  It was SO good.  Total quality, as were the potatoes on the side.  Everybody's meal looked delicious.  Everything seems so fresh and natural there, not greasy spoon like so many other breakfast restaurants. The decor is totally retro and awesome; I dreamed of buying up a bunch of stuff like it for my own house - the Formica tables and the whimsical touches.  The service was great too, from the greeter to the waitress.  I don't know if it's the cute environment, but the patrons were also all happy and friendly to each other - another customer poured my coffee and milk for me at the door after seeing my injured thumb :D  All in all, it was a great breakfast and I can see what the hype is about.  We will definitely be back!
<review# 1251,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2010,4/27/2011,1328,1117,11,19,14>A couple of weeks ago it was *that* time of year. You know, when you quit procrastinating and you get all the things done that you were meaning to get done at the beginning of the year.Yearly physical - Check.Optometry appointment - Check.Dentist appointment - Check.Having hopped around so much the last couple of years, I hadn't visited a dentist since 2008 *cue horror movie music*. My first appointment back in 2 years could have gone either way, however lucky for me, I was lucky enough to see the fine people at Dental Choice.My appointment started off with Dental Hygienist Jade. She was professional, she was delightful, she was thorough and she made me feel comfortable enough to laugh, despite the multiple oral instruments in my mouth (there's a Seinfeld episode somewhere in that description...).Once Jade was through, I saw Dr. Violet Newman, who again, was nothing short of professional, friendly and thorough. Her expertise was evident within moments of meeting her and what I appreciated most was that she was honest, efficient and easy to talk to.Going to the dentist isn't my most favourite thing to do on a day off, but with the kind of staff that's at Dental Choice, looks like I'm gonna make it a point to make my two scheduled visits/year.Thank you for your expertise, thank you for your efficiency, and most of all, thank you for these brand spankin', new-lookin' pearly whites ;)
<review# 1252,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2011,4/26/2011,13,45,8,7,4>After making the foolish attempt at going to Anju for dinner without reservations,  Ihad to find another Korean place. I remember a friend telling me that I had to try Bow Bulgogi. In it's non-descript location it would be easy to pass it by, but a grave mistake.I ate the beef bulgogi and bi bim bap, kim chi and deep fried tofu to start. Twas glorious.I have nothing bad to say, food was good, prices were decent, waitress was cute.5 "kim jong il's" out of 5
<review# 1253,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2011,4/25/2011,42,74,,6,5>I'm always looking for quick, convenient and GOOD service. The service was terrific. The guys even came outside to help me unload my truck and they counted everything right away - and what's more important is that I received the accurate refund. (my brother is the type who counts the bottles before he sends me). I'm often left with the responsibility of returning the goods for cash after some hard parties. I've had issues at other bottle depots... I like that this location is both central and offers great service!!!!
<review# 1254,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2010,4/24/2011,95,304,3,6,5>Wow! What a great experience. I've been here twice, the first time they had a magician that entertained us in between orders. That was a few years ago, I'm not sure if they still do it but it was a great distraction as we waited. The service was prompt and it was a great experience. The atmosphere is great, you have the option of having the chefs prepare food in front of you, and they are entertaining, or ordering a la carte in the tables.Every server I've dealt with there has been quick and polite. The food is great, and the prices, as other people have mentioned are extremely competitive. The rolls are innovative, the sashimi is a little thin sometimes. In the end they give you Pocky sticks too... definitely different than a lot of Japanese restaurants in Calgary, and a worthwhile experience.
<review# 1255,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2011,4/23/2011,55,116,8,10,7>This place gets my vote as one of the best chinese places in calgary! Now i dont just throw out 5 stars to any old place, only to the places that deliver all the goods, stand out from the crowd and stay clear of producing mediocre food. I have been to at least 20 different chinese places (in calgary) over the years and I tell you this place is in my top 3 of all the chinese restaurants I have been to. Harbour city has some exceptional food and quite frankly I just can't think of any other chinese place in Calgary (other than Bills peking house! review coming soon!) that is as consistent and that has as many home run dishes that are always fresh, well prepared and downright delicious. The Ginger beef stands out from the crowd, also the sate beef is excellent! many other great dishes to! too many to talk about here! This is one of my go to chinese joints in Calgary and if you are a fan of typical western chinese food you will LOVE it! The service is great! right on par, it is usually very busy ( because its so good!) so sometimes the waiters can appear flustered and be a bit overwhelmed by the rowdy downtown crowds that turnover all night( it stays open rather late!) but on these occasions any minor defects in service are quickly erased from your mind once the food arrives! It may be a little rundown, but in this paticular case that is part of its charm. The prices here are also very reasonable, and they don't chince out on portions either! in fact I would say they are more generous than most places. Highly recommended joint to check out!
<review# 1256,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2011,4/22/2011,165,224,,5,4>Went here last Saturday morning for brunch because Diner Deluxe had a lineup coming out the door. And I hate waiting in lines. So AKA Winebar across the street beckoned.I ordered the Salmon Gravlax Eggs Benedict and my bf ordered the truffle omlette with mushrooms. The brioche bread they used for their eggs benedict seriously rocked my brunch. Soft,  yet crispy! Mmm! The truffle omlette was really good too. Coffee was $3.25, which was a bit steep I thought, but the OJ was amazing! Fresh, sweet, not too much pulp, and not too tart. Apparently Tuesdays is BYOW (bring your own wine, or free corkage, whatever you want to call it in this city)... which is funny. I dont understand how a WINEbar has a BYOW night. But hey, not complaining! WIll be back!
<review# 1257,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/14/2011,4/21/2011,68,46,,4,4>Must admit that the burgers at Tommy Burger are a whole lot of burger! (I couldn't even finish mine.) Tasty ones at that!  One this recent trip, I opted to try the Lonestar burger.  The meat was perfectly seasoned. Just the right amount of everything topping wise.  Bacon was a thick cut - definitely no scrimping.  Had to do a little squishing to get it to a point where I could actually bite into it, however.French fries were decent & I splurged on a side of gravy, which was most tasty and reminded me of homemade gravy my grandma would make, rather than a commercially prepared mix. Lovely surprise.Pickle fries were AMAZING! This was my first experience & I wasn't quite sure what to expect. The breading was nice & crispy. Having been fried, I was expecting a somewhat soggy pickle, but not at all.  Will definitely be trying these again.We managed to luck in on Caesar Sunday - they are all $1 off then.  Had the original & was good enough that I would definitely get one again.Our server was friendly & attentive, without being clingy. The restaurant was clean & bright.  Music not to my tastes, but not everything can be perfect. Lots of TV screens if you want to watch a game while you eat.Will definitely be back!
<review# 1258,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2011,4/20/2011,13,27,7,5,5>I absolutely love this place!If there ever was a diamond in the rough this would be the 7 carrot stud stuck in the ground waiting for the next passerby to behold its wonder.....maybe that was too much lol but this place epitomizes southern BBQ in all its glory!  The menu keeps it simple only serving up signature bbq cuisine emphasizing that its all about quality with a shit load of down home dirty charm!  They have chopped  beef brisket, pulled pork sandwiches and ribs for $1 a bone tempting the ever hungry patron to order a mountain of smoked goodness on their lunch break.   They also whip up essential BBQ sides such as coleslaw, potato/macaroni salad, baked beens and freshly baked corn bread (delicious by the way!) while sporting a large assortment of home made bbq sauces that should cater to all different types of taste buds.Holy Smokes is all you can ask for in a BBQ dive. Its small, no frills with a friendly staff that seem to take pride in the work which makes for a welcoming atmosphere that is rarely seen these days. Not to mention their BBQ is so perfectly smoked, seasoned and mouthwatering that it should be a down right sin!PEACE!
<review# 1259,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2011,4/19/2011,86,25,6,9,6>Mmmm cream puffs!This name, cream puff was a bit baffling. I couldn't imagine a WHOLE shop dedicated to one single pastry! A whole shop that does a sweet croissant, cut in half, and filled with whipped cream?Then I find out this place makes (fresh daily) sweet pastry balls, iced or plain, and filled with your favourite filling!! Ohhhh, you mean profiteroles!So, now I love profiteroles & cream puffs... and especially Cruffs.I went  around 6PM on a Sunday... the fridge of specialties was almost bare (good for them, not for me) but a friendly man pointed out a few options, and explained the filling flavours.I chose 2 with a Coconut flake topping, and one plain cream puff.  I stuffed the Coconut, with more Coconut... and the plain with Chantilly Cream & Strawberry.O M G.At the time of my visit, the flavours they had available were Strawberry, Vanilla, Coconut, Chantilly Cream, & Chocolate.  According to their website they also offer Vanilla, Vanilla Rum, Lemon, Hazelnut Chocolate, and Banana.  I can't wait to try the lemon. Zing!5 stars for prices. 4.5 stars for location, parking, general aesthetics. 5.5 stars for great staff. 5 stars for quality of delightful little cream puffs.I'm planning a friends wedding this summer, and just as the mini cupcake towers were all the rage 5 years ago - I predict cream puff towers at weddings all over town this year...Cream Puff dress - check!Cream Puff cake - check!Sounds like a match made in heaven to me...KLM
<review# 1260,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2011,4/17/2011,7,61,2,5,2>Wow, fun place.Located in the blackfoot inn, this comedy club is a decent size, maybe holding 300 people?The reason for 5 stars, the Headliners!  Last month I saw Rob Schneider.  This month Norm MacDonald, after that Harland Williams, and Screech from Saved by the bell (ok, he is not really a headliner, but a 'celebrity'?)Drinks are reasonably priced, and I recomend the late show on the weekend (usually an 8pm, and 10:30 performance).  Bit of a drunker crowd at the later shows.Get tickets early to the popular shows, as they tend to sell out.
<review# 1261,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2010,4/16/2011,14,28,4,5,1>After I got over the confusion of a high end restaurant located in a dodgy montgomery.. I gave my head a shake and entered. I have been for lunch and dinner, both simply amazing. Many options on the menu, and everything is made to perfection. Finally a restaurant that views food preparation as an art. Only thing I could possibly complain about is that the staff should be wearing more professional attire... I dislike the blue t-shirts... but really, that's me scraping the bottom of the pudding cup..
<review# 1262,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2011,4/15/2011,30,181,,5,4>This place is great because it is a mixture of two different worlds. Being so close to the U of C campus, there are hints of it being a University bar. The prices, as an example, as cheap in comparison to most pubs in the city. When the majority of the meals go for between $7.50 - $9.50, you know you're getting a deal. The food, from everything I've experienced, is good quality-- especially for the money.Moving away from the University atmosphere, Moose McGuire's obviously has a pub feel to it. It is a great place to watch the game, get together with friends, or simply have a couple during the day when playing hookie from work. The crowd isn't too young, yet there is an energetic presence to the place.If you're looking for a place to grab a meal and a beer in the Northwest, Moose McGuire's is a smart move.
<review# 1263,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2011,4/14/2011,50,124,2,4,2>I've been going to the Chick Pea for several years now, and it still ranks as one of the best of its kind around.  Located across the street from the Husky tower, and next to the Nexen building, it CAN get pretty busy by 12:00.  Often, the line stretches out the door.  So it's a good idea to get a head start, if you can.However, the food preparation inside is efficient (they hustle hard when it's busy), so don't be scared away.  I'm usually a falafel guy, and $7 will get you a pretty substantial portion when loaded up.  To minimize the olfactory assault on my co-workers, I sacrifice and leave off the onions and garlic sauce, but still find it delicious as is.   It's a more flavorful mix than what I've tried elsewhere.The donairs are $1.5 to $2 more, but they look enormous when piled high with meat.   So while the food is tasty, it's definitely satisfying in scale as well.A nice touch is being able to grab a 3 pack of dolmades as a side to round it out.  I find the way they make 'em to be nicely balanced in flavor.
<review# 1264,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2010,4/13/2011,9,6,,3,2>Ok - the question was simple and the answer was absolutely superb!   Question - "WTF it's not Stampede and I feel like beef on a bun, geez this is Calgary and it's easier to find Chicago Deep Dish Pizza..."Answer "COWTOWN Beef Shack!"A tiny little 'shack', yup it's a shack - with a tiny menu - if you don't like beef, don't go!The menu is  sparse as Cowtown focus' on what it does well - Beef.  I'll post a picture of the menu but basically you choose from:Philly Cheese Steak - Good with a white Cheddar sauce but sorry I've eaten at Pats and Geno's - they win hand's down!Beef Dip with optional horseradish or hot peppers - This is a great sandwich from the bun to the meat to the au jus!!!!!  love it!!!!!!BBQ Beef - I haven't had it but someone I was with said it was really good.For extras, all Cowtown offers is two or three drink choices and a couple of options of potato chips.Couple of things that I could see added into their tiny space - even if it runs out early - A baked beans side....   and if they could somehow make a yorkshire pudding beef dip, I would CRY!
<review# 1265,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2011,4/12/2011,141,548,,4,2>It took me awhile to check this place out, only because it seems to be known more as a gelato/smoothie place than as a coffee shop.  Truth is, it's equally both (a sensible but rare combination).  Also, it's certainly a place you'd have to go out of your way to find, unless you happened to have something to do elsewhere in the strip mall it's located in.In any case, I'm glad I found it!  For one thing, unlike a lot of other cafes, they keep the temperature nice and warm on a cold winter's day.  It's not a large place, but there's an assortment of seating options (2-tops, 4-tops, and couches by the fireplace), and I've always been able to get a table to work at.  The coffee and food options are pretty standard and typically priced, and they also serve a number of different smoothies and bubble teas.  I've tried a couple of different panini and a couple of smoothies, and wasn't disappointed by any of them.One thing worth pointing out: This place is cozy, and appears to attract the chatty type rather than the studious type.  Because of this, if you do intend to come and read or work here, you'll need to be able to tune out multiple conversations in order to do so.  I'm pretty good at this, but I know that many aren't, so I thought I'd mention it.  On the flipside, if you like eavesdropping on others' conversations, I suppose this would be a good place for that as well ;-).
<review# 1266,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2011,4/11/2011,5,7,,2,1>This store is worth a visit by any eco-concious soul because its product line is so well-rounded and tastefully selected that it is a treat even just to browse!The store is divided up inside in a clever manner so that each area - clothing, housewares, beauty product, bedding, children's items and home hardware - has an intimate feel that invites you to slow down and truly look closely. A great highlight is a full range of eco-friendly paints, flooring, and countertop options! I like that they offer a selection of generously sized 8'' x 10'' paint chip samples of one of the paint brands. You get what you pay for in an eco-friendly world so all prices are reflective of their quality, but a deal can still be found at Riva's. Sometimes they will have a sale table near the entrance that is worth browsing too.Finally, they have a paperless receipt system which emails your receipt to you - why don't more stores do this?
<review# 1267,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2011,4/10/2011,11,9,,2,2>I've taken my son to Coffee and Scream many times. It's a great place to take toddlers and preschoolers and we always have lots of fun. I love that he can be so independent there at such a young age.It can get pretty busy particularly on Fridays mornings. The afternoons are always less busy than the mornings (it starts clearing out about 11:30). It opens really early (7am) and there's hardly anyone there so if you have early risers, it's a good option too.The kids menu has good made to order options (real mac and cheese nor KD) that kids would like eat and moms would like to order. And the prices for them are really reasonable. My favorite thing to order for both of us is the Egg screamer which is like a really good Egg Mcmuffin.They do offer WiFi but you need to ask for the code at the front.  It is my favorite indoor play place for toddlers in Calgary.
<review# 1268,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2011,4/9/2011,18,24,,4,3>The Belmont has, in my opinion, the best beef sausages in the city. It's always busy here but turnover is pretty quick, so you won't wait in line too long; and if you are waiting outside the staff provide you with coffee as you wait. Classy. The chefs prepare your food right in front of you and often deliver the the meal themselves, which is a nice touch. My favorite here is the buttermilk pancakes (one chocolate, one banana) and a side of beef sausage. Delicious, simple, satisfying.Enjoy!
<review# 1269,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2011,4/8/2011,98,157,7,8,5>Alright dudes ... I know what your thinking:"Hair Salon?? Not for me! I'm a MAN! I bench 380! I eat raw beef for breakfast!"Hey fellas ... I know where you're coming from. I used to be the same way. But let's face it, with the state of haircuts in Calgary today, you're going to be paying no less than $15-20 for any joe-schmoe barber you find in the city anyway. Why not pay $20 at Scruples, get your hair cut by a trained professional (so that it ALWAYS looks good) and have your scalp massaged/shampooed while you're at it?"Massage?? Shampoo?? I'm a MAN! I bench 380! I eat--"Yeah, yeah. Raw beef. I got it. Get over yourself.I have had my haircut by Heather, Mary, Nancy (sadly not there anyomore!), and currently my regular stylist is Michelle. All of them are excellent. All are very talented, and my hair has always looked good after a Scruples cut.So do yourself a favour:Get over your macho, manly "don't touch my hair with your fancy shmancy PRODUCT" attitude and get your hair cut by someone who really knows what they're doing.
<review# 1270,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2011,4/7/2011,85,210,2,4,3>Went to Blink with a group of ladies and we had an awesome experience. While the menu is fairly small, there's quite a variety and there should be something for anyone. Including, as it turns out, vegans - the server was quick to point out dishes that one of the attendees could eat with little to no modifications to ingredients.While on the higher end price-wise, the food quality is definitely worth it. Everything we had was exquisite. We stuck with appetizers mainly (cheese plate, gyoza, beet tart, scallops), but those who ordered mains were also impressed with their meals.The server was attentive, kept filling water glasses and made sure we had everything we needed. The staff were very friendly overall.I'd love to come back and try the cocktails, mains & dessert. Definitely a must-visit!
<review# 1271,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/3/2010,4/6/2011,5,52,1,7,2>It's not always easy accompanying a vegan to dinner. Really, is there any food without meat that's worth eating?All joking aside, that's how this friend and I always come back to Indian food. And it all comes down to the pakora test. In my mind, the ideal vegetable pakora is a crisp, flavourful bundle of vegetable joy that's not too oily or batter-heavy.Surahi passes the pakora test with flying colours. Mmm.The rest of the food is yummy too. The bhindi (okra) is delightfully spicy. The chana masala is perfectly cooked with a rich tomato sauce that doesn't overdo the chickpeas into mush. The bharta (eggplant), on the other hand, is a bit unrecognizable in its green amorphous form, but not bad overall. Finally, the garlic naan is sooooo garlicky - in a good way.I agree with enjoying a mango lassi to balance out the heat in your mouth! Someone really needs to invent more liquid desserts.In my opinion, probably among the better Indian restaurants in south Calgary, next to Karma.$50 for two people with plenty of leftovers.
<review# 1272,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2011,4/5/2011,40,98,,7,6>If you're expecting a tradtional Vietnamese restaurant, this is not it. Kol3 is a fusion restaurant, which specializes in Banh Xeo (or crepes). There's a small menu with a handful of appetizers to choose from as well as 5 or so choices of crepe. My date and I both chose the Athena. It was made of chicken, spinach, feta and onion. I was suprised to see that the crepe was more of an egg like texture, and was nothing like what I had imagined it to be. But that's a good thing. I couldn't quite place the flavor of the crepe itself, but asked what it was made out of. I was told rice flour and coconut milk, which explains the slightly sweet taste that went so well with the filling.The side salad that comes with it is a type of field green salad, with mint that complimented it very well. This is a great 'cheaper' place to eat, and great for lunch or light dinner. Service was great, and very concerned with how we were enjoying our meal.
<review# 1273,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/16/2010,4/4/2011,187,427,2,14,6>Great little market specializing Mediterranean/Middle Eastern groceries. It's rare places with this much character exist in Calgary and the selection they manage to cram into that store is amazing. The staff are pretty friendly too. Just shopping for the different kinds of bread alone stimulates the palate: Afghani, Ethiopean, Naan - take your pick. Naturally, as a Greek-family-owned store, there is a whole corner of the store dedicated to cheeses and olives.  The baklava is also quite deadly.  I think it's 75 cents a piece, making for a small, naturally sweet and cheap snack.The prices are a little high, but such is expected with small, specialty grocery stores.  They accept cash and debt, no credit cards.  Open 8am to 11 pm.
<review# 1274,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2010,4/3/2011,46,29,,7,5>Hit up Zoe's during their 'brown bag sales'! All you can fit into a huge old-style brown bag for 10 buck! When looking for second-hand house/kitchen ware, with this sale, you can't go wrong! I've picked up 3 bags worth in the last year and a half, and haven't needed to buy anything anywhere else!It's also the kind of place that you can find great finds -- You've gotta really look, and best to pop in often to scope them out before they are gone!I once got a lightly worn portable BBQ from Zoe's for $10 ... we replaced a few parts and got it working (extra $25)... the same one is still in stores new for $180!! steel of a deal if u ask me!Great jewelry finds.. and I always love their window displays!! :) GREAT pieces!
<review# 1275,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2011,4/1/2011,1,4,,3,2>Great staff, good food and FAST!  I can't believe how fast they are here!!  I was staying in the hotel attending a work shop and the second day we came in here we had a different waitress, but the waitress we had from previous day came over just to say hi!  that is the kind of service this place has.  Simply fantastic!Some of the food I tried:8oz burger with (cheese and bacon, $3 extra) - Huge goodBun Mhi Vietnamese Sub (Beef Satay) - Not enough spice (or no satay spice at all!)Monte Cristo - GoodFive Spice Chicken - Pretty good enough to fill me up an plenty of flavor!Everthing Jason says below is also true... The place is just a really cool throw back!!!
<review# 1276,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2011,3/31/2011,46,59,,3,1>Chiasso is a great addition to an increasingly crowded third-wave coffee scene in Calgary and in particular, it's great to have a superb coffeehouse on 17th (yes, Beano and Kawa are nearby but neither is ON the Ave). Chiasso sources from Origins Coffee in Vancouver and is the only coffeehouse using it in Calgary- add Origins to the outstanding choice of quality beans we have in this city now. They pull DELICIOUS shots on a beautiful La Marzocco (an FB 80, I think), are the only place in town to make siphon brewed coffee, do exemplary latte art, and, on top of the outstanding coffee, their food is good also. I love their tuna melt, best in town. But Chiasso is first, foremost and unapologetically about the coffee.
<review# 1277,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2010,3/30/2011,1,8,,8,1>I gotta say, normally week one in a new pub is a disaster but Tudor Rose has put it all together.  They had the local Big Rock on special, the hot wings were spiced right and meaty, the calamari was also tasty.  The strongbow hasn't made it in yet, but I'm sure that is a matter of days.  The bathroom fixtures could use a little hands free action for a new pub but that is minor.  The wait staff was friendly and very attentive, indicative that they hired some young professionals.  This is the local pub that Panorama Hills needed and it's design certainly fits the community.
<review# 1278,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2010,3/29/2011,5,10,,7,4>If you are on 11th Street just north of 17th Avenue, you have to give Niko's a try. They have the best pizza in the neighbourhood, bar none. Crust that is just the right thickness, cheese spilling over the edge and cooked to perfection. I know that there is a Pappa John's and Boston Pizza nearby, but why not support the small local business that makes great pizza? Sooooo much better. And well worth the extra buck or two in my opinion.
<review# 1279,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2011,3/28/2011,67,33,1,7,3>Do you like chocolate? Do you like Pizza? Then if for no other reason you've got to try Sweetly Speaking's "Chocolate Pizza" - it's AMAZING!I literally stumbled upon this chocolatier shop by accident. I was introducing myself to Kensington business owners and inviting them to an upcoming Business Networking event hosted by one of our clients in the area. Sweetly Speaking? What's that? A chocolate store... it looks so small, they couldn't be interested... well, lets ask anyway...Two hours later I walked out of the store. I had the pleasure of finding and meeting Barbara, the owner, just sitting down at the end of her day;a. she was more than interested in the networking event and b. she shared her amazing story of how Sweetly Speaking came to be. Yes, they retail a little chocolate here and there ;-) but their main market is corporate clients, hospitals, weddings. Their chocolate is imported from the Callebaut family in Belgium, and aside from the Chocolate Covered Espresso Beans, everything is custom made right in her shop. You need custom made chocolate with your own company logo on it? They can do it. Just had a baby and want to give out, "It's a Girl!" or "Boy" - they can do that too.You think of it, Barbara and her team can pretty much make it. They even have a liquor license - you can buy a mini-baileys Irish Cream with two dark chocolate shooter glasses... bottoms up on a cold winter's day :) Oh... did I mention they Chocolate Pizza was amazing?Sweetly Speaking just had their first year anniversary and I'm excited to see them grow!By the way, I think you'll love this... instead of spending their marking dollars on traditional mediums (TV, Radio, Print...etc) they sponsored children's charities with... you guessed it... chocolate.Stop by Sweetly speaking for a unique gift on your way home - and a word of advise... it's not Barb - it's Barbara... no Barbara, no Chocolate!Tell her Vince sent you!
<review# 1280,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2011,3/27/2011,11,8,1,6,3>Just had a fantastic dining experience at Chef's Table.Here's some of my personal tasting notes for Chefs Table March 12:Octopus, prosciutto, eggplant puree, artichoke hearts and Chardonnay...remarkable! ***Pickled Spring Vegetables: Beet, cucumber, carrot, cauliflower, kohlrabi on a bed of goat cheese /w goat foam on top- each veg marinated in a different brine: beets in sherry, kohlrabi in apple and kombu, carrots in orange and vinegar, cucumber in dill, cauliflower in white wine- amazing!!!! ****Chardonnay; (Vin d'orge?) from South Africa **/w gnocchi with roasted hazelnuts- wine tastes sweeter /w gnocchi, but wine brings out the hazelnut flavour in the gnocchi.- enjoyable ***St Francis, Sonoma County, 2006 (Cab Sav) - buttery, full bodied red / w a little spice (pepper) in the finish/w beef tenderloin, with pomme Anna, madjool dates, 'green puree', Easter Island radishes (yum!), and lavender to garnish...mmm, I'm in Heaven...the lavender adds to the unique taste of this dish.- magnificent ****Michele Chiarlo, Nivole, Mosato d'asti Italy/w deconstructed creme brûlée /w rose petal & hibiscus flower meringue and raspberries, vanilla bean custard, marzipan and lavender flowers...mmmm!!! AND Cocoa Butter & Raspberry ****- fantastic finish to a splendid night at Chefs TableExec Chef: Duncan Ly and Chef de Cuisine: Craig Boje - hats off to you both. It was an amazing meal!
<review# 1281,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2011,3/26/2011,8,37,,5,3>Olives is a can't miss resto and bar near the Saddledome.  It's perfect for a meal before an event at the dome or a night downtown- although its sure to be crowded and loud on Flames game nights so get there early or book ahead.The flatbread pizzas are fantastic! But the fries get my vote for best in all of Calgary. The service at Olives is top notch.  The bartenders deserve a special mention for great mixing and friendliness.  Thanks to them I discovered Hanger One vodka last year- makes a great Xmas gift.Olives is great.
<review# 1282,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2011,3/25/2011,86,132,,2,3>Local 522 is a great little bar/restaurant.  I never even knew it existed before yesterday though I've been in the room before....weird, right? The reason is b/c Local 522 is usually where you eat when you attend functions in the giant downtown tent during Stampede.Anyway....the server staff is very friendly, the food is varied and tasty and the place is hopping.  I think the prices are pretty good for downtown as well.  Definitely a place to check out though if you want to go for lunch on Friday a reservation is DEFINITELY required.
<review# 1283,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2011,3/24/2011,62,31,2,5,2>Supporting a good cause is always a great way to justify shopping--and while this shop is small, there might just be a hidden gem hiding on the jam-packed racks and well-stocked shelves.
<review# 1284,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2011,3/23/2011,194,334,,5,1>For a number of years, I have been playing in a rec sports league called SuperJocks, where five teams play a different sport every week.  This year, the is sponsored by a gorgeous pub called the 1600 Bier Haus Restaurant.  For the next 10 weeks, our group of approximately 90 sports nuts will frequent this pub on Tuesday nights after our games.  Tonight was the first time I have ever gone into the pub, and I must say, it was a pleasant surprise!  The decor is gorgeous and the ambiance is relaxing.  There is also plenty of seating.  The staff is friendly and efficient, despite a VERY large group arriving all at the same time.For dinner, I had a Roast Turkey and Strawberry Brie Wrap with a salad, that was absolutely mouth-watering!  I only ate half, simply because it was so much food.  The menu itself was diverse.  There was extremely healthy options, such as a grilled chicken breast with veggies, right up to your standard pub fare like natchos and pizza.  At a glance, the menu appears to be able to accommodate a number of dietary requirements.If you are in Southwest Calgary, definitely check out the 1600 Bier Haus Restaurant.  This is a hidden gem that is worth the trip!
<review# 1285,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2011,3/22/2011,40,64,3,4,4>I really can't write a review better than Chelsea, so allow me to corroborate what she just said as being entirely true. First thing, you're going to be shelling out $60 a month for a general membership if you don't sign a year-contract. That might seem a lot but when compared to the other gyms in the downtown core and surrounding beltline, it's an absolute steal. Places like Anytime Fitness, and Heavens will charge you anywhere from $80 to $100 for a basic membership. These gyms cannot match the quality of facilities and equipment available at the Y.
<review# 1286,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2010,3/21/2011,116,106,8,11,10>Two words: Alley BurgersYou heard me.  Imagine a burger made from CHARCUT's high-quality, locally-sourced and completely ground in-house, grade-A beef, with a pickle on the side.  All for the measly price of $5.  But the only way you can get these delectable delights is from the restaurant's back entrance, and only then by purchasing them from one of the restaurant's co-owners himself.But alas, the appearance of these mythical burgers are quite random, and the only way you know for sure if they're being offered is if they announce them (usually the day-of) through one of their social networks.  You know it's Alley Burger night if you see a bunch of random strangers huddled together near the restaurant's back door waiting in anticipation for it to open, and you know they're taking down orders when the Pig shaped sign is set to "OPEN" (I kid you not).The randomness and limited availability doesn't stop most people from making their way down to sample them though.  Last time I was there, there was a person who drove down all the way from Dalhousie (and missed the last one by about 3 minutes), and a local Calgary couple dragged down some of their visiting relatives from Edmonton once they heard they were being served that night.  Many employees from neighboring and competing restaurants have been known to sneak off of work to sample CHARCUT's Alley Burgers as well.They only make a limited number of these burgers when they decide to do this, and it can range from anywhere between 10-25.  Once they're gone, they're gone.It's a neat little underground thing that they do for Calgary, and just when you think you've gotten the schedule down, they throw a curve ball at you and change it up, so you have to be diligent in keeping an eye out for it.It's a neat experience to try for sure, and if you ever get the opportunity, you should go.  You never know who you'll run into, and the owners are always friendly and approachable.The food menu is not too bad as well, although I only visited for coffee and dessert.  I'll write another review when I've had a chance to sample their normal offerings.
<review# 1287,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2011,3/20/2011,19,165,4,5,6>From the earliest days of my Canadian living to today, Fish Creek has always been there. I have never lived more than a five minute walk away from the park since I've moved to Calgary, and it is a staple for activities year-round. My earliest activities in the park were biking around the paths, getting a huge amount of speed off the severely sharp hill off Canyon Meadows drive right at the elbow of Bonavista and Parkland, then dreading the bike ride back up (always impossible, it had to be done by foot halfway up!)The log at Mallard Point was a great site for a first date almost ten years ago, we have had several cookouts in the Glennfield area, and we had our engagement photos taken around the Bow Valley Ranch. Recently I have found it to be a great area for rollerblading excursions: I live two minutes away from Glennfield, the middle of the park and will fan out in either direction:1) Glennfield - Shannon Terrace. A 6 km journey filled with many hazardous hills and lush greenery, twists, turns and bridges. Definitely the scenic route.2) Glennfield - Mallard Point. A 10.2 km journey across mostly serene fields and a couple of parallel runs beside the Bow river. Longer, and most of my friends live very near this run, so if I ever get the runs and need to use Erick's pristine bathrooms, or borrow a cup of sugar from Kenny, I can deviate from my trip without sacrificing too much time and energy.Fish Creek is a beautiful park, and a valuable Calgary institution. Visit it today, and beware the sasquatch on blades!
<review# 1288,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2011,3/19/2011,130,261,11,19,7>I have been a client of Bushido Tattoo for the past four years and as long as I live in Calgary will not need to go anywhere else. Each artist at Bushido is talented and possesses a unique style of tattooing. I would trust any of them to tattoo my body. That being said, mostly all the work I have done has been by the lovely Hilary, who has a brilliant eye for detail, fine lines, and COMPLETE RADNESS. Sometimes when people stop me on the street asking where I had one of my pieces done I want to lie to them for one of two reasons: 1. They are weirdos who have only complimented my tattoos so they can show off their tribal geckos and terrible flash art to me and I would never torture the good people at Bushido by sending these people there. 2. My own selfish reason, a fear that one day Hilary will be far too booked up for me to get tattooed ever again ad that would be a shame. I'd cry, probably.Their new(ish...2 years or so?) location is on 17th avenue down near the Elbow River Casino. It's so close to the train station that I would advise taking transit, as parking is tricky and the one time I drove some jerks did attempt to brake(EDIT: break, even) into my car. This however is not something I would ever hold any of the local businesses in the area accountable for and never discriminate against. Be prepared to book far ahead of time, as all of the artists of Bushido have been receiving the recognition they deserve and are crazy booked. Also remember to tip your artist. ;)
<review# 1289,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/21/2010,3/18/2011,39,84,4,4,4>Great food; insane service.  I mean, Jimmy is engaging, but also kind of scary.  Who is that friendly all the time?   The portions are big, prices are small, and the deli has tonnes of specialty mediterranean items (if you are looking for rosewater or mysterious canned goods with only arabic writing).  You can buy hookahs & shisha too.  But seriously: try the falafel, shawarma or donair if you're into beef.  This place is a gem.
<review# 1290,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2010,3/17/2011,2,15,,3,2>It's great pasta for really reasonable prices. If you're doing a huge shopping trip on 17th ave, it's right in the middle so it's a good place for a break or you can just sit there on the patio for a while and people watch. The food is great, and they have awesome specials on certain days that make your wallet happy. Pssst- guys it's a great place to take your lady out to a "fancy" dinner that seems really nice, but really it's super reasonable and won't leave you broke. Unless the two of you order a lot of alcohol, you won't ever have a bill over 40 dollars.
<review# 1291,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2011,3/16/2011,65,135,2,6,4>If you have not eaten here yet, you are missing out!  I would have to say that this is my favourite breakfast place in Calgary right now - and I am a breakfast LOVER!I can't comment on too many dishes as I usually always get the same meal here - the eggs benedict.  I know that's bad and I need to venture out a little more, but the eggs bennie is SO good, it's the only thing I usually want (and they have 3 types)!  I have also enjoyed the triple breakfast when I am super hungry, as it is very filling.  Even though the prices are a little higher than some other breakfast places, I don't mind this because they get their produce/meat/cheese locally.  Always feels good to support local businesses and farmers.  Plus, the customer service is phenomenal every time!  You may have to wait a little longer to get seated, but they are always very helpful and you can sip on tea/coffee while you wait.  I cannot say enough about the great service I have received here every visit!During my last visit on Tuesday, I found out they are offering gluten free bread now which makes me very happy.  A step in the right direction for those of us out there with dietary restrictions.  So I say, go there for the eggs bennie... or you know, another meal... as soon as you can! ;)
<review# 1292,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2011,3/15/2011,5,14,,11,4>I' ve been going to Sushi Kawa as long as it's been open. It's not the most pleasing decor wise, but as far as the sushi goes you can't go wrong.The rolls are good, as is the sushi itself. If I could say one thing about Kawa it is that the quality is consistent. And the service is consistent as well.The only thing that bugged me a bit (I'm over it now) is a couple of years ago they made some of their rolls much bigger - as in more rice. We actually asked why and they said that they had gotten complaints that the rolls were too small so they changed them. I can only guess it was some people who had been at Tawa down the street (big awful rolls) and for some reason liked that. Who knows. But they (Kawa) have gone back to small rolls for most of their dishes again.Consistent, clean, good service, nice people. Kawa isn't the best decorated as I noted, but for a local spot with consistent sushi, it does just fine.
<review# 1293,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2011,3/14/2011,3,41,2,7,4>This is a pizza joint. Why are people rating it based on decoration? Go to a $$$$ 5 star michelin restaurants if you want service. Be real.The pizza - Amazing.Love:1. Selection.2. Pizza size - 1-person pizza.3. Price - $5-6 + tax.4. Efficiency - Hot fresh pizza ready to pick up within 5 minutes.5. Simple - You pick, you pay, you pick it up and eat it. When you are ready, they are ready to serve you.6. Inspiring stories and quotes on the inside of the pizza box. Gives a personal touch. Very special indeed. Never seen it anywhere else.Will definitely go back and highly recommend.
<review# 1294,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2011,3/13/2011,8,14,,4,1>You can't make comparisons with sushi from Vancouver to Calgary, well, not in the same context.  Globefish (surprisingly for Calgary b/c it's not near an ocean) creates quality sushi.  There's nothing fancy but simple and well-crafted dishes, supplemented by excellent service.  Aside from a lackluster ambiance, there are many reasons to enjoy Globefish--chiefly, the food and service is outstanding.  I wasn't expecting a high-end (Nobu or Toshi-like) Japanese dining experience or environment and neither should you (it's an izakaya: a Japanese gastro-pub). In fact, I wasn't expecting much at all (no offense). Globefish is great for what it is--a decent sushi/izakaya. Order:Gomae and spicy tuna tacos Salmon sushimi and spicy tuna sashimi (the tuna was a too "waterlogged" maybe due to defrosting, breaking apart with a "mushy" texture, but no worries, our waiter apologized and took it off our bill). Crunch and munch roll and Dynamite rollA large size Kirin Ichiban (Premium) beer is essential.  "genki desu!"
<review# 1295,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2011,3/12/2011,429,445,5,8,5>Finally tried this place today! Ordered their lone veg offering, a Gado-Gado plate. Man, was I bummed initially when it turned out to be a green salad smothered in peanut sauce. Seriously? Not even a lone tofu cube? Didn't Indonesians invent tempeh?But what magical peanut sauce it was! The two tapioca crackers it came with were tasty too. It made the shredded cabbage palatable! I nearly cleaned my plate, and the sambal olek added just the right kick (even though I absentmindedly put the entire tapioca cracker it was served on in my mouth. HELLO, I'M AWAKE NOW). Minus one star for the lack of protein (aside from the peanut sauce on the plate).
<review# 1296,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2010,3/11/2011,22,47,3,8,5>I have been going to The Palomino since it opened, first for the live rockabilly and appetizers on First Thursdays and now mainly for dinner dates and live shows in their awesome basement venue.  Basement, you say?  Sounds sketchy but it is quite the opposite.  Definitely, my favourite small venue for local and travelling acts in the city, The Palomino caters to a wide range of genres and music enthusiasts.  Amazing bartenders, beer and the city's best caesars handsdown, we always have a great time at The Palomino.  You can't leave without trying their pulled pork poutine.  Sinfully delicious. A great place for a first date (where I went with my husband on ours!), for work parties, or with a group of friends, The Palomino Social Club basically feels like you are in some raucous 1940s RCMP camp complete with the log cabin walls, surly kitchen staff, and some good time music.
<review# 1297,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2011,3/10/2011,305,278,5,6,6>Delish delish delish!Ok, right off the bat I wasn't impressed by the fact that it's a "order at the counter" type of joint, it really takes out of the dining experience. On a -30C night, having to park really far down the street because they do not have their own lot really irked me. However, once the food came, I knew it was going to be totally insignificant to my future visits. All the ingredients are just SOOOO fresh. All the textures, tastes, colors, presentation were bang on, there was nothing that could have been better. Best part - Wednesday night wine sampler night, free sample wines! The pizza was evenly baked, no soggy bits or burnt patches like some other places. We (I guess that means more like "I") finished off with the Tiramisu, which was a bit heavier than I had expected, but it was just ok. I have heard great things abou the nutella pizza dessert though, which I will have to try.The decor and dining area is elegant, simple and easy on the eyes. Dim lighting, jazzy neofunk dining music buzzing in the background, easily makes this a great date spot.
<review# 1298,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2010,3/9/2011,67,205,,6,3>If you like rodizio, this is a happenin' place for Sunday brunch, now just $18 per adult (kids $16). The side dishes (fresh spinach, salmon salad, halibut, chicken souffle, Brazilian salsa, etc.) are of very high quality, and their frothy lemonade with a hint of lime was a pleasant surprise. I wish someone would update the address, because they're now on Macleod Trail across from Chinook and I can't check in from my mobile!
<review# 1299,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2010,3/8/2011,52,263,3,4,6>Mmm I love this place. These pies are great to keep in your freezer and pull out and thaw as you please for an easy dinner or lunch solution. My favourites are the Jamaican Beef and the Curry Chicken. They are quite spicy but I love that. If you're going to make a spicy pie come on, give it a good kick! Go big or go home!!!!! I have to say though, even when the pies are thawed they take a LONG time too cook in the oven. HOLY. I thought maybe the 20-30 minutes they recommend and I'd be eating but it was close to an hour. Worth but I wasn't prepared for it to take twice as long as the instructions stated. Great now I'm craving a pie like nobodies business. Better place a trip to the farmer's market!
<review# 1300,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2011,3/7/2011,71,173,,8,5>I love this Mall, and in my opinion it is the best in the city, for many reasons.  Here are the reasons its my favourite. Five-star-hotel-quality reception area  ( Very cool customer service area, very upscale)Kids ConciergeComplimentary kids strollers3 Kids play areasCommunity roomCourtesy phone and computerCoat and parcel checkFree wifi  ( No weird logins needed)Sports Zone seating area to watch games( think like a mini theatre but in the mall)Lots of nice seating areasVery upscale washrooms ( see the pic I posted).Spacious food courtA few years back Southcentre began to renovate to create a more  comfortable shopping experience, and I would have to say they succeeded.  They have created alot of nice seating areas to stop and rest, and all of the furnishings are plush and modern. Clearly a cool designer was involved in the revamp.  It never feels crazy like Chinook and there is always lots of parking. They have the cities only   Crate and Barrel, Disney Store and Restoration Hardware. In addition they have all the standard good shops like Banana Republic, Gap, AE, etc....If you want to get groceries there is a Safeway right there too.  Do yourself a favour, skip Chinook one weekend and check out SouthCentre, its worth a second look.  Although I would like to keep this great Mall to myself, in the spirit of Yelp, I'll share it with ya'll    ;)
<review# 1301,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2010,3/6/2011,67,56,3,3,1>Eat! Eat! (I like to say it like a bird chirping) is exactly what I remember small town diners being like. You can go there all the time and get affordable, home-cooked meals that taste good. Eat! Eat! has all of the standard breakfast and lunch fare and they do it up right. Not fancy, just well done. They also have a specials board where they include a rotating menu of fancy/decadent options (stuffed french toast, interesting things with eggs). They do really good soup here and I'd recommend the yam chips. The staff is usually the same and pretty friendly, the coffee isn't great, but isn't bad and the decor seems to be inspired by a box of crayons. Inglewood is lucky to have such a great variety of restaurants. If you're in the mood for a budget-friendly, home-cooked meal, I say Eat! Eat! at Eat! Eat! (see what I did there?).
<review# 1302,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2010,3/5/2011,28,180,5,7,4>Greasy, cheap, effective, and with MASSSIVE portions, GOOD GOLLY. And they have cheap bottles of beer ($4). Asian level pf service to boot. I love that they have kept the original-ish marquee. If money is of higher priority than health, this would be a good choice. This place is hardcore.
<review# 1303,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2010,3/4/2011,83,367,1,7,5>A little piece of reasonably priced sushi heaven, uptown is definitely one of my go tos. Where else could you find such excellently made but reasonably priced piles of sushi?! The selection of rolls is exquisite (and adorably named. I am a sucker for japanese cute). So many tasty combinations. The service is always super friendly, and it quick, easy and cheap. Today they introduced lunch bento boxes!! Delicious and filling. However, a warning: the lunch specials are very special and cheap, and the dinner specials are huge but more expensive.The fish is fresh, the rice tasty, the tea free and easy. I'm serious: free tea, serve yourself. Very casual, but a great place for a lunch date. Or lunch in any form.
<review# 1304,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/2/2010,3/3/2011,27,113,,7,7>We visited this restaurant during a Vine and Dine event. And I was in heaven.I did think we were going for Indian, but during the introduction it was made very clear that it is more of an Indian fusion, with flavours inspired by Indian cuisine, but using lots of local ingredients.I love Indian food, and this was just as good. It was amazing to have those flavours in the food, and a good transition to my partner who had never eaten Indian before. The food was so detailed it's hard to come up with it all, and the menu changes with the seasons since they are supporting local farmers. When were were there we had a bison roast which was to die for yum, and a squash soup which had a goats milk cheese twisted through. Definitely a place to visit! It's quaint and the staff all seem very passionate.
<review# 1305,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2010,3/2/2011,310,796,3,8,8>I cant rave enough about this souvlaki place; having the desire for calamari one afternoon and not wanting to cook, I thought about Crete's.Lo and behold they did have take out and if you order more than 20 dollars worth of food, delivery is free.Nonetheless, you know I went and done it, delicious mouth watering calamari, the lamb souvlaki and two huge orders of bakalava, my food was ready and in less than thirty minutes was at my doorstop.This place is a must have foodie for you foodies out there.
<review# 1306,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2010,3/1/2011,76,56,6,8,6>Now, everyone rants and raves about The Holy Grill because they do good burgers and great panini at reasonable prices. Did you know The Holy Grill also does breakfast? Well, they do and just as well as lunch too.There's breakfast burgers, breakfast paninis and eggs benedict. Splitting our morning meal between the Hot Chick panini (eggs, hot peppers, tomatoes and spinach in lieu of the cappicola ham) and the Pacific benny (2 poached eggs, smoked salmon, spinach, holy grill, english muffin and hash browns) we were filled before 9am. Not to mention some hot, fresh coffee and being in and out in less than 30mins for under $25 and you have an awesome breakfast spot that also *is never busy*.In a city of constant breakfast line-ups it was a total relief to not have to wait for ... anything. Take note, they're open M-Saturday and are closed Sundays. Plus, there's FREE PARKING in their lot (yes, free!) and a patio for the weather resistant.Feel free to grab a fast and fresh breakfast from Holy Grill. Just don't tell too many people and ruin it for the rest of us ok?
<review# 1307,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2010,2/28/2011,88,230,5,4,4>I am absolutely, positively, happily in love with Farm. All I want to do is eat their beet salad and sablefish all day, every day.Seriously, the servers are friendly and quick and never leave you with an empty glass. The decor is cute (although the old wooden chairs can be a bit sore if you're seated for a while!). We had wine pairings with each dish which was great - I'm not a wine person so I always appreciate being told what goes nicely!But the food...oh my gosh, the food. Everything was cooked perfectly in their open kitchen. I love open kitchens so you can see what exactly is going on in there, and everything looked great. The warm beet salad was perfect - I can't wait to go back and try it again. The sablefish was light and soft, the perfect fish dish for people who don't like fishy fish. (That was quite the sentence, but it makes sense in my head.)Honestly every course was perfect - everything was cooked perfectly and all the flavours went well together. I can't wait to go back and try everything else on the menu.
<review# 1308,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/25/2010,2/27/2011,51,42,3,5,3>Hello Sexy! First off I have to start with raves about the service. I have been in the service industry since I have been 16 and let me tell you, the servers last night at UNA would make me look like the meanest most lazy server. They were even nice to the homeless guy who came in and ask for food. We arrived at UNA at 745pm after trying to make a reservation prior, (they don't make them). We were greeted very nicely by a very friendly, attractive hostess. Told that they would take our phone # and call us back when they had room for us. (45 mins) We showed up 45 mins later and decided to have a jug of wine and party in the entrance. 30 mins later our table was ready. Our server, 'BRITTNI' who could be the most honest sweet person in the industry welcomed us. Took the time to tell us about the menu and have playful banter without missing a beat on with the other tables. Lets get to the good stuff, the food.We ordered: -Fresh Tomatoes roasted with sea salt and sherry vinegar, served with crustinis ($7, wish there was more then 4 crustinis, but worth the price) -Goat cheese and boar bacon stuffed mushrooms ($9, 100% delicious, but 5 small mushrooms for a steep cost) and two pizzas. (with the most delicious crust!!!)-Mushroom with truffle oil ($19) real quartered mushrooms, parm, arugula...TO DIE FOR! -Prociutto($20) BORING! this pizza alone lost UNA one of the stars for me, totally stingy on the prosciutto. ohhhh UNA! and my fav order of the night (besides the half litter of wine ($23, red house) was the Q WATER. ($2/per person) sparkling or flat, all you can drink of the 4 time distilled house water. At first I thought these people are outta there mind and heading for a 2 star rating by charging for water, but I love Perrier, and 2 bucks for something that fizzes better... I will be back because of it. Alright lets Quick pro/con this place PROS: -Brittni, our server -The call back system -Its hip -the food! BEST pizza resturant in Calgary!!CONS: -Stingy on the Prosciutto( tisk tisk) All in all, you'd think the hour and a half wait would have soured me, but its warm and welcoming place to be on a Friday night, good company, good background music, good water, FANTASTIC service! Cant wait to be back!
<review# 1309,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2010,2/25/2011,61,55,,19,2>I love Reid's for a number of things, but I do a lot of ordering of envelopes from them. I find the email address for th estore is n-o-w-h-e-r-e to be found. So here it is:TO GET IN TOUCH WITH REID'S BY EMAIL, YOU CAN EMAIL ORDERS@REIDSON17TH.CA
<review# 1310,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2010,2/24/2011,1328,1117,10,18,15>Yesterday I was having a rough day. By 'rough,' I actually mean *awful*. That said, it's understandable why I cancelled my Thursday night commitment and committed to spending a couple of hours with me, myself and I.First off, I love the location of this place. Attached to Eau Claire Market and with patio chairs and tables set up facing Joey Tomatoes, The Barley Mill and The Buffalo Cafe (and the YMCA but I purposely blocked this out from my view considering I was indulging...), this Good Earth is the perfect place to set up for some serious people-watching.I had originally walked over in hopes of indulging in one of those peanut butter marshmallow treats...you know... the heart-attack square as I like to call it... but lucky for me, they were all out. The staff suggested I try their blueberry-chocolate scone, which was delish, and I chose to wash it down with a latte.The bevvy and treat were the perfect additions to great service and a mood-pleasing atmosphere.I may have shown up with a big "Eff-Off" sign plastered across my forehead, but by the time I left, I was mos' def. givin' off more of a "Yeah... that's right... S'ALL Good!" kinda vibe ;)This is a great place to regroup and re-energize. Thanks to the staff for turning my frown upside-down :)
<review# 1311,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2011,2/23/2011,266,478,4,10,6>I've committed a crime by not reviewing these great ladies soon enough on Yelp, considering I've visited Wild About Salads several times.In my Kingsland Farmers Market review I pointed out that their crab salad was beyond delicious. I have since eaten 3 orders of this crab salad on separate occasions and have not gotten tired of it. It still amazes me how flavorful it is and I'm not a big fan of crab either! I also get their couscous salad and smoked salmon sandwich. It's a meal that trumps any mall food court swill.The ladies of Wild About Salads are great and beam with enthusiasm. If I am curious about a particular item, they don't hesitate in letting me sample it. In fact, they really know how to clear a large curious crowd!The tiny corner shop of Wild About Salads is truly a treasure chest of delectable delights. I hope to visit several times more and provide follow-ups!
<review# 1312,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2011,2/22/2011,9,16,4,4,4>Oh, this is going to be fun!I took the sushi class there! If you really want to know how much fun that was, and why your next corporate party (minus the boss, you will know later why) should be held here, bear with me and read on!So... One day me and my ex decided to get into something together. Just so that we had something to show for trying to make it work in front of the divorce judge.I love sushi so much, that I thought it would be wicked to know how to make it. Well, it really helps couples bonding - at home it takes about 3 hours to cook the rice... So... Ready?First five minutes were just plain fun. Putting those aprons on, getting to know other people in class (full every time!), rearranging the neat looking gadgets and peaking at those little white cups for sake...Next five minutes it got even better. Peter, the owner, slowly began to make us all fall in love with his amazingly energizing personality.Oh boy... Next five minutes were the beginning of something that later was a bit difficult to remember) Sake began to be poured... Endlessly. No, man, I mean - endlessly! Fast Forward a bit - I do not remember when I had so much fun learning something new!We all made our own rolls and sushi and sashimi. We got to taste them and even got platters to take home!It was very entertaining to roll those first rolls.Then the staff together with Peter started to entertain us in many other ways - serenading the couples, cracking funny jokes and so on.Sake was still being poured endlessly... Everyone in class had so much fun and after a few hours we all felt like we knew each other forever! There were fun contests too!ONE SERIOUS ADVICE: Have a designated driver or call a cab! You will not want to drive after this class!Excellent choice for a corporate party or a birthday. Could think would be a great idea for a stagette/stag. Million occasions where this class can be a real great idea to take 20 - 30 people to!GREAT VENUE! GREAT STAFF! GREAT SERVICE!P.S. When I came back there a while later for lunch, they recognized me and I got extra treats just because I took that class!
<review# 1313,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2011,2/21/2011,31,50,,8,7>I know Thai Tai from the smaller sub restaurants but I didn't know that there was a full service, sit down restaurant in the city. Boy am I glad we stumbled across this restaurant as we were waiting for an appointment elsewhere in Aspen! The restaurant itself is very clean and bright. We were seated right away as it wasn't very busy on a Tuesday at 1pm. The service was quick and friendly - not overbearing (or under for that matter). The washrooms were nice, which usually says a lot about a restaurant. I ordered the vegetarian spring rolls on vermicelli and the Mister had the beef/chicken Vietnamese sub (from the taste I had, it was super good). My bowl was delicious! It was LOADED with incredibly fresh carrots, sprouts, lettuce, and green onions. The spring rolls were awesome; not just the meat ones with no meat, but they actually put thought into the veggie rolls by adding what I think is tofu. The sauce was sweeter than most others I've had, it was a nice twist. We'll definitely be back, it's well worth the drive for us!
<review# 1314,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2011,2/20/2011,13,45,14,8,3>I just came back from a haircut here again and wanted to reaffirm that this place is the real deal. I feel like a beautiful little princess.
<review# 1315,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2010,2/19/2011,42,74,1,8,6>I fail for not writing a review for this place.. I've been working in the NE for about almost 3 years.. and have been visiting this place all the time for the past year... FINE.. i'll be honest.. at least once a week for the past couple months. I have no guilty feeling for admitting that! I love this place! The food is great! I can only speak of their chicken shawarma and chicken plate. I love both! The chicken is very flavourful, but at times has been a littttle dry - but great nonetheless. Though their beets can be a little hard.. but they've gotten much better with this. I love the garlic sauce, and the hommous is great!Not only is the food great, but I love supporting this place! You can tell it's a family business, and everyone is involved in the success of the restaurant. I've ALWAYS received fantastic warm service. This is definitely a place I'll continue to go to, and recommend checking out when your starving. (The plate is a LOT of food!)
<review# 1316,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2011,2/18/2011,59,52,,5,6>It's a cozy little cafe....I dig this place.  My coworkers and I love going to Bumpy's for coffee, it's a little treat for ourselves.  They have variety of freshly baked muffins and hot yummy lattes.  I love their scones...they are just so yummy.....whenever I see their scones, I have to get it.  I just can't resist!  Also if you are a tea-drinker, you have to try their tea!  It's so good.  They use actual tea leaves and not tea bags!!!  My personal favorite is their Jasmine Green Tea.  It's so refreshing.  Love their services too.  The staffs are friendly and always have a big smile on their face.  Thumbs up for Bumpy's!
<review# 1317,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2011,2/17/2011,165,224,,6,5>I'm a big fan of Delicious Thai. Every time my friends and I want to go for a low-key dinner, and don't want to venture too far, I take them to Delicious Thai.Here are my favourites at the restaurant:-Green curry chicken. I love love LOVE their Green curry chicken. Absolutely amazing sauce, and I love the array of vegetables in the curry. I am pretty sure I can literally eat it every single day.- Papaya and shrimp salad. So unique and flavourful and light and fresh and tasty!!- deep fried ice cream. Mmmm!!! Try it. You have to.Their service might be a bit slow sometimes because the restaurant gets packed pretty quickly. I went yesterday on a Monday night, and every table was occupied, and there was a steady stream of people coming in the entire time I was there! Even though the service might be a bit slow, it is very courteous. Every time I have been there, I have been greeted warmly and politely. I love this place, and recommend it to everyone. My favourite Thai restaurant in Calgary so far.
<review# 1318,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/7/2011,2/16/2011,55,116,3,5,5>Really good little place! Family business, great food! great service I am going to be coming here more often!!! Great noodles very fresh tasting and looking! everything is well prepared and well presented. While I was in their I felt very welcome and have to say that the lady who served me went out of her way to make me feel comfortable! A very family business feel ( in a very good way!) I recommend this place to anyone who loves noodles and soup!!
<review# 1319,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2011,2/15/2011,20,6,,13,6>I started going to SHE in 2008. I went on a whim to prove a point to someone who bet me that I was wearing the wrong bra size. I went in to the store thinking I was a 36DD and found out that I was actually a 30G!I ended up walking away with two gorgeous bras, and A LOT less money in my pocket. They definitely have some cheaper pieces in the store, but with my hard to fit size many of them did not fit me.The salesgirls are wonderful, and there is always beautiful stuff no matter what size you are. With a new line that came in this summer called CHANGE finally there are pretty bras for hard to fit chesty girls like myself that are under $100.I recommend SHE for sure, once you get your first properly fit bra you will never go back!
<review# 1320,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2011,2/14/2011,19,9,,10,7>This is the best early childhood playtime/education program that I've found in town.  Hands down.  Seriously.The staff is great.  The programming is great.  It is no frills and basic, but really well thought out.Don't expect some big dirty jungle gym here, the emphasis is on singing, dancing, playing, crafts and storytelling, all rolled up into a one hour class.I've been taking my son here since he was old enough to join the first group and he's been in a few classes since.  He loves the class, he lights up when he realizes where we are headed, and he always gives the teacher (Natasha) a big hug before we leave.In addition to the regular programming, Brilliant Beginnings offers workshops on childhood behaviour, fussy eating etc...  They also have a great Christmas party for the little ones, with crafts, Santa and gift bags, free of charge except with the expectation that participants donate to a worthy cause that the owner is involved in over in Africa.There are actually 2 locations, this one listed on this page being the first.Afterwards, check out the coffee shop (Central Blends) next door.Try it, you'll like it.MK
<review# 1321,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/7/2011,2/13/2011,68,46,4,6,4>Hello, meat sweats! If you are a carnivore that enjoys their BBQ meat, you will enjoy a trip to Holy Smoke!  If you aren't a lover of meat (especially of the smoked variety) you will want to give this place a miss.Holy Smoke is easy to miss - tucked into a business area just off of Blackfoot Trail SE. The space is small, filled with folding tables & chairs. Far from pretentious.  Generally speaking, the patrons are friendly (good thing as you may need to share a table - beware the table hopping hipsters though.)  It is often busy, but they have a quick turn over in terms of traffic.I have had both the beef brisket (large - WAY too much for me) & the pulled pork (regular size & much more of a human sized serving.)  The ribs looked quite good - surprising for me to say as I am not a rib lover.  I had a bite of their hot link & man does that pack a punch!They have countless sauces you can add to your sandwich, so if you find your food not seasoned quite as much as you like, there are options galore!Cornbread - their version is sweet.  All depends if that is how you like it or not.  Other side dish offerings are coleslaw, baked beans, macaroni salad (& perhaps others that I did not take a mental note of.) I have not had any of them, but they are there.The pecan pie at the counter is tempting, but so far I have managed to resist (GO ME!)Bathrooms are clean. Staff are friendly.  What more could you ask for in a place that will get you in & out in no time, if that's what you need?
<review# 1322,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2010,2/12/2011,68,69,,4,5>Dear God, thank you for Santorini and their kleftiko.This is my all-time favourite place to go in Calgary. When friends are visiting, I take them here. When it's time for a special occasion, I want to go here. When I get hungry, I want to go here.The kleftiko, or roast lamb, was divine ... the meat practically melting in my mouth.I love the assortment of appetizers, from as simple as pita and hummus to Greek staples like saganaki and spanakopita.My best friend, who gets to dine on the most amazing Greek cuisine at Mino's in Kamloops, B.C., came to visit and had the moussaka. She said it was the best moussaka she'd ever had.Complement your dinner with a Boutari off the wine list.Service is typically excellent, the atmosphere is wonderfully Greek and there's belly dancing on Saturday nights.You won't regret a trip to Santorini.
<review# 1323,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2011,2/11/2011,13,27,4,5,8>After an hour long search for new eats that had us aimlessly wondering through Calgary's southwest, our indecisiveness was eventually rewarded with this little gem of a restaurant on 17th.It is a relatively small seating area with the tables pretty close together making it a tad awkward as I clumsily worked my way to my seat right by this couple seemingly on a romantic date :).  However the setup made for a nice cozy intimate atmosphere which i tend to favor over the hustle and bustle of a packed diner.The service was pleasant and swift , but that could be due to the fact we strolled in 5 minutes until the kitchen closed.  I ordered the spring rolls (pork, sprouts and vermecelli) and the chicken bulgogi.  I found the spring rolls to be on par as they should be and the chicken to be delicious with just enough spice to leave me wanting.  Also coupled with kimchi, radish strips, rice and a piece of green leaf lettuce and you've got yourself quite the flavorful wrap.I am definitely anxious to hit up this tiny joint again in the future.
<review# 1324,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2010,2/10/2011,86,25,3,8,6>I adore Kawa. Ka-Vah, Polish for coffee.I'm here more than any other shop in the city (at least 4 times a week...)Like Dinah G. - I am also writing my review whilst sitting at Kawa.  I could go on for days about how wonderful it is here. Perhaps it'll be better for everyone if I write a list!1) They serve 49th Parallel Coffee - 49thparallelroasters.com2) They are fully licensed, with a lovely array of bottled micro-brews & vino3) The staff are competent, quick, and oh so friendly4) Location, Location, Location5) Free Wireless!!6) 2 hr parking on 14th ave, and a few reserved spots on 8th street7) Live Music most nights, or cool tunes ring through the speakers8) Special Culinary Events (usually vegetarian, or gluten-free, or equally delicious & yummy) These ALWAYS sell out in advance9) Fresh Euro Pastries Every Day... Save Room!10) Nice washrooms. I can't speak for the gents, but the ladies room is always stocked, the lighting is good, and it smells lush 11) Last one - they are open late! 11:00PM most nights.Enjoy!KLM
<review# 1325,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2011,2/9/2011,9,84,,3,3>Lord give me strength......the hamburgers are to simply die for!*swoons*I just recently moved downtown and this place is a block from my apartment so a friend and I decided to stop by for lunch after a full previous night of tequila *shudder*.  We both ordered a Crush Grilled Burger each.  You can add mushrooms, avocado, onions and/or your favorite cheese.  It comes with a side of fries, regular or yam (with a spicy dipping sauce!).The burger arrived and it was HUGE! The mushrooms and cheese falling off the sides....pure heaven in my eyes.  We gobbled down our burgers and in between bites and breaths we commented on how yummy they were!  They were juicy and seasoned perfectly.  The extra toppings made it just awesome!The burger was $13 and toppings were $2 extra each.  It was a higher price for a burger, but it was WAY worth it.  It calmed our poor hungover tummies/heads and we are now going there for our monthly burger fix (minus the hangover).I have yet to try any of their other food since now i'm jaded and can only dream about their burgers, but I WILL try to pick something different next time...try ..only try.The service was fine for my taste, but we were busy chatting and the place wasnt that full when we were there.  The atmosphere was cozy and chill.  I'd love to go back with a group of people ..say for my birthday! ooh good idea!  You can download their menu on their website: crushrestaurant.com/menu
<review# 1326,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2011,2/8/2011,11,32,1,4,6>Although Calgary's China Town isn't the most spectacular thing to see...that is when you compare it to ones like San Francisco or Vancouver, you do have to give it credit for housing some of the top places to eat and drink, Try Again being one of them.Try Again is one of my personal favorite places to go to when I'm in the area and I highly recommend people to definitely check it out.  Like what other reviewers had said, Try Again is a quaint bubble tea shop - where it's a below the ground unit.  Unlike places such as: Bubblemania, APM, or the Dessert House, Try Again is take out only - so don't be disappointed in not finding tables and chairs to sit at.  However the interior of the place is very warm and cute with splashes of bright colours and an array of Asian gadgets.Despite it's teensy quarters, Try Again's menu is extremely vast, offering a huge variety in fresh fruit drinks, milk teas, slushes, as well as specialty drinks.  All drinks can be customized too, where it can be a singular flavour or mixed depending on what floats your boat of taste buds.  The service, efficiency and quality of the drinks are truly exceptional.  Although the place is cash only, the price of the drinks there are exceptionally reasonable, given to the fact that the portions are quite big, and the taste is literally to die for.
<review# 1327,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2011,2/6/2011,7,61,1,5,3>Went Thursday Jan 27th for my gfs birthday.Bigger restaruant than it seems from the website.  Almost full at 6:30pm.  We had a nice little booth, near the back of the restaurant.Buiness casual older crowd, feel free to wear jeans, but some people were dressed up.  Servers wear jeans.Food was AMAZING.  Mussels and fries with dip for appetizer.  Huge mussels, and tasty fries.Main courses: GF had salmon, with shrimp and potatoes, she liked it.I had the rotisserie special of the night (thurs and fri) Prime rib.  WOW, huge piece of meat, cooked perfectly.  I couldn't even eat it all.  Came with brocollini, carrots, and a tasty scalloped potato, sweet potato, bacon and cheese mix.   Dessert was choc cake with choc ice cream.  Ok.Beers were $7, and my gf had a $12 cocktail.  Pros:  Amazing food.Cons: Very noisy inside.  No free bread.   Bowness.Located on the other side of the street of pizza 3000, glad we didn't go there for dinner.Worth going to, but have a reservation, and bring your rich friends to pay.
<review# 1328,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2010,2/5/2011,30,181,,4,3>It's important to know that Pulcinella isn't a normal pizza joint, at least not for Canada. You won't find super deluxe triple bacon pizzas or random ingredients that don't make a lot of sense for a traditional pizza.Nope, the food served with the pizza being the focus, is traditional Italian food. This is Napoletana style Pizza. The ingredients used are of the highest quality and truly make the pizza the delicious creation that it is.The atmosphere is fun, but elegant. It's great for a date or a small group of friends. There is a great wine selection and as a whole, it's simply a great experience for everyone.
<review# 1329,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2011,2/4/2011,0,40,,6,4>I have been going there for years.  All locations are great.  I usually call ahead to see if they have what I am looking for.  The staff will then go to a central data base that almost always finds the book I am looking for at any of their several locations.   It is great if you belong to a book club.  Support small business instead of  Costco if you want cheaper prices on books!
<review# 1330,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2011,2/3/2011,50,124,,7,5>Here's another place I go to fairly often because of proximity to my office (always a significant factor when it is -27 and windy)!!That being said, I do come back once a week, and like it for more than it just being nearby.This shop is essentially a takeout counter, but one where they prepare your food to order.    There is ** one ** table and chairs if you absolutely need a place to dine in.  But if you do, you will more than likely be surrounded by people waiting for THEIR takeout orders.    Typically I'll grab a lunch special, which for $10.95 you will get a California roll, 3 pcs. of sushi (salmon, tuna, shrimp), and 5 pcs. sashimi (salmon & tuna).  As well, miso soup, and salad.     Not a bad amount of food for the price.  You can create your own roll / sushi combo as well, for 10% off the individual prices.  The spicy tuna rolls are good, with a non-mayo hot sauce.  Prices for the "standard" rolls range from $4 to $10.   "Special rolls, " such as a rainbow, go from $12 to $15.   Some of these are fairly elaborate, with an effort on "plating and presentation," despite being takeout.  Always friendly behind the counter, and pretty quick despite only two people doing the prep.   They probably do a pretty good business with the number of condos surrounding it.
<review# 1331,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2011,2/2/2011,85,210,,7,5>I love breakfast - a lot. So much so that quite often my weekly "treat" is to go out for all-day breakfast somewhere. I find myself going to the same places over and over again, so today I made the decision to try out Belmont since it's not too far from home.The decor and atmosphere is really cute - exactly what you'd expect from a "diner." I went at about 2:30pm on a Saturday, so any crowds were gone and I was one of only a few tables. There are only about 10 tables total, so I can imagine that peak hours it would be quite busy (like The Loop across the street).The menu is small but offers something for everyone. While the Eggs Benedict are supposed to be a specialty, I ordered a The Cody, which are eggs scrambled with vegetables. The kitchen is open so it's fun to watch the staff doing their thing while they work. The food came quickly and was piping hot. Instead of little bits of veggies in the eggs, there were tons throughout, including big pieces of tomato on top - fabulous! I really enjoyed the bread as well, which was a multigrain/flax I think. The only part of the meal I wasn't crazy about were the hasbrowns, which tasted a little undercooked to me, so much so they almost tasted like something out of the freezer warmed up. However, this may have been a one-time thing - I'll have to try again - and, while I can't eat that much, the hasbrowns are supposed to be bottomless, for those with big appetites.The service was prompt and the server attentive. By the end of the meal, when I hadn't even finished my first cup of coffee, she asked if I wanted one to go. She came back with a fresh cup of coffee, complete with lid - especially timely because I took my dog for a walk immediately after. I appreciated the gesture!All in all, definitely worth a visit, and I will be back.
<review# 1332,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2011,2/1/2011,4,24,,7,5>I went in not expecting a whole lot as I've been to a few Great Events catered events and was extremely underwhelmed at the food.  But I was very pleasantly surprised, the food was fresh, high quality and very tasty.We had calamari, dry ribs and spinach artichoke dip with house made chips for appies, the dry ribs and dip were really good.  The calamari was kinda forgettable with a really thick tzaziki that didn't have much flavour.For mains we all had pizzas, I tried both the xxx and the harvest and they were both very good.  Our dinner companions had the deluxe and rustica which also both received high marks. Dessert was good with a nice selection of tarts and cakes.  The florentine's were thick and didn't receive high marks however the new york cheese cake was very nice and so was the pecan whiskey tart.Overall I'd suggest Cravings as a nice place for a quick lunch of a nice casual dinner.
<review# 1333,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2011,1/31/2011,33,81,,7,4>Great little coffee shop/bakery. Not only are their baked goods top notch, but recently they brought a gourmet feel to their location by offering french inspired breakfast, lunch, and dinner entres. Although a touch on the pricey side for a neighborhood joint, the taste and variety of food will make you come back for more.
<review# 1334,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2010,1/30/2011,3,5,4,5,5>I live right next to this particular establishment and I find myself there quite often. Location has little to do with it however. I go so much because the sushi is simply fantastic quality! In fact, I would say without hesitation that it is the finest quality Calgary has to offer sushi lovers.There is a potential downside, and also my reason for not rating it 5 stars: the price. What was that saying? "You get what you pay for"? That's pretty much the deal here.But indulge yourself some time! You wont regret it.
<review# 1335,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2011,1/29/2011,17,3,7,9,9>Central Blends' muffins may seem relatively harmless, but beware. First you'll sample the regulars -- blueberry bran, cranberry oat -- then you'll realize that they are just the gateway drug to a daily roulette of muffin goodness: raspberry lemon ginger, coconut mango, or the amazing rhubarb streusel... Believe me, I could go on.There's much more than muffins, of course, and once you're addicted to those, you might just want to come back for lunch. They also have a constant rotation of delicious soups and sandwiches, always with some vegetarian options and often gluten-free as well. As for ambience? I think the wobbly tables are a potential downside (if only because you might spill one of their excellent coffees), but the exhibition of local artists usually makes up for it. And there are handmade, one-of-a-kind greeting cards above the cream and sugar, $5 each, which are exactly what I would want for my birthday (hint!) As the other reviewer noted, it's the kind of place where, if you start going regularly, you'll find yourself running into lots of people you know and maybe even starting conversations with people you don't know. After all, muffin addicts need support groups...
<review# 1336,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/4/2010,1/28/2011,19,273,7,21,3>I walked into Groovy Nails wanting a pedicure.  The place was quiet, only one other woman getting her nails did.  A woman greeted me, said I could get in and told me to pick my polish.  They have the standard pedicure chairs, there were 4 of them.  She had me sit down right away, put on her gloves and started working on me.  She never offered me any magazines.  She put the scrub on my legs first and left it on for a bit.  She trimmed my nails a bit, I asked her to trim them more, but she just filed them.  She gave a nice long foot and leg rub.  She didn't use the razor on my feet, I know I needed a bit of skin shaved off.  She painted my nails quickly, not even letting the bottom coat dry first.  She told me to go over to the dryer and I sat there for about 10 minutes while she cleaned, what seemed like, the entire place.  The pedicure cost me $31.50.  A manicure here costs only $15, a full set of acrylic $35.The quality of service and the pedicure at Groovy were not up to par with other nail salons I have been to.  The price was the cheapest I have seen though and they definitely are clean here, which are two big pluses.
<review# 1337,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2010,1/27/2011,16,10,1,9,6>If I had unlimited resources, and the ability to digest freakish amounts of wine, cheese and creme broulee, I would say Divino employees would know my name...and yet some already do. I LOVE this place. Although seemingly posh posh, the wait staff was very patient as my friends and I chose our cheese platter (having to ask the waiter many many questions) and suggested some great wine pairings for them. Although fantastic any time of year, I would recommend going in the winter, as there is something truly magical about the brick interior strewn about with white lights when it is snowing outside. Love.
<review# 1338,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2010,1/26/2011,162,32,,11,10>Just home from the first Calgary Yelp Community event, organized by Wendy P., and hosted at the Unicorn Pub.This was my third visit to the Unicorn - and my third good experience!  The venue holds a lot of people, and can accomodate a group easily.  This was a perfect pick for Wendy's inaugural community event.The service has been great each time I was there.  Never had to wait long for drinks, and the food has always arrived promptly.One of Tuesday's specials was 3 hard-shell tacos for $5.  Awesome snack as the group visited.For sports fans, there are lots of TV's so good place to catch a hockey game.  Definitely will return. :)
<review# 1339,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/23/2010,1/25/2011,22,11,6,8,6>My brother is a chef and I'm just a guy who likes good food.  Based on my wifes recommendation, the two of us decided to try lunch there a week ago.  My brother and I split the lentil salad and a chick pea tomato stew.  both were good but I really enjoyed the chick pea tomato stew.  For our main meal we both ordered the Porchetta sandwich which was amazing.  The breads are baked right on site and are a great touch to their homemade porchetta.    We both had a pint of Black Pilsner from the local Brew Bros which is a must try. It's a great simple but good real food lunch spot that I'm definitely going back to.They do serve dinner, but I don't know much about it.
<review# 1340,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2011,1/24/2011,187,427,,9,5>Great little Asian market in downtown that specializes in Korean/Japanese groceries (right next to the community food store).  There are all sorts of surprises here.  For example, besides T&T it's the only place I get real Japanese curry, mochi, real Kim Chi, and asian sweets, crackers and candies.  The mark up here is high, but it sure beats having to travel all the way to T&T when making asian dishes.  The staff aren't the most friendly here either.  However, these type of ethnic food stores are hard to find in Calgary, so its a real oasis despite its flaws.
<review# 1341,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2010,1/22/2011,95,304,,7,10>I've been to Bolero's three times with different company, different times (twice it was busy, once we were basically the only table). So the environment, decor, and ambiance works for almost any type of event, regardless of party size or people attending. That's a big plus. I really enjoyed the atmosphere. Bathrooms were tidy.  The price is unbeatable... for the amount of food you get, and the quality, you can't really argue with 40 bucks. I've even just done the buffet for 20 before because the quality of the buffet is much higher than most buffets. The hot food as well as the cold food is great, and I especially enjoy their pasta salad. I will say that besides the wine I wasn't a big fan of their alcoholic drinks... but I go there more for the food. They do have a good selection of wines though. Service was amazing on all three occasions. The servers themselves, i.e. the ones taking drink orders, were OK (not too knowledgeable... probably could do without them altogether), but the passadores (servers with the meat skewers) were the best. They had a lot of witty comments to amuse my table on all occasions, and were very friendly and helpful with getting us the skewers we wanted. The quality of meat was good, and the passadores ensured that everyone at our table left full of whatever they liked best. Definitely recommend the grilled pineapple, it's delicious. Wouldn't mind if they added some turkey but their selection is already quite impressive and satisfying. Always a very relaxed and delicious experience for me, so far. Make reservations far in advance - it's a great place to celebrate, or just enjoy a meal with any size of group. I'd recommend this place to anyone, meat-lover or not.
<review# 1342,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2010,1/21/2011,86,132,,9,6>Tango Bistro is a tapas restaurant that has been carved out of the Smuggler's complex.  It is a very clean and modern room very different from it's past life as part of Smugglers.  The small plates concept is done very well with many to choose from.  We had a large-ish group of 12 so we asked the server is she would pick for the table.  We told her of one plate that we definitely wanted & one that we did not want and she did the rest.  We were very happy with the overall quality of the dishes and the service.  We also found the pricing quite reasonable as dinner for 12 with alcohol was $440 before tip.  I will definitely be returning!
<review# 1343,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2010,1/20/2011,62,31,14,19,14>Pro-Line is easier to find if I say, "It's inside the Gun Shop".  Yup.  Doug, the Barber, works a chair in the front window of a gun shop in Inglewood.  And I wouldn't have it any other way!  In an age when a trip to the barber is not always the same macho experience it was for our fathers, and their fathers--having your hairs snipped and clipped while folks are discussing scopes and calibers just to your left is about as exhilaratingly masculine as it gets.  Expect to pay $15-$17 bucks, and be prepared to chat about anything under the sun.Be warned--if you want a head massage, or frosted tips, or some other fancy-pants bit of faffery don't get your hair cut in a gun shop.
<review# 1344,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2011,1/19/2011,7,7,,7,5>To me, the term "tavern" conjures up images of a seedy bar in a rundown hotel. The word seedy does not even enter my mind when I think of Stonehill. This massive, two-story building houses what can only be described as a casually elegant restaurant and lounge. The centrepiece of the entire structure being the two-story wine tower with its own elevator visible from every table in the place. The tables are plentiful and very well-spaced making conversation easy and pleasant. The dining room is on the lower level, with booths along the outer walls, each with its own window. The upper level is the tavern (a misnomer, in my opinion) with a number of flat screens and different seating options. When weather permits, there is a huge balcony off the upper level as well.The service was friendly and attentive without being intrusive. The food was very good and ranged from salads, flatbreads, pasta and sandwiches to more elaborate entrées like braised lamb shank. We were there for the more casual fare, and found it to be tasty and plentiful. I really liked the Stonehill Crispy Potatoes, a fancier version of potato skins with pulled pork instead of bacon.In an area of the city that has long been a restaurant wasteland, this is a welcome addition. Here's hoping that it will continue along the path it has started.
<review# 1345,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2011,1/18/2011,3,8,,5,7>This place is quite breath talking...Walk in and start your peruse.There are treasures from around the world, gems of local care and the staff are really quite great.Honestly, when you are looking for that mild, stinky, rich, sharp, soft or great something that you saw on Iron Chef... or in some other medium...Hit Springbank Cheese,They are that great.
<review# 1346,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2010,1/17/2011,40,64,,4,2>Oh, this place is very fine. I have become a movie buff because of htis place. It's glorious. Also, they have a decent reward system where every 4 rentals gives you a "half-off" of a new release, every 8 gives you a free one.Staff is pretty quiet for some reason, and to be honest, has gone down on "quality" the last few months. What I mean is that there used to be one or two people, besides the owner that really "knew" movies. Now it's kids who don't know what's going on. Also, foreign films section could really be beefed up.I love this place. I bring friends from out of town here just to show them how awesome it is.
<review# 1347,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2010,1/15/2011,8,266,6,9,8>This Mediterranean market and halal meat shop may be short on pantry items - they've got more hookah pipes than anything - but they're long on affordable and tasty Mediterranean fast food eats.  The king lording over the menu is the ever-popular shawarma - slow grilled meats stuffed in a Mediterranean pita with vegetables and a tasty garlic sauce.  I always get extra sauce on my chicken shawarma cuz it really ties the whole thing together.  It's a bit spicy, a bit sweet, it's crunchy, and it's a great alternative to a standard burger.  This place offers dine in, take out, and they even deliver when you're feeling really lazy.
<review# 1348,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2010,1/14/2011,130,261,5,6,6>It would seem that Calgary, Alberta, is always one of the last places to embrace all of the good things that exist. Vegan and vegetarianism being no exception, as I've experienced living 'round these prairie parts as a vegan for 8 or so years. However, it is restaurants such as the Coup, which give me some hope. Aside from the long wait times, as this has become some sort of hipster hang out (dietary restrictions are obviously hip, guys), I have never really had a Coup experience that was less than pleasant. It is ambient when it's quiet and you are having dinner with a friend or two by pseudo candlelight. It is buzzing and full of positive, warm energy when it's busy; a reminder of Calgary's growing globally conscious, veggie fueled community. A lovely little nook for eats indeed. After trying everything vegan friendly on the menu at least twice, I'd have to recommend the Sundried Tomato Hummus and Upstream Burger with yam wedges for those who have never been. I have a friend from across the country who when he visits, basically forces me to go for Upstream Burgers. Threats are issued if I'm reluctant. I have also stopped into the Coup jussssst for the vegan chocolate torte and a coconut rum chai with almond milk. Just sayin'.
<review# 1349,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2011,1/13/2011,61,22,5,7,7>Going to Burger Inn is like a religious experience. Many years ago, a friend introduced me to the location in the NE (since long gone), and I've been hooked ever since. If I was to describe their burgers in only two words... they would be "Seriously Delicious"My favorite is a Super Chicken, with mayo, teriyaki, lettuce and extra tomato. Just doesn't get better for a chicken sandwich.The location on 4th also has some really great people working there who have been part of the chain since the beginning, so you're sure to be treated great and have a great time.Parking on the other hand, is a bit dodgy, but I've gotten away with taking a chance on the lot behind the building.
<review# 1350,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2011,1/12/2011,116,106,,7,3>One of my favourite Pho places downtown, Song Viet is pretty much open all year round except for Christmas.  I was last here on New Year's Day, hoping that there were some food places open downtown, and I was ecstatic to see that Song Viet was.They offer a menu very similar to other Vietnamese places in town.  You can find all sorts of Pho (including chicken) plus various rice vermicelli dishes.  The prices are very reasonable here, especially when you consider the portion sizes you get.  Menu prices for appetizers and entrees range from $6-16 with many dishes ranging between $8-12.  You can easily eat your fill for around $10 or less.If you're a frequent Pho connoisseur, you know that each place makes their broth a little differently.  Here, the broth is light, so if you have a sensitive pallet, or are looking for something whose broth won't overpower everything else in the soup, this one's not too bad.I've been here often enough to know that if they're running low on ingredients, they'll send someone out to shop at the various stores in Chinatown to bring more in.  So in that sense, many of the food items are fresh like that.If you're looking for an affordable yet tasty place downtown to satisfy a Pho craving, Song Viet is an excellent choice.
<review# 1351,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2010,1/11/2011,39,84,8,8,7>the sign says 'best latte ever' and i kind of scoffed at first, but after trying the lattes i must agree! they come out so frothy and rich, and the locations in both art & fashion central are awesome.  great people-watching and arty feeling (naturally).  some nice food specials & i tried the quiche--very, very tasty.  every drink arrives with latte art! what a treat. i recommend the nutella latte.  nutella is like crack to me so i totally fell for it in a hot drink.
<review# 1352,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/28/2010,1/10/2011,429,445,4,8,5>The best handmade falafel in Calgary. You have to come here starving, or the portions can be overwhelming. But the service is great, and if you stop in often enough, the owner refers to you as his best friend :) Their tabouleh salad and dolmades are delicious too. You almost want to cry when someone suggests Opa instead. No!
<review# 1353,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2010,1/9/2011,34,45,4,6,5>I love ATP. They've been churning out really good theatre forever in Calgary, and it never stops. I've seen some of my favorite plays at ATP - they make choices that might be more risky than the other big theatre companies in town (coughtheatrecalgarycough).Because of these risks they take, I've seen a few plays that I haven't enjoyed, but I've never regretted giving my money to the company in town that respects the performing arts and works to make theatre approachable, meaningful and stunning.
<review# 1354,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2010,1/8/2011,8,37,5,8,5>The Eau Claire Y is my favorite gym. You can read all about the facility on their website, but here's what I consider the highlights (and very limited lowlights):(+)= equipment in great shape; CLEAN;huge locker rooms and showers- (tons of room even during the after work rush, full size lockers, always super clean)- so I haven't been tempted to pay more for the super fancy executive locker room (but if it's like the executive bathroom on the simpsons, maybe it's worth it!);diverse clientele, inclusive atmosphere;friendly, helpful staff;lots of exercise programs if that's your thing;affordable (especially with a student card)(-)= Just one- parking in Eau Claire is expensive.  During the day the Eau Claire shopping centre is the cheapest, I think.  The surrounding street is $4 per hour by parkplus until it's free after 6.
<review# 1355,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/25/2010,1/7/2011,22,47,2,6,2>I decided to try out Insomnia Coffee Company because it was one of the cafes listed on the YYC Disloyalty Card and it was located not too far from my work.  On first impression, Insomnia has a great downtown location and is located in an absolutely beautiful building and space.  Huge loft ceilings, comfy seating, and friendly staff.  They had freshly baked Peanut Butter Cookies and they were Gluten-Free!  Incredible!  It is pretty rare to come across any sort of GF baked good in the downtown area so I was majorly impressed.  The cookie even had a delicious glob of strawberry jam on the top, making it PB&J!  The coffee was great too.  I just had a regular Americano and it was perfect -- but that also has to do with the barista because I know he has worked in some of Calgary's top coffee shops already.  All around great place to go for a business meeting or to hang out before hitting the theatre.
<review# 1356,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/7/2010,1/6/2011,47,97,,5,3>Food: 4/5Atmosphere: 4/5Service: 4/5Overall experience: 3.5/5(1- Terrible; 3- decent; 5- Fantastic)Overall, check this place out since this is one of the best Korean places in Calgary for authentic Korean food. Hankang is one of the best Korean places in Calgary to go for authentic Korean food; owned by Koreans. I suggest you check this place out if you are craving Korean and in the area (it's right across from Sir Winston Churchill High School). I only gave it an 'overall experience' a 3.5 because among my favourite Korean restaurants in Calgary this one is kind of on the bottom and will only pay another visit if I'm in the area. However, it's still a great place for terrific food. I stumbled upon this place after my bf was craving Korean and I happened to have a discount card to Hankang. Most items on the menu come with (miso) soup, rice, and side dishes (kimchi, garlic potatos - my fav, zucchini, bean sprouts and sometimes deep fried tofu). If you want more, you have to pay an extra $2 which is one thing I don't like about this Korean restaurant.Tried the Beef Jeon Gol hot pot stew for two ($29.95) which is a Korean style beef soup with mushrooms and vegetables.  As I mentioned in one of my other reviews, I don't really like Korean hotpot as much as Chinese because it already comes prepared and you just have to turn on the burner and wait. It's also not worth the money. Thus, if you do come here I highly suggest you try their meat BBQ. The last couple of times my bf and I came here, we almost always got the BBQ beef because it's super flavourful (one of the best places to have it at) and the portion was enough to feed both of us. I suggest you try their beef bulgogi ($15.95), or if you like spicy their Jeyuk Bokum ($16.95 spicy marinated pork with vegetables), or Osam Bulgogi ($17.95 spicy marinated side pork and squid with vegetables). They are all equally tasty! The meat comes out sizzling on a hot plate and the aroma gets your taste buds going. Our meal ended with a cool lychee served in its juices which is refreshing and cleansing to the palate.Just to mention, you can also do your own BBQing here, but might end up smelling like it since there is no ventilation. Either way, the restaurant will have an amazing aroma!If you're looking to pair the BBQ meat with something, then try the Chap Chae which is seasoned glass noodles with beef, mushroom and assorted vegetables (Sm-$10.95; Lg-$13.95). You can't go wrong with Korean glass noodles especially if you're looking for something non-spicy. It's been very good at almost all the Korean restaurants I've been to.  HanKang also offers lunch specials which I got the chance to try with a couple friends after class.Their lunch specials ($9.53) consists of a choice between short beef ribs or chicken bulgogi with steamed rice, two pieces of spring rolls, a salad and soup. I got the chicken bulgogi lunch special which had a good portion of meat but the chicken bulgogi was was kind of disappointing because it was under seasoned. Don't let this tiny detail deter you from the rest of the BBQ meat though! Overall, it's an OK deal and I was definitely full by the end. However, I still consider Sura Korean Restaurant's lunch special top notch and well worth the money (see my other review). The atmosphere is really nice, kind of old fashioned/traditional but still warm and inviting. The owner is always there and he is a really nice and friendly person. Although he and some of the servers don't speak a lot of English, the service is still good. Since the restaurant is small, a quick glance around the room by the servers is just needed to make sure your cups are topped off or if you need anything else. It's a tad bit more expensive (maybe a dollar or two more) than some other places but the food and environment makes up for it.
<review# 1357,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2010,1/4/2011,305,278,6,10,10>Finally have the time to review this very SEXY, SLEEK and SEDUCTIVE joint. Very posh, intimiate venue with equally impressive wait staff.Every server is well equipped to suggest a good wine, even if you don't know what you want. Seating spaces are fitted, layout definately makes you engage your company a little more than intimately (so bring a hot date). Menu allows you to try many different types of wines without committing to a bottle (if you have commitment problems and just want some fun) in 2oz 4oz or 6oz, so it's a great place to find "that one special wine for you."One of my secret spots (not so secret now) is here, on the patio. This place features an absolutely fabulous second floor patio that overlooks 4th street, so you can watch the drunkies across the way, or enjoy the cars and people through your wine glass. The trees are lit up with lights and on brisk nights the patio is heated with heat lamps. Absolute perfect place to curl up to your newly found love. *hugs wine glass*On busy nights, wait can be a bit long so make resos.
<review# 1358,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2010,1/3/2011,128,46,,8,7>I absolutely love Bodhi Tree. It's refreshing that the instructors are really living the yogi life - they're not just some fitness instructors in a yoga studio. Each of them have a different style, but I like that they are all warm, welcoming and not snobby to newbies. They know the physiology of yoga and balance it well with non-denominational philosophy to create a space of physical and mental challenge.I truly appreciate that the teachers will push you just enough, but are very mindful that we all have personal limits. It's perfectly acceptable to ask for help or lay on your mat if you need a brief rest in a tough class. They will support you through your experience and make sure that you don't hurt yourself. It's not about who gets the perfect pose - it's about doing your personal best. I never feel pressured by anyone but my own drive.More reasons to like them:*you can buy 10 or 20 time passes, as well as monthly*you can sign in to classes online to save time*nice change rooms with showers available*beautiful, serene spaceAfter a few months of going regularly, I feel like I've become part of the family there. I most enjoy the hot yoga classes. The price is absolutely worth it.
<review# 1359,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/25/2010,1/1/2011,67,205,,5,5>You can get big glass jugs of Santa Cruz Organic Apple Juice on sale at $6.50 for 2.84 litres, about half what you'd pay in a large supermarket! The staff are extremely friendly and helpful. Prices for most things are about what you'd expect for a specialty whole foods retailer, and yes, it's higher than major-chain groceries and supermarkets, but that seems to be true for all organic and health food stores (Community Natural Foods, Planet Organic). So don't expect Costco or Superstore prices for most things. But that organic apple juice...mmm.
<review# 1360,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2010,12/31/2010,62,58,1,8,6>If you're looking for the biggest schnitzel sandwiches that you've had in your life, you've found 'em. I had the chicken schnitzel for lunch and I couldn't even finish it. It was extremely good though. The sandwiches are made on a freshly baked bun and all of the schnitzel's (wiener, chicken or pork) have their homemade tomato sauce and either medium or hot peppers. They also serve a great beef sandwich, a "Blue Danube" (pork, ham, cheese) and a fried eggplant sandwich. At only $6.95 each (with a ton of toppings included), it's well worth it.  Here's the full menu: viennalux.ca
<review# 1361,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/16/2010,12/30/2010,52,263,1,6,5>I have been to Loungeburger just once, but I will definitely go back.FOr the amount you pay you do get a LOT of food and all made with quality ingredients.I had the chicken burger. There was definitely a LOT of chicken on this burger! The sauce was tangy and delicious. The bacon was thick and crispy. And on the side I had their skinny fries, which were fine. I mean french fries are french fries. Next time I would probably order the waffle fries. That is what my friend had and I snagged one - delicious!! My friend had the lamb burger, and I also managed to get a bite of that too. It was also VERY good.The atmosphere was a little pretentious for my liking, especially because when we were there the joint was EMPTY. The 3 hostesses at the front seemed a little unnecessary and out of place. I also didn't care for how dark it was in there. All the shades were drawn and on a beautiful sunny day I don't particularly feel like being in a dungeon. But hey. If I was rating this on food alone it would be a 5 star for sure.
<review# 1362,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2010,12/29/2010,71,173,11,5,5>This teriyaki place is tasty, and interesting. I have been going here since it opened a few years ago. As far as this teppanyaki style restaurant goes, it is pretty standard...order, food is cooked before you and its all done cafeteria style. Unlike some of these places they dont precook the chicken or beef, they always cook it to order.  The restaurant is japanese themed and usually tidy. The odd time there is a the odd uncleared table. ( Remember to clear your tray in the garbage people :)  )  And last time I was in there, I discovered to my horror AFTER using the toilet that there was NO TOILET PAPER!  It was brutal, I looked around the entire single washroom ( a single person washroom) and there was nothing... needless to say I made a hasty exit to my car and home! Thankfully this happened after I ate. This franchise location is owned by a husband and wife, she is hilarious and loud. Sometimes she brings her son in ( about 6) and he sits at a table reading etc, and is generally quiet and keeps to himself. Other times he is running around yikes!  One time I was in there and the husband and wife were clearly in a big argument, i was alone in the restaurant and they were arguing and she was MAD!  It was funny, but also uncomfortable...that said I really like going in here. They always acknowledge me, remember me and say hello! They always thank me and say goodbye. Very mom and pop, and I like that. Check it out, food is good and service is great.
<review# 1363,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2010,12/28/2010,83,367,5,9,6>I am a lazy bum and picked my yoga studio for the close walking distance from work and convenient schedule... And I am so, so glad that I lucked into yoga passage because of it.One  of the major benefits of yoga passage is the sheer amount of classes they offer at all times of day. Working late? I'll go to the 7:45 hot yoga. Getting off early? Maybe I'll check out the Hatha flow at just after 5:00. The variety in classes means there is always something new to try - I got an unlimited pass for 3 months, and I was really glad that I did. When it ran out, I lucked into some cheap drop-in passes and promptly burned through them. The big secret is really that the staff and instructors are great. They know their stuff and they want to teach - you can really tell that they are dedicated to their practice. And they don't encourage you to go past their limits, and are very careful to ensure that everyone is practising to the best of their abilities and not comparing themselves to everyone else. If you are uber competitive like me, this is a big deal - it forces you to really relax and get into your own practice, which is really what yoga is all about anyways.And ok, I am the first to admit that hot yoga can be a bitch, but you feel ten million times better when you do it regularly. I highly recommend you try this studio - they really care, and you can tell.
<review# 1364,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2010,12/27/2010,27,113,4,5,4>I'm sorry O Shima, I'd defend you dropped out of college, got in a car accident, or got in a fight, but I'm beginning to get a bit frustrated...Don't order delivery, please please please, don't. order. delivery.Despite the fact that Sushi is only 75% as good when eaten at home, we have ordered delivery a few times and disappointed every time. They always have screwed up a part of our order, and last time it took an hour and a half, despite the 40min-1hr comment. I didn't expect my yam tempura roll to be warm and crispy like it is when we order there, but having room temperature everything is a little unappetizing. Our salmon wasn't the usual nice big chunk, it was like we got the leftovers, and there was cuke or something in one piece, I couldn't even chew it. Also, it's tough to do the "order as you go" style when you dine in. If 2-3 tables come in, you'll be waiting forever. I still love O Shima, but the frustrating experiences are toning down my sushi craves.
<review# 1365,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/20/2010,12/26/2010,76,56,5,7,2>After all the hype surrounding 5 Guys, I had to try the Calgary location, even if it meant going to Deerfoot Meadows on the weekend.A few quick pointers about 5 Guys:1) All burgers are a double patty unless it's a "little burger".2) Toppings are unlimited and free.3) Fries are fried in peanut oil.4) Free refills on all pop.The place was busy with a line-up running to the door and a few open tables available when we arrived at 4pm.After shuffling to the front of the line I made my order, cheeseburger, veggie & cheese sandwich, regular Cajun fries and two pops, for $17.50.You are given your cups for your drinks and then your number for your order.Like most things new to Calgary, it's fair to say a large share of the suburban shopping crowd didn't get that your number will be called out later.Luckily, the caller was a loud, boisterous dude who had no patience for customer's ignorance."NUMBER 17!" "NUMBER ONE SEVEN!" "SEVAN-TEEEEEEEN! YOUR ORDER IS UP!!!!"It was almost worth going here alone to watch people who had held up the line for close to 5 minutes, and prevented other people from receiving their order, sheepishly walk up and take responsibility for their burgers and fries.Promptly grabbing my brown bag from the counter, when I went to get the burgers I realized they'd topped off the *entire* bag with fries. Not bad for a "regular".My burger was covered in toppings aplenty, ditto the condiments. This is not clean or subtle food, and quite frankly, you need to keep the wrapper around half of your meal to keep from wearing it.Taste-wise, it was comparable to a Whopper meets Fatburger. Or, how Peter's Drive In burgers *used* to taste.The veggie and cheese sandwich was less of a hit, because it's simply a bun with veggies and cheese in it. No veggie patty. So ... for those who don't eat beef, your options are extremely limited.The Cajun fries were coated in the dark red spices and had a nice, slow, smoky bite to them. We finished the order and thanks to the rest in the bag, had enough to take home.While I wouldn't say 5 Guys is the best burger I've ever had, it's pretty good. If you're visiting the cultural metropolis that is Deerfoot Meadows, it's much cheaper than neighbouring Fatburger, and open longer, from 11am-10pm every day.
<review# 1366,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2010,12/25/2010,310,796,2,6,6>These days whilst sauntering down the quaint little streets of Inglewood , one can't help but be inundated with all things GREEN.  Yes  it's a new and shiny theatre destination folks and its called 'The Space" !Nestled on one of the busiest streetsof Inglewood,  the "Space" is a relatively new theatre venture featuring this fall season's  funky, groovey and often times radioactive "Toxic Avenger!" This fun zany and mutantly freakish show was co-written by the keyboardists of Bon Jovi ( David Byrne).  The show promises an entertaining musical about a mutant with superhuman strengh dipped in a stellar cast with some of the most dynamic voices I have ever heard on top!Be prepared to lose your face too, as they promise that you will laugh your face off.Treat you and your friends to some after dining entertainment and head down there.  The show opens this Thursday October the 21 and tickets are rumoured to be only 7 dollars for the Thursday and Friday opening nights.  Usually they are $35 so you have no excuse not to take advantage of such a good deal.I like it here, this is what theatre is all about, set in a community in an off beaten way, in an informal and casual place , "The Space" promises you a night to remember!So what are you waiting for Calgary.. get TOXIC!
<review# 1367,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2010,12/24/2010,88,230,2,5,2>I died a little inside when I found out that there was Phil & Sebastian at Chinook. I don't have to wait until the weekend for amazing coffee?! HALLELUJAH! I have tried a few of their drinks but I always come back to the latte. It's smoky and tastes a bit like a burnt marshmallow - it's heavenly and I've never had anything close to it. Absolutely delicious.I didn't find the staff pretentious at all, and I have a low tolerance for pretentious. The two guys working there were friendly and the guy at the till took the time to answer all of our questions.The store itself is really cute and feels like a "real" coffee shop, not a mall coffee shop. The coffee ins't cheap, but is on par with Starbucks prices (I think?), and is 1000x better.Seriously, go get a latte and come back and thank me. So so so good.
<review# 1368,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2010,12/23/2010,51,42,3,5,2>Oh Open Sesame with your bad service... Just cause we have a party of 8 people and you tack on 15% gratuity, It doesn't mean you should have to be a lazy weirdo! Can you please give us some time to think about what we want instead of hovering? And then after we order we never see you again... we should have under paid you! Trust me, your service was worth about 4%.However... Your meals are such a good price and because I pick my fixin's.. you dont bugger it up!I think I also have more fun making a game of how much me and my friends can cram into our bowls without loosing any!so my ordering advice...start with: Wor won ton soup for 2 ($6.95)then: Order the make your own bowl with shanghi Noodles and save your money and just go with the veggies only for ($9.95)If you order meat... you'll be looking for it like a needle in a hay stackDesert: Its all good, but you should be stuffed so time to leave!Pros: Tofu!! and all the other choices!PriceAtomosphere.. This place is cozy and impressive.. looks expensiveCons:No same day reservationsServiceI give it a 5 on the lick your lips scale....mmmmmm!
<review# 1369,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2010,12/22/2010,67,56,11,10,10>It's just so impossibly *French* you know? The tight tables, the menu, the service - between the door and the curtain you walk through, I swear you get transported to France. I imagine some people love it here, some people hate it. I am in the category that love it. The food is always melt-in-your-mouth perfect. The wine list is good. The vibe is perfectly pitched. note: I've been told its a little uppity. I don't get the rude feeling like you do sometimes when you walk into a shoe store and the girls are snobby and you're like, "but you sell shoes for a living???" and leave in a confused haze, sans-shoes.  I think it's just...French. I say deal with it, I've never noticed and I'm quite sensitive to these things.If you're looking to impress a woman (uhh...not really a girl, but you know, one of the grown-up ones) or to say I love you, or to spend a couple of hours with dear friends, this is where you want to be.
<review# 1370,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2010,12/20/2010,1328,1117,23,64,32>It's official. I have fallen head over heels in love. Tamarind Vietnamese Grill & Noodle House is brand spankin' new to our city and mark my words: It is *the best* Vietnamese food in Calgary.Aesthetically speaking, this restaurant (which is no more than 5 tables) couldn't be more simple. No frills, no bells and no whistles. But when a place has food *this* good, it sure as heck doesn't need the distraction of fancy decor. Having graced Calgary in June 2010, Tamirand is owned and operated by the Nguyen family. Long (Father), Phung (Mother), Dessa (Daughter) and Alex (Son) did Calgary a great service when they decided to take their secret family recipes out of their kitchen and into a restaurant for all to enjoy.After having walked by a multitude of times and resisting the tantalizing scents that seep from the door, I finally gave in and had dinner here tonight.I was immediately impressed when I was told that they would happily revamp any dish on their menu into a vegetarian modification. Above and beyond that, Phung personally came over to me to inform me that even if there is a vegetarian Vietnamese dish that I would like to have that is not on their menu, as long as she can make it, she'd be happy to personally whip it up for me. Being a connoisseur of the vegetarian palate, Phung is happy to go out of her way to accommodate us vegetarians in the city. How refreshing!I ordered (which wasn't on the menu, but ask and thou shall receive...) a vegetarian vermicelli bowl. What I got was heaven in a bowl. In all my travels, I have never, and I mean *never*, had a vermicelli bowl this delicious. I inhaled it along with an avocado shake with pearls on the side (which we may as well refer to as heaven in a cup).Although Tamirand is still very new to our city, they have big plans. As demand increases, they will offer more and more vegetarian selections, gluten-free options, and maybe even a delivery service.Tamirand may seem unassuming and simple from the outside, but once inside, it wont take long for you to realize that the food is as good as it gets. The quality and freshness of the food, the expertise and genuineness of the owners, and the versatility and flexibility of the menu are all what make Tamirand an unbelievable addition to our city.Right about now you're probably asking yourself the following: "WHY haven't *I* heard of Tamirand up until now?!?!?" Well, it's because Tamirand is based on word-of-mouth advertising so you know what I say to that? It's time we got talkin'.
<review# 1371,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2010,12/19/2010,21,28,2,4,2>I will be totally honest the only reason for reviewing Campers Village is that it is the only outdoor store in Calgary that stocks Ice Breaker clothes, correct me if I'm wrong but I'm only aware of one other store in Banff that stocks their clothing?I can't recommend Ice Breaker enough as it is really good quality clothing (at a price) for anything outdoors, made from New Zealand Merino Wool it is not itchy like most wools and wicks moisture away like nothing else I've used and the biggest bonus is it doesn't smell afterwards!Just google the brand for more info, no affiliation just good outdoor gear.
<review# 1372,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2010,12/18/2010,16,11,,7,6>This is a great enviroment to grab a drink or some food with friends, coworkers, family, etc.It's a good, clean pub; never dirty or sketchy, I've never witnessed a rowdy situation or encountered someone being beligerently drunk.  The food is great, the menu has a wide variety and it is all good quality pub food. I absolutely looove nachoes, and the Coach & Horses' nachoes definetly do not disapoint.  Plus the service is great! Some of the nicest bartenders and servers in Calgary.This is hands-down my favorite place to grab a drink. I come here quite often and always have a great time!
<review# 1373,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2010,12/16/2010,89,72,,7,6>This is my favorite tea house in the city. The tea selection is excellent. They have over 100 teas, some of which are not on display. You can sit down to a pot or take it away in bulk. As far as I'm concerned the prices are very reasonable. The teas come in a variety of qualities the best of which you pay a little bit more for.I really enjoy the staff here as I often sit at the bar while enjoying free wifi on my laptop. The staff are encouraged to drink the products for free, therefore are all quite knowledgeable about the selection. The manager and assistant manager are extremely knowledgeable about where the teas come from and some of the processing behind them.This is the perfect place to be alone. This is the perfect place to be with friends. This is the perfect place for a first date.
<review# 1374,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2010,12/15/2010,6,9,4,6,5>We love sushi and often find ourselves in a sushi bar on date night enjoying new sushi creations from different restaurants. We thought we would try the sumo lounge before a movie at Eau Claire and were very pleasantly surprised when we found this treasure! The restaurant at first glance seems narrow and crowded, but once you are seated the comfy chairs and carefully selected decor take over! We ordered a sushi boat and it was ready in seriously 10 minutes. I couldn't believe it and immediately thought "oh oh", this is freezer sushi and it won't be fresh. I was seriously mistaken and this was not only fresh but some of the best sushi I have had east of the mountains!We were even further surprised when our bill arrived! We had a sushi boat, tea and another mango salmon sushi dish with a side of volcano sauce including a decent tip/GST for less than $20 per person! We will definitely be taking friends here in the near future and this is now one of our favourite sushi hangouts!
<review# 1375,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2010,12/14/2010,31,50,6,8,6>I am fan of Atomic fo sho; it's my favourite Vietnamese sub spot in Calgary.  My favourite is the veggie sub with extra cilantro, though I've had the wasabi tuna sub and the sweet chicken one as well & both were very good.  My husband loves the beef satay sub and - wait for it - the vegetarian sub!  He's no vegetarian, so this is shocking news.I often crave Atomic for lunch & am grateful to be within walking distance from work.  Yum yum, subs in my tum!
<review# 1376,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2010,12/13/2010,13,45,8,9,7>You know what I like? FREE Samples.Simple simon is no cheap mofo when it comes to this. I sampled a couple hundred dozen before buying. They were all just so deadly that I couldnt decide. I got pumpkin, coconut pecan and something else that I cannot remember for reasons unknown. Oh yes! the roofie-colada...mmm, taht explains the lack of memory.Go buy a simple simon pie frozen, heat it up when guests are coming, pretend you made it.5 Plum thumbs out of 5
<review# 1377,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2010,12/12/2010,42,74,2,11,4>Love it. I've been long over Cora's and needed somewhere new for a Saturday brunch fix. This place is super busy, but I went around 12:30 on a Saturday and was seated fairly quickly. Though, I don't recommend going at this hour as the line quickly grew after we were seated. The interior is fun! It's got a great vibe, the service is great, the food is cheap.. and most importantly the food is GREAT.
<review# 1378,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/5/2010,12/11/2010,4,31,4,5,4>The 1886 Cafe has apparently been serving Calgarians for nearly 120 years.  I love the old historical building. You will either love it too, or hate it, as it may not fit into your modern sensibilities of yuppie living as portrayed in Sex and the City...This is a breakfast joint. It opens early in the morning and closes early in the afternoon. It's great for quick, early morning business meetings, finalising deals, or resolving disputes. Don't take any lawyers to this joint though, as they would consider this too unsophisticated for their expensive tastes, and too cheap to claim as an expense, to charge back to their suckers, called Clients.The menu is limited to breakfast fare. It's authentic, home cooked, fresh and good. Just the way, my mother used to prepare breakfast for me as a kid. The choices are essentially eggs, potatoes, cheese,  and various combinations of that, with peppers, mushrooms and other vegetables.....with lots more cheese, and potatoes. They get the potatoes right all the time. And they give you LOTS of potatoes. The meals are filling and I always go for the ED's Benedict which is nothing remotely close to the authentic thing! But I go back for more, all the time. It's that good. Try it. I've never had a problem finding a table, and I've never had to wait. Although, watch those Saturday mornings, when you are sharing tables, a breath away from screaming babies and new young mothers, obviously trying to continue the 1886 traditions of wholesome breakfasts in the morning with their new litter.
<review# 1379,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2010,12/10/2010,9,6,2,8,5>I had a wonderful experience at Rush!  The food and service were excellent and I really loved the decor and overall feel of the restaurant.  Rush also gets bonus points for being proactive about food allergies and being able to accommodate my gluten-intolerant husband.  It's always nice when he can choose from almost anything on the menu instead of being restricted to one or two entrees!
<review# 1380,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/26/2010,12/9/2010,7,6,5,4,3>OK...have been there two or three times. And I have had two or three heart attacks.Just kidding. Willow Park has a very good selection, so-so prices, and a mostly teen-aged staff whose experience with liquors is necessarily limited, so I have an issue with the "knowledgeable staff" assessment in previous reviews. This point is moot since I usually know what I want and can't stand suggestions from relative teetotallers anyway. Willow Park had advertised via junk mail a fairly good deal on Newcastle Brown Ale (side review: delicious, also best website ever.) 6 bottles for like, $10.99. Arrived and was told they had made a mistake in the ad, the deal was for 4 cans, not 6 bottles. What the hell thought I, I'm only down, like 2.3 ounces and a more appealing vessel. The 2 Air Miles totally made it worth my while.Today, purchased 15 cans of Pabst Blue Ribbon (a steal at $17.49; includes the upside of iconic brand status thanks to Dennis Hopper). That plus the bottle of Black Grouse ($27.99 as posted, incl. GST and deposit) came to just over 50 bucks. But wait...you charged me 18.99...thought it was 17 something..wha, who? So the clerk (or "Clark") refunded me the $1.50 after a lengthy price check and halfhearted apology.  THEN, on the chit under "savings" it read "$1.50". Yeah, right.Normally I don't bother checking my chits at these establishments, and what the hell, right, it's only a buck-and-a -half...point is, pay attention to the posted price. That was the 4th time in a week I was overcharged for goods and services in Calgary. Conclusion: would shop here again, but only because it's been a pain in the ass to get to Olympia lately...
<review# 1381,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/12/2010,12/8/2010,9,32,,8,5>I want to give a plug for these guys.I saw a movie there tonight and it started on time, there were NO COMMERCIALS, the popcorn was good, the service was friendly and the price was right.Parking too was a snap; at street level and close by.  Better yet, it's in my corner of Calgary, in lovely Kensington.  In particular I thought the sound system was superb for the documentary movie I saw, "Waiting for Superman".  It's a good movie by the way.  If you haven't been down to Kensington lately, a movie at the Plaza would be a good excuse to see what's new in the area.
<review# 1382,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2010,12/6/2010,36,16,,7,3>Regional cuisine in a lovely spot on Prince's Island. Sunday brunch delight: Fish & Game Board, including Duck Prosciutto, Candied Trout, Salt Cured Bison, Sylvan Star Gouda, Duck Paté, Ling Cod Lox, House Pickles, Brassica Mustard, House Made Crackers (serves 2) Or, if you're having a miserable day, and the weather's a disappointment, sit inside looking out at the park, enjoying a glass of port or something new from their extensive wine list.
<review# 1383,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2010,12/4/2010,86,25,1,4,2>This is my 2nd review of Red's Diner on 4th street - as I've visited this little joint more than I've seen my parents, over the last 6 months.Just to clarify on a few of the standard tips/questions regarding parking, wheelchair accessibility, and liquor licensing.1) They don't have a FULL bar, but they serve more than beer & wine2) There is a step, and the doorway is narrow, so depending on the size & style of the wheelchair, access with assistance is possible3) There are reserved parking spots on 15th ave, attached to the lot of the Rose & Crown. On the south side of the road, right next to the sidewalk - these three spots are marked for Red's DinerI remain aligned with my first review, but after more flirting with the menu and a few cool clientele experiences I have even more great things to say about Red's.I'll just get a few food glitches out of the way first -- I think they make hollandaise from scratch, it's way too buttery & salty - the consistency is all wrong. I don't mind if you use a package from the store, I'd rather have nice sauce on my bennies. If you do get the bennies, ask for your sauce on the side.Second food issue - Poutine get's 1 star. I know Poutine. I dream of it, I crave it, and I know the good & the bad. Could've been an off day - but the dish I had was soggy fries, runny & salty gravy, and mini-lumps of mozzarella. mozzarella!!On to the good stuff!After being open for 9 months, I'm surprised there hasn't been more staff turnover.  I can't speak for BOH or Kitchen, but the same friendly girls at the front have been there since Day 1. They're not silver service, and that's fine by me. Solid serving staff, they uphold the brand well.This is great breakfast food, with an even better atmosphere.**My current go-to brekkie - buckwheat pancakes with a side of honey yogurt. 5 stars.KLM
<review# 1384,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2010,12/2/2010,8,8,,7,2>My boyfriend (J) and I spent yesterday hiking in the mountains, and as we were driving back in to Calgary we were considering going somewhere for a nice late dinner. We used his opentable app on his iPhone to find places downtown that had a 9pm opening and I read reviews on Yelp to narrow down our choices. When Escoba came up, both with a 9pm sitting, and positive Yelp reviews, I knew we had a potential match. I had been to Escoba several years ago (in its old location) for lunch and rememberd being impressed. I recommended it to J and read some items off the menu and he was sold.We arrived about 20 minutes early for our reservation, but the hostess was very accomodating and had a table cleared to seat us early. The restaurant was still very full considering the time, a good sign of a happening place.Our server was very attentive (but not in your face) for the whole dinner, he is definitely experienced at what he does.For appetizers we had the Stuffed Mushrooms and Prawn Skewers. Both were full of flavour and well presented. J was head over heals for the Prawn Skewers... the sweetness of the prawns and the salty of the calabrese balanced really well.For our mains, J got the Seafood Bake and I got the Duo of Lamb and Bison. I went with the recommended  Rioja pairing for my meal, but J, not being a fan of whites, opted for a Malbec rather than a sauvignon blanc. My main was delicious. The braised bison short rib was fork tender and full of flavour. The lamb was perfectly seasoned and grilled and beautifully rare. Even the compliments, roasted vegetables and potatos were delicious. Thought definitely went in to every component of this meal. I sampled J's Seafood Bake and it was also full of flavour. I thought it may have been a little overcooked, the scallops were slightly chewey and the tuna was not as moist as I would expect, but overall it was still delicious. The portions were also larger than I was expecting.For dessert we had the truffles and port for two. I was a little dissapointed with the truffles, they were reminicent of cheap truffles you buy in a box from zellers. I was expecting something more Callebaut calliber.Overall it was a great meal to remember, I felt like we received good value, and I will definitely be back.
<review# 1385,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2010,12/1/2010,5,5,,12,8>I often visit this great restaurant where we generally get great service and delicious food.  We have guests from out of town that have this as a mandatory dinner spot whenever they come to visit.  As a vegetarian, they have a lot of great options but my favorites are the Dahl Makhani and the Vegetable Jalfrezi.  The naan is always fresh and the chai is spicy and inviting.
<review# 1386,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2010,11/30/2010,5,52,5,8,4>It had been a few years since my previous visits to Towa, but I'm glad I gave it another chance.I remember when Towa was the hip new sushi place in Calgary. It served huge slabs of fish, exotic (at that time) rolls, unique duck and calamari salads, and even had a delicious special of oysters broiled with cheese. It was packed night-after-night and lineups were consistently out the door.These days the Towa experience is a bit more sedate. It still gets busy once in a while, but the crowds aren't what they used to be. Bigger, crazier rolls are now commonplace with Globefish and others.On my most recent visit, I was surprised to see the exact same menu and decor as in years past. And I'm happy to report that the food is still good. Maybe not as distinctive, but still good. Service is nondescript and prices are average.Not much else to say. Come for a quality meal, not for fireworks.
<review# 1387,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2010,11/29/2010,11,32,1,7,7>Urban parks are tough. They are expensive to maintain, hard to police and it can be difficult to inspire urban dwellers to actually use them. We've all driven by green spaces that never have anyone anywhere near them. Not even displaced (i.e. homeless) people. But Riley Park is different - it's flourishing! It's a huge green space sandwiched between SAIT and Kensington. It is home to one of Calgary's more popular cricket fields - it's nice to sit there in the shade watching a game where you have no idea what's going on. There are lots of big trees that provide plenty of shade and quite developed gardens - different colours, heights, textures and fragrances. More exciting stuff it offers? It has a kiddie pool, refreshing. But it has lots of live music too - there is a small covered stage that had a live music group that plays. Farther along, closer to the cricket field, there is a group of guys who DJ, playing relaxing, unobtrusive house music and messing around with a hackey sack. What else is kind of nice? That there's a Shell station half a block away with all the refreshments and bug spray you could want, as well as trendy Kensington, with more beer pit stops than a person could know what to do with. There is lots of parking, being right beside the Hillhurst Community Centre and just north of the park, at the base of the hill in behind it. Perfect for Sunday reading, boccie or sunbathing.
<review# 1388,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2010,11/28/2010,14,307,9,13,10>Smoker's Corner has to be the cleanest and brightest pipe and bong shop I've ever set foot in. If that devil wasn't on the window giving instruction, you might even think there was nothing controversial about this establishment....It's like the owner has thrown out the old stereotyped notions of a seedy, dark little cave as the only place to purchase pot-related paraphernalia and replaced it with this clean, illuminated, mirrored shoppe. They could be selling candy or hats or baseball cards with the set-up they have there. Instead, behind the glass showcases is a giant selection of custom made bongs and pipes that range from $10 to $700. But even the mid-size ones are cheaper than other places and they tell me they can probably fill any custom designs people might want to order.In one of the glass cases are zippo lighters selling for $15 (good price) and in another is the largest assortment of rolling papers I've ever seen. (Things have changed since the old days, I guess, now they have papers that taste like fruit instead of glue....). In another case they have scales masquerading as cell phones and calculators and on top of those sits a stand with shiny bags of some naturally mild (and legal) herbs that will do everything from relax you to make you very tense.....Anyway, I was in there for a few minutes and the place was hopping, so they must be doing something right. A lot of females were checking out the body jewelry which ranged from plugs to steel ornaments selling for $10 each or two for $15.Smoker's Corner also has a large selection of hookah items for reasonable prices and the flavoured tobacco to go with it. The staff were also helpful and friendly with answering questions. Overall, this place is a cool little shop right in Kensington that's worth checking out. For fun, as they say....
<review# 1389,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2010,11/27/2010,91,31,,7,5>Hands down the best sushi place I've ever been to....a few years ago I had sushi in San Fran, Seattle and Vancouver...and the Sushi Club was better than all of them.Their sunkissed roll is delicious, their 2 chefs are so rad and it's the best place to go by far.And I've been to a lot of places in Calgary. Sumo (Eau Claire and Sunridge), Kinjo, Willow Park, GlobeFish (Marda Loop and Kensington), Hana, Towa, Sushi Boat, Sushi King, and 5 or 6 others.
<review# 1390,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2010,11/26/2010,14,2,1,7,6>I've gone to The Palomino every weekend for as long as I can remember, with some nights that I don't remember, and I've had nothing but great experiences there. The staff is incredibly friendly and they know their regulars on a first name basis.   The bar and washroom stalls are covered in artifacts and writings from the outgoing staff and customers, making every time you go there a new game of "I spy"Something else you don't want to miss out on at The Palomino is their delicious food, which may seem a little pricey, but the portions are HUGE!   Being one of the best smokehouses in Calgary, the bar always smells of succulent slow cooked meat. The pulled pork sandwiches and racks of ribs are second to none. Friday nights there's almost always free entertainment upstairs by local and touring bands from 6-10, and there's always a show downstairs from 10 till the early morning! Located right on the C-train across from the center street station and next to the first street NE station, I would recommend The Palomino to anyone looking for a great time and good food!
<review# 1391,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2010,11/24/2010,15,13,3,8,6>This is one of my favorite places to eat in the whole city. This is fast food Indian Cuisine and it is done quite impressively. They also have one of the only (if not the only ??) Roti Machine in Calgary.I live in the SW quadrant of the city, and they are located in the NE. I go out of my way to eat here. The service is quick & friendly, the food is absolutely delicious. Having a different Buffet style menu each day of the week, with certain staple items every day (like butter chicken). The look of the place is pretty simple. There are tables and chairs, but the feel of the restaurant is mostly take away.They also deliver!I'm trying to make this informative for you all, but all I can think while writing this is "nomnomnom".
<review# 1392,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2010,11/23/2010,15,66,,6,6>Small Update - For those of you who are addicted to San Marzano tomatoes, the Italissma tomatoes are back on the shelves. Those who were disatisfied with the EMMA product can fret no longer; the Italissma delivers that coveted San Marzano flavour in bucket loads (wonderfully sweet with low acidity). I tasted them last night and they are right on the money. Please note that the EMMA tomato problem was NOT LINA'S or MARINO'S FAULT.They have a newer and better Portuguese olive oil that is more stellar than the previous one I reviewed, it is $19.95 for 750ml. This again will definitely please those who like stronger flavoured nutty olive oils. I still do not know what the varietal of olive is but it is much stronger than nocarella or frantoia. It delivers the taste of a premium olive oil.A recent addition to their shelves is the Mini Italia 12 year Balsamic Vinegar. It is not cheap being $29.95 for 250ml, but it is wonderfully bittersweet with a viscosity approaching an old Oloroso sherry. Try it on strawberries, slivers of aged parmesan cheese (Lina's has the best price in the city for parmesan), or in a very ripe tomato and bocconcini salad (maybe a tad extravagant). Heck, it is so wonderful one could drink it right out of the bottle. Be forewarned, in the future the six buck supermarket crap will just taste like that, crap. Your balsamic vinegar budget will have permanently quadrupled overnight. If you are billionaire, Lina has balsamico that will blow you away at about $200.00 for 50ml. Try the truffle pate which is right next to it. If you have to ask how much it costs, you cannot afford it.Lina's is now using Fratello Godfather Blend Espresso (catchy name for an Italian coffee bar). Fratello is internationally recognized as one the best roasters and sourcers of coffee beans in the world. What is even better is that they are local. Fratello is my personal favourite for coffee (alongside Phil and Sebastian and 49th Parallel) and after lunch, where Lina provides the best and least expensive Italian lunch in the city, rejuvenate yourself before heading back to work with one of their excellent coffee concoctions.Unfortunately, Yelp does not have a provision for six stars.
<review# 1393,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2010,11/22/2010,2,11,,5,5>This is a great place to stop for an affordable and delicious lunch...I had the Chicken Shish, a very yummy chicken kabob loaded with all the fixings wrapped up neatly in a warm pita. The service is friendly and I admired the little lady behind the counter when she would see a regular and remember their name...now that is something you don't see everyday! The Tabouli Salad is so tasty and a perfect side if you are sharing a Shawarma with a pal. They also cater, so for those having a lunch meeting, this will be a big hit! Note* Have some breath mints or gum on hand to counteract the garlic!  I will continue to be a random drop in customer at Tazza, maybe one day they will ask me my name:)
<review# 1394,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2010,11/21/2010,35,25,,7,5>Hands down in the top 3 coffee shops in Calgary.Great to spend some time at too, I too am writing this review while enjoying a tasty latte.I always here people ordering their drinks 'skinny'. First of all this isn't starbucks - it's called non-fat. Second of all you just killed the good taste of your drink so just get espresso ;)Seriously you need to come here if you like great coffee and people with a passion for it.
<review# 1395,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2010,11/20/2010,2,4,2,6,6>I've been wanting to check out this 17th Ave neighbourhood locale and finally had a chance to with a few friends. The patio had a very relaxed vibe literally, we went for drinks, but ended up staying for dinner. The atmosphere along with one of the owners created an environment where you would want to make this a part of your regular scene to catch up with friends. A few of our party sampled the "Shaft," and swore by it's "pick me up" properties after a long work week.P.S. Loved the Calamari!
<review# 1396,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2010,11/19/2010,162,32,2,6,4>I'm a bacon fanattic and have found a home at The District.  Favorite menu option is "Bucket of Bacon".  A generous portion of bacon is delivered in a bucket together with a side of syrup.  yum.Another menu option that is popular is the Poutine.  It is served with delicious cheese curds and the gravy is tastely.No printed menus, all food options for the day are written on chalk boards.  They pride themselves on many organic options.Combination of booths and high tables, they can usually accomodate a group of any size.  Live music on Thursday nites is always good.Staff is limited, so service can be slow.  And be guarenteed that you will wait for your bill.  (ask for it early & you won't be frustrated).  It is also loud...  expect it to be - and you will be okay.I really enjoy this place.  Remember, order the Bacon - you will love it!Note:  see previous review about Midnight Stampede Breakfast.  I have attended both they have hosted - and they were both INCREDIBLE!!
<review# 1397,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2010,11/18/2010,12,22,,4,5>I've been to this place several times and the last meal I had there was much better than I remember it to be.We were a group of 6 adults and 2 kids.  This is not really a restaurant to bring your little ones in the evening.  The ambient is fairly quiet so if you're not comfortable with your kids being loud (if they are loud) then it's not the place for you.This last meal we ordered:= Massaman Curry= Green Curry= Pad Thai= Black Pepper Sauce Prawns= Bok Choy and Prawns in a Coconut Sauce= Deep fried fish fillets with sweet and spicy sauceThe Pad Thai was really good.  Slightly different from most of the Pad Thais I have tried before with a slight hint of spice.  I am not usually a curry person but really enjoyed the Green Curry with beef.  All other dishes were really tasty as well.One item on the menu that I have not seen anywhere else before is Thai Iced Tea with Cognac.  I could smell the Cognac but the flavour of the alcohol blended very well with the Iced Tea, so much so I couldn't really taste the Cognac.  Worth a try!Since I was pleasantly surprised with the better quality food, I will probably head back there in the near future.
<review# 1398,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2010,11/17/2010,95,304,,3,4>I've been to Spur many times for after work beer. The food is amazing and the deal on oysters ($0.25), beer (kokanee/okanagan $4.00) during happy hour (4-7pm) goes Monday-Friday and it's a great deal. I've also went for a few work lunches as well. The waitresses/waiters during lunch have always been exceptional, as well as the bartenders. They do have a reputation for slow service when you're just there for beers though I find.One time we went and we weren't seen for 45 minutes, though we started getting drinks from the bar after 15 minutes, it was a little inconvenient as some of us wanted to order  food as well. The food is great though, a little pricey but fairly innovative. It's good quality though the menu is a little short, I recommend the cheese sandwich, it was super flavorful. The temperature is fairly cold too so I'd recommend bringing a jacket or scarf of some sort. It's an exceptional place to have a business lunch, but for an after work  beer I wouldn't wait too long before you go to the bar for a drink because it can be a while, even if it's not that busy.
<review# 1399,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2010,11/16/2010,1,6,1,5,6>Some of the best quality sushi I've had -- locally and non-locally.While there's not much room inside for dine-in (they have one small group-table and several seats up at the sushi bar) their primary business is catering and take-out. This doesn't mean that dining-in is a bad experience; their customer service is excellent and they're extremely friendly.Their hours have expanded, too. I believe they're open until 8 pm most weeknights now.
<review# 1400,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2010,11/15/2010,62,31,1,5,4>Like other reviewers, I agree that this is a swell place to exercise your legs and get out of the house on a weekend.  My gal and I do most of our shopping here, but we try to stick to the stalls represented by the producers directly, rather than importers.  Spragg's bacon is the best (and a fair price too!), Hoven Farms is a very friendly destination for all things Beef, and Jammin' It has homemade horseradish and mustard that I would stab someone to get to.
<review# 1401,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2010,11/14/2010,86,132,,8,2>My husband took me to NOtaBLE tonight for a very belated birthday dinner (my b'day is in December). We didn't have reservations so we went around 8pm to see if we could get in. We got two seats at the bar directly in front of the rotisserie with a perfect view of the kitchen. I definitely think these are the best seats in the house (though it does get a bit warm).We started out with the grilled flatbread with olive tapenade. I had a glass of red sangria and my husband had a bourbon with coke. The flatbread was great. The sangria was....meh. No fruit other than an orange slice on the rim and not sweet at all. Not bad per se but not what I was expecting.For our mains we shared the mussels and frites and the halibut with panang curry sauce. Both were excellent. The panang curry sauce was so good. The halibut was cooked perfectly and served with fingerling potatoes, golden beats and spinach. The mussels were served in a creamy sauce with bits of tomato, onion and chorizo. I think the weakest link of the mains was the frites. They are precooked & heated when ordered (or at least I think they are.....I saw a big plastic bin full of partially cooked fries). They are still good but not stellar.We finished the night with the stilton cheesecake which was divine. I insisted we get it though I think my husband wanted something else. He changed his mind quickly and tried to move the cheesecake to the other side of him so I couldn't reach it!The service was quite good tonight. Our waitress had not tasted some of the dishes so my questions of "should I have this or this" were useless. The kitchen seemed to have everything under control though Michael Noble was doing quite a bit of cooking. We were our of the restaurant by 9:45 and we had lots of time to just sit and watch the kitchen. We didn't feel too rushed or like we were waiting.Overall an excellent experience and we will definitely be back.
<review# 1402,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2010,11/13/2010,46,29,3,9,4>I've been getting my hair cut with salon owner Abdel for over a year now. I always knew he did a good job.  But recently I went for a drastically different colour and cut (somewhat nervously), and was amazed at how he turned my inspiration photos into reality! For a girl with curly hair, it is hard to put all your trust in a stylist, as we have all had disaster cuts. Now, and going forward, Abdel has got my trust, and my hair will be in his hands.
<review# 1403,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2010,11/12/2010,45,109,1,3,3>My favorite shawarma in the city.  Every wrap is huge and loaded with a handsome portion of meat (or falafel, if you're going vegetarian) and veggies.  Oh and the veggies... Most shops don't have a great selection of toppings to choose from, but Cedar's has a "subway-like" table full of stuff to pick.The falafel and shawarma wraps are already big enough, but if you have a bigger stomach their platters are just amazing.  Its the same as a wrap, but on a plate with rice and pita thrown in.Its quite busy during the lunch rush, but you usually don't wait too long.  Prices are typical for what usually sells around Calgary.  So considering these wraps are huge, you get a great value.
<review# 1404,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2010,11/11/2010,2,4,5,7,6>I've been eating here about 3 times a week for the last 3-4 months.I might be a bit biased here because I am a Romanian, and this a Romanian deli, but this place is fantastic ! Beats any food restaurant on 10 mile radius ! Food is good-good-good. Always fresh, large portions, all kinds of meals every day. Vegetable soup, bean, tripe, chicken, dumplings soup, then sirloin stakes, beef, pork, chicken roast,  cabage rolls with mashed potatoes, stuffed mushrooms, rice, salads as sides and some other things that I don't know the names for in English., sorry, but yummy non the less; sandwiches too. of course there are lots of other things there too - they have a website. Go there with all the confidence !
<review# 1405,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2010,11/10/2010,25,170,3,7,3>Sapna and Bernard pretty much said it all.  There is really no reason for anyone -- from professionals to those buying their first point and shoot -- to go anywhere else for anything related to photography.The only exception would be if they didn't carry something and it was available somewhere else (for me, that was gaffers tape, which I bought at Vistek, and a 70-200 lens, which I had to buy from *shudder* Saneal, which has the world's worst return policy -- as in, they don't).When they do carry something, you can be almost certain it is the cheapest in the city.  Except maybe Costco, but they only carry about a dozen cameras at a time and their return policy on electronics is no longer great like it used to be.They have cameras, memory cards, film (the only place in Calgary with Polaroid), lighting (not much though -- buy that online if you can), books, tripods, stands, camera bags, good glass (lenses), photography-related software, light modifiers (grids, reflectors, etc.), flash triggers (i.e. PocketWizards), filters, backdrops, and all sorts of accessories.  They rent camera equipment.  They also sell video and film processing equipment (enlargers, etc.).  Not to mention a bunch of other video and audio-related stuff.If it's photography-related, always make sure AT LEAST to look here first before buying anywhere else.
<review# 1406,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2010,11/9/2010,8,266,,4,3>I went to Spolumbo's today for lunch, and man oh man, I've gotta say, they serve up a mean sausage. I got there at noon after circling the block a few times to find parking, as their small lot behind is perpetually packed. When I got inside, I knew why parking was at such a premium - the place was slammed, which is always a good sign. While waiting in line, I had plenty of time to sneak peaks at everyone else's meals, which only served to whet my appetite. I opted for the Spicy Italian Sausage, which comes on a crusty bun with fresh tomato sauce. It was awesome. The sausage was the right combination of spices and lean meat, and the baguette was super fresh. A definite winner in my books.  Strangely, the side dish with every sandwich is a handful of dill pickle slices.  I'm a true Bick's fan, so I was pleasantly surprised at how good they were, and I ate every one.Funny enough, the place cleared out before I even finished eating, so perhaps head here around 12:15 if you want a parking spot.
<review# 1407,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/1/2010,11/8/2010,190,342,6,5,6>A hole-in-the-wall, or as we call it "PhO" in the wall ... yes, I realize it's pronounced 'PhaAa" but in this case, make an exception!  =DUp the set of stairs and into the Wooden looking shack, there is a theme of even more wood from decades ago, resembling a little shack in saigon?? - haha I wouldn't go that far, but you get the point.  All this doesn't matter cuz all we really care about is the food.Ordering system is on a sheet (like a sushi list) which makes it casual and quick.  They offer the usual Vietnamese fare, so give it a go! Soup or dry noodles, whatever you feel like.....Make sure you order the fried spring rolls, I love them here, it looks and taste different from other places. I suspect they use the rice paper and not the spring roll paper to wrap it.... whatever works!p.s. they have 'kid' size portions here too.
<review# 1408,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/31/2010,11/7/2010,130,261,,5,5>I do not necessarily visit Oolong Tea House just for the tea. The quality of the tea is definitely surpassed by other shops in the area, and their loose leaf offerings, while a large selection, can be found in other teashops as well. However, Oolong has a good little thing goin' down as far as atmosphere. I love sitting out on the patio, the little white Christmas lights wrapping around the patio roof, surrounded by silhouettes of trees. Inside is a little crowded, but it's a cozy place for a game of scrabble, or to watch a little acoustic show.
<review# 1409,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/31/2010,11/6/2010,11,8,,6,5>We stopped into Shelf Life Books today and were absolutely delighted by the clean, quite, distraction free independent bookstore.The selection is limited but this should not be seen as a disadvantage. The crap that bloats most stores is no where to be seen. A lot of thought is being put into what goes on the shelves and I appreciate this. Each section was chockfull of interesting books.Highlights include a wall dedicated to local authors, a thoughtful selection of alt/independent graphic novels, comfortable chairs scattered around for browsing and very friendly staff.
<review# 1410,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2010,11/5/2010,39,84,2,4,2>Such a relief to find this place!  It's not quite as good as Chipotle, but for the range of Mexican available in Calgary, it's outstanding.  It's fresh and tasty.  Not too expensive and so it's a nice lunch & well worth the drive.  I have to say, though, that the salsa & hot sauce selection was kind of gringo-style.  Not like chipotle is THAT authentic, but hey.  I'm allowed a gripe or two.
<review# 1411,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2008,11/4/2010,52,73,2,10,8>Located in Chinook Centre right outside of Sears, this  toy store trumps Toys 'r' Us any day!They carry Playmobil sets, Thomas the Train sets, and other collectibles that Toys 'r' Us just doesn't seem to get into. These toys are high quality and good quality.There's a whole wall dedicated to board games and games of all types, there's baby & toddler toys, girls' dolls and lots of knick knack toys. The last time I was in, they had mini-Smurfs, which sort of shows you the eclectic variety of toys that they carry.Many of the products they carry have won toy awards, so if you're not sure what to get the kid you'r ebuying for, look for an item that has a toy award sticker on it.
<review# 1412,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2010,11/3/2010,27,25,3,12,8>I just relocated to Calgary and have been treated to many of the city's restaurants by my new colleagues. So far, this one is my favorite spot. It's in kind of an odd location off MacLeod Trail, a little south of downtown. But right when you walk up to and through the door, you can tell there's something different, and unique, about this place. It feels like a late 60s Asian-inspired lounge. The lighting and decor are stellar.We had a group of five so we ordered quite a few appetizers for the table. We got the mussels, vegetarian empanadas, seared scallops, roast duck pot stickers. and the lobster tempura. They were all fantastic. The flavor combinations and presentation were some of the best I've had anywhere. The pot stickers and scallops were probably my favorites.For my entree, I had the beef short rib. It literally fell off the bone. Our server, who was tremendously polite and helpful, went out of her way to discuss how each dish is prepared and also told us a lot about the techniques the chef uses to make his dishes all his own.The wine and cocktails list is also excellent. Again, our server was very helpful in finding a good wine pairing.Not only is this my favorite restaurant in Calgary (so far), it's one of my favorite restaurants period. I cannot wait to go back. Very highly recommended.
<review# 1413,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2010,11/2/2010,22,47,4,7,7>I've been to the Avenue Diner tons, but yesterdays lunch was incredible!  I had the Fresh Tomato & Balsamic Eggs Benedict and a nice bubbly mimosa -- it was mindblowing.  The balsamic with the hollandaise creates an epic taste in your mouth and the eggs are incredibly fresh.  Not to mention, the staff at the Avenue is ever so lovely.  I love the atmosphere in that restaurant, always so clean and crisp and full of happy people munching on amazing breakfast foods. A+
<review# 1414,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2008,11/1/2010,11,63,6,11,10>Located in trendy Marta Loop with great ambiance and antique booths the Belmont is one of the best places for breakfast in town. Lineups can often go out the door or even around the corner but you tend to get in relatively quickly (especially if you are alone as there always seems to be an odd seat left at the counter). Compared with the other trendy diners in town the Belmont actually seems to keep the same staff for more then a few weeks so be prepared for great service. If you're a regular customer they might even know what you're going to order and make suggestions. Alone, you can watch your food being prepared behind the counter or just sit back with the newspaper and wait the few minutes it takes to get your meal. I suggest trying the Calgary sandwich and the vegetarian eggs benny. Good eating!
<review# 1415,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2010,10/31/2010,28,9,3,6,6>This is a great little spot in the heart of uptown Calgary. The food is a collection of unique panini's, burgers and salads that range from hearty meat blends or light veggie delights. The staff are fabulous and are always chatting patrons up while they wait for their breakfast or lunch. Be sure to get there in good time or after the lunch rush in order to get a seat cuase it's not just the food that's a hot commodity at the Holy Grill.EAVB_YJACJTPAUA
<review# 1416,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2010,10/30/2010,47,97,5,9,7>Food: 4/5Atmosphere: 5/5Service: 4/5Overall experience: 4/5(1- Terrible; 3- decent; 5- Fantastic)YUMMMMM! I absolutely love this place for great, fresh, Mexican food! I stumbled upon this place when i noticed this opened up in Country Hills. I decided to go check it out because I have never heard of it before. It was one of the the best experience I had at a fast food place. What I especially love is how everything is fresh and fairly healthy (if you choose the right ingredients); it's like a Mexican version of Subway. When my bf and I first came here, we were kind of overwhelmed by the choices and the owner was there to gladly explain how it worked which was super nice of him.Their menu consists of burritos, quesadillas, tacos, salad bowls, and nachos. My bf got one of their burritos which comes in 10', 12' or XL. I have no clue how anyone could finish a XL because a 12' is HUGE and enough to fill your stomach up. I always have troubles holding it and trying to fit all the fixings into one bite. You have a choice between flour or whole wheat tortilla; what kind of meat you want (beef, chicken, pork, sirloin steak, chorizo sausage, fish, or vegetables); and a bunch of other fixings like corn, beans, rice, vegetables, cheese, etc.. It's definitely fresh because I saw them saute vegetables in the back. The burrito also comes with fresh salsa (mild, hot, green tomatos, or sweet corn and black beans). I absolutely love their salsas and you can definitely taste the freshness in it. I also find it nice how they supply you with a variety of hot sauces if you still don't find your food flavourful which is not possible; there is an amazing burst of flavour in their food. It is a tad pricey, you're looking at around $7-$9 for a burrito but it's well worth it for the taste and quality! The quesadillas are equally as good, and I also tried their nachos which is so BADDDDD but so GOOOD! haha or it so GOOD it's BAD. At first, it seems like they rip you off by giving you a handful and a half of chips, but then they top it with a big pile of your choice in meat and slather it in cheese sauce which is then heated in the oven so it's ooey and gooey. You can also add salsa and cream cheese.Among the great food is friendly staff. The last two times I came here, the owner was in the restaurant and was super friendly to every one of his customers. He said "hello", asked if it was your first time here, and helped clean up when you were finished. I like this location because there is a patio, a drive through and you can also sit down inside a beautifully clean and well decorated restaurant. You also get a great glimpse of their kitchen with an actual grill, stove top and oven which fast food restaurants often lack *ahem* McDOverall, Mucho Burrito is a great place for 'fast' food; nothing like taco bell and taco time. It's a little pricey, but it's well worth the money especially the burritos. I haven't been to the other locations, but this location has the friendliest staff I've ever met, and most of them happen to be Mexican like the young owner.
<review# 1417,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2010,10/29/2010,6,5,6,4,5>This is my favourite falafel place in Calgary. Staff is super friendly, prices are fair, service is usually pretty fast and they're open late on weekends. Their tabouleh (salad made with tomatoes, onion, lots of parsley and olive oil) and deserts (especially the baklava) are also worth checking out.
<review# 1418,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2010,10/28/2010,22,9,11,7,8>For good or bad, I'm frightfully addicted.Strange as it may seem, NOBODY had mentioned the S-T-A-F-F.Let's start with Waltemar.He is everybody's CRAZY GrandDad.He is a man on a mission with Skewers packed full of meat.You WILL Protest, that ' you've had way to much'.He just says to me.."You're a BIG BOY!"Yah, right, I'm 5'4 and round as a barrel.Charity,  is a wonderfully weird blonde Maritimer....Treats everybody like a cousin. She's adorable.Fatima. Classy, Sweet....Oh Yah, the food?I've been to Bolero 3 times. It's wonderful but a bit more upscale.Gaucho will feed you SILLY for far less than you can imagine.STAY AWAY FROM THE SALAD BAR.... because the rest is just far too good. The Salad Bar is terrific, but the meat?Just pick a little at the Bar, you definitely CAN go back but Waltemar.... Waltemar will push you to the limit. He's not alone, there's a few others with wings, sausages, pork, beef....This is Heaven for Carnivores.I always take close friends and we always walk out HURTING.You can not walk out without HURTING.In Bolero, you get a Green Card/Red Card.Green means bring it on, Red means STOP or give me a break.Gaucho has 1 pedal and no cards.GAS.The Brake Pedal never kicks in till you 'scream' thanks but STOP.I Love Love Love these people.There is the oddest, lovliest chemistry with the staff.It all feels like Family. It all feels just right.I took my stepdad. He's tough to please. VERY.Two days later he's on the phone asking me out for lunch.Uh-HuhJohn Sharpe
<review# 1419,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2010,10/27/2010,9,16,6,5,5>If you looking for a great family atmosphere with all of the amenities of a pool hall and bar, this is the place to reserve for your gathering! The owner herself sometimes waits on her guests and trust me, her smile will make you feel at home!Love their Wednesday jams and love their ethnic Saturdays.Nothing fancy there, but the food is AMAZING, and you feel very welcomed!
<review# 1420,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/1/2010,10/26/2010,429,445,3,7,8>Stopped at this little Chilean restaurant in Crossroads' food court while shopping today. Some dude completing his order told me, "try their food, it's really good." Sold. We asked about the soup they had on display, and the lady behind the counter told us that they only had soup whenever her Mom felt like making soup; but she should be making the soup all season. I ordered the humitas, a corn and basil stuffed tamale, since the sign said they took 48 hours to prepare and slow cooked food usually means it's good food :) I also got it with their homemade salsa. The humitas were amazeballs, very rich tasting, slightly sweet and full of corn-y deliciousness. Eat it with their salsa, or you might get overwhelmed! I'm lamenting that I didn't get a bigger container of salsa right now, because it's so hard to find decent salsa in Calgary. A lot of the mexican restaurants tend to use canned stuff or *horror of horrors* Old El Paso, but not this place.  Next time I go, I'll try their empanadas since that's supposed to be their specialty, but the good salsa is already an indicator that this place is one to recommend :)
<review# 1421,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2010,10/25/2010,61,22,3,8,10>I'm often in Bridgeland on business or biking through so I've been introduced to Main Dish by a few friends.Food's great, freshly made and there's usually plenty of seating. While most lunch choices are great, I've had their Italian Benny for breakfast a few times and it rivals the best i've had anywhere. Highly recommended.On another note, I've had really great service as well. A number of times, the cook himself would come out with a hot plate and deliver it to our table. I had the chance to meet the owner and he's really passionate about this business and the idea of fresh food.*PARKING TIP* - If you drive around back and towards the Bridgeland C Train station, that street has free parking for 2 hours. Also, if you drive across 1st ave into the residential area you can find free parking as well.
<review# 1422,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2010,10/24/2010,13,31,5,4,6>Marv's Classic Soda Shop is a wonderful little piece of heaven.  And not something you know about unless you happen upon it or someone tells you about it!  On the surface they sell ice cream, sweets, home made burgers & fries, but you don't have to stand in the shop too long before you realize that they offer memories of a simpler time gone by.Great places to take kids, seniors, anyone for that matter!  I love it here!
<review# 1423,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/19/2010,10/23/2010,30,181,6,5,4>I wasn't expecting much when I first went to Local 510, but now over a year later, I have to admit I love this place.The patio is pretty big, with a great style and comfy seats. It is great to just chill on in the summer and gradually get drunk without knowing it. In the colder months the inside is a nice bar with a lot of wood and a welcoming atmosphere.The food, I am happy to say, is top notch. Great burgers, awesome appetizers. You can't go wrong. They also have a great tap selection and all sorts of happy hour deals. I say go here.
<review# 1424,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2010,10/22/2010,19,31,3,6,4>Focus is on original live indy music. BB does a good job supporting and developing bands. Cover charge goes to the band.  Just no country and no death metal, but all good music between. check their website or ffwd for whos playing.
<review# 1425,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2010,10/21/2010,3,12,,7,5>Been here a few times, couple private parties and few times with friends. This place has a consistency of always being great! From the servers to the atmosphere to the good. You get some really good traditional Indian food but with a twist. The location is great for summer nights to sit and people watch. It's a little more pricey compared to Indian food in the NE but keep in mind your in downtown its a little more upscale then Falconridge.
<review# 1426,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2010,10/20/2010,0,3,,7,6>Watchman's is great for Nacho's and Balloon's of beer. It feel's like a local neighbourhood pub but right on 17th. Every time i have gone its been the right atmospher for great convorsation and a great time. Some waitresses dont seem like the happiest campers but the bartenders seem decent and all the food is top notch. a new favorite for sure.
<review# 1427,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2010,10/19/2010,0,2,1,10,6>I've been a pizza fan all my life.  In fact when I was younger I ran one of the highest volume Domino's Pizza stores in Canada.  Part of my job was to purchase and evaluate all of the pizzas in my community.  I guess this would qualify me as a well rounded pizza expert.  Having said that, in my opinion there are four things that seperate pizza places from each other:  crust, sauce, cheese, and toppings (or lack thereof).   Inglewood Pizza's crust is just right - a yeast leavened dough proofed correctly, and not too thick, but not so thin as to leave the slice droop when you hold it.  The sauce is amazing!  It's made in-house and is perfectly tangy - not the watered down ketchup that other pizza places call sauce!I love the cheese and balance of toppings too.   Unlike many fast food chains, or pizzas you buy in the grocery store where cheese to them is more of a "concept" than a reality, every pizza I've purchased from Inglewood Pizza has had just the right amount - not too much that it smothers the toppings, but not so little that you can see gaps of sauce.  Kudos to them for also balancing the fat content in the cheese, so it's stringy, but not to the point of being gooey.Every time I've ordered, I've walked in and watched my pie being made.  The toppings are all fresh, and generously placed on the pizza.I know there are people out there who like real eclectic pizzas.  I like creative food too.  However to me, pizza is one of those comfort foods that should never be messed with.  Inglewood Pizza does it perfectly.
<review# 1428,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2010,10/18/2010,5,10,,7,5>Best fast non-fast food in the city!  The service is amazing and Bev really does remember everyone's name and their favorites.  I always get #27 (shredded pork and spring rolls on vermicelli) - yum!
<review# 1429,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/8/2010,10/17/2010,6,15,3,6,6>The frozen pizza dough is incredible. (I would definitely give them a 5 if they had wholewheat). Unfortunately Francesco is a white crust purist.Try the meats, cheeses and Mario's gelato.
<review# 1430,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2010,10/16/2010,88,230,1,7,8>Yum, yum, yum! Ever since I moved to Calgary, I've been on the search for a tasty, inexpensive sushi place, and I think I've found it. I was spoiled that in Vancouver delicious sushi could be found for pennies, and I thought I'd have to settle for mediocrity from now on, but I was wrong!My friend and I went on a slow Wednesday evening, so the restaurant was pretty empty. Our hostess lead us to a booth near the sushi bar and brought us water. (The drinks here seem a bit steep...)My friend ordered lemon chicken, which came first. It was lemony and sticky and delicious! She was pleased that she found something she enjoyed, because she hates sushi but was going here as a favour to me.I ordered some standard rolls - a California roll, kappa maki, and a tuna roll. All were up to my standards (which are probably not that high, as much as I like to think so, haha) and I enjoyed all of them! They tasted fresh and came pretty quickly.Next time I go (and there will definitely be a next time!), I will be adventurous enough to try the sashimi...I was a bit apprehensive this time as I've had sashimi a few times here and hated it, but now that I am a Tokyo Garden fan I'll have to try it again!Also worth noting that they do take out....definitely going to do this for lunch one day!
<review# 1431,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2010,10/15/2010,6,8,,5,3>The old adage of  "good things come to those who wait" certainly applies here. You are going to wait for your food (or a table if you go right at supper time) - but it's going to be worth it.The size of the fish is huge. The fries are delicious.
<review# 1432,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/4/2010,10/14/2010,68,69,,8,6>Chelsea and I went out to Okotoks yesterday for the exhibit of For the Love of Shoes.The Art Gallery is deep on Railway Street, closer to the industrial end than the boutique shopping district. It's a quaint little spot. The exhibit was in the smaller room. The Art Gallery was housing a larger exhibit of pop art in the larger room but we didn't venture into there.The gallery typically features smaller exhibits by up-and-coming artists. I'm looking forward to the next showing, starting in November. It's called A Secondary Highway and features colour and black-and-white photography by Robert Scott who likes to take the road less travelled.Keep an eye out for more interesting exhibits at the OAG.
<review# 1433,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/5/2010,10/13/2010,17,13,,7,4>My fiancee surprised me by taking me to this place. It doesn't look like much from the outside, so my expectations where kinda low. I was expecting patio food, or at best Joey Tomatoes style of cooking.When we walked in we were greeted right away by one of their waiters, and barely waited until we were seated. She read the reviews before we went there and ordered the lobster poutine right away.I was a bit apprehensive about it because I am not the biggest fan of poutine and mixing seafood in with it...i just wasn't convinced about it. After trying it though...it was quite delicious. The key to getting the most flavour out it was to mix the fries thoroughly with the sauce. Holy smokes it had this deep and rich flavour to it. The waiter was quite helpful, I was a bit surprised to see the waiters though. I figured since it was downtown on 17th it would be your average college student trying to work their way through. But these waiters were seasoned veterans, these waiters didnt just give you the average spiel about which wine should go with the meal. Like white wine with chicken, red with meat and so on. Noooo these waiters, would recommend exact brands and their choices were really good.A specific wine might bring out the flavour of the steak, or of the fish. And their wine recommendations do reflect that. Our entrees arrived, I am still getting used to the smaller portions of higher end restaurants. But my stomach was not dismayed by the smaller portion, because I was stuffed at the end of the meal.
<review# 1434,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/5/2010,10/12/2010,67,205,,6,5>Very easy to miss if you're driving southbound at night on 14th Street NW towards Kensington Road (it's on the right). "Cozy" = make reservations, especially for dinner. Tried the sashimi, my wife had the assorted sushi, our son had beef udon, plus we shared a platter with mango and tempura shrimp ("tropical roll") and I tried black sesame ice cream for the first time. All good. We'll be back.
<review# 1435,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2010,10/11/2010,1,2,4,7,6>The work-lunch escape is an important concept -- you want to get away from your office/cube/job-site, you want good food, you don't want to be concerned about time, you want good food, you don't want to spend the entire day's earnings, and the food should be good.  Lunch at Hankang fits my bill.First thing's first -- I'm reviewing the lunch specials.  I'm assuming that the dinner items are as good at they sound from perusing the options during my lunch-hour, but this is a lunch special review.  $12 gets you a varied, and amazing plate of food.  Choose from beef spare ribs, chicken bulgogi or pork bulgogi -- all flavours I crave beforehand, and debate between while ordering.  Each main is complimented with a starter miso, and a number of sides that trigger all the basic flavours: sweet, spice, sour and savoury.  Lunch at Hankang fills me up, but with enough veg and variety to keep me awake upon returning to my office. And the staff are wonderful, even after I managed to break their toothpick dispenser, spilling the contents over my table.The biggest issue I have with a work-lunch escape at Hankang is going back to work.
<review# 1436,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2010,10/10/2010,27,113,7,6,7>Last night was my first ever visit to Jubilations, yes, a little embarassing considering I'm a block away. And I loved it!The show we saw was 'Greased', so yes, a Grease theme, but with some Albertan twists to the fun story. We heard some of the classic Grease songs, with some other popular ones from the time. The cast was funny, entertaining, and made the visit by staying in character the whole time.The whole evening is fun! You definitely aren't bored between acts, and in total they probably had about 15 audience members participate. Even we did! and we got some free drinks for making slight fools of ourselves. At our table, we had 3 of the 4 main course options and all were received very well. All of the food was delicious! I will for sure be returning for the next show (I think it starts in November) and will probably buy one of the ticket packs as it will be worth it.
<review# 1437,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2010,10/9/2010,52,263,3,6,3>Ok I will admit that maybe quality ingredients isn't the appeal here. But I love their burgers. I love them!! Something about them is just SO good. The buns are soft at the processed cheese is perfectly melted, lots of ketchup. I also am also fond of their shakes. These babies are HUGE! Your typical milkshake nothing out of the ordinary. But I think what makes this place a hit is it's just *FUN*. It's fun to go, it's fun to sit and eat greasy ole burgers and shakes in your car, it's just a little different, and pretty cool. I'm a huge fan and will be back time and time again!
<review# 1438,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/4/2010,10/8/2010,71,173,,3,3>Thai tai seems to be quite a success story....everyone seems to like it, myself included.  I was at this location today and to avoid the rush I had an early lunch. I was greeted by a friendly guy who took my order and unlike alot of young customer service people was engaging and chatty. I had a veggie sub and diet coke.  At Thai Tai you order at the counter they give you your receipt with an order number and you take a seat and wait for your number to be called. I grabbed a seat along the window and people watched...in a few minutes my sub was ready, when you go up to get it, they ask you what you would like on it customizing it for you.   My sub was delicious, toasted and filled with delicious veggies and sweet soy sauce and peppers. This location has more seats along the window( diner style) than seats. The atmosphere is themed with asian flair. In addition there is a shared outdoor seating area with the other restaurants that surround it. This particular location gets insanely busy so try to avoid the peak rush times.  All in all a tasty lunch, great service and I will be back.
<review# 1439,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2009,10/7/2010,62,58,,5,1>One of the best burger joints in Calgary. They have a full page of signature Loungeburgers and a full list of toppings to make your own Frankenstein-style creation. I was there for lunch on Friday and I had the lamb burger with taziki & feta cheese. It was brilliant.One day I'll have to try the "$40 Lounger". It's not quite as expensive as the $5000 burger at Mandalay Bay in Vegas, but by Calgary standards it's pretty pricey for a burger (and for good reason), check the description below:"kobe wagyu topped with a prosciutto wrapped lobster, butter lettuce, chives and a truffle hollandaise sauce on a pretzel bun." Boom.
<review# 1440,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2009,10/6/2010,13,111,2,2,2>Redwater Rustic Grille came highly recommended by a former colleague.  So our first anniversary following that conversation, I decided on Redwater for our celebration.The decor of Redwater is fantastic.  The best word to define it is already in the name, rustic.  From first arriving, to sitting down, to enjoying the meal, and leaving, Redwater has a feeling of tradition that is thoroughly enjoyable.The service was excellent, which is always one of the most important points for me in enjoying a restaurant, especially one that is of the higher class variety.  The food was fantastic and really made the evening complete.  I hope to visit again soon!
<review# 1441,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/15/2009,10/5/2010,36,17,9,9,4>I just accompanied some family members to T.D. Modern, and have to say that I found it kind of wickedly hilarious. It's a small, privately run salon that offers haircuts for kids and adults, coloring, perms, updos, waxing, manicures and pedicures, and makeup service.The place smells distinctly of nail polish remover, hair spray, and chemicals. It's run and operated by a bevy of older Vietnamese and Chinese ladies wearing a mix of adorable Asian-Canadian fashions. They have exuberant conversations in accented English and excited Cantonese with their patrons - generally gossip about their families and "the old country". The clientele appears to consist largely of older immigrants, their young, surly, first-gen kids (whose style is still dictated by their parents' idea of affordable haircuts), and cackling, good natured old biddies (like my grandma) getting their monthly perm and color.As mentioned above, the place is small, with only four hairstyling chairs and a small backroom area - which, I assume, is where they handle the waxing. Their prices are really good for their services ($15-22 for a basic women's' cut, $11-14 for men; highlights starting at $35), but they're not exactly cutting edge. The hair magazines are largely from the eighties, and maybe some from the early nineties. They've of course got your modern Vogues to read as well, but they're interspersed with promotional materials for old school Chinese operas.As a fashion-conscious, semi-vain twenty-something, I can't say that I would ever come here for my own purposes, but I do have a huge soft spot for establishments like these. They always remind me of getting haircuts with my mum while in my tweens, and thus fill me with equal parts nostalgia and annoyance.
<review# 1442,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2010,10/4/2010,19,273,4,7,3>I was a Crave virgin, all I have ever heard was raves about their cupcakes, but had never had one myself.  Well goodbye virginity!  I finally got an opportunity to go here!It seemed as though I had come in that split second between the constant rush of people, there were only 2 other women in the store.  One of the girls behind the counter greeted me and asked how many cupcakes I wanted, I wanted 7.  So I just picked a couple of crave-o-licious, vanilla princesses, dark angels and one pina colada one.  It costs $3.95 for one cupcake, $16.95 for 6.  Personally I don't see the point in the little cupcakes, its torture really, one bite and its gone!  So It cost me $20 for my cupcakes.  It was so worth it!  Not only was I the coolest kid at the party, but I was in heaven those 40 seconds (or so) that it took me to devour my dark angel.  I also couldn't go without stealing a bite of the vanilla princess, the icing is made with pureed strawberries and is so, so very good.Ya this place is crazy busy and ya its expensive, but its not like I go here every day.  People spend $5 on coffee from Starbucks, why can't people spend $4 on a cupcake!  I will be awaiting the next opportunity I have to hit up Crave!
<review# 1443,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2010,10/3/2010,76,56,2,4,2>First off, this place isn't Mexican, it's Columbian (as the large number of Columbian flags would probably indicate).This tiny mom and pop (literally a husband and wife team) pizza place serves some of the best and unique pizza in town. ex. the Fruit Fiesta.There's also solid more traditonal choices as well.The most important thing about Vogglio D'Pizza is the crust. Know what you want. There's everything from paper thin New York style thin crust to brick like thick crust.The thick crust usually only takes one to two slices to fill most people and is great for a moving party.Since it's a two person operation be prepared to wait a little longer than usual. ex. if they say it will be ready in 25 minutes, it will actually be ready in 35. but the quality and unique choices make it worth it.
<review# 1444,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2010,10/2/2010,67,56,2,9,4>Dear Yelpers,I'm letting you in on a little secret. Laurier Lounge does brunch and it's amazing. I'm not one to tell secrets without being able to back it up, so here's why:Excellent coffee. Both espresso based drinks and the coffee press are the perfect pick-me-up on a weekend morning. Great eggs. The omelettes come open-faced, with a good meat/cheese/other toppings ratio.Interesting potatoes. How often are you surprised by hash browns? Me either. I swear there is something sweet about these potatoes and I sometimes dream about them at night. Crepes and croissants - the sweet smell of home made baked goods hits you first. One look at the buttery croissant could possibly make a grown man cry...or at least a girl who can't eat wheat while everyone else at the table raves about how good they taste. A sunny, quiet patio. If you've been to the Laurier Lounge for dinner and sat out on the patio, you already know how perfect it is. Imagine that when the sun is shining.Good staff, friendly owner, easy parking...lest you think I'm going on with nothing bad to say, I'm not a fan of their awkwardly placed bathroom, but I guess there isn't much choice given the location. I feel like everything at Laurier Lounge is well thought through. Hope you enjoy this gem as much as I do.
<review# 1445,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2010,10/1/2010,51,42,7,12,6>Welcome me back to the 80's!! Get on your leg warmers and scrunchies and head to Lloyd's for a time warp. This place is the real deal. It has never seen a renovation! It smells weird and they sell slushies You can rent your roller skates for $2.50 Pros: DJ! What! That's right, request a song! ITS ROLLERSKATING! Cons: No skates on in the seated area while consuming tasty tasty slushie. They never change the direction...Always Counterclockwise... This place is fantastically dingy!
<review# 1446,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2009,9/30/2010,83,367,10,14,6>My dog and I have an interesting relationship, maybe it has something to do with the fact that I'm a cat person. He listens to me occasionally when treats are involved, and we wrestle and play otherwise. But he's HUGE now that he's grown up a bit (chocolate lab) and even though he is friendly, he is a menace. So we signed him up for doggie training classes. His behavior has improved noticeably a few weeks in, and right from the beginning he responded well to the classes. If your dog is still young, Sit Happens is a great place to find out how to assert your dominance and become the top dog in your dog's life so he'll finally stop eating your shoes.
<review# 1447,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2009,9/28/2010,310,796,18,22,12>Okay ATTENTION all ladies out there:  Are you needing a good haircut?  I mean a good haircut ... DOWN there then try Frilly Lilly's.  This is a very attractive shop on 4th Street SW, which caresses you with sweet smelling bath bombs as soon as you enter the store.Gals there are very very nice; they have great energy and assure me that the process will not hurt.  Shiver!We have four basic choices at FL, the Brazilian (nothings left, that's right nothing) the Hawaiian (aloha! Barely there) the Canadian (O Canada, perfect for the Canadian bikini) and the Alaskan (stay warm this winter, just a little off the sides).  Great senses of humour, a very relaxing place and oh so popular; there was a line up of girls waiting and others I could hear inside giggling.The rooms are very dainty, trimmed with pink and clean linen; you won't have any problem feeling oh so special when you get your ``special`` cut.And while you are waiting check out all the delicious bath bombs: birthday cake, chocolate fudge, lemon meringue, mandarin twist, marshmallow cream, strawberry shortcake just to name a few!  Feel the luxury of these bombs and smell like them too!Frilly Lilly also give you options on manis and pedis and for you overtly furry girls out there, chin, brow and back waxing.  AhemmmmSee there is fun for all here.  It`s so Frilly Lilly.
<review# 1448,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2010,9/27/2010,1328,1117,8,21,18>This weekend a friend and I stopped in at Kaffa for brunch. What I liked about this place was their set up. Kaffa is an old house that has been converted into a coffee shop/restaurant. There are tables scattered throughout different rooms on the inside, and on the outside, the patio is hidden amidst plants and trees. Aside from its set up, what makes Kaffa unique is its menu. In standard coffee shops, it's a rarity to be able to order a plate of nachos alongside your Chai latte or a Jamaican patty alongside your Italian soda. At Kaffa however, this dream is a reality.We ordered a couple of lattes, a Biscotti and a date square and shared the treats. Although I, personally did not try their nachos, I *did* watch the group at the table next to us inhale a plate of them down to the very last bite. Damn they looked good ;) Right about now I should tell you that of the drinks and snacks that I *did* try, they were excellent. The drinks were prepared expertly and the snacks were homemade, fresh and delicious.Aside from the aforementioned however, there are a couple of points of critique. The service was slow... *painfully* slow. And the prices, they were steep. Overall, I thoroughly enjoyed my experience at Kaffa, but when it comes to the service and pricing, there is definitely some room for improvement.
