<review# 1,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2014,11/24/2014,107,124,4,8,8>Get here at 8a, no line!  NICE!  I wanted to like this place more than I did, maybe it was all the hype, the crazy lines?Chicken Biscuit:  Chicken was fried perfectly!  Crunchy all around, and no weird mushy between the crust & chicken, BUT, lacked flavor.  If there was salt on my table, I would've used it.  Bummer, huh?  So perfect, but not.  Biscuit was good, but not my fav.  Cheese Grits:  YUM!  They get an extra star for that!  No too gritty or over cooked, just DUH-licious!  Will get this everytime!  YUM!Mexican Scramble: Hubby got this.  It was super good, and very generous portion!  There was this DUH-licious avocado crema stuff on top....OMG!!  So good!!  The pico de galo, also DUH-licious!  Mmmmmmm......Coffee: Was awesome!!  Had a few cups!  :DService was great!  I love the bow ties the guys wear there!  Hipsters! ;)  I'm bummed on the chicken biscuit, but will try the place again.  Would I wait in line for over an hour, NO!  Not even more than 10-15 minutes.  This girl is too hungry for all that!!
<review# 2,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2014,11/23/2014,315,451,10,14,14>It's high time that I give my opinion of this place and what better encouragement than a "scoop" of green tea and mango ice creams to get the review-writing juices flowing?I moved into the neighborhood almost a year ago and have been stopping by whenever the craving for ice cream gets the best of me. Learning that they serve locally-churned Greenwood Ice Cream just heightened my curiosity and admittedly, a Scoutmob deal was what sealed the deal. (Wow, I am on a roll with clichés tonight...)Since I have a hard time deciding (ever heard of "analysis paralysis"?), I have asked to sample lots of flavors and between just getting a small spoonful or actually ordering a cup, I've tried pistachio, black cherry, mango, birthday cake, cookies 'n cream, butter pecan, chocolate chip cookie dough, raspberry sorbet, and pralines and cream froyo. The last two were sweeter than I would have liked, both frozen treats usually being a bit more tangy than ice cream itself. I truthfully detected no tartness in the sorbet and frozen yogurt that I tried.But let me tell you about my two favorites, having become my usual: green tea and peach. The peach is better than than the mango, so opt for the former if you're on the fence. Georgia is the peach state after all, so the ice cream has fresh chunks throughout. While I respect Dona N.'s opinion, I must gracefully disagree about the green tea flavor. I'm not a true connoisseur, but I happen to be a pretty big fan of matcha and buy tins of the stuff and prepare it at home complete with a bamboo whisk. While the flavor may be weaker than other matcha desserts, this ice cream flavor is certainly matcha green tea. I like its earthy quality paired with a fruity ice cream. You do what you want, but I usually go for the peach. The black cherry could be good too.Service is very friendly. No worries about paying with your card for just a (not-so-skimpy) single scoop (which can be split into 2 flavors--woo-hoo!). I got a cake cone on top of my mound of ice cream tonight and it is just like the ones my mom would get from the grocery store. These are like the red-headed stepchildren of the ice cream cone family, but I open my arms wide to embrace them. Warmly in my belly.Yummy ice cream with amazing local flavor. You will find families here even as they are coming up on their closing time on weeknights, which is awesome. The Frosty Caboose is just one other place that makes me love Chamblee.
<review# 3,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2014,11/22/2014,11,78,5,3,4>Why are there so many rave reviews for this place, even by snobby foodies? Because  it's freakin' awesome, that's why.Our last time to Canoe, unfortunately (because we waited too long to go back), I think was 6 years ago for me n the missus' 4th anniversary. We just hit 10 and I figured we should go back. We need to go back more frequently. Hoppin' for a Wednesday night.Not really any parking so you have to valet. Even the valet dudes are all nice. The hostesses with the mostesses are all nice. Everybody at this whole freakin' restaurant is nice. Seriously, the place just delivers outstanding service and food.Our server, Josh, was freakin' nice too. Soft-spoken, courteous, helpful.Brought out some bread (take your pick from the basket), nice room temp butter, nice olive bread for me. Got a Manhattan with the Bulleit 95 rye; kind of a small size but packed a punch.Of course the food is excellent. I won't go into too much detail. Wife had a Caesar, not really on the menu but they made her one. That's how they roll. A bit too much dressing for my liking but the taste was excellent. Anchovy-y too but in a good way. She had the chicken. Tasty, good broth.Tried the house cured salmon app. Fantastic. I had the quail special. Freakin' delicious with smokey bacon and sausage stuffed into it.Dessert: chocolate grotto. Pop the dome on that thing and some salted caramel oozes out. Wife not a huge mousse fan. It was filled with chocolate mousse. Truth be told we were heading to Flip for a Nutella milkshake (for her) afterward. She only wanted a bite but kept eating it, mousse and all. That's how good it was. Pretzel dust added a nice crunch. Thing is good. Get it. Chocolatey "Happy 10th Anniversary" written on the plate for a final nice touch.This place simply delivers. Look around, everybody is so freakin' happy and in a good mood, patrons, staff alike. Prices are obviously high for a joint like this but I thought reasonable for what you get.
<review# 4,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2014,11/21/2014,240,558,8,8,7>From the outside, Porter Beer Bar looks like every other dive bar around Atlanta in the Little Five Points / Virginia Highlands neighborhoods. Inside, Porter Beer Bar also looks like every other dive bar too. But when you try the food...Holy yum, Batman!I've been to L5P many times and never glanced twice at the narrow entrance marking Porter Beer Bar, but last night, since a friend of mine is prepping to move to Charlotte, NC and making his final round of farewells, he's going to all the places on his list that he hadn't yet tried in Atlanta. And also, since he was freshly back from a trip to Ireland, he felt Porter's would be an appropriate place to recap his tales.My boyfriend and I arrived a little late on Wednesday evening (traffic was typically horrendous - as was parking in Little Five), and although there were a number of people occupying the long bar that fills half the restaurant and a good number of tables taken in back, we had no problem securing a booth for the three of us.The waitress was one of the most laid back I've encountered in a while, but for all that she was still very good, saying things like, "No rush to order," but also refilling our mason jar water glasses regularly.After surveying the menu it became clear that the appetizers were more appealing than most of the main dishes, and though they sounded like standard bar fare at first, they definitely weren't. And I've not even mentioned the beer list yet, which was at least four times longer than the actual food menu. If beer's your thing, Porter Beer Bar has got you covered.But I digress. The appetizer menu looked so good, we decided to get a bunch of apps and share. Great decision. We ordered the goat cheese fritters, the mac'n'cheese, the fish'n'chips (mostly at my boyfriend's request) and of course, the salt'n'vinegar popcorn.While we were diving into tales of Ireland, sheep, castles, etc. the food began arriving. And whoa boy, it was impressive! As practically everyone else has said, the salt and vinegar popcorn is something else, it's out of this world good, but also potentially asthma inducing at the same time if you inhale while attempting to eat a handful. Fantastic - we finished off the whole, giant bowl with no problems. The goat cheese fritters were also spot on: they resembled giant mozzarella sticks covered in honey and way easier to cut with a knife and fork. Delicious taste. The mac'n'cheese was good but probably the least impressive of the bunch only because everyone in this town does mac'n'cheese, so there's a ton of really stiff competition. It was still quite good. And the fish and chips that I had a bite of were also good, the most standout part to me was the fries which had this awesome, deep, garlicky flavor in them. Yum!Honestly, I was really impressed with the food at Porter, and the bill for four apps and one entree came to a mere $36, which was also pretty darn impressive.The only thing that sucked - and this was in no way Porter Beer Bar's fault - was that I got ticketed by Park Atlanta because my meter expired 3 minutes before I returned! Damn you Park ATL!!Aside from parking, go to Porter - just beware to not breathe in while eating the popcorn.
<review# 5,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2014,11/20/2014,176,193,7,8,4>Sometimes we take those for granted who are closest to us.  No I'm not confusing yelp.com for jilted-lover.com.  I'm speaking of Davios.I work nearby Davios, so I have literally eaten here three times in a week and realistically average once or twice a week.  When I come in Claude will make the effort to come over and greet me, and Denise is nearly always there with a smile and kind words.  It just feels like a neighborhood place akin to what you might get in Center City Philly.  Davios is exceptionally well-managed.  The waitstaff are professionals, who really pride themselves on excellence.  I'm sure I'll miss others as I'm typing top of mind but Artelle, Brian and William are truly exceptional by any measure one might use.The food here is great.  They call themselves a steakhouse, but I don't think I've ever gotten a steak, mostly because I do so many business meals at Chops, Bones, NYC Prime and (egad) even Hal's.  I view Davios as more of a northern Italian ristorante (as opposed to a Trattoria or Osteria).  You can't go wrong with the pastas, and I find their fish dishes to be excellently prepared with great cuts of fish.As I'm mostly here for lunch, I have to point out that this is really one of the best lunch deals in town.  I think for something only like $16 you get a drink, salad/soup, entree.  Give that a look.  There are some other options on the menu as well, and one not to overlook is the chicken soy burger...I know that seems antithetic to the northern Italian ristorante theme, but roll with it.  This is excellent.Also, if you bring kids, make sure they order the pizza so you can scarf a piece.  The pizza is exquisite...well, can pizza be exquisite?  I'm not sure, but if it can be, then Davios pizza is.  This is a thin crispy crust with excellent quality cheese all over it.  Delicious...in an exquisite sense, I mean.
<review# 6,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2014,11/19/2014,86,149,3,7,5>An intimate and unassuming gem of a venue.  I've always heard about the legendary acts that played at the Attic before they got their big breaks.  I was excited to finally visit this beloved breeding ground for musical talent.I came on a Tuesday evening to see Ben Taylor play.  Parking could not have been easier - I parked along the street in a metered spot across from the Chick-fil-A and caddy corner to the Eddie's Attic entrance.We got to the Attic around 7:00pm for an 8:00pm show to snag a good spot and grab a bite to eat.  By the way - when you buy your tickets ahead of time online, you receive a handy dandy reminder email the day of the show that outlines tips and tricks and rules of the house for a show at Eddie's Attic.THE SPACE: We walked up the creaky old steps to the attic where the doorman checked our IDs, marked off our names on the list, and stamped cute little musical notes onto our hands.  I was pleasantly surprised at the small size of the space.  If I had to guesstimate, I'd say there's room for about 40 people.  No matter where you sit in the place, you're going to feel like you are right within reach of the stage.  It's like you're in a friend's attic (with a full kitchen and bar) just dropping in for a jam session.  I'm a sucker for little shows like this where you really feel like you are up close and personal with the artist.There are little circular tables along the left side of the space on either side of a high-top island of stool seating.  All of these tables had little "reserved" signs on them.  When you purchase your tickets online, you have the option to purchase single tickets, or purchase a group of 4 to reserve a table ahead of time on a first come, first serve basis.  My friend and I bought single tickets and were fortunate to arrive early enough to snag two stools at the worn wooden bar.  We had a great spot, but there was an obnoxious pole in the middle of the room right in front of the stage that obstructed our view a bit, so we had to do some awkward leaning to get the view right.The space is old with wooden furnishings, and it's got a hipster-y vibe with some historic charm.  You can just feel that this place has seen some true artists over the years.  An interesting feature - along the back wall by the entrance to the main room is a random little set of stairs that I guess you could call stadium seating where people can perch and take in the show.FOOD AND DRINK: My friend and I were pleasantly surprised to find that the Eddie's Attic menu is beyond the stale and bland "bar food" that I'm accustomed to finding at bar venues: a hummus plate, a mahi mahi sandwich, black bean burger... and much more.  I was also pleased with their drink list which includes a variety of domestic and imported beers on draft and bottled for anywhere from $3.50-$7.00.  I went for my classic glass of red wine for $7.50.  Pretty standard price for a glass of wine at a bar, but the pour was very generous.  They also have a few quirky cocktails like a special twist on a moscow mule served with Cathead pecan vodka and ginger beer.My friend inquired about the salad special - a lump crab and avocado salad.  Our server candidly gave us her opinion on the taste of it, explaining that the texture was a bit odd and unexpected.  Deterred by this honest review, my friend ordered the chicken sandwich on a wheat bun with sweet potato fries.  I ordered the thai salad with chicken, served up in a hefty bowl with cabbage, lettuce, mandarin oranges, cucumber, and fresh grilled chicken breast.  I asked for no won-tons, but they missed that an threw them in anyway so I awkwardly picked them out on a napkin.One weird point worth noting - the bar staff keeps glasses of iceless water queued up at the bar, each with a straw, for anyone who requests water.  No ice for you.  Also, when I got to the bottom of mine, the servers did not offer to replenish.MUSIC: I've been listening to Ben Taylor since I was in high school, so of course I loved his songs and hearing his soothing, folksy voice in person.  But the acoustics in the Attic are great.  The sound guys worked the controls well and I never felt like I was being deafened by the volume.  It's funny because the crowd is very much anti any kind of talking or whispering or noise-making during the sets.  When someone tried to get a whispered word in, he was promptly hushed.  Not sure if it was a staff member or a fan, but it was established early on that talking was a no no.I would love to come back to Eddie's attic for another tasty meal and intimately awesome show.  Chill and lovely and all around very satisfying.
<review# 7,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2014,11/18/2014,229,224,6,13,11>Let us start off this review with some scary statistics. According to the CDC estimation of obesity in America, 1/3 of the adult population is obese. No, not overweight, but obese (BMI over 30), and over 12.5 million children are as well. This is scary. Two of the biggest reasons why people choose not to exercise or take part in physical activity is because "There is not a convenient place" or "I do not have anyone to workout with." and of course, the 3rd reason is there is not enough time. Everyone can find 30 minutes a day.Why do I add this to my review? Because your family, friends and the people who care about you love you and need you. Remember, you are no good to anyone, if you are six feet under.This park is near by for the majority of us in the metropolitan area and there is plenty to do, with or without company.On with the review.[Park]Stone Mountain Park is breath taking. It seriously is. The park itself sits on about 3200 acres of land and is said to be the biggest mountain made of granite in the world. There are plenty of things to do, even for those who are on a budget. They have plenty of space to cycle, walk, jog, run and this includes 12 miles of trail. They have a excellent playground that is fenced in and with a closing gate. Of course that does not mean you should not watch your kids, it just means that more than likely they cannot run off. As long as everyone closes the gate. The playground is made of all wood and consists of a playground for older kids (4-12) and a few smaller play areas designed for younger toddlers and baby. This area also has an enclosed (roof) picnic table area for parties. Last year a friend used it for a birthday party and we had a blast.[Memberships]During the colder months, they build a big snow area (They call it Tube Runners here) that is used for tubing for the kids. The kids go up and down the ramp using snow inner tubes. In order to use the "Tube Runner" it requires either the Mountain Membership or Mountain Membership Plus. The regular membership is $59 for adults and $49 for kids (3-11) and the Membership PLUS is $109 for both adults and kids. These memberships are valid for 12 months and include a year of parking. The memberships are worth getting if you are going to come here often, because they include the geyser towers, riding the duck, skyride, theatre, mini golf, museums, train and some of the other seasonal events. They also give members 20% off discounts on food and merchandise. Visitors should know that even though the park is owned by the State, some of it is ran like an amusement park, because the state gave a contract to "Herschend Family Entertainment Corporation" to run those added attractions.[Parking]Parking is 10 bucks each time you come here. That is a lot when you are someone who grew up going to parks that never charged a parking fee. That being said, don't waste your money, because if you come here once, you will probably want to come here often. Get the yearly parking pass for $35. After your 4th visit, the parking pass paid for its self.[Walking up the big rock]The walking trail is on the far west side of the mountain. It is an excellent workout for sure. The hike is 2.1K (1.3 Miles) and is for the most part moderate, but as you climb it can become pretty intensive towards 3/4th of top. Personally, I would not recommend anyone who has cardiovascular disease, breathing problems/asthma (unless you have a bronchodilator), anyone who has bad knees, arthritis in the lower extremities, or anything that could cause them to get hurt. For those who are physically active, this is a excellent workout as you are climbing an elevation of almost 800 feet.[Picnic Areas]The park has a huge picnic area. A few years ago that I worked for had a big cookout here. The picnic tables are free to use, but are limited to just six per group and you are not allowed to have a company cater food to you. Of course, you can probably get catered food, just you have to bring it yourself. Just make sure to clean up after your party.[Conclusion]There are many other things to do here at the park. I know that I did not cover everything, but will update my review as I venture off to do other recreational activities here.Overall, if you love outdoor activities, picnics, taking the kids to the playground and just enjoying nature. You will love this park. It is huge and there is something for everyone. I also love that this park is very diverse in culture. People from all aspects of life come to this park and there are many foreigners who come here to visit as well. So please be courteous to others, as you would hope they would when you visit their part of the world.
<review# 8,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2014,11/17/2014,182,379,3,9,6>We came for Inman Park Restaurant Week but tossed aside that idea when we saw their regular menu.Between the four of us, we had:A P P E T I Z E R S- Roasted bone marrow with char toast, lemon crumb, and Maldon salt on the side- Pork belly tacos with citrus hoisin sauce and sauteed, shaved white onionE N T R E E S- Sea scallop benedict with country ham grits and a Chile Hollandaise- Crispy duck breast with Thai risotto/green curry- Veal chop- Skillet cod- Charred cream corn with gouda (x2)Everything was excellent! The end. Seriously, I don't even know what else to say. Well.. I guess if I HAD to say something:The complimentary bread basket was tasty, but I wish the bread had been warm. The butter was nice and soft at room temperature.I abhor adding salt to my food but the Maldon salt that came with the bone marrow brought out a whole different level to the simple, yet elegant, dish. Might I dare say I prefer Rathbun's to H&F? One comment I guess I could make is I wish they gave more bread because the marrow to bread ratio was off. There was a good bit more marrow and as delectable as it is on it's own, the bread is pretty vital to me.The pork belly tacos were BOMB! The citrus hoisin sauce was a nice twist. Hmmm.. I have pork belly AND hoisin sauce on hand.. time to experiment!The beau preferred my scallop benedict over his veal chop. The slight saltiness from the scallops were beautifully offset by the grits, which made the entire dish very well balanced. Portion size for this is pretty small, so fill up on the appetizers if you are worried about getting full.Beau's veal chop was cooked medium, as our friend suggested, but next time he'll order it medium rare. Leave it to him to order (what I'm assuming is) one of the bigger portioned dishes. The veal, along with the creamed corn, made for a rounded meal. He ordered the corn as a side ($7, by the way) upon recommendation of our server. I never imagined that corn could be dressed up in such a way that I'd be thinking about it the day after! It's a must-try as a side and it was enough to share amongst two. My two friends ordered the duck and cod. Their plates were CLEAN, so I'm assuming there were no complaints there. ;)We considered getting dessert at Rathbun's but decided to go elsewhere since we were meeting up with others after dinner.I could not give Rathbun's a full five star rating due to service. Our server was friendly but there was a lot of time in between his appearances. It took a long time to order, get the food, and even to pay! If it weren't for being with amazing company, it would have ended up being a bigger issue.We had reservations and were seated immediately at the enclosed patio. The weather was nice and warm, so I didn't mind. By the end of the dinner, I think I could say I preferred being outside since it got pretty loud inside full the restaurant. You can carry conversations better out on the patio.Parking is valet only. As per usual, I think the valet guys could be a little more delicate with the cars.Out of the entire Rathbun's Restaurant family we've experienced so far, Rathbun's is my favorite. Beau and I went to Kevin Rathbun's for IPRW last year but we weren't dazzled. Actually, this is the first restaurant at Inman Park to leave a good impression on me, so thank you for a great dining experience!
<review# 9,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2014,11/16/2014,90,87,5,5,4>Came here on one of my date nights and hardly talked to my date. Not because we were not enjoying each other's company but because the food was amazing. I had the chicken which really doesn't help to anyone who is trying to find the right dish to order because they change the menu every day. The highlight of the evening was the lemon tart with black tea ice cream. I cant get enough of the place. I will definitely return. Tip: do not blow into the bird whistle on the table... you will die because everyone and their mother's lips has been on it...gross. don't even touch it.
<review# 10,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2014,11/15/2014,145,240,4,5,5>Prior to meeting Scott, I'd never considered framing much of an art from. You just slap a black border and a single white matte and you're done. But I've come to find out, if you have a good, complimentary frame and matte, your art will pop and standout far better than by itself or a more traditional frame. Scott is providing a service, not a product.What's this service? He has a natural knack for choosing ideas that will make people say, "Wow!" I brought three prints to Scott for framing and told him up front - I have no eye for color or artistic je ne sais quoi. Scott quickly went to his countless supplies and picked out a frame and mattes that pulled from the first print's colorway. I thought to myself, "You're crazy and this will look terrible," but surrendered  to what I knew was a great reputation. The next print he drew from the subject matter (some sort of tiki-god-esque thing) and picked a frame with embossed/carved skulls. Now this, I was more on board with until he pulled out one of the blandest looking mattes I've seen (unframed). OK? Surrendering again. I'll spare you the details of the last print -you know where this story is going.Two weeks later, Scott gave me a call to pick up the pieces and I was blown away. Particularly with the first one (pictured) that seemed so outlandish prior to seeing the finished product. My advice - give Scott a try. Surrender. You may have an idea for how you want something to look, but Scott's idea is better. He also went the extra mile and adjusted a couple of things I noticed when I got home - do not abuse this privilege.Lastly, framing isn't cheap. I've had a few other things framed around town from businesses I liked. Scott's prices are comparable, but his skillset in making excellent choices is unrivaled. Somehow, he's remained a well-kept secret for too long.
<review# 11,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2014,11/14/2014,224,259,1,8,5>So typically when I have a reservation and I have to wait further when I get there,  I don't like it.  Here it was ok since I was waiting for my party to arrive. By the time we were sat it was almost 1/2 hr past our reservation time. All good considering parking is a nightmare in Decatur!!  By the way free parking after 6 at courthouse. Yipee. The food was amazing as was the service. The aforementioned long wait did not matter after we sat and enjoyed the delicious meal. Eggplant fries, mushroom flat bread, olives, Manchego cheese, scallops all yummy.  We got the best house wine which was a Malbec and good. The odd thing was our cork was broken so getting it open was an issue and our waiter struggled a bit.  We had tawny 10 yr and chocolate cake to finish.  All good.
<review# 12,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2014,11/13/2014,105,50,9,7,8>Oh child! Let me tell you one thing...I absolutely live for the owner, Doug's responses to the customer's who give bad reviews about this place on Yelp! It's what I look forward to reading daily on yelp.Moving on...I'm obsessed with this place! I love this place! I LIVE for this place! I'm such a fiend for bubble tea. You can turn just about anything into a slushie here. There's pastries from Highland Bakery and Alon's available for purchase and gelato with unique pairings. Check check!  I usually get the Royal Milk Bubble Tea or the Taro milk slushie with extra honey. I like my bubble tea way sweeter than the normal person so you'll have to get it custom if you have a raging sweet tooth like me. You can mix flavors together to your hearts desire or take advantage of the already uniquely mixed flavors available on the menu. There's also hot tea and coffee drinks available if bubble tea is not your thing.They stay open until 10 pm on weeknights and free WIFI always!  Don't be intimidated by the modern design of this place and the customers who fill up this spot.
<review# 13,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2014,11/12/2014,100,145,6,12,9>Why are you so adorable Amelie??  Why are the owners so nice??  Why must all the pastries look so delish??If you can't tell...IM SUCH A FAN FAN FAN!It was my first visit and i had just eaten dinner, but the owner had given us a taste of the salted caramel brownie and I was HOOKED! I had to get one to-go.  My friend ordered the croque monsieur and HOLY MOLY! I've never ordered one these sandwiches before....so no comparisons....but it was damnnnn gooooood--eggy, cheesy, good amount of salt.  The bread was fluffy and soft, the cheese melted, and a thin layer of ham.  It was heavy....in a fantastical kind of way.Like it said earlier, I got the salted caramel brownie to go...and it was most def just as good over the next few days.  I also got a chocolate croissant, which ended up a bit dry--but I think it was my fault bc I stuck it in the fridge when I got home :( womp womp.There are a number of things I'd like to try next time--included the stuffed croissant (almond, berry, or chocolate), macarons, and tarts. Nom NomA couple of notes:-coffee and tea have 1 free refill-plenty of seating with a combination of tables and couches-open late! currently till 10pm, though I hear the ones in other cities are open 24/7!-parking around back, door leads up via stairsCan't wait to try this place again :)
<review# 14,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2014,11/11/2014,66,188,13,8,8>Prepare to STFU.   That should be the slogan of Jeni's splendid ice cream.  Prepare to STFU.   Seriously,  you will have your eyes closed and your mouth and mind completely absorbed by some creamy rich deliciousness unlike most any other ice cream.  The black coffee ice cream?  OMG.  I sat there, by myself at the picnic table outside Star Provisions, and was completely oblivious to anyone and anything around me.  A drive by shooting could have happened and I would have been none the wiser.   I live near morelli's ice cream, and pretty much measure any and all ice cream by morelli's.  Nothing has come near Morelli's salted caramel IMO, that is until Jeni's.  And y'all this is not good.  Living near Morelli's and working near Jeni's is going to wreck my waist line (even more than it already is).   Cuz how do you say no to $4 heaven?   That small bowl of two scoops for $4 turned my frown upside down.  Money can't buy happiness, but it can buy ice cream, and that's pretty much the same thing.
<review# 15,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2014,11/10/2014,83,107,4,8,8>I love coming to this place for my fruits and vegetables!!! I always come up with a ton of bags feeling accomplished. I don't know how accurate it is but I at least feel like I spend less money here than at a grocery store. They have everything you need. Vegetables, fruits, pasta, rice, coffee, baked goods, dairy, meat, seafood. They have a cafe that I have never tried but it must be good because there's always a line and crowd. Everything I have tried from the bakery has been Good :-) yummy desserts! All shopping carts are located outside but they do have small baskets inside. Just an FYI you can't bring in bags you will have to check them at the desk. I hope you are good at navigating because everyone I have asked for help wasn't able to help me. It most cases it seemed to be because of a language barrier. The weekends are horrible: parking, lines and just trying to move inside.
<review# 16,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2014,11/9/2014,144,134,5,6,5>Dined at Wisteria tonight with fellow Yelper, Phong T. for Inman Park's Restaurant Week. Wisteria offered two options for this week, three course meals for either $25 or $35. There is complimentary valet parking next to the establishment that is located on a strip of three to four restaurants or you can try to find parking along the streets and neighborhoods. The atmosphere is very intimate with dim lighting and romantic...except the tables along the wall are literally two inches or so apart from each other so you can hear your neighbors' conversations. Good thing we had reservations at 8:00 P.M. The placed was packed with diners. I do believe that the restaurant's space is a bit on the smaller side. Service: The service was quick. Our server definitely made the experience way better. Hunter, you rock! He was very attentive and never allowed for our water glasses to even be less than 75% filled. He was very detailed. He folded my friend's napkin when he got up to use the restroom. Food: We each opted for the three course meal for $35. The server brought us four complimentary slices of warm bread with butter. We placed our order and our appetizer came out within ten minutes! So quick! My friend ordered the Salmon Tartare Flatbread, Pan Seared North Atlantic Skate Wing, and the Dessert Sampler. I tried his first and second course. His first course, Salmon Tartare Flatbread had small chunks of salmon and avocado on top of thin and crispy flatbread pieces. It was good, but not something I would order the next time I dine here again. His Skate Wing entree was interesting. I really liked the grits, fried onions, and asparagus that accompanied it. The grits are delicious! It had bits of corn in it as well. The Skate Wing has what the server described, "the texture is like scallops, but the taste is like crab meat". This is a good description of it. It is one of Wisteria's popular dishes. I ordered the Charleston-Style Jumbo Lump Crab Cake as the first course. The crab cake was accompanied by this delicious roasted corn and pepper succotash. The crab cake is the size of your palm which is a good size. You must try it with the sauce that comes with it. My entree was the Pecan Crusted Atlantic Salmon and it came accompanied with sautéed spaghetti squash, and julienne sweet potatoes all with champagne fumet (wine) sauce. The salmon was good, but not amazing. I think the reason why I wasn't a huge fan was because it was pecan crusted on the outside of the salmon. I was not a fan of the champagne fumet wine sauce. I loved the idea of spaghetti squash! The sweet potatoes were chips that had some type of leaf inside of it. I thought this was really neat. Our desserts were the same. We each had the sampler of Lemon Pecan Bar, Granny's Carrot Cake with Bourbon Sauce, and Warm Fudge Tart with Mexican Chocolate Ice Cream that had a spicy kick at the end. The dessert was okay. I liked the fresh whipped cream on top of the Lemon Pecan Bar and the Carrot Cake was good, but I'm not a fan of the coconut in it. Overall, I will definitely visit in the future, maybe for next year's restaurant week. There are a lot more entrees and sides that I would love to try. Their sides sounds delicious! Maybe I should order the vegetable platter. I heard that you can pick 10 different sides for the vegetable platter. It was a great experience.
<review# 17,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2014,11/8/2014,291,260,5,10,7>If I were to rate Cafe Sunflower amongst other vegetarian restaurants, it is hands down a 5 star. What they do that blows my mind is cook amazing dishes that taste so good that you don't even realize there's no meat in it. If you are a meat eater, it doesn't matter, you will enjoy the food too.We went for my mom's birthday and we got the 5 course meal, which turned out to be a pleasant surprise.BUTTERNUT SQUASH SOUPThey have a few versions of this soup depending on the season, and I have to say I like the plain one with nothing but butternut squash in it. This time, there were some additional veggies and beans inside which made for a different experience. We were only slightly disappointed, but still very satisfied with the soup.HARVEST SALAD This might be my favorite salad in all of Atlanta. It is so fresh and light, and the flavors work perfectly well together. Everyone at the table stopped talking and just enjoyed every bite of the salad with an occasional "mmm so good" every few minutes until our plates were clean. It is a mixed green salad with granny smith apples, Gorgonzola cheese, candied walnuts, asparagus, carrots, craisins, and thyme vinaigrette. SAMOSAThis take on the Indian Samosa is a bit different - they use a pastry puff instead of the traditional deep fried dough. There's a bit more of a bright curry flavor than a dense spiced potato and peas from what I'm used to for traditional Indian Samosas. Regardless, this was one of the table's favorite dishes of the night. SPICY PAD THAI NOODLES I've had plenty of thai food in my day, and my brother is allergic to peanuts, so originally we thought we wouldn't be able to order this. But they are able to hold the peanuts which are only added as toppings and isn't actually in the sauce. The sauce is a coconut based sauce instead of the traditional bright orange pad thai sauce. Their pad thai isn't really pad thai, but it is the best version I have ever tried. I could eat this every day until I died. The noodles were nice and chewy, the veggies complemented the coconut sauce, and I just wanted more! You MUST order this!DOUBLE CHOCOLATE CAKEMaybe it is because we're Asian and getting older, but we really don't like super sweet things, and this unfortunately was very much an American sweet dessert. The cake was also not as moist as I'd like to merit engulfing the massive slice, so we all just ate part of the cake. Not to mention we were absolutely stuffed from the feast we had just had from the previous 4 dishes. Overall, it was an almost perfect vegetarian 5 course meal if it hadn't been for the dessert. But that's superfluous anyway, so cheers to a great vegetarian meal! Will be coming back again soon.
<review# 18,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2014,11/7/2014,338,442,5,9,8>We consider ourselves quite lucky to live within 3-4 blocks of Dancing Goats. Even though my wife and I aren't regulars at this joint, whenever have the craving for coffee, this is always the first place we think of.  Whenever anyone is looking for a place to meet up near our home, we always suggest this spot before anywhere else (unless they're looking to eat pub fare). I usually get a white chocolate mocha, and it's always done perfectly- not too sweet.  10% off if you bring your own mug too! The only things I mildly dislike are the "second-hand" coffee smell that infiltrates my clothing if I sit inside for more than 15 minutes, and the limited evening hours. I figure their business is good enough as it is- they don't need the extra hours.  These minuses aren't nearly enough to keep me from giving this spot 5 stars. Cheers to Dancing Goats!
<review# 19,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2014,11/6/2014,168,202,7,12,7>Whoa.  What a meal.  I'm gonna go out on a limb and say that this is easily the best meal I've had in recent history.After we were seated, our waiter, who was probably the most over-zealous server in the history of the restaurant industry, proceeded to tell about his favorite things on the menu.  Which, essentially, included EVERYTHING ON THE MENU.  *sigh*Despite that, my experience was fantastic.  We tried a bunch of different things on the menu because everything looked so fantastic.  Appetizers included the lemon crab cream cheese fritters and the eggplant hushpuppies.  I was hesitant about the eggplant initially, but all doubts subsided after the first bite.  Both of our entrees (stuffed trout and scallops)  - sooo good.  And for dessert, we opted for the beignets (because if the chef is from New Orleans, you kinda have to).  Absolutely no disappointment there.  They were served with peanut butter cream and a blueberry jelly.  Yasss.  Ohhhhh, I almost forgot the grits.  Cheesy, cheesy grits.  We got them as a side and they might have been my favorite thing we had.  So good in fact, that I wanted to go back the next morning for breakfast.  But someone thought that was ridiculous and shot me down.  Sad pants.I will definitely be heading back here soon.  Kudos to you, Serpas.  Kudos to you.
<review# 20,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2014,11/5/2014,190,335,6,8,9>I had to go ahead and give up that 4 stars for this burger.  Stop 3 of Richard's UYE proved to be a hit.  I had my doubts and was talking shit when the street that it's on was all congested and I had to park way down there somewhere after waiting for cars going in the opposite direction to pass.  And I was looking crazy when this little ol baby burger was place before me.  But honey I found a Dr. Brown root beer and I took a bite of that burger and it was just so good.  So, so good.  I felt like I had discovered something.  It was so simple with its mustard and caramelized onions and cheese on a potato bun.  I shall seek out these little burgers hidden within a little grocery store over and over again.
<review# 21,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2014,11/4/2014,149,289,4,11,5>I'm a senior citizen it seems, as I generally make it a rule to never eat after 7pm. That said, I ended up visiting Leon's at around 9:30p for a very intimate birthday dinner. It was one of the best eating and overall dining experiences I've had in a long while. The atmosphere was super trendy in that hipster, down home kind of way. The crowd was thinning out, so, we had the attention of the waitstaff, who was knowledgeable and friendly, but didn't hover. It was dark and moody, with an amazing music playlist.All this added to the amazing, AMAZING food and drinks we had. I told my waiter that I liked drinks that weren't too sweet, and had a penchant for bourbon and whiskey in general, and he suggested The Wasp (george dickel rye, peach honey, lemon, salt & pepper) Which was by far one of my favorite drinks like, ever. Outstanding, balanced, tangy and sweet.We started with a app of bacon in a glass (its like they know me personally). I had the shrimp, which came heads-on, huge, swimming in a pool of spicy sauce, as well as a side salad (baby kale, bacon, hard boiled eggs) that I demolished in like 2 minutes. My sig had the lamb which was everything, and we finished it all up with the pound cake that came with a sauce(toasted pound cake, georgia blueberry, earl grey ice cream, almond crumble, lemon zest), which was, of course, also outstanding.I don't hand out very many 5 stars around these parts, but all in all, Leon's was a great experience with great food, and a great overall atmosphere. I completely recommend this place.
<review# 22,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2014,11/3/2014,342,294,4,8,8>I am hooked on Hankook! I've been a fan of Yumbi for years and somehow never made it to Hankook until recently. This place knocked my socks off.The prices are so reasonable. For lunch, I had two tacos and a drink for $6. The tacos are some of the best in Atlanta, packed full of flavor and fresh ingredients. I'm a sucker for those sesame fries too.
<review# 23,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2014,11/2/2014,29,153,2,12,4>On an evening where my girlfriend and I were heading to an event in the Edgewood area. We stumbled open on this gem. Back in the day this located had a different name and had a terrible parking situation. It was to the point that it was uncomfortable to go there because you didn't know what type of environment was outside by your car. Well here at BQE you definitely do not have to worry about that because they have parking lot off to the side of the restaurant. Ok now on the experience. We walked in to be greeted by an incredible staff that was quite friendly. The had a house DJ mixing urban contemporary along with several different drink specials and if you are into hookah they have that also. Now on to the food, I was amazed by the menu. They had several different items that stood out and I chose to roll with the red velvet waffle and fried chicken and my girlfriend chose the shrimp and grits. BOTH OF US HIT A HOMERUN WITH OUR SELECTIONS. The waffles had a cream cheese drizzle and a strawberry syrup that was AMAZING. My girl's Shrimp and Grits were delicious as they added the perfect amount of spice and cheese to that great Gravy they put over the Shrimp. We ordered a side of Mac and Cheese to share and taste and it was good also. I was extremely happy with my service and food here at BQE. I will definitely be back to try some of the other items on their menu.
<review# 24,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2014,11/1/2014,150,187,2,6,8>I had the boxed lunch, with curried chicken salad sandwich, and chips, a cookie, and grapes.  My focus is on the curried chicken salad, its really good.  Problem with chicken salad is finding the balance between savory and sweet.  It swings either too savory or overly sweet.  The curry chicken was light not overpowering which happens often when using curry. The grapes balance it out.  I read the menu saying it contains pecans, but I didn't taste any.  Good I didn't because I'm allergic to pecans.  Nothing else stood out besides the chicken salad but the deserts look tasty.
<review# 25,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2014,10/31/2014,136,115,3,12,8>I pass by Al-Amin at least once a week, as I go to farmer's market and white windmill every week. At first I only noticed their grocery market and in fact I went there to buy some goat meat, which I will say quite fresh and tender and reasonably priced. Only upon entering the supermarket I have realized, attached to it is their restaurant as well. And i'm so glad I did. Al-Amin is a Bengali/Bangladeshi restaurant that serves mix of Bengali(cuisine from the western state of India called West Bengal) and Bangladeshi food. The owners of this restaurant are Bangladeshis, so you can count on authentic, homestyle food from this place. Buford highway has two other Bangladeshi eateries - Panahar and Bismillah cafe. Al-Amin is not a full service restaurant as Panahar nor just a take-out place like Bismillah cafe. Instead they have opted for simple, order-eat-go style. So you pick your food from the menu(or appetizers inside glass display), pay for it and eat or take it to-go. They have about 4 tables with 4 chairs each and two bar tables with two chairs each for eating at the restaurant.So few of our friends decided to check the restaurant other day and ordered these items.1) Samosas - both vegetable & chicken2) Chotpoti - Popular roadside Bengali dish made mainly of chickpeas, potato and tamarind tangy-sweet sauce.3) Beef boti Kabob4) Biriyanis(chicken & Goat)5) Curries - both Egg, chicken and beef curry.6) Chana Masala - dish made of chickpeas, usually eaten along with naan/bread or rice. 7) Muglai Paratha - this dish that reminds me of 'Roti telur' in Malaysian restaurants, except here it is a deep-fried bread stuffed with scrambled eggs, onions and spiced mildly.We liked both chicken and vegetable Samosas but we preferred vegetable samosa's better. Also it would be a sin to go this eatery and not try chotpoti - a Potato, chickpeas and sweet-tangy tamarind sauce delicious goodness. Both chicken and goat biriyani were tasty with enough pieces of meats and not greasy at all.Egg, chicken and beef curries were made in proper curry style, not in some sweet & greasy sauce that some non-authentic Indian restaurant makes these days. And all these curries are just below $6. That, I would say, a great deal.Now for things we didn't like - The beef boti kabob we got was completely dry and some pieces were burnt so much that it was bitter. Also I found chana masala to be very bland and not so flavorful. I should mention the service at Al-Amin. For a restaurant of this style, the lady at the counter was very polite, prompt, very helpful and best of all, always smiling. When we queried about the menu, she suggested some of their must-try. In my opinion, this is what makes a restaurant experience from ordinary to extra-ordinary. I was only going to give them four-stars but they deserve an extra star for their customer service.Al-Amin is yet another one in growing list of little gems in Buford Highway.Five stars.
<review# 26,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2014,10/30/2014,183,188,4,6,6>When you have juicy burger on the brain, you should just come here! This is definitely one my list of top burger joints.  What I really love is that for sure, I can get my burger exactly the way I want it.  The beef is 100% grass fed, but they specialize in other burgers too...bison, turkey, veggie, chicken...even a gluten-free vegan burger if that's what your in to.  So step up to the register, pick your burger style, then choose your bun.  Then pick through a plethora of toppings and sauces.  My only gripe is that your burger can quickly become ultra expensive with just a few toppings and sheesh, paying $1 for a few jalapeño slices...I can buy a whole jalapeño for 11 cents in the grocery store...cha-ching, cha-ching.  Ketchup, mustard, and mayo are free and all the other sauces (there's about 20 to choose from) are 50 cents. My order...beef burger med-rare (heck yeah! Medium rare!), white bun, cheddar, bacon, jalapeños, and Mississippi Mop BBQ!  When you check in, you get a free side--unfortunately my cashier forgot to use mine after we talked about it, so make sure you remind them when you are paying.  Sweet potato fries are incredible and how cute that they are served in this little silver fry basket. Grab your Coke or Margarita and go sit outside on the bar overlooking Highland Ave--great for people watching and best place to be if you are by yourself.  The whole staff was sooooo nice! I felt very appreciated to be there and they seem to love their job.  They seem to share my excitement in it being my first time at YEAH!  Next time, I have to try this Fig & Goat Cheese Burger...arugala, fig jam, caramelized onions, and goat cheese...That sounds like a party in my mouth!  So yeah, I am now a new mega fan of YEAH! and scored my YEAH! points card to prove it.
<review# 27,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2014,10/29/2014,157,447,1,7,4>It's been almost four years since I wrote my Yelp review of Bone's. After a recent dinner there to celebrate a friend's birthday, I'm happy to say Bone's remains one of Atlanta's top dining destinations.Not much has changed since 2010, except prices have inched upward in the intervening years. They still mix a great martini at the bar, but if you want vermouth you have to ask for it. Strange for an old-school establishment, but I assume they're catering to their regular clientele. At least now I know to be more specific with my cocktail order.As for the food, it's still excellent, and they can accommodate gluten free diners. Be sure to let your server know if you have food allergies. They'll have to make a few adjustments if you order one of their signature steaks, as "the paint" used to baste the meat contains gluten. I opted for the lamb chops, and they were just as delicious without it. (And at 22 oz., I got three meals out of them.) Added bonus -- the hash browns, creamed spinach, and mushrooms are all gluten free. So is the Bone's salad!But the reason I so love Bone's - the flawless service - remains the cornerstone of this fine restaurant. Whether my next visit is tomorrow or another four years from now, I'll know what to expect. It's simply the best steakhouse we have in our little town.
<review# 28,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2014,10/28/2014,35,114,5,6,5>Poor Calvin?!? There's nothing poor about him at all! He is such a gracious and humble host, as well as a talented and creative cook. I love how he uses normal ingredients, extracts their flavors and complement them with other ingredients. The lovely, artistic presentation is an added bonus. I want to give this a 4.5 star rating just so I can find an excuse to come back to give it a 5 star next time.We started with the duck foie gras, toasted bread, and red wine lavender jelly. The jelly was a pleasing, slightly sweet addition to the appetizer. Talk about a smorgasbord of flavors and consistency!We also got the steamed mussels in creamy lemongrass broth, with toasted bread. That broth is for soaking and slurping! We didn't even wait to ask for spoons, we used the mussel shells to scoop up that delicious sweet and sour broth! Yummm!Entree 1: Grilled lamb rack with kale mashed potatoes, asparagus, Thai curry. One of the most tender, flavorful lamb I have ever eaten. I would have been happy to not share!Entree 2: Red grouper thai curry with seasonal vegetables, jasmine rice. The grouper was lightly fried and topped the curry. Curry was light and did not make the fish soggy. The group gobbled that fish so quickly, it didn't even get a chance to soak up the curry.Entree 3: Lobster fried rice. I'm not a big fan of lobster and the fried rice was a bit salty for my taste. Other than this, Chef Calvin can do no wrong!Entree 4: Chef's special- Trout stuffed with crab cakes and topped with lobster. Lobster was succulent, tender, and flavorful. This dish earned my respect and trust of the chef. I cannot wait to come back with a group for the omakase dinner! As an added bonus, the bartender happened to walk by as I said I did not want an overly sweet drink with powdered flavors. He advised me to give him a chance to make a mango, passion fruit punch. I am glad to accept his invitation. The drink is light, refreshing, nonalcoholic (as requested), and not too sweet! I look forward to coming back and asking what else he would be willing to conjure!**UPDATE: If I can give this place 6 stars, I would! I've been back a couple of times for lunch, each time recruiting more coworkers to try and love the food. The most recent experience is the Omakase experience and it was worth every penny! I will definitely be back. Review on the omakase dinner to come....!
<review# 29,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2014,10/27/2014,90,95,9,9,9>When the Cookie Studio moved out, I was downtrodden.  They had my fave cookies, cupcakes, and brownies, and if they moved to stupid Buckhead then I'd never see them again.  I was real mad, and I knew whoever moved in would have big shoes to fill.  Imagine my utter delight when I found out La Calavera would be moving in!  HOLYYYYYY ESSSSS!!!  I'd visited them many times at the weekly markets around town, but having them within walking distance of my work?  LUCKIEST GIRL ALIVE RIGHT HERE!I have been by probably 5 times since they opened on 3/1.  I have come by twice in one day, in fact!  I've had a loaf of sourdough (which they gladly sliced for me!) that was life-changing, half a dozen mini chocolate babkas, two chocolate cream horns, and two olive dinner rolls with a fancy name that I can't remember right now.  Every single thing is amazing.  Seriously.  Like, YDFM has some aiiiight bread.  I eat it on the reg, and I love it!  But LC's bread is on a whole 'nother level, y'all.  Eating their bread is like bread nirvana!The chocolate babkas are dense and chewy but soft and chocolatey and cinnamony and addictive.  The sourdough is actually sour and makes great toast and perfect grilled cheese. The chocolate cream horns are my new favorite dessert, even more than cookies or brownies.  The croissants are all flaky bits of heaven.  Even, I assume, the (blech) mushroom ones.  The dinner rolls I had tonight were the highlight of my dinner.  In fact I had one with dinner and skipped ice cream and had another roll for dessert, which is UNHEARD OF.If you're going to the farmers market and normally get bread there, skip the hell out of it.  Come to La Calavera instead.  You'll be so glad you did.  Until your pants don't fit and you switch to skirts.  Then everything is golden.
<review# 30,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2014,10/26/2014,179,339,3,7,5>Met a couple of friends here for cocktails on a Friday evening.  We like to sit at the bar and upon walking in I spotted three seats on the curve of the bar and thought score!  Then was told that you have to reserve seats at the bar.  Okay, not a problem as I was still waiting for my other two cohorts.We sat on the patio which is very cool in itself as far as being in an alley way - felt a bit European to me.  We all ordered the Dr. Cocktail, a rum based drink, and it was an excellent choice.  About half way through our second cocktail we were told three seats were available at the bar so we moved inside.  Basically, we wanted to get the feel of the vibe on this touted cool new spot.  Pretty cool sleek yet retro atmosphere.The service was a bit spotty on the patio but not at the bar.  I look forward to coming back to this gem!
<review# 31,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2014,10/25/2014,28,210,2,5,7>I went here around 6:30 on a recent Friday night after hearing about this place forever. It wasn't packed at all. I ended up getting the Biscuit and Three, which allowed me to pick three different sides. I selected the braised kale, pimento mac and cheese, and garlic smashed potatoes. (Yes, smashed. Not mashed.) Our food came out QUICK. Like, in less than 10 minutes. Everything was really damn good, and even though my portions looked small it filled me up. Our waiter was really polite.I would definitely come here again.
<review# 32,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2014,10/24/2014,13,5,7,7,8>A decent neighborhood go-to, particularly if walkable. If not, they have ample parking. Cool chill ambiance; I'd say it's "elegant hipster", if that is actually something.  The food is good, and while not cheap, it's not expensive either. Here are a few recommended items:Shoyu Tomago (a high quality soy-marinated soft boiled egg, served broken over a rice cake that is both crispy and soft). This dish is so popular they recently raised the price from steal ($3) to fair ($4). Kale salad. I'm not a huge kale fan, but this one, with its toasted coconut is refreshingly good. I've ordered it several times. For both the Shrimp Shumai, and Gyoza (pan fried or steamed pork dumplings), when dipped into the accompanying sauce, the flavors build and progress throughout finishing the dish. Crab noodle. It has very good flavor, even with what I'd call a serious lack of actual crab in the dish. Perhaps ask if they can add crab for a few extra bucks. The steamed buns (all of them, but particularly the crispy duck skin) are a good $4 bite. The cocktails and beer, while good or better, are too expensive in my opinion. They'd do better mixing in a few cheaper options for both. This would help them drive more volume, get more people in the door, and keep better staff from leaving. The food is a 4-4.5; The service can at times be a 3-3.5.  I like that the kitchen on weeknights stays open a little later than many Inman park restaurants (10:30 food / 11:30 drinks). Overall -- worth trying out.
<review# 33,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2014,10/23/2014,73,47,4,3,8>Okay this place changes lives with their selection of hand crafted doughnuts. Sublime is precisely right. The strawberries and creme donut was out of this world. It's a simple enough combination, but the explosion of flavor in your mouth is anything but simple;  you absolutely have not lived until you have had at least one.  While I haven't tried all the varieties, I suspect they are equally as delectable as the ones I have tried. This place has instantly become one of my favorites, and is on the way to becoming a Saturday morning tradition. I will be introducing everyone I know to Sublime because it is truly an experience everyone must have at least once...
<review# 34,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2014,10/22/2014,71,57,2,8,6>A car wash is not just a car wash, especially when you're talking about Lighthouse Express Car Wash!  I took my dirty, old Mazda3 there and they had it looking like new when I drove away.  The automated system when you arrive is easy to use.  Select the wash that you want, ride through the car wash, and then let their friendly employees take it from there.  Yes, I said friendly employees.  I hate going to a car wash where everyone working there hates their job.  I don't like that negative energy.  Employees exhibit positive energy at Lighthouse Express and they actually smile!After riding through the car wash, the employees payed attention to detail (pun intended) on both the interior and exterior of my ride.  I was extremely pleased with the cleanliness of my car after my wash, especially for the price.  Its a great value!  My gas tank might be on 'E,' but at least I'm riding clean!
<review# 35,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2014,10/21/2014,53,42,9,9,5>This place is completely hard to find, but a gem.  It was very upscale and trendy. The hours are a little weird, but it was definitely a nice night.  The pizza was very delish, the drinks were kinda pricey, but the experience/atmosphere was awesome!  You select songs from an iPad, you order food from an iPad, and its too bad everyone else at my table wasn't more excited.  If you are ADD this place is going to completely overwhelm you.  I'd go back, just to take more pictures of myself in the bathroom.
<review# 36,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2014,10/20/2014,19,850,4,6,3>This salon totally calms me down...unlike other salons, it's not a chaotic mess of hair dryers, fluorescent lighting, and hairdresser conversations, but it's a serene sanctuary of an industrial loft space with natural light (especially when the sun is out).  Ben & J.J. described the look and feel perfectly- Anthropologie in a salon setting.  And as you all know, I love me some Anthropologie hipster vibe.  Jenn is a cool cat without being intimidating...she's very laid back and chats with you just enough while working on my hair (perfect balance between too chatty and not talking at all).  I feel like I can trust her to do what my hair needs, without me having to micromanage or over-describe.Plenty of free parking so you don't have to worry about parking tickets or walking too far in the rain or humidity and having your salon 'do ruined....I park at the very far end of the Studioplex building. Only negative is that the appointments go fast because Jenn is very popular.  But at least I can make appointments over email!
<review# 37,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2014,10/19/2014,115,115,3,9,4>Let me tell you guys how much I freaking love my lashes. I get waxed at Sweet Peach, and noticed this place next door, the owner also owns Highland Blow Bar right next door. I decided to treat myself since they told me that they had a deal on here for lashes as I was getting my hair blown. It's a very cute boutique-like studio, which is ironic because the owner used to own Melrose boutique that occupied this same location. I was whisked away by Kevin into the first room there. It appeared to be about three rooms that they are able to work out of. He assessed my current lashes and asked what look I was going for. I told him that I wanted something a full and kinda long, but natural looking. He explained the different types of lashes that they offered and I decided on the silk bc they are light, and I don't need anything else bothering my eyes other than my contacts. I put some booties onto my shoes, since I opted to keep on my shoes, and he got to work.      The entire process took about an hour and a half. I didn't experience any discomfort or irritation at all during the process, nor after. I wish I would have taken pic of my lashes before, so that you can see the difference. My lashes aren't very long, and I hate using mascara or strips to get the look that I want. Now I can get these, and just wake up looking beautiful!! LOL I was told to come back about 3-4 weeks from my appointment to get them filled back in. It really just depends on how quickly my own natural lashes grow out. I'm so happy that I can now conveniently get my hair blown, lashes filled, nails done, and vag snatched all in the same area. Oh they do makeup applications here as well.
<review# 38,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2014,10/18/2014,102,395,1,6,7>When  my bff told me that we had a reservation for Two Urban Licks, I wasn't overjoyed.  The menu didn't really appeal to me.  But....We entered (had a reservation) and were promptly seated in a comfy booth in a very busy spot :}  Oh well, we can people watch.  Fortunately, we had the best server ever.  Malik knew the food and drink menu so well, that we felt confident in our menu choices.We started with the salmon chip and calamari appetizers. The salmon chips were VERY hearty and amazing.  The calamari was delicious and more than plentiful.  The appetizers were huge.  We stopped eating them about half way through and had them packaged.  We knew we wouldn't be able to eat our entrees if we ate any more of the appetizersI ordered the scallop and grits dish and OH MY GOODNESS, I love food, but I can't usually eat much.  I ate all my scallops, half the calamari and salmon chips.  I was so stuffed that I couldn't breathe.  My bff had the bistro steak.  Everything was amazingly delicious.Our order of two appetizers, two medium wines, two entrees and a tip totaled almost $180, but for once in my life, this expensive meal was almost worth the guilt I'm going to have to deal with for a week.OH YEAH!  Love the bathrooms.  Enough bathrooms with private sinks and toilets.  LOVE THAT!The noise level is high, but if you sit on the patio facing the Belt Line at sunset, it will be tolerable.  I forgive the valet parking (I'm Clark Howard kind of cheap about stuff like this) and the noisy atmosphere.  The service and the food quality are some of the best I have experienced in Atlanta.  So glad that this place is only a few blocks from my house
<review# 39,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2014,10/17/2014,24,108,3,9,5>This place can seem rather enchanting albeit eclectic and kitschy and a tad at the end of the rabbit hole.I came here with a few friends a very long time ago... when high tea walk ins were a mild exception. Maybe it was a good day? We weasled in for that high tea though and partook in a decadent visual foray of scones, tea cookies, and finger sandwiches accompanied by cream, honey, jam, and lemon slices all for a pretty penny. It was fun though, and we all really enjoyed ourselves.Now reservations are the new thing to do.. or else. Which is fine, but don't go in expecting a relaxing afternoon with a spot in the light on a weekend. Doomed to Dr. Bombay's shadows slinking and stalking before someone dare relinquish their coveted spot. Yes, you, cheeky man with laptop hovering between the table for four and the couch in the corner by the piano. That said... there isn't much light and the couches in the front room aren't all that comfy. There is also an outdoor area, but fear of being forgotten feels as a likely scenario. Hmm.All their cups and tea pots are mismatched providing you chaos.This place has added a lot to their menu since that first venture. Their frappes are pretty tasty and they have some alright samosas. All in all this place is a tea shop and the teas have never dissatisfied.
<review# 40,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2014,10/16/2014,45,150,5,4,3>I enjoy this place immensely. Whether you want a private meal or feel like conversing with your server, the service is always on point. I say this place reminds me of a coastal italian restaurant, not only because of the decorum but the food as well. The lasagna is something special, but they have a plethora of healthy fish options. I love the artwork. Except for that one with the faces as you walk to the restroom in the back on the left hand side. That one freaks.me.out. They offer (brunch) specials of, $5.00 for the first Bloody Mary, with $3.00 for refills. And you know what, that's how it should be. America.
<review# 41,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2014,10/15/2014,42,57,2,15,12>I work in Tech Square, so I can bop over on my lunch break for an express mani or pedi anytime. Prices are reasonable, staff is SO nice, and this place is ridiculously clean. Plus, they have great colors. Obviously important. So far I haven't had an issue getting in, but I would almost suggest making an appt just bc I have a feeling this place is really going to catch on.
<review# 42,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2014,10/14/2014,180,277,3,7,6>Great little coffee shop in Decatur, within walking distance of multiple restaurants and fun venues. When we came in Memorial Day Weekend, the AC seemed to have been defective... So the fan was on full blast (so at least there was that...). I ordered a medium iced chai to reach the credit card charge minimum. It was good, although a little light on the chai for my tastes. It seemed like the milk and ice watered it down slightly. I came here a few years back for food, and the food is very fresh. I'll need to stop in again for an extended visit (more than just a drop-in) for coffee and food. I noticed a wine bar in the back for some more fun, although it wasn't open at the time. Small fliers were offering a wine tasting a couple weeks down the road. So yes, you will see me again very soon...
<review# 43,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2014,10/13/2014,195,365,7,13,10>There isn't really anything negative I can say about Stone Soup Kitchen. Casually rolled in for a brunch on their patio and was quite impressed to say the least.Hip patio, solid tunes from Stevie Wonder to Skynyrd. Our server was pretty dope as well - cool young guy. Diverse crowd, just like you would expect from Grant Park: hipsters, young families, older folks.Snagged the Gambler's Sandwich - - some sort of BLT with two fried eggs on some solid sourdough...I was pleasantly pleased with this selection.Definitely heading back, this was actually my first time. I really want to hit that French Onion soup they have = = = only available M-F.Parking is a little dodgy as the space is minimal, but once your in the atmosphere takes over.
<review# 44,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2014,10/12/2014,77,166,9,9,9>Wow.Let me say that again... only slower. WoowoW...Best lunch option near Decatur Square. Imaginative soups and salads. (Had the Spinach/Chickpea soup with Thai Salad). Came with a grain roll and cookie.Great taste, quality ingredients, and healthy portions. Be prepared to spend $12-15, but you can stretch it into two meals.
<review# 45,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2014,10/11/2014,7,266,5,5,4>A friend of mine brought me here after talking about how good and unique their menu was, so I was excited to try something new.  I can with ease that it was a fantastic food exploration, and I'd love to see a place like this truly flourish, succeed and expand.Firstly, the location is right near the edge that separates Downtown from Midtown.  If there's anywhere to park for free in the remote area anymore, I don't have the slightest clue since Park Atlanta seems to have put numbered spots and meters on just about every inch of pavement in the city now, so needless to say, if you see parking right out front on Peachtree St, might as well go and take it, because you'll be paying to park anywhere else.Entering their business, it's clean and modern, and kind of like an oasis of class and care, compared to the litany of run down buildings surrounding the area.  The seating is pretty much all communal seating, and there's not a tremendous amount of it, so if you go on a peak time, you might be sitting next to complete strangers.Anyway, everyone who worked there was as polite and inviting as can be.  Even if the food weren't that great, I'm often inclined to want to return to support businesses run by people who are good to their customers, and Ocean Market left a glowing impression on me with how they treat people.Fortunately, on top of the friendly welcoming atmosphere, the food was pretty excellent.  Unique was a good description, because their menu was a litany of non-tacos, non-TexMex, and non-burgers that pretty much saturate the rest of the city's dining options.  Crepes, being the most notable of unique options, because I can probably count on one hand where else crepes (of quality) could actually be found that I'm aware of.But from a place with "Ocean" in the name, it put me in the mood for something seafood-y, and when I saw a smoked salmon club sandwich listed, I had to have it.  A sandwich with a side salad (I'm trying to watch my girlish figure, otherwise, I'd have gone with chips), for just about $10.  No complaints with price, either.And when the sandwich arrived, everything about it was perfect.  The bread was crispy without sandpapering your gums, and every bite was a great variety of flavors, but deftly not overpowering the taste of the salmon itself.  Seriously, the club had bacon in it, as any club sandwich really should, but even the bacon _worked_ with the flavor of the salmon, instead of overpowering it outright.  AND it was a very generous portion.The salad was of a mixed greens variety, and was tossed well, as to get a little bit of tangy vinaigrette dressing on every bit of it.  A hair too much red onion for my preference, but it was still a fantastic side dish.But overall, Ocean Market is a five-star in my opinion, as easy as they come.  The food was excellent, the service was warm, welcoming and friendly, and I always want people who take good care of customers to succeed.  If I still worked in the SunTrust building, this place would easily be a walking distance go-to kind of place, but it's going to have to be an occasional treat kind of place instead.  However, they do deliver, to those who might work within reasonable distance to them, although I'm not sure of what the criteria is.Anyway, five stars, would come back again, easily.
<review# 46,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2014,10/10/2014,85,68,4,10,10>I can't believe a place like this is located in Atlanta. It was a beautiful Friday spring evening, around 7:30 PM so we sat on the covered patio. The entire meal I felt like I was away in an exotic location enjoying fresh food and drinks next to the beach. I was honestly sad not to feel sand between my toes once we left. The band start inside at 8pm. Being on the patio was perfect because we could hear the music but not so loudly that we couldn't hear each other. It was all instrumental, no singer, which was nice. I got a "hand-picked" Scoutmob deal that was good for 4 tapas, 2 mojitos, and 1 dessert. We informed the waiter who said it was a $55 dollar value and that we didn't HAVE to get those things, but rather had a $55 credit! So cool! So, he talked us into one of their special drinks, CAIPIRINHAS. They were pretty strong. I would have gone with a mojito instead next time, but didn't hate the Caipirinhas. For tapas we got: Barillas de Pollo (chicken skewers served with delicious plantains), Empanada de Pollo (chicken empanada), Queso Frito (fried goat cheese balls), Costillas Espanolas (ribs in a balsamic reduction). My friend and I oohed and awwed over everything. Not a single complaint, it was ALL delicious! Finally we got the Chocolate Turtle Cake for dessert. The icing on the cake, no pun intended. So so sooooo good! I cannot wait to go back to Loca-Luna for an amazing atmosphere, good service and beyond delicious food!
<review# 47,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2014,10/9/2014,691,368,5,10,9>BEST INDIAN FOOD IN ATLANTA. From the garlic naan to the lamb saag. I've been here 3(x) and I have no desire to go anywhere else. I've tried so many places in Atlanta and nothing compares. I also recently got back from India and this place has the most authentic type of Indian cuisine. The staff is friendly and the food is amazing. Plenty of free parking in the lot. Enjoy!
<review# 48,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/4/2014,10/8/2014,11,57,3,11,8>Bartaco is an airy, stylish restaurant, "inspired by beach culture around the world." Living up to it's website description, the vibe is relaxed, with a hint of the upscale, and boasts spacious, open seating adjoining a beautiful, outdoor patio. The food was well-prepared with fresh ingredients, and service was welcoming and helpful. My group of 4 enjoyed our meal, and felt like we'd escaped to a restaurant by the sea during a vacation dinner. Although the food was good overall, we felt slightly underwhelmed by some flavors, and prices added up quickly (but hey, it's tapas).Chips & salsa verde ($3) are served as three fried, corn tortillas that you can break apart yourself--along with the salsa this was fresh and tasty, but small for sharing. Grilled corn (w/lime, cayenne, & cotija cheese) was delicious, albeit slightly too cheesy (but it's easy to brush away the crumbled cotija if you find it overwhelming). Sesame ribeye tacos were outstanding, best of all I tried, along with the duck taco. Chicken taco was good (and saucy), as was the portabello w/queso fresco. Chicken rice bowl was also good, with nicely sauced chicken (same chicken from the tacos) and colorful, julienne peppers & red onion atop perfectly cooked brown rice ($7). The half rotisserie chicken ($8), although well-cooked and very juicy, was rather bland. The mushroom mole tamale ($5) was also a bit bland (although tamales do typically lean to the bland side, in my opinion). Of everything we tried, these were our least favorite and I wouldn't order them again.Bartaco offers plenty of options, from baja fish to wild boar tacos. They range from $2.50 to $3.50 each, or slightly less if you purchase a set of three. Sides are $2.50, or $7 for three, and include options like the aforementioned grilled corn, chipotle slaw, and spicy cucumber salad.Drinks looked tasty, but I only tried the Spindrift sparkling soda ($3.75/bottle): blackberry & mango orange are both good. But don't expect a sugary, high-fructose-corn-syrup blast, because these sodas are made with cane sugar and have pleasantly mellow flavors.Spiced chocolate pudding ($5) was a good, but unremarkable dessert. A healthy portion of chocolate pudding, topped with fresh whipped cream and hazelnut crumble (tasty but reminiscent of granola). I'd return to Bartaco to enjoy the ambience and try some different flavors, bearing in mind that the prices add up (obviously, it's tapas). As noted, service was excellent, with management warmly inquiring about our experience, and comment cards provided to leave comments or suggestions for this newly-opened (and beautifully designed) addition to West Midtown.
<review# 49,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2014,10/7/2014,69,62,2,7,6>I went to the grand opening of this restaurant and although it wasn't the actual menu the food was awesome. Sexy atmosphere and great crowd. I'm really excited for the actual opening so i can get some steak! The owner is really cool, friendly, and accommodating. I will definitely be coming here a lot!
<review# 50,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/1/2014,10/6/2014,128,114,5,9,8>Soooo I've now been to this place 3times and last night was by far my best experience here. I'll tell you why I've continued to come BEFORE reviewing COZUMEL's#1. It's newly opened - Like 2 months #2. Food was good; seasoned well#3. Warm decor (I LOVE THE LIGHTING FIXTURES!!!! When I buy an ATLANTA home I can see my home having a few of the lighting fixtures that are hung in the center of the restaurant)#4. Menu priced very reasonable for Mexican food#5. Nicely proportioned foodMy 1st time here I was on lunch and I had a chimichanga plate & my boo had taco plate. Not sure why they serve each taco on a different plate but, uhhhh ok if they like making more dishes to wash alright. One plate w/all 3 tacos on it would have sufficed. . I liked my chimichanga's but, my boo thought his tacos were just ok. Thing 1 thing that did bother me was...while on lunch attempting to have a serious conversation w/my boo we KEPT BEING INTERRUPTED by our waitress. I promise every time we got to the nitty gritty of our topic...(ping) here's the waitress again! I promise...no lie...this waitress must of came over like 12times which in an 1 1/2time period. Even my boo was like, you right she has come over here too many times.  My 2nd time here was last Friday, which a coworker & I shared some salsa/chips, then chicken nachos & a $22 pitcher of margarita. Oddly, again like 2.5hrs being there, the waitress KEPT COMING ASKING IF WE WERE OK OR NEEDED ANYTHING ELSE! 3rd visit last night was fun!!! So fun...I flaked on my boo & stayed here w/friends.Ohhpss! Anywho...had a Blue Cucuao Margarita it was ok, didn't really taste the alcohol so, ordered a side of Ciroc shots. Enjoyed their fresh chips/salsa. We wasn't even hunger however, once a server attempted to deliver a 3 plates to our table...seeing the scrumptious shrimp tacos w/the shrimp about to jump on our table made our stomach grlllll!  So my girl orders steak fajitas & boy did they look delicious! I tried one and ummmm was the meat good; perfectly seasoned too! So we then ordered a chicken fajita and it was perfectly cooked also! I must say...this was my best encounter here yet! Not sure if it was because, I sat to the right side of the restaurant at a table behind the bar OR if it was because, I had a male waiter...?But this waiter #40 KILVER didn't overly serve our table. Yet he came over an appropriate amount of times to serve us & when it got a busy...we didn't mind getting his attention to order something else. GREAT CUSTOMER SERVICE MR. KILVER...I WANT YOU AS MY DEDICATED SERVER.  And if your not on duty my next visit...I still want a guy to serve me & seat me to the right side of the restaurant. LOLNote: I'm normally not irritated by waitress or waiters however, I think whoever is the manager here is a stickler on their staff to "make sure their staff KEEPS checking on the customers" which is OVER DONE and not what us CUSTOMERS WANT! All we want is to enjoy a great meal, let the tastebuds sink in, absorb the atmosphere and not fell over attended to & disturbed while dining. Besides if your gone away too long & I need something else...rest for sure I know how to get your attention. For this very reason...I pray that the managers reads this 1st review because, I really want to see this change & more success for them for years to come so, I will continue to visit. Again, they do have a good thing going so far with being fresh on the scene & might I add...THIS IS THE BEST  THING GOING ON...ON OLD NATIONAL HWY. so, welcome to the neighborhood & keep up the GREAT FOOD!  Yelp, yelp!
<review# 51,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2014,10/5/2014,74,119,6,3,6>I've been a fan of this SCK location for a few years. We've mostly gone for dinner but recently tried their brunch for the first time on Father's Day.GOUDA FRITTERS. Ya'll, gouda fritters. GOU-DA, FRIT-TERS. We had that for an app and those thangs are still calling me. Fried, cheesy goodness. With a wonderful General Lee honey sauce. Scrumptious! I had the buttermilk fried chicken and malted waffle which I was very pleased with. I don't eat fried chicken too often so it was a treat and so worth it!Service was excellent as always, we've never had a bad server. Everyone is helpful and attentive. You can't go wrong with dinner or brunch.p.s. g.o.u.d.a f.r.i.t.t.e.r.s
<review# 52,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2014,10/4/2014,53,12,9,9,7>After driving around for a good hour or so looking for that perfect spot that will hit all the cravings and knock you back on your feet after an intense night of drinking, we finally pulled up to La Urbana. Being Mexican, I always go into Tex-Mex places with low expectations. ( let me reassure you, this is the real deal)As we walked in we were greeted by our server (Kevin) friendly, welcoming, and very helpful. He seated us down and gave us a little inside on the restaurant. We took a few seconds and we proceeded with our order.The first thing I noticed of course was the drink menu . (Tequila my friends. Is responsible for not remembering my 21st birthday, as well as my 22nd, 23rd,  a little of my 24th...and 25th). I ordered myself a Tecate to get things moving; upon its arrival I noticed I got the full package, Kevin explained to me that this is not the way it's normally served but available upon request. The can was rimmed with salt, hot sauce neatly poured on the lid with a lime peeking out of the spout. Delish!On to the food:All together we ordered the ceviche, three different tacos, their enchilada with mole, and the crepas de pollo. We were also served a complementary shot of their "jugo de carne" which is basically a flavored beef broth - not what I'm use to in - it being in shot glasses - but never the less, delish. I really enjoyed everything we order. The tacos were amazing, a bit pricy for if you know exactly where to go on Buford Highway ($1 Tacos!!); the enchiladas, were my favorite for every time I bit into them, flashes of my childhood flashes before my eyes and I could see mother hand making the tortillas in the kitchen while mi hermano and I ran around the fields chasing chickens.. (Not exactly, as I was born in Atlanta, but can you just picture it?) La Urbana has very quickly become my favorite restaurant on the Westside - definitely my favorite Mexican joint (outside of BuHi) - I hope it's here to stay. And did I mention an old chum of mine painted that mural? Small world.
<review# 53,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2014,10/3/2014,19,59,3,9,9>For years the Lenox mall has suffered from a lack of  enticing sit down food options..many spots at the Peachtree front lay vacant for years. This has definitely changed now with the new entry of several spots on the front row.  We read about this place and actually ventured out on a Saturday night to the MALL to eat...this never happens!  This concept is not like anything else in Atlanta..very forward thinking for the south. You walk in and feel a west coast vibe with a truly beautiful build out. The kitchen is completely exposed and the bar is busy making fresh juices. Yes they juice fresh for every day and do not keep anything for the next day! Kudos to the managers who staffed this place perfectly for an opening week. they did not chance anything on a clumsy new place experience. We sat at the bar and the bartenders explained the background and provided some recommendations . We started with a Summer salad that was so fresh and delicious. You can actually ask the servers the breakdown of sourcing for each food item. Produce that is local or not..fish from where etc? The food is healthy and fresh and not masked with an over pour of salt and garlic. The freshness speaks for itself and you feel good about eating anything off this menu. Few side notes...the crowd was definitely pulled out of the pretty people pool. In shape and perfectly composed. They appeared to eat this clean style of food every day..so I guess the award is deserved! If you are hungry for a big burger food coma meal this is properly not the place for you...but a few steps down is Cheesecake Factory. The complete opposite...
<review# 54,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2014,10/2/2014,89,145,8,10,6>GREAT place for lunch!! Giving it 4 Star bc there is NO direction. I came in did not really know where to go to stand in line. People seemed to be just as confused as I. I got the menu late in line so I did not have a chance to read the whole thing, but I their house salad (FANTASTIC it had a curry vinaigrette) and their house made calzone. OH that calzone! Buttery, gooey with fresh ricotta and mozzarella. It was not greasy, the tomato sauce along side it was not salty. IT WAS PERFECTION! Do not get me started on their cronut! Why has NO one ever created this before. Oh it was delicious. I had one with a raspberry filling. Worth the extra 2 mile run!!! Love that you can go outside and sit. Food comes out QUICKLY.
<review# 55,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2014,10/1/2014,454,253,5,7,6>(much longer version of this review also posted to my phood blog) The Nook on Piedmont Park is located at 1144 Piedmont Ave NE - the venue is billed as a neighborhood tavern but the food is much more unusual in origin and presentation. The Nook has most of the trappings of a sports bar with multiple flat panel TVs, a large covered patio, a large bar including 13 beers on tap, and food offerings that are mostly organic and locally grown.We arrived at the Nook about 10:00 PM and by this time I believe we were about done with drinking. The interior was very tavern-ish and reminded me of some of those bars/pubs you see in Daytona Beach - flashback city! We set up shop on the patio in front of a huge TV and ordered drinks and snacks including two fishbowls and two different tater-tots.The Fishbowl is a whole gallon of mixed drink served in a spherical, clear "fishbowl" plastic bucket, served with multiple "jumbo" straws so a group of 4-6 can all share in the same drink. We ordered two different, one was tart and citrusy and the other was more like a vodka/cranberry. These were way over the top and really, it was much more alcohol than what we should have attempted.We also ordered two different tater-tot dishes that the Nook calls "Totchos" - the Nacho Totchos and the Buffalo Chicken Totchos. The food was quite good and the service fantastic. We sat for a bit and I tried like hell to finish one of those fishbowls (the tart one) - I managed to drink about half before being too full to continue.In all, loved the place, the atmosphere and service. I hope to return and try that gigantic Bloody Mary and a burger.
<review# 56,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2014,9/30/2014,16,91,9,11,10>I came here with some friends on a Friday night for Girl's Night Out.  It seems to be the hot new restaurant in town in that people were still being seated at crowded tables even at 10pm.  The only "problem" I had was valet although it wasn't so much a problem as it's more a gripe on tackiness.  When the valet greeted me, he said, "Valet is $2 plus tip."  Stay classy...  I'm sure he could see the look of shock on my face.  I was planning to tip, but to have a valet tell me so blatantly that it was necessary....it made me uneasy in that maybe he thought by looking at me that I was the type who wouldn't tip.  It was kinda appalling for such an upscale restaurant with upscale clientele.  My friend told me that the valet said the same thing to her.  She also noted the long, awkward pause after his statement while he stood there staring at her so she said, "Sooooo....are you asking for gratuity upfront??"  He replied, "No, you'll tip me later."  Not sure if the guy has some sort of personality disorder or something, but he was strange.  It made me not want to tip him based on the principle.Anyway, luckily for St. Cecilia, the food was much better than its valet service.  I normally stick to wine and forgo the cocktails.  It's a holdover from my college and early 20's days when I went to dive bars that would serve cocktails with only a hint of the cheapest, bottom shelf rubbing alcohol available and charge $10 for it.  Since I arrived late (thanks Lenox and Peachtree!), one of my friends had already ordered her drink - Barber of Seville.  I tried it.  Not only was it good, but it also had alcohol in it!  I ordered it, and I later ordered a Wooden Ships which was equally as good.My friends and I ordered a bunch of apps and pastas for the whole table to share.  Lamb carpaccio, charred octopus, salt cod arancini, agnolotti and ravioli.  There was not a single item that was only just ok.  All were delicious.  My favorite was the agnolotti.  For dinner, I had the triggerfish.  It was cooked perfectly and melted in my mouth.  We almost didn't do dessert since a few of my friends stated that they're not really into desserts.  We ordered two for the table just to try.  We're glad we did.  We ordered the panna cotta and the tart.  Both were good although I liked the tart more.If you're into people watching, this is THE place to be.  Dirty old men hitting on golddigging 20/30-something year old women at the bar?  Check.  Buckhead Betties with excessive plastic surgery?  Check.  This place has it all....except for a classy valet squad.
<review# 57,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2014,9/29/2014,154,46,2,11,10>I love love love love the Eastside Beltline Trail. I use it up to 3 times a day,  sometimes more. To be honest, my day isn't complete unless I go somewhere via the Beltline.There are so many sites to see on as well as  right off the Beltline Trail.  Always an interesting array of folks, dogs, artwork, events, activities, and more.  Not to mention how very safe it is.I prefer to ride my bike daily right to Inman Park or the Old Fourth Ward, two of my homes away from home.-must get moving now, - so I shall  continue this sooner than later.   -and add more pics.  Always adding pics!   :)
<review# 58,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2014,9/28/2014,84,178,8,5,5>DAT TRUFFLE BUTTER DOE. Seriously. Can you just bring me a straw so I can drink that stuff straight? Never mind it's pure fat and would likely make me sick. It's worth the consequences. On the one hand, the steak doesn't need the butter. It's tender and well-seasoned (maybe just a tad on the salty side, but not enough to bother me) and oh so beautiful. Oh the other hand, when is butter ever a bad idea? (people on cholesterol drugs, don't answer that question)I stick to the filet mignon because I like my steaks rare. And they do it right at Kevin Rathbun Steak. The inside is a deep, lovely red and the meat just melts in my mouth. It doesn't matter how much of the complimentary bread I've had, or how much of the appetizers I've gobbled, I will finish that steak. I may pop like a balloon on the way home, but that steak is leaving the restaurant in my belly and not a to-go box. My SO sticks to the ribeye and it is glorious. Because of the higher fat content, you want a ribeye no colder than medium rare, and on our last visit, my SO noted that medium would have allowed more of the fat to cook into the meat. Like I said, I want my steak mooing, which is why I don't choose the ribeye, even though it's amazingly delicious. I am content to sneak a couple of bites from my dude's. I have sampled the dry aged cowboy ribeye. It was fantastic. I don't think my palate is refined enough to really get the difference between this and the regular ribeye. Or it could be that I only had a small bite of the former. But in any case, certainly a good choice. Let's talk about sides. They come in adorable dishes and are meant to be shared. I loved the jalapeño creamed corn, garlic spinach, risotto, scalloped sweet potatoes, creamed spinach, brussel sprouts, and the twice-baked potato (for which the toppings change daily I think). Actually, those are all of the sides I've ever had here. Sooooo I love them all, I guess is what I'm trying to say. Somehow, I manage to cram dessert in as well. Have not been disappointed. Except for when they told me they were out of the salted caramel bon bons. Sad sad sad. The creamy chocolate coffee bar, however, turned that frown upside down. And then some. If we weren't so stuffed, there probably would have been a fight over the last bite. Wine list is superb. Have only tried one cocktail, the Old Irv, and it was sublime. Guys, I think I'm running out of adjectives, so let me wrap up with some bullet points:- Service is what you'd expect at this price point, although we did wait a bit for our steaks the last time we were here. - Tables surrounding the bar are first come, first served. - There is a giant painting of Kevin Rathbun in the dining area to the right of the host station. It is truly a wonder to behold and everyone should bask in its glory at least once during their visit. - My homeboy KR has two other restaurants/bars on Krog Street. This one is at the very end of Krog. You will dead-end into a parking lot. If you make any turns or if there is any drivable street left, you are not in the right place (however, I hear Rathbun's and Krog Bar are very good, if you want to just give up there).- Also, you're going to have to valet your car. All I need to do now is figure out how to have enough money to eat here every night. In the meantime, I shall dream of you every night until we meet again, my dear Kevin Rathbun Steak.
<review# 59,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/7/2013,9/27/2014,89,78,6,6,4>I'm a fan! Located at the Crowne Plaza  and you can self park- which is always nice. I had a Campari and Soda at the bar but looked up to see that I could have helped myself to a snifter of E & J! Whaaaat? Erk and jerk? Shut up!! That's like having Boones Farm  Strawberry Hill on the wine list! Hilarious! After our cocktails we headed down the stone steps to" The Grotto". Great windows with an amazing view and a live band. Right up my alley! Senior citizens  dancing cheek to cheek to classics.... Think.... "What a wonderful world". .."Lady in Red"   Cheesy? Yes.  Delightful ? Yup!! We had the calamari which was decent and I had the veal with capers, lemon and sun dried tomatoes. Yum yum yum. He had several bites of my veal. SNARL. His swordfish was tasty and I loved that we could make substitutions. The veal came with gnocchi but I was able to sub for angel hair pasta.  He ordered some dessert and a sambucca with coffee beans ??? Overall... great atmosphere great service and good food.  Go.
<review# 60,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2014,9/26/2014,403,702,12,9,8>Yuuuuuum! We went here with our friends after a pool day sesh with mimosas. From what I can recall, the sushi I ordered was great. I ordered the crunchy shrimp and picante roll. I wasn't totally blown away by either one of my rolls but out of the two, I liked the picante roll better. I also got to sample some other rolls that other people ordered (e.g., spicy tuna on the rocks, chanel roll, spicy tuna roll, cucumber lollipop). What I wish I ordered was the Chanel roll. OMG. Hands down one of the best sushi rolls that I've sampled. I've only fallen in love with two rolls in my life (the Volcano roll at Kiku Japanese restaurant in Alpharetta; the Explosion roll at RICE restaurant in Gainesville) and the Chanel roll rivals those two. Cucuumber lollipops are a must.
<review# 61,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2014,9/25/2014,107,83,4,6,5>I love the Pho here! When it's cold outside go get you a big bowl of PHO! This is delish to say the least, and very light and fresh eating. I have tried the Shrimp Pho and most of the beef pho except the one's with tripe (yuck!) but they are all good. The downside is the language barrier, their food is really good but sometimes I just want to order my food without the effort of repeating,  slowing down my words, or pointing to the things I want on the menu. Also not much on customer service but once you get the order in it's all good.  But don't let it stop you from coming here the PHO is totally worth it! MMMMMMMM-MM!
<review# 62,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2014,9/24/2014,151,132,13,10,9>When I was a kid, I used to watch the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles. The aforementioned turtles had a penchant for pizza and all I could think while I watched that cartoon was how good that animated pizza looked. All gooey and delicious. I thought, I want that pizza. I want it. Make it reeeeal.Well look no more, I have found it at Gallas.When it comes toPizza, it's all about three things: Listed in priority: Sauce, Cheese, Crust.Sauce: Delicious, tangy and sweet, in a tomato-sweet kind of way.Cheese: I am surprised at how much I love the cheese.  I usually end up peeling most of the cheese off of a slice due to being underwhelmed by the texture and flavor. Not his cheese, it is gooey, fresh, and tasty. Crust: It is both crusty and yeasty and reminiscent of northern style pizza crust. (for reference) There is a slight char on it with enough doughy-ness within. I like when the crust extends a good 2 inches into the pizza. I can only vouch for deliver here but I can say that a large pie with 2 topping cost around $20 which I believe is a good value for the size that you get. Helloooo leftovers. Also, the delivery was timely.All in all, I will be making this my regular pizza delivery spot for their quality ingredients and fresh taste.Delivery instructions:Wear: a house-dress and curlers. (regardless of your gender)Do: a fake accent when you open the door.Listen to: The Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles theme song."Turtles on a half shell, turtle power."
<review# 63,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2014,9/23/2014,87,205,6,11,11>So. Much. Meat.As a self-professed trendy restaurant lover, apparently I'd been living under a rock because I'd never even heard of Abattoir.  That might have helped because when you've never heard of a place, there is no hype to live up to.  The second you walk in to Abattoir, you know you are in for a treat.  The atmosphere is slaughterhouse urban rustic chic.  It is the quintessential why I love the Westside restaurant.  Abattoir is an energetic, loud but not too loud spot that is perfect for a date or special occasion.  I say a special occasion because although it's well worth it (and I didn't pay), your meal here will cost a pretty penny.  Our server was friendly and informative and provided great service throughout the course of this smorgasbord.  We started with the chicharrones and charcuterie plate.  Chicharrones with hot sauces - just think the gourmet version of pork rinds from a gas station.  Charcuterie plate - everything but the made in house beef jerky is amazing.  Going with the white trash gas station food theme, I like gas station beef jerky more than their fancy schmancy homemade stuff that just wasn't as "jerky" as what you get in the bag. Now for the main course, I had the asado de tira at the recommendation of our waiter and my date had the sirloin.  Both were fantastic!  Maybe it was all of the appetizers already consumed, but I couldn't clean plate my rather sizable entree.  It was definitely a quality, flavorful cut of meat though.  Abattoir offer communal sides so we agreed on pommes frites and beets.  They were both delicious and covered in an amount of butter that would make Paula Deen proud.  We passed on dessert in favor of trying Jeni's ice cream.  Our waiter even raved about their ice cream and admitted he would pick it over Abattoir's desserts as well.  (Unfortunately Jeni's was closed after we got done with our two hour plus dinner, so that's still on my ATL dining bucket list.)  All and all, I would without a doubt be back to Abattoir.  They do farm to table right.
<review# 64,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2014,9/22/2014,20,89,7,8,5>New, cheap, tasty, not completely disgusting, and open late take-out place: CHECK.I don't know why it's taken me so long to try this place, but I feel like that void in my life has been FILLED.Yes, Burger Win lacks... ambiance, but it makes up for it in it's own, grimy little charm, accessibility, simplicity, and even absurdity. Meaning, the whole *burger* thing. I'm a newly christened vegetarian, but I would probably just not eat the burgers, though I'm sure they're quite good. It's just a strange marketing decision, IMO.ANYWAY. My experiences with Burger Win (all 3 in less than a month) have been pleasant, fast, inexpensive and tasty- all without the bizarre assortment of indigestion symptoms and regret commonly associated with similarly prepared Chinese food. This is very surprising considering how it looks... and how it's named. Basically the whole concept of the place.I've gotten tofu dishes all 3 times, and they've all looked a little sub par, but tasted great. Well-textured on the outside, and melty on the inside. Perfect, and all I really want in stir-fried tofu. Very satisfying.I sampled their Pad Thai and it's pretty standard... also tastes really good heated up the next day. Seriously! I can't make this stuff up. So far the food has been great, and the portions are hefty. If you get a rice dish you can easily make two big meals out of that, a plus for cheapos like myself.I actually felt bad that I had such low expectations for this place. America has made me soft- I lived in China for a while and you definitely can't judge a book by it's cover there... just forget the whole concept of books while you're at it. Thankfully, Burger Win has restored my sense of confidence in hole in the wall establishments, and even made me long for China again a little bit. I suppose Burger Win's polar opposite would be P.F. Chang's... think about it.
<review# 65,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2014,9/21/2014,108,66,4,6,6>Given all of the restaurants that are popping up on the brunch scene, it's good to know that there still exists some "no frills" places. Home Grown provides great breakfast and lunch dishes at very reasonable prices. I decided to come here on my lonesome after a meeting one late Saturday morning. The place was pretty packed but I was able to slide right up to the bar. Service was extremely prompt and my order was taken quickly since what I wanted had just been delivered to the couple next to me - I only had to point at their food.  :-) The Comfy Chicken (chicken biscuit covered in sausage gravy) was freakin' unbelievable - complete SIMM. The cheese grits were also good but were overshadowed by the main entree. The manager seemed quite friendly was very in touch with the regulars. This place was a win in my book and I'll definitely be back.
<review# 66,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2014,9/20/2014,119,74,7,6,5>I ate at this spot one time (maybe even two times)  back in '05  or '06.  Something about it then.... I didn't like it and I avoided this place like the plague.  Jump to 2014, and apparently my tastes have changed.  This place seems soooo different from like 8 yrs ago.  I had to drive past the Open sign a couple times to make sure they were really open versus the we are really  closed but left the open sign on. I mean hey.... after 1 am on a Monday,  your restaurant choices are greatly reduced to almost non existent. I don't remember the parking lot being this steep : Tip for females: Leave the 6 inch stilettos at home, the parking lot will be a struggle.  I do not remember all of these birds near the entrance. Skip the zoo, just come here and check out birds for free.  If this place ever gets busy, there are chairs to sit on outside....Bus/train station old school chairs to be exact.  I'm thinking the owner found a rack of joined seats in a junk yard and ran off screaming:  Finally, waiting area seating  Yippeeee!Okay, I'm inside - 1970 something tables... look up at the ceiling....oh wait, what ceiling... I'm in a giant tent.  Now, whenever I drove past this place, I kinda knew it was tent like, but like I said this place is way different from like 8 years ago so once you hop inside, yep it's true... you're in a tent.   I'm thinking now that's a great way to cut down on roof repairs- the owner is smart.   The kitchen area has real ceiling because something tells me a tented kitchen area wouldn't fly well with getting a restaurant license and maintaining a 100 grade rating- yeah... I peeped that  in the entry way.   I light up when I see restaurants with a 100.  Let's me know my chances of catching gangrene are significantly slim. So I order a burger with all the fixins (lettuce, onions, thousand island sauce) and cheese.  You know how a burger looks when you order from a restaurant?  Perfectly cut with that cookie cutter image from other restaurants?  Nope, not this place.  This is no frills, you're in 1970 something, mom's kitchen type of cooking.  My burger , for real , no lie  looked like something my mom would of cooked up but better because my mom would cook a burger, slap it in between two slices of white bread, and called it a day.Not this place,  rye bread folks!  Sauce not dripping all over the place that gets the hands dirty.  Shredded cheese? Now, that's different but okay.  It was really tasty and the homemade feel won me over.  The home fries I order with: I'm thinking homefries thrown from a bag and cooked.  No No No, not today.. not here:  You get home fries that look and taste like they've been made from home.  The potato skin still attached.  Properly seasoned... Starts to remind me of my beloved grandma's cooking.  Now as far as price goes,  I'm filled up after only spending a couple of bucks on meal.  I won't say how much  but let's just say for the price of 3 hour parking at the W, you can eat pretty good here.   Oh I'm back on that tent.  Sorry, I was intrigued:  It's kinda like Tiki Room meets Brady Brunch.   Psychedelic pictures on the ceiling,  er interior top portion of tent since it's not a roof,  mardi gras beads hanging from a chandeliers..  back to the pictures..... If your cell phone died and you have nothing to do while waiting for your food because you're dining alone, just look up and all around the tent, not a dull moment, I promise.
<review# 67,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2014,9/19/2014,37,101,2,7,6>I consistently order from here because it's convenient, quick, healthy, and you can order online. And I consistently order the same thing. I'm usually more adventurous with my eating and try not to order the same thing twice in a row. But the half and half with a 1/2 blue cheese fig salad and 1/2 creamy chicken vegetable soup are too good not to order every time. Literally, every time. Note: if you order online or call ahead, don't wait in the treacherous sea of people with everyone else waiting to order. Go to the far left cashier and they will hook you up as soon as they are finished with their current customer. Wish they had a sign for this or something. I waited too many times in line.
<review# 68,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2014,9/18/2014,29,625,5,11,8>What a spectacular place! All shiny & new! It's the perfect size for what Snellville/Lawrenceville need. I popped in the night before the grand opening and was greeted immediately with a flyer and reusable grocery bag. The place was, of course, a mad house. But it was kind of fun. An amazing selection of foods with those who have dietary or allergy restrictions. I really cannot believe how much inventory was crammed into this store, but the shelves did not feel over crowded.  The produce section was amazing! Check out was pretty quick. And their are places in the parking lot for shopping cart return. If you don't like crowds stay away for a few weeks until things settle down.  If crowds don't bother you head over every Wednesday, as their sales run Wednesday to Wednesday, that's right, double sales on Wednesday! This way you get the best deals from the past week and the upcoming week! That's when I'll be there!!!!!
<review# 69,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2014,9/17/2014,10,50,2,6,5>I stopped in after work tonight to pick-up a latte and cappuccino to go. Taproom is easily as good as Karavana and Java Monkey, and this is only their first day. They carry Counter Culture coffee, which matches or exceeds Batdorf & Bronson for quality and flavor, and it's made on a La Marzocco. They are still waiting on their alcohol license to serve beer, but the coffee alone is reason to stop in.
<review# 70,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2014,9/16/2014,3,34,1,11,4>Among the best sushi experiences I've ever had. While the small entrance makes it appear to be a small place inside it's spacious and extremely nice.The staff: extremely friendly almost to the point where you want to hug them. Excellent service with a big smile. They added a complimentary appetizer, Miso soup and cool little dessert, all of which were excellent.The food: really great sushi. We just moved from San Diego where there are a large number of tasty and inexpensive sushi places. Until Matsuya we had been disappointed by what we'd found in Atlanta. Along with the standard assortment of rolls they have a wide selection of creative and cool rolls. Everything we tried was delicious.Price: about as cheap as you'd want given it's raw fish. Standard rolls for around $5, deluxe rolls about $9. Wife and I had a very complete meal for $40 and easily could have spent $30 and been fullBottom line: our go to sushi joint with great food, great service and a very reasonable price
<review# 71,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2014,9/15/2014,34,54,5,7,6>Gato Arigato not only has one of the cleverer restaurant names, but it also creates an experience unique to the Atlanta food scene. The restaurant opens up at 7pm and is very small seating no more than 20 to 25 people. So if you have a large party, be prepared to brush your arms against the person next to you. I recommend that your party be limited to 5 to 6 people or else you're going to have a bad time. Also, Gato has a BYOB policy, so if you forgot to bring your own wine or beer, there is little store within walking distance where you can stock up.We had to wait around 30 to 45 minutes to get a table. Normally this isn't too big of a deal, but combine that with a cramped restaurant and a steaming kitchen right next to you, and it could become stressful.After being seated, we waited at least another 20 minutes for our order of gyoza and takoyaki balls to arrive. Gyoza are essentially fried dumplings while takoyaki balls are browned octopus balls. If you've never had any of these, I recommend you at least try them. In my case, I was expecting the best gyoza and takoyaki balls known to mankind and sadly, was letdown in a big way. The only nice thing I can say about the gyoza is that it was nicely fried on the outside. It was also spicy, but this isn't anything new. All in all, I felt that I could buy and fry my own frozen gyoza and takoyaki balls from an Asian supermarket and those would still taste better. It didn't help that the price tag for 3-4 small pieces of each appetizer was on the higher side. We had to wait what seemed like another 20 minutes to get our pork ramen. This is where the long wait, average-tasting yet overpriced appetizers, cramped space were redeemed. The pork ramen was some of the best I've ever had. The broth was delicious yet subtle. The combination of scallions, fermented apple, grilled pork, and noodles was heavenly. I regret not adding the soft boiled egg to it, but I will make sure to do that the next time I go. Finally, add some sauce, which should be on the table and tastes exactly like Chipotle barbecue hot sauce, if you want to add a nice kick to the ramen. Now that Gato, is on my radar, I will make sure to return.
<review# 72,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2014,9/14/2014,98,509,3,5,5>I'd recommend Varuni if you don't want to deal with the madness that goes along with the better pizza found over at Antico. While Antico wins on the pizza front, Varuni wins on almost all other levels.First, they have lots of indoor and outdoor seating surrounded by modern italian decor. I really loved it, especially the italian scooter, that while beautiful is just asking to be knocked over how it's placed close to the order counter.Second, they have lots of parking in the mall on the corner of Monroe and Piedmont (near Ru-San's / Top Spice).I'd say the feel is even more Italian than Antico based on the decor, the patrons, and the employees here. Literally everyone looks Italian.We ordered the margherita pizza and the one salad they have on the menu. The salad was a mishmash of walnuts, prosciutto, tomatoes, and lettuce, but was pretty good. The dressing was olive oil with little flavor, so it let the ingredients speak for themselves. The dough has exactly the same flavor as Antico, though I found the pizza to be soggier than Antico and Fritti. I think they might have to work on that a little bit, since this same issue plagued Varasano's for a long time. We may have just gotten a slightly undercooked pizza, or too much sauce? I'll give them the benefit of the doubt, but this type of pizza shouldn't be droopy on the first bite.Overall I really enjoyed myself and think you will too!
<review# 73,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2014,9/13/2014,118,224,10,5,4>First off, I'm not a fan of trendy shit! Like nope, no, unh unh, nada. So when my friend visiting from a DC said she wanted a Krispy Kreme milkshake from Flip Burger she had seen on TV, I thought, "Greatttt! A place that has $8 burgers, without sides, kill me now!"Well after seeing and tasting the Red Velvet Milkshake, complete with real Red Velvet cake, trendy shit ain't looking so bad after all. My Red Velvet Milkshake was so damn good. The waitress almost swayed me away from ordering because she said it was too sweet, but frankly it was just right. It was rich, velvety (pun intended), and had a great presentation. The fried onion ring, sweet potato tots, and french fries sampler was ginormous. It was more than enough for two people to share, and I could totally taste the sweet potatoes. All in all I have to say Flip Burger impressed me. The decor is funky but minimal, cocktails are unique, and the milkshakes are awesome!
<review# 74,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2014,9/12/2014,78,56,6,10,7>Kirkwood has been watching and waiting for this place to open for a year. We tried it out last night, and it did not disappoint!At our request, they were kind enough to bring us a couple of flour tortillas to keep our toddlers from going crazy while we waited for our table. Our server was awesome, especially considering how crazy busy it was with Mother's Day traffic and folks eager to try it. The food came out a bit slowly, but they made us happy with a free salsa sampler and an extra pitcher of margaritas. The tofu chimichanga was really yummy. We're glad they have several veggie options. My only suggestion is that they eventually get some sun shades for the west side of the patio. It was pretty hot in the late evening sun. Maybe that will happen in time. If you are short of patience, wait a little while to give it a try so the crowds will die down a little.
<review# 75,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2014,9/11/2014,234,383,10,9,7>I know the other Robert M. (Mr. Pizza Expert) will certainly disagree with me on this but Savage does pizza very, very well. No it is not up to par with Antico; however,  Savage still does a damn fine job. Another plus is that this place does not charge you the $25+ bucks for a smallish / medium-ish size pizza (like Antico does). I do like the other nearby pizza places like Camelli's, Jacks, Fellinis, and L5P Pizza; however, I also feel this place easily beats them all with respect to tasty delicious pizzas. I have tried a good variety of the specialty pizzas that they make here and they are all knockouts. But I mostly prefer the one topping pies for sheer simplicity and goodness; you can really taste the quality of the basic ingredients (cheese, sauce, dough).I recently got a large half pepperoni / half mushroom pizza to go to bring to my mom's house. That pizza was so damn freaking good we were compelled to finish all of it. That does not happen often with other pizzas procured from other places that my mom likes (i.e. Mellow Mushroom or Athens Pizza).As far as dine-in goes, my only caveat here that I have is that I think this place has a reputation for being not very kid friendly. And I can't say that I blame them (keep in mind I say this as a person who has two kids). Kids can be a major pain in the ass with respect to stuff that they do when you take them into restaurants. Case in point, whenever I drive by this place with my kids in the car, my daughter always points it out to me and says, "Daddy! There's the place where we went that one time & I threw up all over the table!! Remember?" Yes I do, Sweetheart. Yes indeed I do.
<review# 76,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2014,9/10/2014,30,214,3,7,5>They are super sweet, kind and welcoming! The staff itself deserves a 5!! I had their lamb kafta (it's halal by the way!) and it was so good! Loved it! I've also had the lamb shawarma and that's also very good! Chicken shawarma(umm that was okay, not as good as the lamb!!) For the sides get the eggplant thing! It's very conveniently located inside the Peachtree center mall. This is a great place to grab lunch from! Although I prefer to get my lunch from here to-go and eat it at home, or perhaps even walk down to the park and eat there, Aviva has made their own cute little restaurant with their own seating! It's very different than the food court seating in the mall! So if you wanna sit there and enjoy your meal, go for it! This is probably one of the only spots In the food court I recommend! They also have a very tempting fresh juice stand! I haven't tried it yet, but hopefully I will soon!
<review# 77,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/1/2014,9/9/2014,103,217,11,17,11>After our anniversary dinner, I surprised my husband with tickets to ride Skyview Atlanta. It was just a quick three block walk, in the crisp air of the dark winter night, from the restaurant to the ferris wheel. UNFORTUNATELY, my husband is insanely terrified of heights. All heights. So, as soon as he saw this big, brightly glowing, ferris wheel from a few blocks away, he started to get nervous and I may have had to drag him. I know - I'm such a loving wife! I'd bought out tickets online, so we were able to by-pass most of the line and skip right ahead to the photographer (why does every attraction have a photographer now?!) where I made a cheesy cross-eyed face and we went to wait. It was only about 20 minutes before we were loaded up and locked in. The gondolas can hold UP TO 6 people on the bench seats inside the temperature controlled (air in summer, heat in winter) compartments, but it's not required. My husband and I were able to ride together, just the two of us. Which was good - because the hubby started making weird faces and crying a little bit. His shirt was quickly soaked through from the mix of sweat and tears. I can imagine it might have given strangers a moment of pause. I suspect that you can see farther across the city during the day, but at night and especially since it's right around Christmas, the city was aglow with the lights of the city and the season. Trees in Centennial Park were lit up with bright and festive colors, the fountain glowed in an osculating spectrum as the water danced, and cars on the street even seemed like a tiny dancing light show. The tickets I purchased online were $12.50 per person, and did not require selecting a day or time to ride. I showed up, flashed the tickets, and got on. You go around 4 times (total of about 20 minutes), and that's that. I thought it was a cool thing, worth doing once. There is a VIP gondola. It costs $50 per person to ride. For the VIP car, you DO have to buy online, and select a day/time, because you will get to skip the line and go straight to a corded off area away from the huddled masses, and hopefully be able to step right on to the ferris wheel right away. Instead of hard wooden bench seats that squeeze 6 like all the others, it has 5 leather-covered bucket seats, a glass floor, and super-tinted windows so no one can see in. Also, instead of one ride (4 times around), you get two rides (8 times around).
<review# 78,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2014,9/8/2014,162,58,3,6,5>BBQ Corner 2 is under new management and has gone under renovation. Thank goodness too, because the last time I ate here it was down right shameful.I haven't tried any of their main dishes. I'll be sure to write an update once I do. My friends and I opted for their hot pot. We ordered 2 seafood hot pots and a side of beef. Very fresh stuff, tasty too. All 5 of us ate for a little under $20, including tip. Not bad considering the trays included items like fish, shrimp, oyster, clams, and mussels. If you were like me and turned off by the place in the recent past, I'd give it another try. You might be impressed.
<review# 79,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2014,9/7/2014,515,139,7,9,8>The Omakase experience at Tomo restaurant is nothing short of spectacular.  We came here for the very 1st time based on a raving recommendation from a close friend who frequents this restaurant so we decided to give it a shot on my b-day.  We didn't know what to expect but seing that there were so many people at this restaurant on a Thursday evening spoke volumes right from the start to me.We were served by (some sheer stroke of luck and fate combined?) Chef Tomo himself which had me giddy all the way from the beginning to end.  His skill, technique, passion, and quality really struck a chord with me and I had very high respect for this master chef.  During our meal we had a good conversation and I was pleased to learn that the secret to his success was his ability to lead and not follow.  I love that.  You can see this clearly in his omakase dish which truly is in one word, amazing.The prices are a bit high but deservedly so, and I did not feel like we wasted money as the experience itself of being served by one of Atlanta's finest Japanese sushi chefs was truly reminiscent of the saying : the juice was worth the squeeze.  The appetizers, sushi, brewskie, martini, and service (our waiter was astounding - ask for Ferry) were all truly top notch.  I can confidently rank Tomo among the best restaurants that I've been to or tried in Atlanta, GA and recommend them highly.A++ and 5 solid yelp stars for me!Domo Arigato Gozaimasu Chef Tomo and have a positive day.
<review# 80,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2014,9/6/2014,129,504,10,10,7>Why 5 stars?The food is just killer - really.The trout dip is off the hook; and this from someone who doesn't do dips.Yes, they have a great bar and do specials.WHY 5 stars?Because my lovely gluten free mutant wife can eat BREAD there!And it's not some special move-heaven-pay-out-your-ass thing.There are TONS of GF options on really good food items; for all of you Yelp veterans out there, they did an event for us a while back and they totally rock.Go check them out.Now.
<review# 81,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2014,9/5/2014,172,868,10,9,9>I might be late to the Bocado party, but man was this burger worth the wait.This is really all you need to know: Go.  Order the burger.  Eat.  Writhe in joy over the explosion of flavor happening in your mouth.But, to make the sixty seconds you're going to spend reading this review worth your while, I'll provide some additional tidbits.  In addition to the burger, also order the herbed fries. Order your own portion, because once you steal a few perfectly garlic-y fries off your dining companion's plate, you won't be able to stop.  Dip those fries in their awesome homemade ranch dressing, and you'll maybe even wish you had ordered two portions just for yourself.Though we were the first table seated at lunch on a weekday (which they did as soon as we arrived, even though it was five minutes before opening), they were almost completely packed within 15 minutes.  Despite the busy lunch rush, our service was impeccable, with my water glass never seeing anything below the quarter full mark.  The ambiance is cool without being pretentious.  For two burgers, a cup of their homemade tomato bisque (very good), and a side of the herbed fries, our total was just a hair over $25, making this quite the reasonable lunch splurge for the quality of food consumed and overall experience.  Everything on the menu sounded phenomenal, but after one taste of that burger, I don't know if I'll ever be able to order any other item.  But hey, I should probably go back just to try, right?
<review# 82,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2014,9/4/2014,36,98,2,10,4>Good food - not so good service. Not sure how I haven't already reviewed Bone Garden as I've been going there for years! If I had reviewed the restaurant about a year ago, I would have given them 5 stars, hands down.  However, the last several times I've been there, I've been incredibly dissapointed with the service.  The food is delicious and is very consistent.  Their drink menu is extensive (I especially love it because I'm a big tequila fan and they carry my favorite - KAH).  They have fresh, original flavors and dishes and the decor/atmosphere is amazing.  I love bringing people from out of town because it's basically an experience and the food lives up to it.  The service however, has gone way downhill.  Last night, I went with a party of 11, so we knew we would be waiting a while since they don't take reservations and it was a Saturday night.  It was packed and most of the party waited outside and three of us went up to the bar to get some waters, chips and salsa and some drinks.  I literally stood in front of the bar staring at the bartenders for 5 minutes before I was even acknowledged and told they would be with me soon.  It took another 15 minutes for them to take my order even though I said several times - can I just have a glass of water while I wait?  Finally we got our drinks and chips and by that time, the rest of the party was being seated.  Our waiter immediately came off as arrogant and started making left-handed comments about what everyone was ordering.  I understand that Bone Garden is a laid back place where you can joke around with your waiter/waitress but one of our party is a waiter at another restaurant and even he said this guy was taking it too far.  My half of the table got our correct drinks and food, but the other side of the table - there was an issue with every single person's order.  Some items were on the wrong plates, some items were left off and others got things they didn't even order.  It was mess and took a while to figure out.   Not cool :(
<review# 83,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2014,9/3/2014,474,1389,4,9,8>After our Yelp Elite Event here, I knew we'd be back since there aren't a lot of barbecue choices near J's office.  We met for lunch and had no problem finding close street parking.  There were a decent number of other diners in the place, but it was by no means crowded.For two of us with a car seat, they sat us at a six top, and we just put the car seat on two chairs.  Not an ideal seating situation, but we made it work.J got the brisket plate with baked beans, and I got the Showstopper sandwich with collard greens.  The Showstopper is Pulled Pork, Applewood Bacon, Melted Pimento Cheese, Bibb Lettuce, Tomato, Jalapeno Marmalade & Ancho BBQ.  Sometimes more IS better, and I'd say it was true of this sandwich.  I didn't actually taste the bacon, but a bit of everything made for a gluttonously delicious sandwich, with all its hot, cold, juicy, cheesy, crispy, spicy flavors and textures.  The collards were ok, a little too sweet for my preference.Definitely worth a visit, particularly if craving barbecue while downtown.
<review# 84,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2014,9/2/2014,98,328,4,6,5>This is my reward when I get up early: their breakfast sandwich and a cup of coffee.  While it is pricier than a fast food breakfast (duh), this will be the tastiest meal you have all day.  The eggs are fluffy, the biscuit is perfect, and the ham makes me glad I'm no longer vegetarian. Btw - you can get it to go.The coffee drinks are all excellent. They do a great pour over, but their standard drip is absolutely worth drinking. I find that it packs quite a punch, caffeine wise. If you aren't up for a full meal, grab one of their fabulous pastries. The crossoints are amazing, and once it came served with the most fabulous marmalade that I had to buy a jar of.  If you come late enough in the day, grab a loaf of bread.I've had some of their weekend brunch dishes, and they were delicious. The only downside here is that it can get a little slow when they are very busy. But it is always worth it!
<review# 85,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2014,9/1/2014,192,199,3,5,5>I've been here a couple times now and am always really impressed by the presentation of the rolls. I couldn't tell you ALL the rolls I have tried, but the standouts are the Trust Me Roll and the Sweetheart Roll. That said, every one I have tried, I have liked. The roll sizes are also pretty large. Every time I've been, we forget that the rolls are so huge and over-order -- not that that's a bad thing, since everything is so good.Also, they have a Yelp deal: $15 off a $50 purchase.
<review# 86,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2014,8/31/2014,77,219,3,5,4>Um have you seen how adorable this place is? The decor is super quaint and the cashier slash owner is this super crush worthy, super sweet South African lady who really cares about her pies. And the pies- well, they are so absurdly delicious it must be made with a whole pound of butter. But man, it's so good. I had the chicken with green curry and it was love at first bite. The crust is flaky, crunchy and not at all soggy. The filling is creamy and fresh and just out of this world. There are vegetarian options and they all sounded great. A pie worthy of lunch is $6. I did not have a side but most will want to, at around 2.50 a pop.
<review# 87,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2014,8/30/2014,115,91,6,5,10>Hey, are you a fan of old-timey theaters and human-sized buckets of popcorn and soda? What about Bettie Page and Hot Wing flavored soda pop? Yes hot wings. Well, then you're weird and you'll probably love Plaza Theater. Which I kind of did. Despite having lived down the street from the place a few years back, in addition to frequent visits to Urban Outfitters, Buffalo Exchange and the Majestic, I've never actually visited this place. But, hey, thanks to free stuff! I got to visit for the first time today, to watch the season premiere of Girls. The show was aight. But I loved the outright, yet earnest, kookiness of this space. Now, apparently, there's been some remodeling and sprucing up, but I don't know what the before looked like. Anywho, the place did look nice and  the seats were comfortable. Be warned that these aren't stadium seats, so, if you sit further in the back, you'll only have a slightly more elevated view of the screen.One thing I did appreciate was the bevy of chocolates. I happen to be surfing the crimson tide (TMI?),  and was craving some chocolate mad hard. Well they had about a dozen or so chocolate bars and I immediately picked out the maple bacon flavor because I also like bacon. They had plenty of flavors, but the names seem to have escaped me at the moment. As far as movie selection goes, The Rocky Horror Show seems to a popular viewing, but from what I've seen, they also play independent films.
<review# 88,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2014,8/29/2014,102,66,4,6,9>Pulled Pork Plate (Spicy), Potato Salad, Fried OkraDaddy D'z BBQ really looks like a shack.  It's across from Nick's Food to go at the intersection of Hill Street and Memorial, and is an odd looking place that looks as though it's going to collapse.  The rough exterior opens to much the same inside the joint.  There are pictures and accolades from years ago hanging on the walls and unfortunately they don't look like they have been touched since they were initially placed there.  In fact,  you can barely read some of the magazine write-ups on the wall because of the caked on dust.  All this aside,  its really about the bbq.  I ventured here before and after moving to Atlanta and I can see that Daddy D'z is slowly losing ground from my visits over the years.   I could drive over to Candler Park to another BBQ place and it is bustling while Daddy's isn't.  I think it comes down to one thing that I'll mention later. I'm a fan, it's good bbq.  I am a pulled pork fanatic and Daddy D'z smokes up some good meat.  It's tender and has a good smokey flavor.  They offer two sauces - sweet and also spicy.  The sweet sauce is a little too sweet - it almost reminds me of the sauce you pick up from the grocery store - the Kraft variety.  To each their own, I've had sweet sauce before as a western North Carolina native, but this just doesn't hit it for me.  The other sauce is spicy and this should be their signature sauce.  It sets them apart from their competitors throughout town.  It packs the right amount of bite that is smooth without your mouth being on fire afterward. I would ask for the sauce on the side so you can try both. Another favorite of mine is the pulled pork sandwich.  It is a hefty portion of pulled pork in between two large Texas Toasts.  I prefer to have cole slaw added inside my sandwich being from Carolina, but I understand that isn't always the way its done down here.  They have no problem honoring my off the menu request each time.  This sandwich is divine.  I also prefer the spicy sauce with the sandwich - it, combined with the Pulled Pork, Cole-Slaw and Texas Toast packs a mean punch.  They offer the usual suspects when it comes to sides - Collard Greens, Baked Beans, Cole Slaw, they are all tasty and haven't had one I didn't like.  My favorites are the potato salad and fried okra.  The corn bread is phenomenal - it melts in your mouth and is great for dipping into some sides or Brunswick Stew.Whats wrong with Daddy D'z?  As a dine- in customer I would appreciate a good cleaning of the joint - I would have a hard time taking friends here from out of town for a sit down meal.  I think this is one of the things I have noticed going a little downhill and why other bbq places are bustling.    They have lost focus on the dine-in customer. This isn't a five star dining room and doesn't have to be for continued success, just clean the darn place!   Other than the dining room, love Daddy D'z and will continue to be a patron (as a take out customer).
<review# 89,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2014,8/28/2014,109,166,5,8,9>This place really gets about 3 stars from me, but because I saw and spoke to Bravo's Chef Roble's incredibly nice and sweet sister, Jasmine , I'm giving them an extra star. Also, I do want them, a Carribean restaurant, in my neck of the woods to succeed.LOCATION: Right in Midtown, basically the corner of Crescent and 12th. Across from the new luxury condos/restaurants they built. There's metered street parking, a parking lot down the street, and a parking deck you can pay to use nearby off Crescent.DECOR/AMBIENCE: Love the look of this place! It does have a fresh Carribeam vibe, the dark wood floors, flowy sheer white curtains, exposed wooden beams ceilings, and music all add to the vibe of the place. You have to acknowledge the thought put into it, for example the larged tufted  seat backing for booth look to be more of a burlap/linen instean of leather or velvet. That color and look choice aids to the stylish carribean vibe.The tucked away feel of the place would make me feel comfortable coming here alone and sitting at the bar.FOOD:We had the Jerk Rolls for appetizer, they were delish! Basically they're a carribean/jamaican spring roll. They also have other flavors like curryHe got Escovitch Tilapia that comes with cabbage, try rice and peas, and plantain. He loved itI got Brown Stew Tilapia that comes with the same stuff and it just wasn't good. I usually just get brown stew chicken, but took a chance, but that backfired.Coco bread- I love cocoa bread, I prefer mine slightly sweet. This one was basically just dough bread. I didn't like because it wasn't sweet, but it was good bread generally speaking.Carrot Cake- for dessert I got this and was see disappointed with all the raisins in it. Why is my precious carrot cake stuffed with raisins. It was pretty good cake, but I had to basically tear it apart and eat it as crumbs because of all the raisins. Please just cook moist carrot cake with NO raisins.Cocktails- We tried 2 of the signature cocktails and they were pretty good.SERVICE: Here's where the stars should fall. Alot. But I'm being nice since I'm carribean and want them to succeed. Buuuut service was slow, the server/bartender had some what of an attitude (she may have been stressed though b/c she was doing a lot, but still don't catch attitudes with smiling customers) and the guy bartender was sloooooow I mean he was clearly just a pretty face and is new to making drinks... we sat at the bar and it took about 20 minutes to get our drinks, haha. They really just seemed to be very disorganized. Someone needs to just come and tighten ship and this place could be a huuuge success. Because everyone loves Jamaicans and their food PLUS you're located on the hottest block in the whole Atlanta. So, Stir It Up, Make sure your food is great (fresh quality and good flavor), make sure the kitchen has everything going out ON TIME, keep the place clean, continue to walk around happily engaging customers and you should be awesome! The owner was sweet btw, both her and Jasmine were doing there best to be friendly.PEOPLE/CROWD: Cool stylish mixed crowd. ETC: I didn't get a chance to go down stairs to the lounge part, but I'll do that soon hopefully. Also they have different theme nights, go to their website to find out more information.That block is becoming a little international food fare. There's this jamaican restaurant, a new indian spot across the street, an irish pub, sushi, a couple southern restaurants, mexican cantina, a new burger spot with good ole american fare, etc. I'm loving it!SUMMARY: Everyone try them out. At the least "pre game" there with a drink and some jerk rolls! I hope they have success and continue to make improvements.***UPDATE***: I've gone several times since the review above and I the food just depends on who's cooking. We went for Sunday brunch during Easter and the food was AMAZING, I mean EVERYTHING we got was good... ackee & saltfish, chicken & waffle, jerk rolls, jerk chicken... service was good, music was good, and the one thing I can definitely say after going several times-- atmosphere is GREAT. The owners a nice people and its just a perfect mix of cozy/classy/carribean :-) Chris is a great chef! The food is made fresh so prepare to wait 20 minutes to get it-- which is stated on the menu. I also had a chance to check out downstairs-- very cool space!
<review# 90,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2014,8/27/2014,49,97,4,8,5>We have been for dinner twice now and brunch once, and it is quickly becoming one of my favorite restaurants in the city. The décor is modern with mounted animal heads on the wall. The bar area is spacious and the dining room is as well. They tend to specialize in various game meats but also offer some vegetarian options. The service has been great for both our dinner trips but when we came in for brunch it was a little slow. I think there was only one server working and it was really crowded so it was understandable.For brunch the best thing we had was the meatstick burger. It was amazing and I definitely recommend getting it. The chef's breakfast is really good to order as well as you get a sample of 4 items picked by the chef. It can be easily shared by 2. The pancakes are really good too and they come with duck liver butter, bacon in-between pancakes,  and cane syrup. For our second dinner trip I ordered the short rib and it was huge! It also came out on a cutting board. My wife ordered the pork chop and grits and it was really good too. I had duck breast for our first visit and my wife had the black ink (squid) pasta which was amazing. I was hoping it was on the menu for our second visit, but it's always nice to try new things. We also started with some oysters which were really fresh. On both visits everything on the menu looked amazing and I truly believe you can't go wrong with whatever you decide to order. The drinks and wine menu are also great at One Eared Stag. They carry spirits from smaller craft distilleries like Aylesbury Duck and Silver Tree which both make great vodka. On our last visit we had a bottle of Raptor Ridge Pinot Noir which we loved.I am a big fan of this place and can't wait to go back. I highly recommend checking it out if you haven't.
<review# 91,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2014,8/26/2014,13,61,3,9,4>I'm giving Ammazza an update. I went back and ordered the inslata de basil and the pesto gorgonzola pizza. They were both delicious. The salad was really well dressed and tasted fresh (similar to my last experience). Since I was eating in house this time, the pizza was much much better. That's some tasty tasty crust. It's the perfect crispiness. The gorgonzola was also unusual, which I enjoy. The service was extremely prompt. We went on a Monday, so there was no line. The inside is really cool. I like the booths, and the lighting. It just has a cool, semi-industrial vibe. It's still not Antico, but it's definitely the best option on the east side of town. Again again!
<review# 92,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2014,8/25/2014,105,103,12,9,8>So I'll be honest and let you know that I can't really speak to how the chicken was because I don't eat chicken on the bone and they don't have boneless check here (boooo). Some friends and I stopped here after doing an Edgewood bar crawl the other night. It was about 12AM when we went. When I walked in, I kinda looked like WTF am I??? It almost felt like a club because there was a DJ in the back playing music. We sat down at the bar to order some to-go food. We had soooooo much fun. We came in tipsy from our bar crawl and the service people there were off the chain! They were fun. They didn't judge us for being drunk, they joined us and were turning up with us. We had too much fun with them. They made fun of me for not eating chicken on the bone but they did offer me some good alternatives. I asked for Shrimp and Waffles instead of Chicken and Waffles and after some crazy looks, they were gonna make it happen for me but my friends wouldn't let me get it! I ended up getting the fish and shrimp combo. The food was pretty good. It was a good portion. Lots of fries. Tasty sauce. We were having so much fun dancing and eating that our to-go order became a dine-in order. My friends really seemed to enjoy their chicken. I didn't really see anything left on their plates so I think that's a good sign. Would I come here on a normal day just to eat? Probably not. They don't have tenders! But would I come here late at night, after the club, tipsy and ready to keep the after party going. Yup! I sure would. Would I bring a first date here or come here for a quiet evening? Probably not.  Had a great time and I will be back in the near future!
<review# 93,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2014,8/24/2014,789,691,5,11,9>I love everything about this place and I leave feeling good -- locally owned, Sweet Auburn Market vendor, and they have healthy delicious juices / smoothies / salads. Fresh and made-to-order (so be ready to wait). Rawesome Remix is their most popular salad, and Ultimate Two is their most popular juice (kale, spinach, apple, cucumber, lemon, ginger). RAWESOME REMIX - $3.50 (for 1/2 salad)One of my favorite salads b/c it's got a mix of everything I like plus some sweetness (I'll take sweet over vinegary): spring mix, kale, cranraisins, cucumbers, bell peppers, almonds, Gorgonzola (you pick your cheese) and Tahini dressing (you pick your dressing - Tahini is the most popular). Also comes w/ a slice of wheat pita bread that I always find flavorless. The 1/2 salad portion looks small at first glance but they really pack a lot in that container - I usu. get the 1/2 salad and then a juice or smoothie for dessert, and I'm 100% satisfied :)SUPERFOOD - $4.75 for 12oz.I wanted the Ultimate Two but they ran out (it was 3pm). So I got the Superfood smoothie - kale, mango, lime, avocado. I've had it twice and I love it. Perfect balance of all the ingredients and so yummy. I could drink this forever.ULTIMATE TWO - $5 for 16oz.This one tastes like a true veggie drink - kale, spinach, apple, cucumber, lemon, ginger. I would drink this as a meal substitute not for dessert :) I have a sweet tooth so my ultimate is the Superfood. BANANA NUT ULTIMATE - $4.75 for 12oz.This smoothie was good too but I probably wouldn't get it again. I decided I just don't like bananas in smoothies (same issue at other places) - it's the banana after-taste that like sucks my mouth dry. This smoothie had banana, peach, cinnamon, dates, organic maple syrup, walnuts, flax seed oil and almond milk. Overall I'd say it tasted like banana flavored cinnamon ice cream :)PB&J - $4.75 for 12oz.Just had a swig but this was good too -- strawberries, roasted peanuts, banana and almond milk. However personally wouldn't order it b/c of the peanuts (boo high cholesterol). Great place for juices and salads - and probably the most healthy eating option at Sweet Auburn. Don't miss out!FYI - parking is free for 1 hr w/ $5 purchase. Remember to get your ticket validated. I'd also try to come during non-peak times b/c parking is limited ... not sure where the overflow parking is.
<review# 94,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2014,8/23/2014,150,120,9,7,7>I've driven by this place a bunch of times, but my fist visit is thanks to Michelle "MISH" K.  I visited the Pub for dinner on a Sunday with about 10 friends. On walking in I did note that the place  is small.  There's not a whole lot of room inside the pub, but there is a patio for those sunny days.The bar has an above average selection of beer featuring the usual suspects and some others like Harp. From what i can tell, it looks like they have a well stocked bar.Now  the food i ordered i did not like. I don't know what compelled me to go with the pulled pork sandwich at a British pub! Anyway, it was not that great. In fact it was something I could have replicated at home, but the other dishes the table ordered looked and smelled amazing. In fact, when i do go back I'm ordering the scotch egg and the Cornish pasties. based on my experience with their food and service this review is really a 3.5. I've rounded up since it was I messed up with the pulled pork sandwich.
<review# 95,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2014,8/22/2014,179,222,9,10,5>We've been here just a minute and...I'm starving! The music is cool, it's kinda urban and cool in a farm-y vibe kinda way. Thank goodness we took a seat at the bar around 6 and it was empty. We had....you could say, pick of the stools..The bartender was nice. Asked his name, made no inclination he wanted to know mine...seemed articulate and intelligent. Not particularly a people person maybe. It was a bit uncomfortable and awkward...but it was almost...endearing? Genuine. He made a rum cocktail from the menu for my friend Kate and she said it tasted 'beachy.' I had him make my fav champagne cocktail when I discovered they carried Aperol. He was never rude or short with us, but I was glad when another guy jumped on the bar with him. The drinks are made very well and take a bit of time to make. I have a deep appreciation for craft cocktails so I didn't mind.We had second round of drinks made by Jeff (mixologist; I'm assuming). He creates and names all cocktails, and runs the bar. Ordered House cured salmon app- with potato cake, dill sour cream and fried capers which sounded interesting..I wish the potato cake was a little crunchier, I mean just a little but crunchy. But the flavor was uh-mazing. Possibly the highlight of my meal.Followed with another app--the pan-roasted mussels, served with citrus herb butter. The flavor was very clean, not fishy at all! It was a bit on the liquid side and had some spices... However I personally Needed salt, lots of salt! After that, it was fabulous. But the huge toasted piece of bread was great soaking up the juices. Ordered shrimp & grits because of yelp recommendations..fabulous. Maybe the best ever. Grits were gritty but perfectly so. Delicate fluffy, great shrimp wish there were more! But gigantic portion holy cow. We took TWO boxes full of it home after eating half.We also ordered the cheese plate. It had some sort of smoked Gouda which was delicious and nutty, a stinky awesome blue cheese that I adored and the blackberry jam accompanied the plate was awesome.The hard seeds were a bit annoying to chew. The pecan brittle was a highlight-oh my Jesus it tasted like burnt barley sugar it was just amazing. I even took some home with me. The chef and owner was super nice and asked us about our dishes and experience. He seemed proud of his business, I enjoyed it overall. My man would love the cocktails and the fact that they shoot Four Roses. NOM NOM!
<review# 96,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2014,8/21/2014,280,396,12,16,20>OMG, The Ghetto Burger. I've heard so many great things about the burgers and Ann over the years - through press, Yelp, and word of mouth - I was a little worried this would end up being another case of high expectations dashed. I should've had more faith in Ms. Ann. The Ghetto Burger is quite a large one - double beef patties which are a bit unstructured - not as tightly packed, but that only adds to the deliciousness, American cheese melted on top, lettuce, tomato, a bit of mustard, and the pièce de résistance: chili. The chili made this burger for me, it's possibly the best chili I've ever had and it made me really, really tempted to order the chili fries, but I resisted. Somehow. The burgers were served with a plate-full of fries, which didn't look like it would amount to much, but I was pleasantly surprised by how much I enjoyed them - especially with the seasoning. The staff was excellent - easily the most charming and simultaneously, the sassiest waitstaff in the A - now that's a feat! We were also lucky enough to have the company of Miss Ann herself for part of our meal, where she told us stories from her 40 years + in business, what a character! I could listen to her talk all day. If you haven't made your way to Ann's, do so now! That Ghetto Burger is the real deal, out of the four burger places on the tour - Ann's was the best!
<review# 97,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2013,8/20/2014,167,170,4,7,10>What's there to say? If you're just visiting to understand the historical aspect of it, take the tour. Highly recommended. The tour guild will give you a feel and point out the big names within the cemetery itself. So you'll have more of an appreciation for the cemetery. Came here for a photoshoot meetup which just happens to coincide with the zombie walk. I think the cemetery cartakers are pretty cool about having different things go on within their confines. Please be courteous to the graves, statues, and landscaping.
<review# 98,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2013,8/19/2014,351,455,5,8,9>Perfect brunch spot, but I bet it's great for other times of the day too. It's a small restaurant but nicely laid out, we had people at the table next to us but I didn't feel like they were TOO close.While facing the great brunch dilemma- do I go sweet? Do I go savory? My husband and I decided to share one of each. We got the cordon Bly (named after their chef, I believe) and the Pinewood Perdue. Both were filling and delicious. The cordon Bly was a cheddar waffle with fried chicken, cheese, ham and the world's most amazing gravy. Seriously, what was in that gravy? Maybe I don't want to know. The Pinewood Perdue was a bourbon custard French toast and was so fluffy and bourbony. We added on the whipped cream and apples and did not regret that at all. The only thing I didn't love was my French pressed coffee. I don't know if it's just the nature of French pressed coffee but it was almost cold.. And because of the time it takes I really didn't feel like waiting for another one. For $4 though it's a great value since you get a few cups to yourself (or you can share with your date, I guess). I can't wait to check out their other offerings. (Half off cocktails on Wednesday anyone?!)
<review# 99,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2014,8/18/2014,209,595,6,10,8>I have been meaning to hit Miller Union up forever, but I don't venture over the interstate very much.  When I do I always feel like my heads about to explode with choices. My head had already been blown off with options on the East side, so as you can see my head is clouded with brain matter when trying to come to a decision on where to eat, especially on the other side of "the great divide".  Anyhoo, that really has no bearing on this review other than this was my first visit, but it definitely is not my last.I hit MU up during a weekday lunch.  Somehow there were numerous people lunching, laughing, and liquoring up. Where can I get their job? The soup of the day was a carrot and green onion (I think) so I had to get it.  Who can turn down a freshly made soup?  Not I. The soup was delightful; perfectly balanced and smooth going down.  I dream about soups such as that one. For my main course I got a smoked trout salad that had avocado, watermelon radishes, thinly sliced carrots, and a light lemon vinaigrette. It hit the spot... the I need to stop eating everything in front of my face spot. I wish that my office was closer so I could lunch here more often.  Even without the liquor I would be happy to drink in the beautiful surroundings and nosh on some delicious healthy food.
<review# 100,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2014,8/17/2014,257,221,6,11,8>I visited Café 101 with my Yelp friends, and we had a great meal.  My favorite dishes were the string beans (long green beans) and lamb burger (stir fried lamb served with rice steamed buns).  The string beans were stir fried and tossed in a sauce that was so delicious, I want to learn how to make it.  Or find myself a Chinese boyfriend who knows how to make them - whichever is fastest!  Trust me on this, order the string beans.  With the lamb burger, you put the meat between the bun yourself.  The lamb is stir fired with scallions and other onions but the meat also has spices that smell and taste great.  I think one of the guys thought the spices included cumin.  Whatever they were, they tasted yummy!  The only dish I didn't enjoy was the crispy beef - small pieces of beef fried in a batter.  There was too much batter and not enough beef.  We shared the dishes and split the check.  For the amount of food you get, the prices are reasonable.  I am normally not a food sharing fan, but it's a great idea here, so bring a group and order six dishes or so and you'll be satisfied.  Service was great.  The specials were extensively explained to us and every person who served us was polite and quick to respond to our needs.  The restaurant itself is pretty - dark wood furniture and red accents.  It was nicer than I expected and brightly lit which was a surprise for night time.  And parking is plentiful in their private lot which is awesome.
<review# 101,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2013,8/16/2014,1772,1772,8,33,17>Ssam Burger is a new Asian-inspired burger joint in West Midtown (Westside).  The restaurant soft-opened during the first week of December 2013 and officially opened on December 9, 2013.  In Korean, ssam means "wrapped."  This often refers to a wrap one might make when eating Korean BBQ, using lettuce to wrap meat and other condiments.Ssam Burger opened in a small strip mall on Defoors Ferry Rd, not far from Collier Rd.  It's located in the same neighborhood as Verde Taqueria, Big Easy Grille, De Palma's, and Hankook Taqueria.  In fact, the strip mall where Ssam Burger resides is where De Palma's used to be.The restaurant isn't very big.  It seats roughly 20 customers.  Seating consists of a communal, wooden, high top table in the center of the dining area and bar-style seating along the front window and perimeter walls.  The space has just been renovated and feels modern, clean, and fresh.  The atmosphere is casual.  You stand in line and order at the register.The menu currently features burgers, rice dishes, and creative sides such as lotus chips and Korean sweet potato fries.  They also have bubble tea!  The kitchen is headed by a graduate of Le Cordon Bleu.  Since the restaurant is new, the chef is still making changes to the menu.  Exciting creations are on the way.There are a lot of good burger restaurants in Atlanta, but none have an Asian twist like Ssam Burger.  That's what makes them unique.  All burgers use Holeman & Finch bread and Angus beef.  The burgers are beautifully presented, open-faced, on metal trays a la BBQ restaurants like Heirloom Market BBQ and Community Q.Food is ordered a la carte and is reasonably priced.  Burgers are $6.99 each, rice bowls $7.25 each, and sides about $2.00 each.  There's also an Asian kale salad for $4.99.  Teas are $3.50 each, one size only.So far, I've tried the following:Burgers:Seoul - Korean beef BBQ patty, sesame, arugula, red onion, ssam sauceKimcheese - Korean beef BBQ patty, provolone, kimchi, ssam sauceSides:Lotus chipsOther:Asian Kale Salad - kale, Mandarin orange, crispy chow mein noodles, white and purple cabbage, cilantro, and sweet plum sauceThe burgers are delicious.  I believe all burgers are cooked to medium unless otherwise specified.  The beef patties are hearty and overall, the burgers are quite filling and flavorful.  The ingredients are fresh.  In the Kimcheese burger, unfermented kimchi is used as opposed to the traditional, more sour, pickled version.  It works well.  The ssam sauce is similar to the sauce eaten with ssam (wraps) at Korean BBQ.  It's savory and made of ingredients like sesame oil, onion, garlic, and sugar.  The wondrous H&F bread brings it all together.The lotus chips are made fresh in the kitchen.  Raw lotus is thinly sliced and then fried and seasoned.  The chips are crunchy and addicting.  Definitely order some.  They're fun and distinctive.  I've yet to try the glazed Korean sweet potato fries, but plan to on my next visit.The Asian kale salad is a basic salad.  It's very healthy.  I'm a big fan of kale and love it when restaurants offer healthy options like kale on their menus.  The leaves are nice and crisp.  I think the salad works well as a side (to balance things out), though you may want to split it with another person due to its portion size.The bubble tea is surprisingly good.  It reminds me more of Honey Bubble's tea than Sweet Hut or Quickly's teas.  It's not as sweet as the latter two, which is a good thing.  There are about 10 different milk teas to choose from and over a dozen clear teas to choose from.  Toppings include tapioca pearls (the "bubbles"), coffee jelly, lychee jelly, and more.I recommend the pistachio milk tea and the lavender milk tea, with tapioca.  They have some of my favorite flavors, such as Thai tea and taro, on the menu too.  I also like that they have green tea (matcha) milk tea.  I would prefer if the tapioca was a bit softer, but generally, it's fine.Service is fast and efficient.  To-go containers are made from recycled materials and are biodegradable.Plenty of parking is available out front.  Weekday lunchtime is the restaurant's busiest time.  In the rare case parking isn't available, additional parking is available behind the building.I am very happy Ssam Burger has opened, mainly due to its close proximity to my home, delicious burgers and bubble tea, affordable prices (better than nearby Flip Burger and Yeah! Burger), and quick and friendly service.  I look forward to many visits in the future.
<review# 102,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2013,8/15/2014,78,155,4,7,8>I was seriously bummed when Kitsch'n 155 closed, but imagine my delight that Sobban has come to fill the void. They have given the space a sleek makeover that I only appreciated from a distance, since we sat on the patio on a beautiful fall day the first week of November. Outside, the patio has several round tables with large umbrellas to keep you from roasting in the midday sun, as well as one tall table that appears to seat about 6 people. Bonus points for the nice, quality furniture but the attached curved bench seating around the circular tables wasn't my favorite. I like to have control over how much space there is between me and the table. The server was attentive and friendly, maybe not completely up to snuff on the menu and some unfamiliar ingredients, but she took pretty good care of us. We started with dumplings, which were delicious, especially with the spicy dipping sauce. We tried a good a variety of the menu items, including the bibimbap, the soba noodles with tofu, and the garden kalguksu soup. All were declared delicious, although I noticed the bibimbap lacked the crusty layer of rice that is typical of the dish. My entree was the soba noodles with tofu and oranges, which was (surprisingly) served cold, but was delicious, light and refreshing. Overall we were very satisfied and plan to return again soon to try other dishes.
<review# 103,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2013,8/14/2014,433,615,3,5,2>Well my friend Bev and I decided to stop one day at this location. I looked up Fresh Food in Yelp and this location is right across the street from the cleaners so we zipped right over into the parking lot. From a distance we could tell that this place was crowded. There was a line going outside of the door. We parked and got in line with the rest of the patrons.I am happy to say that I am now in love with this place. The food is just what it says FRESH! It has been along time since I found a restaurant that reminds me of growing up in Georgia and picking my fruit and vegetables from the garden/tree and coming right inside to eat them. I had chicken soup and a turkey sandwich along with some sweet tea. A lovely older woman suggested that I add simple syrup to my tea if I liked it sweet. Being the Sweet GA Peach that I am. :) I did and she was correct. It added that extra sweetness that I like in my sweet tea. I must add that everyone from the person taking our orders to the cashier to the waitress staff were all so nice! It was a great experience and I will be back as often as I can!
<review# 104,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2013,8/13/2014,73,213,3,12,6>My Fiance's number one place for Sushi of which has ALWAYS been extra fresh and made to order! I'm not much of a Sushi fan but I do like some of Sushi Avenue's offerings. My fondest and favorite dish on the menu is their Noodles; the Beef or Chicken choices (I can't eat shellfish so can't comment on the seafood noodles) are well worth trying for those who love a rich hearty broth filled with extra lean tender beef or chicken mixed among perfectly cooked thick dumpling style noodles; Oh Boy is this stuff good!!!  Service is always fast and extremely friendly and the atmosphere is well thought out, very clean, and intimately inviting despite the small appearance of the exterior.Prices are extremely reasonable for the quality of items served,Sushi Avenue is a must try for those who enjoy fast, fresh foods with great service.
<review# 105,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2013,8/12/2014,32,225,6,11,5>Lunch on a weekday with a friend who worked in the area. The sushi side of the restaurant is terribly crowded but if you go to the regular dining area its pretty big and comfy. I had a pizza and my friend had some sushi, both delish. Service was good, and the have parking in the building so that helps. Would love to visit again but just havent been back yet.
<review# 106,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2013,8/11/2014,122,259,9,5,4>It's funny, I always think that I don't like Italian food, but it's not true. I always want Asian, but when my friends put their foot down and refuse to indulge me, "forcing" me to eat at sotto sotto, I quickly remember that I actually adore this sort of heavenly food. If all Italian was like this I would surely die fatter and happier. Much has already been said about this place,  yes, it's tiny and the tables are right on top of each other, but the food is so divine it hardly matters. Wine list is amazing, and as a non- connoisseur/beer girl , I got help from my friendly server and was quite pleased. I'm trying not to drool on my keyboard, but my scallops were so amazing that I was basically forced to keep mumbling over and over "omg. These scallops are omg...so good".  One of my table mates mistook that as an invitation to try and snag one, and it almost became violent. Get your own. I don't know about pairing my dishes...basically I like to let the menu talk to me and I order what I want, so I ended up with scallops and some pasta with duck ragu.  And please don't let the phrase "some pasta" make you think for a moment that this was some ordinary pasta cuz it wasn't. This was something utterly light tender and amazing! Can mere mortals make this pasta? It bears no resemblance to the crap that comes out of boxes in the market.  I've not had such delicate and delicious pasta outside of Italy.  And the duck ragu? Yeah.  Basically I could die a happy person after that dinner.  Next time I'm saving room for dessert.
<review# 107,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2014,8/10/2014,52,21,12,13,6>This review is for my visit on February 22nd.My friend Charity & I ran upon Cloud IX Lounge after attending a movie screening at Coze. Usually, I come to Peter St. for drinks & fun but never attempted to go to Cloud IX because of their subtle distance from "the Trifecta" (Spin, Blue Cantina, and 255 Lounge). We arrived to the lounge around 9pm. However, because we saw it said "restaurant" we stood near the steps waiting to be seated. No one came. TIP: Sit anywhere you want as long as it doesn't say "reserved". Don't be the dummy looking for a hostess.After finding a table, we finally got to see the menu. Cloud IX has an array of west Indian & soul food dishes. I ordered the crab fritters, mac n'cheese, and spinach; while Charity order the red snapper meal. ( SIDENOTE, I wanted the roti but the waiter informed me they didn't have it. You should never deny Trinidadian people roti!) Both plates well seasoned & pretty delicious. TIP: Expect for the kitchen wait-time to be 30+ minutes. Order a hookah. Take some Instagram photos. Talk to the DJ because, your food won't be coming out as fast as you expect it. After speaking to the owner, Tusean (spelling?) he informed me they just reopened and currently short of staff. Hence that's why our food came out so late. Now let's talk about ATMOSPHERE. Cloud IX's decor has plenty exposed brick accompanied with dim lighting over looking the Magic City sign. Very Atlanta. Yes it's on the Peter Street but please don't expect your 18 (fake id) - 24 (part time college student/ ALDO employee) crowd that you will find at "the Trifecta" places I listed above. Most of the customers wining & dining in Cloud IX look like young professionals who like to listen to Future from time to time. Speaking of Future...TIP: The noise level is pretty loud. Be aware that you will be yelling at your company. Also please ignore the grown ass man strolling and stepping next to your plate of catfish. Yes it might be ruining your dinner but he's just excited to out of the office.Overall, Charity and I will return again and they better have my roti!
<review# 108,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2013,8/9/2014,100,77,3,8,3>I must have driven by this place a million times, and every time I wrote it off even though there are always tons of cars in the parking lot. Finally, I decided to try it. Atmosphere is kind of dingy. It has that slightly dirty, bad lighting, loud basketball games combined with the loud drunk people feel. Delightful in every way. There is a traditional bar as well as plenty of seating in booths, tables, or high tops. One can watch the game at any place in the establishment. Seat yourself kind of place.Service was beyond amazing. The lady that was waitressing, and I wish I could remember her name for she was so sweet, was so helpful and checked up on us all throughout the night. It wasn't an annoying kind of checking up on, but she was doing her job really well and making sure we didn't need anything. It was quick and easy to have everything ordered on the table, and she carded all of us which doesn't happen often these days. I ordered medium hot wings, and I was immediately struck that the fries actually come with the meal! What?? Other places... you have to add it on! What is that about? So for the price of just ten wings anywhere else, I got ten wings AND fries. I thought I died and went to heaven. When the food came I was struck AGAIN! These weren't tiny little burnt-to-a-crisp wings that one often finds... these seemed like legit jumbo wings! I've ordered wings at sooo many places, and the size of those puppies - dang! Let me not forget the taste - they were cooked to perfection. Still hot. Generous amounts of hot sauce. Cold ranch dressing. And the fries were perfection seasoned and an average cut... I mean it was one of the most amazing meals I've had. Really good selection (though not perfect) of craft beers available in many forms. And really good prices. Most of the beers were going for a dollar or more less than when I find them at other places. Really pleased with this part. Overall, this place has beat out all other local brews and pub food for me in price, quality of service and quality of food. If you are in the area PLEASE stop here and give it a try! They also have plenty of weekly specials!
<review# 109,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2014,8/8/2014,213,662,13,12,9>I've hopped back on Yelp to let people know how lucky downtown is to have The Letterbox. Poor seagulls in line at Starbucks! The coffee is less expensive and just as tasty at The Letterbox.The shop also offers a selection of indie cards for many occasions: Congrats, You Had a Baby; Sorry for Being an Asshole; and the classic Happy Birthday.In addition to beverages, snacks, lotions, and greeting cards, The Letterbox sells a little collection of household items including lavender AirWick. I bought a can for my office to spray every time I fart. Yes, please step into my office.
<review# 110,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2014,8/7/2014,49,123,2,6,6>At 1:30pm on a Sat in Springtime ATL, where every other place in the immediate vicinity has a 30+ minute wait time, it was wonderful to walk into FB and be seated right away! I was pleasantly surprised at the extensive menu that offered plenty of vegetarian options! It was a tough choice but I decided to try their Egg-Ceptional breakfast platter. This comes with 2 eggs, sunny-side up, over black bean patties smothered in salsa and topped with sour cream. I found the bean patties to be a little too soft and mushy for my taste and the tomatillo salsa too bland. I would have preferred a spicy tomato salsa instead to give then dish some spice and better flavor. As usual, the plate came with a delicious FB biscuit! Dipped in yummy apple butter, I could devour a dozen! The side of grits were rather unique tasting which caused me to inquire from our server what were their ingredients. I learned that these special grits contains white cheddar and a ton (!) of cream! This is different than your typical Waffle House simple grits. I was taken back by their overly rich creamy flavor. Not sure if I would order them again or not. Still digesting so that decision will have I wait. We had a wonderful server who was kind enough to take a photo of us to mark this special outing! Thank you FB for bringing such fun and fabulous food to our special day!
<review# 111,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2014,8/6/2014,56,131,3,3,2>Sold!  The fried chicken was so good.  Crisp, light (yeah, light...like good for u ;)....the deviled eggs...the server said it has a secret ingredient and I believe him.Brooklyn something cake was great.Maybe just add a green veggie to the basket of fried chicken deliciousness...But fantastic time.  Service spot on.  Crowded but can still have a conversation!  Good drink/cocktail selection.Can't wait to bring the 'rents to see how the pastrami measures up!!
<review# 112,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2013,8/5/2014,158,115,3,5,4>One of my favorite Midtown spots to grab a casual bite or drink during the week. They have a big patio and even live music some evenings (but it can get loud). It's always packed on the weekends, and for good reason.To say their chips are sprinkled with crack is an understatement. If you ever have an urge to try powdered heroin, just skip on over to Tin Lizzy's and inhale a basket of these chips instead. Three amigos all the way (salsa, queso, and guac). I sometimes dream about it at night. Ugh.Their tacos, quesadillas, and skillets are all good. Pretty standard Tex-Mex. Service has always been awesome. Overall a Midtown favorite that has always been good to me.
<review# 113,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2014,8/4/2014,97,142,2,6,6>So today was the Grand Opening! Now, I really shouldn't have eaten this because I'm coming down with some sort of sickness *cough cough*. BUT! I enjoy local places and this is one time I was actually able to come out and show a little support.This is more like a stand, with an itty bitty parking lot that could be very hard to get out of during rush hour. However, they do have a couple tables to sit down at if you want to relax while you partake in custardy goodness lol.I got the little scoop of vanilla custard with a caramelized banana topping. They have basic custard flavors because their variety of toppings are what really make the experience, and if the caramelized banana is any indication of what else I have to look forward to... I'm sold!I absolutely can't wait to turn my coworkers on to this little gem!
<review# 114,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/5/2013,8/3/2014,13,59,6,6,5>Water finds its level, all rivers lead to the ocean, and being an unrepentant Mexican food junkie and taco sleuth my visit to El Arroyito was just as inevitable. This restaurant is located in the former home of "The Chicken House":  a Mexican restaurant that had a pretty good thing going until they moved over to the 'big time' of Jonesboro road and were hit with an unfortunate case of suck that they seem doomed to recover from. The decor of El Arroyito is simple, the service slow....bordering on absent, but unlike most mom and pop Mexican restaurants you can actually have a conversation and hear yourself think here. If you need to get caught up on your Telenovelas, or you're trying to move into that next tier of hearing loss, then this may not be the place for you. The menu is pretty sizable and they cover a lot of Latin American ground from Pupusas to Posole with a whole alphabet in between. When I saw BBQ goat on the menu I smartly closed my menu and felt like my stuff had been turned up to 11....until I read the fine print and saw that it's only offered on the weekends. Man, one second you've got a popsicle and the next you're just holding the stick. I went with enchiladas with red sauce ,my time-honored measuring stick for Mexican restaurants, and my girlfriend got Fajita Tejanas. The food took forever to arrive and when I snagged a completely unseasoned piece of beef off her sizzling skillet, I was disappointed and afraid things weren't going to end well. Then it got real.What sets El Arroyito apart and makes them better than average are the sauces. The enchiladas were glazed with a thin and tangy sauce that confounded my taste buds with a complex riddle of Je Nous Se Qua. Tomatillo? Vinegar? Couldn't put my finger on anything except that what I was dealing with was surely legit. The fajitas came with a roasted green jalapeno dipping sauce as well as a dried red chile casera-style hot sauce that tasted like the pure blood of the land. All of the sauces kicked like a pissed off mule and not a complaint was had.
<review# 115,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2013,8/2/2014,14,120,2,6,2>We choose to skip the tasting menu after reading so many mixed reviews on yelp.  And we are so GLAD we did!  Their regular dinner menu has 3-4 selections in each course.  We opted to choose 1 item each from the courses and it ran just a little over  the tasting menu price of $85.My pics: for $87Blue Crab Gallete...AMAZING!Veal Sweetbreads...pretty good, I've had others I like better.Beef Tenderloin...very good, but I was too full to finish it.  The Armanac sauce they                             poured over it was divine.My GF pics: for $85Sturgeon Caviar...the caviar was good, but the celery root cream was too sweet for                              our taste.Jerusalem Artichoke Soup... Another Amazing dish...I would order this next time!Herbed Grouper...very good and the mushroom fondue with it was my friends favorite                              part of the dish.If your worried about the tasting menu not being enough food, order a la carte like we did, you won't be sorry!
<review# 116,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2013,8/1/2014,84,101,4,6,5>This is a hidden gem in my neighborhood.  Up the street from my house and across the street from my Alma Mater (Atlanta Metropolitan State College).  If you want to experience truth southern cuisine, you need to stop here!Check out my food review website to get additional details.
<review# 117,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2013,7/31/2014,37,241,4,6,3>One of my favorite movie theaters in Atlanta. They always have an interesting mix of big releases, indie and foreign films on the marquee. The theatre here is clean, has comfy big chairs, just the right slant so the tall person sitting in front of you doesn't impede your view, clean bathroom and a friendly staff. Parking can be a jam as the lot is shared with other stores in a strip mall. Don't let that deter you - carpool with your pals to catch a fabulous flick. Tip: movies can sell out. Pick tickets up early or online.
<review# 118,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2013,7/30/2014,226,205,5,4,4>Yo I really love Fresh 2 Order!I remember when they first opened this location in Cumberland. I walked in, saw the prices and walked out. I was not about that life. What I didn't realize at the time was that the food was healthy , fresh and cut off from the ratchets in the food court of Club Cumberland.Everything I've had here has been very delicious, from the panini's to their salads and pizzas (RIP). They have a nice customer loyalty program where you can earn money off your meal or a free cookie or drink every once in a while. It doesn't hurt that they give a discount to mall employees. I feel like I'm part of the F2O family because everytime I walk in the regular employees recognize me, address me and carry on a relevant conversation with me. If you've ever worked in the service industry you know that is a big deal.Generally when I eat here I either get their asian crunch panini combo (they have panini combos that come with either a soup or salad), the waldorf chicken salad panini, or the tomato and mozz panini. I have been getting salads lately but I love the chicken tortilla soup.When I stop working at Cumberland I will miss going to this location often.Oh side note, if you become mayor thru Foursquare, they don't do the 50% off discount anymore for mayors. They will give you 20% if you say something about it.#Yelp100
<review# 119,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2014,7/29/2014,114,99,4,5,4>Went to Villains for lunch today and really enjoyed it. The atmosphere is cool and casual, and the El Guapo was exactly what I wanted. I always love the mexican style combo of shredded chicken, black beans, and avocado! The kale salad I had on the side was awesome. I can't wait to return to Villains and try more sandwiches. I've also heard their breakfast is pretty good.
<review# 120,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2014,7/28/2014,78,163,2,10,5>Seems our group has mixed reviews on this place, but I loved it. It is definitely no frills, but it's clean and it's for charity. The service can be spotty, but what can you expect when you have volunteers waiting the tables. The chef is professional, however. I highly recommend the fried chicken. It comes as chicken and waffles. However, I am not a Belgian waffle fan. I like the regular thin waffles...a la waffle house. lol.  So, maybe that's why I did not enjoy the waffle portion. If you are like me then I'd suggest ordering the fried chicken a la carte...it's worth it. The sweet tea and the grits were excellent as well. My friend had a seafood omelet...it was a special that day. It was awesome! All in all I recommend this place for a good brunch. Keep your expectations in place as far as ambiance and service.  All tips and cost of entree goes towards charity.  Tip: Do not park in the lot beside the restaurant...it's reserved for other establishments, your car will be towed.  Park for free on the street or the alley behind the restaurant.
<review# 121,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2014,7/27/2014,141,223,3,8,5>I've been to both Vortexes now, twice each. I have friends who are rabidly obsessed, so I indulge them and go to The Vortex from time to time. I don't share their fervor, but neither would I say that The Vortex sucks, because I don't believe that either. I'd give it 3.8 stars, if that were possible. Now, the hype for the place, I truly don't get it. I mean, I guess there's something to be said about a place that has been around for a while, and has extreme fans that are frequently there. That being said, I feel like if you asked me to tell you about a distinguishing characteristics on either the clientele or the servers I could say this with candor: generally, they all look the same. I guess that is a part of the Vortex's charm, and I don't fault it for that; it is known for its trendy and hip clientele. The food here, in my opinion, is not bad. I would even say that their burgers are good. The rest of the menu is only so-so, as far as I've experienced it. I'm just not so sure if their prices accurately reflect the way the food tastes here. They seem to be a little full of themselves in terms of their reputation, but I get the feeling that is exactly the kind of vibe they're going for.If you come here expecting to be seated any time soon, then you are in for a surprise. There are no reservations here, but they have usually been able to seat us at the bar pretty quickly. And I don't mind that at all. Maybe the bar tenders are more focused on getting drinks for people than refilling my water, but the service was friendly, and the bar tenders/servers amicable enough. All in all, good burgers but not the best I've ever had.McDonaldsWendy'sShake Shack5 GuysSmashburgerYeah! Burger The VortexFarm BurgerEinstein's
<review# 122,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2014,7/26/2014,35,77,1,8,3>I used to go here all the time with my fiancé and then we stopped going for 7 months or so. Yesterday was our first day back and I still love the place! The only reason we went on this hiatus is because we literally came here every week. I think we had a mutual, unspoken understanding that we had to give it a break. Plus, we were new residents moved from Las Vegas and we wanted to see what else Atlanta had to offer. The  environment is clean and quiet. The decor is quaint yet simple. There's a TV and I believe Wi-Fi. This is a family owned restaurant and the owner's kids usually serve the customers. They're respectable, nice kids. Today's lunch, we ordered panang curry and it came with white rice. The curry was delicious and I recommend it to anyone who hasn't tried curry yet (and to those that have tried curry too)! The flavors melt in your mouth. We also got basil rolls which are somewhat similar to Vietnamese spring rolls minus the noodles. Good, healthy appetizer! They gave us 2 spring rolls also but we didn't pay for it so I believe they were complimentary. For drinks we got a taro slushie and a honeydew slushie. Definitely recommend them if you haven't tried either flavors before. Next time, I'm forsure ordering the mango sticky rice for dessert. I've been wanting to try that since FOREVER! Overall, I can't believe we stayed away for so long so yes definitely coming back again in the VERY NEAR future  and I recommend to anyone in the area!!
<review# 123,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2013,7/25/2014,80,44,3,10,8>WOW. The seafood is very fresh and the service is AWESOME. The entire staff (the host, bartender, and waiter) bent over backwards for us! I chose this place for the BF's "Surprise" B-Day dinner. I don't think I could have made a better pick. They even placed a "Happy Birthday" sign at their largest table! The staff members assisted in the small surprise. They even stored the birthday pie in the freezer for the 2 hours before we arrived and brought a slice to the table! (This the pie was a "inside joke" and they helped it make it so special!)  We had a round of appetizers and gin. Craig was courteous and gracious with the birthday boy! His service was impeccable! (We'll be requesting him on every visit from now on.) I know...I've gushed enough. Here's the nitty gritty! LOCATION: It's tucked next to the gelato shop in the heart of the Highlands. Be prepared for street parking at $2.00 an hour or circling to find a neighborhood parking spot. The restaurant is cozy, but not too tight. The area makes for great people-watching, browsing, or boozing. The neighborhood is incredibly safe, family friendly, and mature. FOOD: The crab and shrimp dip is to die for! I tried an Alligator Sausage Gumbo as well. It was fabulous! The Lobster Puffs and the Cakes cakes are small, but filling! The pour on that Tanqueray was all a stressed out b-day planner could ask for! They offer fresh fish daily. I'm eager to try this on another visit. SERVICE: You read the beginning of the review, right? :) One more shoutout to the staff. They really rock! PRICE: We scored 3 appetizers, 1 soup, and 2 Tanqueray Doubles for $67, including a generous tip. --The average cost of a shellfish entree was around $21.00. --If you choose to select a fresh piece of fish, you're in luck. There's a variety of price and taste, depending on the daily catch. (Fish can be served one of six ways. Each preparation has its own accompaniments, side items, and/or sauces.) Additional sides like collard greens or jalapeño cornbread are only $3! --I'd estimate couple could grab two entrees, an app, two glasses (or a bottle) of wine, and split dessert  for $95-$100, including the tip. We'll definitely return. If you follow my reviews, you're aware I'm a softie for great service. The food is priced perfectly. As divers, we love the sustainable angle and understand that this method is more time consuming and difficult. The place is everything you want in a "little seafood place". Give it go!
<review# 124,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2014,7/24/2014,139,107,7,9,7>This is great bar right down the street from me! They cater to adults and not the children rift raft from crescent. Service:Bartender is really nice and makes excellent suggestions. They are very attentive.Food:I had the scallops and a couple of other small bites. Everything was very tasty!Atmosphere:I love it. This is truly an adult bar. Nice and quiet and dark. A great place to come unwind after work. Drinks:They have quite a wine selection. They have tons of craft cocktails. I had 75 SOUTHthe perfect light, fruity and sparkly start to the night with some southern inspiration. this champagne cocktail features cathead honeysuckle vodka, strawberries, fresh lemon, and is topped with bubbly.  It was absolutely delicious.I think this will be one of my new favorite spots. I can see me coming here a lot!
<review# 125,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2013,7/23/2014,13,118,3,4,2>Great experience! You have to take the classes - they are so awesome. Expensive but worth it. Each instructor has their own way to teach which makes the experience  all the more awesome. Kicks our butt each and every time. For massages I have had the deep tissue with Kristen and she gets into your muscles so much it will make you cry - but afterward you feel like a Champion!
<review# 126,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/27/2013,7/22/2014,89,423,4,10,6>A standby Mexican place in Midtown. YES. This is all we wanted. All we (every 20-something in Midtown) wanted was a normal Mexican place. Cheap. Thin, crispy chips in unlimited amounts. Free salsa. Plenty of seating. Daily specials. Decent food. You don't need to be cute about it and have a cool name or fancy decor. I've been here a few times now because all the other mexican places in Midtown seem...well...pretentious. Mi Cocina is great but a little pricey. Tin Lizzy's food isn't all that great save for the addictive chip seasoning. Escorpion is fancy shmancy. What if you just want to stuff yourself silly with chips and cheese dip while wearing a hoodie and jeans and have no one else judge you? I usually order the nachos which are slathered in their cheese dip. If your dining companions don't want queso (or you don't want to share) this is a good option. But since I'm trying to be healthier, and I had already ordered their $5 house margarita on special last night (Thursday), I went with a salad. I had the Spring Salad with steak and was surprising impressed! The steak that was on top was marinated in something delicious because I couldn't get enough of it. All the other parts of the salad were delish too. Next time I'd order with dressing on the side, though, because the cranberry vinaigrette was a little sweet for me. Drinks have never disappointed. I accidentally (or not?) ordered their 32oz beer at the bar recently- it was a good price. Also, the aforementioned margarita was quite good. Better than I expected for something that was on special. Service has also usually been good too. Prompt and aware, but not overbearing. Sadly, they don't have a whole bunch of TVs, but there aren't many Mexican places that do. They have 3 or 4 large flatscreens mounted along one wall of the restaurant so if you're going to watch a game, just be sure to mention that to your hostess. I'm definitely going to be back, at least as long as I'm living in Midtown.
<review# 127,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2013,7/21/2014,90,257,9,14,11>So I don't just like Jack's...I LIKE like Jack's. I can realistically see my self coming here once a week for the next decade. I'm really not cool enough to be a regular on Jack's deluxe back patio, but (fingers crossed) maybe I'll start morphing into one of the trolly hipsters who make up the large majority of Jack's clientele. They have $1 beers (I kid you not) ALL THE TIME. It's not so easy to find a $1 beer these days. 40s Friday is basically the best deal in America. The 40s of Highlife are $1 if you order the right thing. You can get a 40 + 10 wings for $9.44, a 40 + garlic bread for $4.44, a 40 + a slice of cheese for $4.44 , or a 40 + a large cheese pizza for $12.44. Duct tape is not provided for those interested in partaking in a public display of Freddy forty hands. The deals simply blow my mind. Jack's has lots of fun things other nights of the week.  On Friday, in addition to the special on 40s, they have BINGO inside. They also do trivia a few nights a week with special themes like cartoon trivia for example. I hear their bloody Sunday $3 bloody Mary special is a good one to check out.  The atmosphere is so casual and comfortable I can't even handle how great it is.  There is fairly limited seating inside so it could be packed on a rainy or cold day.  Otherwise, the back patio is the place to be. The group I went with all took advantage of the 40 + 10 wings deal.  The wings were pretty much the best wings I've ever had. I didn't even care about the ranch dipping sauce (I know, it sounds crazy).  They have some interesting wing flavors like strawberry sriracha and bourbon BBQ in addition to normal flavors. We also ordered a basket of tots to share around the table.  The coin size tots were a great side that I would recommend. The waiters at Jack's are hustling. On the back patio, two waiters were covering probably 12 tables each and I know they had tables inside as well. I like patio sitting especially on a Friday night, but if I had been in a hurry it would have been a bit of a problem.We were unfortunately forced to leave when a huge rain storm came up making patio sitting not so enjoyable, but I can't wait to get back over to this A +++ establishment.
<review# 128,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2014,7/20/2014,46,195,2,4,2>Great lunch! It was quiet on a Wednesday early afternoon when we came here and I was pleasantly surprised by the great quality of the food, when it looks kind of generic-pubby inside. I shouldn't have been surprised, the purveyors of Leon's and Kimball House surely would never disappoint on the food front. Still, my turkey sandwich was freaking awesome. I can't wait to come back for dinner and fancy beer. Great vibe, service was friendly and not rushed at all.
<review# 129,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2014,7/19/2014,50,171,4,9,4>I had bookmarked this place for a long time, but Benjamin's recent review got me going. I visited in a Friday afternoon after a long meeting with one of my mentors and I was starving. I'm so glad they have their own small parking lot as parking in the Highlands can get painful. The place is clean and simple. I ordered and took a place at one of the stools in front of the counter. I had the sweet potato soup with ginger which was very tasty and very addoc to the weather , both of them vegan. And then I had the kale salad with quinoa and cranberries which was really tasty. The mix was a perfect combination that it didn't allow the kale to overpower but let it stand on it's own and the portion was just the right one. I definitively appreciate a place that prepares meals with natural/organic resources and even more when they use cow milk alternatives and vegan food. I'm definitively planning to come back and will update my review once I try their smoothies and juices.
<review# 130,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2013,7/18/2014,85,212,3,8,5>The Banh Mi sandwiches are absolutely delicious here. Quite authentic and fresh, with the price being just right. I have tried both the pork (DELICIOUS) and Tofu (also amazing) Bahn Mi sandwiches. There are a good selection of drinks that go with the sandwiches as well.Q is an awesome person to talk to and sit while you are eating your food. She has also just added a breakfast Bahn Mi that is available at 7:30am if you want to grab one on your way before work.Well worth a visit!
<review# 131,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2014,7/17/2014,171,162,2,6,5>A hidden treasure tucked away in the busy Lenox shopping center, Seven Lamps is the perfect "alternative" dining option in the area.Somewhat of an "experiential" dining location, Seven Lamps has mostly communal seating, so if you go during peak lunch hour, expect to be seated with those that you don't know. Although I was initially turned off by this idea, it actually provided for an even more intimate atmosphere, especially if you are there with your significant other, as I was.Don't look at the menu expecting to find the usual items because you'll be surprised at the flavor combinations they've come up with. Although the menu changes with seasonal ingredients, they always seem to offer a variety of home-cooking style dishes with a twist.TIP: Go for sunday brunch and get the chicken and waffles... they are to die for!Oh, and don't skip out on the drinks! Their house-made jerk sodas are wonderfully refreshing.
<review# 132,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2014,7/16/2014,61,50,3,12,5>A tasty, unique, community-oriented brunch experience that should be experienced at least once by any Atlantan, ideally for a long morning meal.On Sundays 9a-3p Cafe Jonah holds a "pay what it is worth" buffet. They suggest $20/adult and $10/kid, but you truly can pay whatever. Upon paying you are given a plastic coin token to put in 1 of 3 baskets, which represents how the 10% proceeds of they day will be paid forward to local charities. The restaurant is in a converted house, with 2-3 tables in each of the 5 cozy rooms plus a front patio and back deck. The space is a bit crowded, but it does add to the community ambiance. Go expecting to meet other people. The "all you can eat" buffet was a tasty choice of a dozen or so dishes, all of which were sampled and enjoyed across two dishes. The Kale salad with Georgia Trout was a nice surprise. The pastries were top notch; notable was the cinnamon sticky stick. Coffee was also top notch, with Batdorf & Bronson  and Dancing Goats as options. Service is self-serve. Again, this may put some off but I appreciated it.
<review# 133,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2014,7/15/2014,157,111,6,8,3>I really hope this place goes mainstream even though I am very possessive and would like this place all to myself. But alas, this gem is too good not to share. I think their burgers tops H&F's burgers. I mean you don't have to wait a certain time or on Sunday to have their burger nor do they have a limit. I've only sampled a burger and was blown away from the well season meat to their unique sauce. I can't wait till I am able to sample everything that is on the list. The owners are so sweet and down to earth. Illegal Food definitely has a customer for life!
<review# 134,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2014,7/14/2014,74,589,2,6,5>Kirkyard is pretty good. Given that it doesn't have much competition in the area, it's pretty easy for Kirkyard to stake claim as the neighborhood bar. The feel of the place is kind of like Buffalo Wild Wings, giant TV screens are everywhere you look. Good for sports, bad if you want to actually talk with a human being.All of that aside, the burger I had was pretty good. The fries were lukewarm when they arrived and my fiancees philly was sub-par; for that they lose a star. The drink list is decent, so not much to say about it.
<review# 135,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2014,7/13/2014,193,304,4,6,6>I didn't like Octopus Bar when I ate here shortly after it first opened, but now it's a couple years and a couple chef changes later, and the last several tries have all been pretty solid.  It's just one of the better options for food and drinks past midnight, what with many fine eating and drinking establishments intown actually close surprisingly early.  What we have here is a place popular with industry folks and some of the hip EAV/Edgewood type crowd, serving pretty diverse range of gastro-pub, izakaya, and Asian street food inspired dishes, plus a range of mixed drinks and with flourish almost half a dozen sakes which is nice.  You wouldn't say that any of the dishes is the best version of that dish in Atlanta but damn if it isn't convenient to be able to order a good lobster roll, hamachi kama, a Chinese steamed fish, and a porterhouse steak all at the same time, at one o'clock in the morning, sometimes with cool live music performance.  The quality and selection of raw oysters have improved somewhat as well now so kudos to that.  The mixed drinks are somewhat derivative but not bad and nothing if not "current".   Think about the competition at this kind of hours if you don't want to go up Buford Highway to grace the likes of El Rey Del Taco, okay Cantonese greasy spoon, 24 hour Vietnamese: middling diners, Vortex burger, Victory Sandwich, maybe Top Flr and Bookhouse, R Thomas, maybe Ammazza.  Nothing really quite like Octopus Bar in terms of uniquely diverse offerings and atmosphere/energy.  So, literally, at the end of the day, the niche appeal combined with the solid quality allow Octopus Bar to excel.  I'll inevitably end up here again in the near future, and be satisfied.
<review# 136,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2014,7/12/2014,9,115,1,5,3>I had driven by this place on my to work like a million times before I finally stopped in. It is a vegan deli/bakeshop.  My absolute favorite thing is the Mexican chocolate chip cookie. It's a little spicy, almost like a spice cake and it's a little like a chocolate chip cookie. I can never resist having one if they are available when I stop in.  Everything else I have tried: hummingbird cake, carrot cake and cupcakes,  have been great. I have only tried the sweets here. Apparently they have breakfast sandwiches,  lunch sandwiches, bread and other savory treats. I am looking forward to making my way through the menu and trying some of the savory items.
<review# 137,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2014,7/11/2014,115,119,1,5,3>Lobster Roll!!!!! I must say it wasn't as big as I wanted it to be, but boy was it good i guess they went up in price also, because it cost around $19 and some change 0_o I munched on some crab dip with crackers while I was waiting for my order to be prepared and I was so shocked on how much flavor it had and how good it was in general. This typically isn't a place I would visit while i'm on a strict budget but when I want to splurge on a weekend lunch, its now my go to spot.I will be back for sure!
<review# 138,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2014,7/10/2014,219,102,5,7,6>Came here for an anniversary with the boy and everything was delicious. We made reservations that afternoon and were promptly seated when we arrived. As the night went on, I could see several groups having to wait for a table so I would highly recommend making reservations if you plan to come on a weekend evening. Our server was attentive without being overbearing and made great recommendations for us since it was both our first time. She steered us away from ordering the fillet, saying the portion was small even though it was a pricer dish. I really appreciate it when servers are honest. For appetizers, we got the roasted sweet potato and pommes frites. We were both shocked by how large the portions were when they arrived. The roasted sweet potato was our favorite dish of the night. The medley of roasted sweet potato, spicy sausage, brussels sprouts and apple cider was perfection. Definitely something I would love to replicate at home. I pretty much was stuff after this and we hadn't even gotten our mains yet! The pommes frites were standard fresh-cut french fries with a decent mayonnaise-based sauce. Most of the other tables were sharing the meats & cheeses dish which I would definitely have to try next time. For entrees, I had the Strazzapretti (baby octopus with arrabiata parsley leaves on pasta). Octopus was perfectly cooked, not chewy or gummy and the light sauce was just what I wanted. The pasta was tougher than I was expecting, but it was still quite good.  The boy ordered Pork Flat Iron and really enjoyed it. The meat was very tender. He didn't even have to use a knife. I was too preoccupied with my food to take more than a few bits of his (shocker!). Worthy of noting, the drinks here are strong! I'm pretty good about handling my cocktails, but I was definitely feeling thangs after a single Captain & Pandora, a gin-based cocktail. Despite it being strong, it was still very good which is always a plus. The atmosphere here was definitely very busy, but I felt like it never got too loud for you to actually hold a conversation. Dress code ranged from nice-casual to business casual. We left satisfied and with yummy leftovers that were even better the next day. Can't wait to come back to try a few more dishes!
<review# 139,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/23/2013,7/9/2014,62,121,5,10,8>I don't know what I can say about Mary Mac's that hasn't already been said.  My friend Richard R broke it down pretty well.  This is a great place in midtown to go when you want some good, southern food with great service.  I've been a few times and every time I leave happy with a really full belly!  You get a lot of food for the amount you spend and I've never had a bad service.  The servers are SUPER friendly, bringing that real southern hospitality.  The last time we went I got the smothered chicken, broccoli souffle, and mac n cheese.  The chicken is really good and the sides were pretty good.  The star was the bread basket they bring beforehand, however.  The rolls and cornbread are pretty good, but nothing beats those cinnamon rolls!  We held off eating them before the meal and just had them as dessert after.  All I can say is give this place a try for lunch or dinner soon!  I know I'm looking forward to going again.
<review# 140,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2013,7/8/2014,55,299,2,11,3>It's been too long, Cafe Bombay. Way too long...!!! I've been here in years past for their dinner, primarily, but decided to come for the lunch break on Veteran's holiday - thank you soldiers! My husband had never been but I've been waiting to introduce him to this place. And... I guess my little one as well (1.5 years old). We went for lunch and arrived around 12:45. While it was busy, there was still room for us and a baby. The lunch crowd appeared to be a good variety of business people, casual lunch meetings and friends. They were always on top of our water and also quick to pick up our plates when cleaning up.It's been awhile since I visited so the whole ambience was a bit different from back in the day. It seems they stepped up their game and added granite counter tables! As for food, I loved their chicken tikka masala, chicken biryani, soft cheese tikka masala, naan, chicken tandoori and chicken tandoori wings, eggplant curry, and sweet carrot dessert.  The main I have is that the chicken tandoori wings were much more moist than the chicken tandoori drumsticks. Apart from that, no other real comments. It was delicious.Oh! They had their meat dishes split from their vegetarian dishes. My husband loved their vegetarian dishes. I must admit that they were good. For example, the eggplant? I'm not a big fan of eggplants but it did me good! Flavor was perfect...I'm coming back again soon...!!!
<review# 141,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2013,7/7/2014,196,217,6,15,6>This is our 'local' - both for drinks on the patio and a light bite to nibble on when a full meal isn't required. My bf appreciates the the $2 Tecate beer special- available all day every day. I like the white queso with jalapeños and fresh fried warm light and crispy tortilla chips as well as the best thing on the menu: Carne Asada topped with a delectable balsamic glaze and crispy "tobacco" onions, basically onion strings. A filling choice, really a small entree unless you're really hungry, for $8. Mondays are always fun and crowded with the $2 tacos (all except the lobster one are on special, even the shrimp, grilled steak and famed "trailer park" taco which is a healthy size piece of fried chicken slathered with queso and nestled in a small flour tortilla). Service is mostly very good to great in terms of friendliness, but it can be spotty at times with long gaps between visits to the table. Depends on the server and the day, I guess!
<review# 142,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2014,7/6/2014,108,232,5,10,6>I decided to try sugaring because, well, who doesn't want hot sugar on their ladybits?Okay, really, I just like to be in on the cool trends and I had never tried it before.  Sweet Peach got great reviews so I decided to give it a go.I called for a last minute appointment and was scheduled with no problem.  The studio is cute and clean.  I forget my girls name but she was also cute (and clean I presume).The process itself hurt like a summabish, but that's my fault for how I timed the appointment.Here's what's important:I was the smoothest I've ever been and "game day ready" when I walked out of there.  Usually after waxing I need to shower to clean up any residue, but I left so fresh and so clean.For that reason alone, I'll return for more sugaring.
<review# 143,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2014,7/5/2014,53,50,3,7,3>There's a reason Atlanta is known for the Vortex, a reason that visitors put it on their to-do lists. They serve absolutely delicious food. I'm not really into burgers. I realize that my disclosure of that fact may cause you to double-take and question why you'd ever trust this review. Let me say this: it's not that I don't like burgers, I just don't really crave them. I'll have a bite of anyone else's burger, and accordingly, I have tried almost every burger in Atlanta while only trying two of my own.The Vortex is one of the two places where I eat burgers all by myself. Specifically, the blue shroom burger, done medium-rare. I think all hamburgers want to grow up and become a Vortex blue shroom burger. The kitchen usually nails their temperatures, so I know my perfectly sauteed mushrooms and crispy bacon and gooey blue-cheese spread will be saturated with the tepid blood of cow. That's how I like it.Not gonna lie: there have been a few occasions when I did not order a burger here, and those were also awesome. They make a mean chicken sandwich.Of course, they don't allow anyone under the age of 18 to enter, so consider that if you're a family. Service is polite but not overly friendly - just read their menu and that shouldn't surprise you.And don't forget there's a comedy club in back! They are remarkably friendly and show some excellent talent. A perfect date night? Wash burgers down with something from their extensive beer/cocktail menu, then laugh your ass off in the back. If your date thinks that idea sucks, you know you shouldn't be dating them.
<review# 144,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2014,7/4/2014,114,208,1,6,3>Apparently there is always a line for this place, and on Saturday around 12:30 there wasn't a long one. It was my first time visiting and I had no idea it was cash or check only until I went to pay. That's pretty annoying. I didn't see signs anywhere so I either missed them or they didn't have any. I just think that its 2014, why won't you take cards? At least they have an ATM inside, even if there is a charge of $3.50 to use it.I think the soup/sandwich I got was a little expensive. I got the egg salad sandwich in pita bread and it was pretty good. There wasn't anything about it that stood out to me though. I had the tuscan white bean soup. It was very good. I had a hard time choosing between that and the turkey chili. I will be back to try out more of the menu. Im eager to taste the sandwiches with the different spreads and jams.
<review# 145,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2013,7/3/2014,21,138,3,8,3>I've had an amazing experience with Intown Bikes.When I decided I wanted a bike, I dropped in one day. Amy helped me narrow the field down to a handful of hybrid bikes, and let me test ride one around the neighborhood. She was informative, but never pushy. When I returned and was interested in another bike, she offered to have the store build it for me in the color I wanted so I could really see what I'd be buying.But...then I found the exact same bike, used, at a pawn shop, for much less. So I went ahead and bought it, and took it to Intown Bikes. I thanked them for building the other bike, and for their time, and said that I wanted to get my new bike checked out (always a good idea when buying used). I anticipated them wanting me to spend $75 on the full work down; instead, they looked it over and did a simple $30 adjustment. They were totally cool (actually, they simply didn't care at all) that I'd ended up buying a bike elsewhere.I purchased a rear rack from them, but balked a little at the $15 installation fee (I'm pretty handy, and it didn't look very difficult). They assured me I'd be able to install it on my own, and even explained how to do it. I also bought and installed a basket that turned out to be too small; they took it back happily.Basically, every time I've walked in this store people have been helpful, kind, and generous with their time and knowledge. Can't recommend them enough.
<review# 146,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2013,7/2/2014,93,154,4,7,3>I agree with the rest of the Yelpers when they say, these are the BEST wings in Atlanta!!! I have been coming here since 2007 and I'm a faithful fan. Their lemon pepper wings are made from the same materials that dreams are made of. Out of town guests always request I take them here. And if you want to do the happy dance, order their steak fries and the Philly cheese sandwich.
<review# 147,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2013,7/1/2014,68,195,5,9,6>Some may be perturbed by the self-serve beverage & silverware concept and limited seating, but I think that the real gems at Le Petit Marche are the food and friendliness of the business owners. We walked in and we were so obviously new. An owner immediately walked towards us, handed us menus and explained the process to us. Depending on the crowd, you may or may not have a wait to be seated. The coffee WAS DELICIOUS! I tried their French toast sandwich and it just blew me out of the water. I am one of those people that likes the mixture of sweet and savory (especially with meat) so I was hooked. The serving sizes were a little on the small size, especially for brunch, but it filled me up till around mid-afternoon. The seating was slightly uncomfortable, but you won't really be in there for long. It's more of a cafe than a full-fledged eat-in restaurant. I kept getting butt rubbed by some folks trying to pass behind me, but that's ok. There was a little draft in there too. I also suspect slightly poor ventilation as we left smelling like food......I will be back, but probably during non-peak hours.
<review# 148,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2014,6/30/2014,172,244,5,7,5>We went here for dinner with my daughter before leaving for our cruise.  I had a scoutmob for it.  First off. let me say, we will be back.  We had a really great meal, all around a great meal.  Our slightly kooky, goofy waiter made it all the better.  He was sweet. attentive and so well intentioned that it made the experience a little more fun.They have really cute cocktails and a nice wine list.The hummus is yummus and the Panzanella Tunis is amazeballs... I could eat three orders of that.My daughter had the couscous feast vegan style and she could not eat it all and loved it.  I tried a bite and the flavors were really good.  My man had the Barbary Brined Pork Confit it came with: Cauliflower purée, arugula apple salad, Brandied grape sauce and it was very tasty.  I had the Bistro Hanger Frites, which is a Grilled Hanger steak with mixed greens, home cut fries, peppercorn sauce and it was so very noms.The lavender creme brule was delicious and interesting.  We really enjoyed the meal. It's a lovely place with open parking.  It's behind One Midtown Kitchen kind of and that's fine.
<review# 149,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2014,6/29/2014,88,139,4,6,4>I have been dying to go here ever since my coworker told me about the 1/2 off oysters M-F from 5-7. #swoonTheir cocktails were impressive, however, be prepared to wait since on the weekends the bar is slammed and they are hand-crafted cocktails. If you want an adult beverage in a hurry consider ordering a glass of wine or beer.My friend and I split the tuna tartar, salad, chicken pate, pork belly, and another small dish with mushrooms (I can't recall the exact name of the dish). We did have a few beverages, after dinner drinks, two desserts, and our check was low for how much we ordered. Everything is reasonable priced for the quality and quantity of food you are eating. However, we are ladies, so some men may differ.Everything was amazing. By far my favorite was the pork belly and it's quite possibly the best I've had.I think what makes this place so wonderful is the service. It is easily one of the best experiences I've had while dining out in Atlanta.Oh, and if you like converse shoes and beards, this is your spot. ;)
<review# 150,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/2/2013,6/28/2014,97,173,3,7,5>While searching my memory for a healthy lunch option, I remembered hearing about this place from a fellow at Sevananda and decided it was time to give it a try. I am super glad I did!  The restaurant is a bit further from home that I normally travel for food, but it was certainly worth the extra 5 min. in the car.I opted for the pick 3 combo plate and tried the spicy kale, black-eyed pea hummus, and a coconut corn dish. All 3 were yummy but the spicy kale was a clear favorite. The kale is what will bring me back. I have never had better kale anywhere!! There were also several other dishes that I was interested in and will have to return to try those as well- wraps, raw/vegan sweets, tofu stuffed tomatoes- just to name a few. This is type of food that you can feel good about eating! The portions were very generous as well. I took mine to go and had enough left over for a second meal. (I'm a good eater, too). There is a $10 min on cards, so bring cash if you don't think you will spend that much.
<review# 151,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2013,6/27/2014,62,61,8,7,5>2 words I love to hear on an empty stomach..."SOUL VEGETARIAN 2!" Everytime I dine here I'm satisfied. I always feel like a cave woman when I eat the salad because I literally drink the dressing. Such a delicious flavor. This last visit I enjoyed the Jeruselum Rice dish with Kalebone. Oh my stars it was good and filling. My better half had the BBQ cauliflower and that is like seeing sweet baby Jesus in the flesh, its so scrumptious. Needless to say I will return again and again. Wearing my Sunday best because there's no reason not to show up sharp when the Lord shows out!!! Clawd have mercy I love Soul Vegetarian 2.
<review# 152,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2014,6/26/2014,86,149,4,14,6>Since I first moved to Atlanta over two years ago, I have heard whispers of this "Canoe" place and it's wonderfulness.  I finally made my first trip to Canoe over the holidays while my parents were in town.  And wow... I cannot believe that I waited so long to come to this spectacular gem of a restaurant.We made a reservation for the three of us and arrived about 20 minutes early, but they were able to accommodate us without a problem on the Friday after Christmas.  I didn't love the fact that they only offer valet parking, but given how wonderful the food and experience was I can forgive it.The restaurant was still adorned with festive decor - pine and ornaments and lights framed the entrance.  I was immediately charmed by the rustic elegance of the establishment especially - the canoe paddle door handles.  We were seated to a table by the window overlooking the river.  It was beautiful in the winter, but I can only imagine it would be a pretty spectacular spot in the spring/summer.Our waitress was incredibly informative, attentive, and delightful.  She went through the specials in detail, and patiently entertained our questions on everything from fish texture to wine recommendations.  To start off the meal, one of the staff members came by with an assortment of bread options - crisp flatbread, olive, sourdough.  For the main course, my father ordered the duck n' beef burger, loaded up with a sunny side egg.  He marveled at the massive masterpiece of a plate, complete with a side of fries.  I ordered one of the fish specials - a white fish from Maryland.  It was ridiculously fresh and flaky, and it was spot on with the white wine recommendation from the sommelier on staff.  My mother ordered the famed smoked salmon appetizer as her main dish.  Let me tell you - we all walked out smiling and satisfied.On our way out, the hostess smiled and inquired about our dining experience.  We thanked her for a delicious and memorable meal, and she promptly handed us the brunch menu and encouraged us to return.  Fresh pastries, egg concoctions and cocktails?  Don't mind if I do...Now I understand why eyes light up at the mention of this classic ATL institution of a restaurant.
<review# 153,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2014,6/25/2014,240,558,12,8,4>I have lived a stone's throw from Ameer's for over a year, yet not until this weekend did I finally try it out. My boyfriend recently moved to the area (hurray!) from Suwannee, so when we were unpacking his boxes, we decided to take a break for lunch and I felt like Mediterranean. When Ameer's, with all its good reviews popped up, we decided to give it a try. It's in a very low-key little strip mall next to the odd Hawaiian BBQ place and across from a Starbucks and Whole Foods Market. While it's not much to look at inside or out - they do a pretty darn good job of food.We decided to order the babaganoush appetizer and a chicken schwarma plate that came with rice, hummus, pita and a mixed veggie Lebanese salad to split. While we waited for our food number to be called at the counter, we were mesmerized by the TV playing Bollywood music videos. The pita that came with both the appetizer and the main dish was warm and fluffy and the kind that's thick enough to split open to make a falafel sandwich. And the babaganoush was definitely good, but still not as good as Opa's. I don't know what they do to make their so good, but it's unreal at Opa's. And the chicken schwarma was great - I was surprise how large the plate was, first of all - big portions of everything. It was tender and flavorful and I was stuffed by the end.While I can't declare Ameer's the overall winner, for a good mediterranean restaurant close by, it will be my new top choice.
<review# 154,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2014,6/24/2014,90,173,6,9,8>After an early movie, my bf and I came here for a quick bite. I had Chick-a-Biddy on my list of places to try. I didn't realize it's from the same team as Yeah! Burger, but looking back, the decor is similar. They must have improved the service, as our server was prompt and only lagged once when she forgot to bring ketchup momentarily. Both of us got the Fried Chicken Sandwich, I got the Brussels sprouts and added pimento cheese to the sandwich, and he got the sandwich hot and got fries. The food comes out pretty quick, which is great for the area if you're trying for a quick bite before a movie (and don't want to pay $16 for movie junk food). The sandwiches themselves were SUPER tasty. The pimento cheese was the right addition. I wish I could just eat that a la carte.Both sides...not good at all. Are these Brussels sprouts roasted? When I think roasted, I think crispy and a bit charred at the top. These were mushy and in a sauce (braised?) that was so potently salty it was hard to eat. The fries were way too salty as well. We stuck with just the sandwich and were pleased (sucks a bit though because the side would be the perfect amount to fill me up along with the sandwich). Because the sandwich was so tasty (I'd like another right now please!) and the service was good, I'll give this place 3.5 stars (round up to 4). I hope they rework the sides and fix the service issues others have seen in the past. It's got the potential to be a good spot that Atlantic Station needs.
<review# 155,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2014,6/23/2014,109,742,5,10,7>To me, respectful, attentive, polite service leaves the best impression - even more then the food - although what I ordered here was more than satisfying. At this elegant and romantic restaurant, I enjoyed the type of service I like best - where you feel that your enjoyment is what matters most to staff. Morgan, my server, was exceptional - attentive but not intrusive, friendly but not trying to be my best friend, professional and knowledgeable about the menu, but not robot-like mechanical. Seated in the main dining room by a large pillar, I enjoyed my candlelit dinner. There is also a bar, and the chef's table, which I sat at briefly to watch the many chefs work their magic. I was welcomed with bread freshly baked by their pastry chef - the olive pecan was a stunner - accompanied with tasty treats - pimiento cheese, olives, and a memorable eggplant relish. The eggplant was gentle, almost sweet - no overpowering onion or garlic here, to my relief. For my appetizer, I had goat cheese potato puffs, recommended by Morgan. These were excellent! I imagined they would be super-soft, like croquettes or what you get at a tapas bar, but this wasn't the case. They had a pleasant crunch to them, and were very light. I then had the oven baked Jonah lump crab cake which is served with a gentle whole grain mustard sauce. The crab cake was also nice, but the crabmeat was rather stringy instead of lumpy. When I brought this to the staff's attention, I was immediately asked to order another dish, and I was assured that they want me to have a memorable dining experience, to eat what I will really enjoy! (Yebo, next door, by the way, should take lessons from Davio's - I was stuck with overcooked, spongy lobster there, and the server didn't care!) I ordered Davio's fresh Maine lobster risotto, served with asparagus, herbs, and lobster cream. The gentleman who brought me the dish asked if I wanted Parmesan, and I politely declined. I was touched that he seemed worried. 'Are you sure?' he asked. It just seemed to me that every member of the staff wanted to  make sure I enjoy my dinner. The risotto was exceptional, and a very generous portion - the appetizer could easily have been a full course. I was stuffed. Morgan saw how much I enjoyed the eggplant relish and asked that more be sent to my table - the same with the olive pecan bread. I didn't even have to ask. Two managers came by my table - twice each during dinner, to make sure I was enjoying my meal. Every member of staff greeted me with a smile, a polite, 'Is everything all right?' I felt respected, and I didn't even feel like I was dining solo. The manager, Claude Guillame, greeted me by my last name, 'Miss K(my last name), I hope you are enjoying your dinner.' Little touches like this win me over. Claude worked for many years at the Ritz. It shows. He also hails from his native Caen in France, which, frankly, I think also shows. I've had some of my best dining experiences in France. I saw the two managers going to each table, pouring wine, talking to people. I saw Claude in their wine cellar, handpicking the best wine, the other manager in with the chefs, straightening tables, seating patrons. I don't think that either of these guys or their staff were ever idle - always on their feet, yet relaxed. This is the way it should be. It was nice chatting with staff about the flavors and ingredients. I had to get my food packed since it was just too much - and I don't think this place is pricey at all for what you get. I noticed that that my takeaway bag was leaking. I returned to the restaurant. Claude, the manager, personally took the bag. I watched him and an assistant chef quickly and efficiently unpack and repack my food more securely. This won me over even more. I felt like a VIP and was even given a card to call and personally ask for the manager when I want to return so they can ensure a good dining experience. Highly recommended! A pleasant evening from start to finish!
<review# 156,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2014,6/22/2014,229,224,5,22,9>This is easily the most beautiful park in Georgia and anyone who has been to Central Park sees the similarities. The park used to be a few different things back in the days and was redesigned by the famous Frederick Law Olmsted who is responsible for creating Central Park and many other parks in 25 states.The park was originally created in 1895, but was purchased by the city in 1904 for only $98,000 (which is dirty cheap, because in today's dollars that is only about $2,365,426 )  and now it currently sits on 189 acres of land.If you never been here, this is a sure place to stop. There is always people here walking and running around, relaxing by the trees and reading books, playing games on the green grass, walking dogs and throughout the year there are plenty of different festivals and events.[ Activities ]--- Farmers Market --- Months: March 1st through December 13, 2014Days: Saturdays from 9am-1pm--- Bird Walks --- Days: 1st Saturday of each monthTime: 7:30am (Summer) 8:00am (Winter)Where: Piedmont Park Conservancy Community Center--- Pool --- I have yet to use it, because I always come here at the wrong time, but they have a really nice public pool. The pool for 2014 is open from May 25th to the 1st of September. (Pool closure # 404-875-7275 extension #324)The price (cash only) is extremely reasonable at $1 for baby to 5, $2 for 6-16, $4 for 17-54 and for you seniors 55-100+ just $2 bucks! If your broke and cannot afford a few bucks, you are lucky! They offer free swimming, yes that is correct, FREE swimming from 3-5pm throughout the weekdays.--- Sports --- There are sport leagues that play on the fields that include volleyball, softball, soccer and running.--- Picnics/Grilling --- The park currently has 22 grills that people can use. They do not allow you to bring your own portable grill. If you are having a big cookout and need more space, the park rents out their two pavilions that seat 64 (160 can stand) or 25 (30 can stand). The number to rent them is: 404-546-6757--- Playgrounds --- The park has two playgrounds. They have the older one that is called the Noguchi Playscape, this one is near 12th street. The second one is the newer one that is called the Mayors Grove and this one is in the centre near the pool and lake.[ Current Events @ Piedmont Park for 2014 ]Georgia Publix MarathonSunday, March 23th @ 7:30 AMAtlanta Dogwood Festival (Art/Music Event Over 200K+ people attend)Friday, Apr 11th @  NOONAtlanta Dog Jog (1M or 5K)Saturday, May 3rd @ 6:00 AMSuperCon 5k Fun RunSaturday, May 10th @ 9:00 AMThe Game ATLSaturday, May 10th @ 1:30 PMAJC Peachtree Jr 3K Run (for kids)Saturday, May 17th 8:15 AMMidtown 5K Race for MACSaturday, May 31th @ 5:30 PMAtlanta Children's Shelter 5K To ThriveSunday, June 1st @ 5:30 PMAJC Peachtree Road Race (Largest 10K in the WORLD)Register by MARCH 22nd - Run on July 4th @ 6:45/7:17/7:30 AMPiedmont Park Arts FestivalSaturday, August 16 @ 10:00 AM to 6:00 PMSunday, August 17 @ 11:00 AM to 6:00 PM14th Festival Peachtree LatinoSunday, August 24 @ 11am to 7:30pmThis is suppose to be the biggest multicultural event in Georgia.Hotlanta Half Marathon ($60)Sunday, August 24th @ 7:30 AMPure Heat Community FestivalSunday, August 31st @ 12:00pm to 8:00pmAtlanta Arts FestivalSaturday, Sept 13th @ 10:00 AMAtlanta Pride FestivalSaturday, Oct 11th @ 10:00 AMAs you can see, this is a very active park, there are many things to do here, but knowing about them is the tricky park, but not anymore. I will try and add events as I see them come up. I know last year they had the food trunk event as well, hopefully they will come back. It was a great, but just to be honest, way too many people and not enough room to walk around.I hope you enjoyed the review.Until next time, exercise, eat healthy and live life to the fullest! (or at least try to)Mahalo
<review# 157,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/25/2013,6/21/2014,16,55,3,8,6>Want yet another wonderful reason to love living in Brookwood Hills? Well, the recent opening of Bell Street Burritos (right next to mi casa)  is a great one! It was another one of those nights in the middle of the week when you realize that both your refrigerator and your stomach are empty. As I was approaching 28th street, ready to make the left turn into the parking garage, trudge upstairs, and force myself back out into the chilly air to hit up the grocery store for dinner--I saw it. The words "Coming Soon" had miraculously transformed into "Now Open" on Bell Street's newly placed sign and I was ecstatic...not only because the grocery store became nothing more than a memory but also because I'd finally get to sink my teeth into a Bell Street burrito.The crowd was hopping on Day #1 and service was courteous and quick which I appreciated. The owners did amazing things with that tiny space that was once home to Huey's but for the last 2 years was a condemned-appearing building covered with graffiti.  The booths were large and comfy and it served as a great space to meet with friends in a very congenial atmosphere.  As for the grub, the price was right and so was the taste...simple yet satisfying! My husband opted for the chicken burrito and I tried the green tacos with shrimp and steak. The burrito had great flavor with some of the "free extras" added in; the tacos were just a tad bit on the dry side but I think it was partially my fault that I was too excited and happened to skip over the option of the "extras" which I'm sure would have added more textures and flavors. I'm excited to try the guacamole, cheese dip, the quesadilla, and a few other menu items on a return visit because yes, I will be back. This place is just what the neighborhood needed--an easy, affordable dining option that is just too close to home to be good for me. Oh...and they have breakfast, you say? It's a good thing that they don't open before 11am because otherwise, I'd be in trouble. Welcome to the neighborhood, Bell Street!
<review# 158,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/27/2013,6/20/2014,338,442,6,11,5>Who spends Christmas day in an Indian cafeteria?  Well...we did....and evidently so did a whole horde of other Indian families. :-) We had the following: Samosa Chaat (2 samosas swimming in a mix of chutney, yogurt, chickpeas, and tamarind sauceSaag Paneer- Lightly creamy sauce, spinach wasn't overcooked the point of being creamed (which is a good thing for me), and paneer (Indian cheese) was slightly fried.  Perfect with a plate of white rice. Paneer 65- Basically a vegetarian rendition of "Chicken 65"- cubes of paneer deep fried in flavored batter.  The batter never gets as crispy as the chicken rendition, probably because of the inherent moisture trapped inside the paneer. (Or maybe they didn't fry it hot enough?)  Pav Bhaji Dosa- Basically a dosa stuffed with tasty curry, accompanied with coconut chutney and lentil soup. This dosa is cut into sections, and is flat, unlike the usual puffy cylindrical dosas. In summary, if you want a tasty, super carb load, and don't mind a vegetarian menu, by all means come here!For some of us, you may end up with "Burning butt syndrome" a day or so afterwards....you've been warned.
<review# 159,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/26/2013,6/19/2014,190,335,5,10,7>The food is very, very good here.  I was first introduce to this restaurant via one of Daniel B's UYE events.  At that I got to taste a variety of dishes and they were all fantastic!  I have returned a couple of times since then.  I really enjoy the Korean pork bbq, the green beans, and the garlic eggplant.  Also, the curry chicken with hot buns is delicious.  When I want Chinese, this place pops in my mind first lately. Service is pretty good also.  Never an empty glass.  There are plenty of other things on their menu that I want to try.  They seem to do everything well.
<review# 160,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2013,6/18/2014,168,202,6,9,6>Pancakes, pancakes, pancakes.  I will never again go anywhere else for pancakes.  They are gigantic and delicious and remind me of everything that is right with the world.I came here one Sunday morning.  And the wait was what you expect for anywhere that serves anything that remotely resembles brunch in Atlanta.  After about a 30 minute wait, we were seated.  I had been told that I really needed to try the pancakes.  So that I did.The rest of my breakfast was good, but the pancakes stole the show.  First off, they're enormous.  So the full order might be a bit much.  Or just right.  Maybe you're really hungry.  Honestly, I can't really remember much else about my breakfast because the pancakes overshadowed everything else.  I do recall that our server was attentive and friendly.Love the concept.  Love the pancakes.  I'll definitely be back.
<review# 161,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/25/2013,6/17/2014,71,150,4,10,4>The best craft brewery in Atlanta! The beers are amazing and the staff is very friendly. They have tastings and tours every Saturday - honestly one of the most informative brewery tours I've been on. (and I've been to a bunch) So even if you usually skip the tour at breweries, I recommend giving this one a shot.The location is a little off the beaten path if you aren't familiar with Decatur, but it's just a few minutes away from the Decatur square on College Ave.Here is my run-down of the beers:Funk Weisse - This is my personal favorite and the most unique local beer I've tried. It's a sour wheat ale, so it is light but very tart. If you haven't had any sour/tart beers before, you may want to try a taste before ordering a full glass.  I could drink this all day.Last Place Stout - Just released...this is a big 10.6% stout. Hoppy bitterness, roasty and chocalatey - a little sweet. Very good stout..a sipper.Hopsided IPA - their straight-up IPA. This is a solid, balanced IPA. I like.Mother Hoppin' - a strong double IPA with plenty of hops. If you are a big hop-head or like strong IPAs, try this one.BantamWeight - Their session ale, based on an Irish Red. Lighter beer, easier to drink. Good crowd pleaser.They're still building out the tasting space but it's already big and has a nice patio with picnic tables. I know Tom, the brewmaster/owner, is planning on continuing to create great, unique beers. Can't wait for some more sours!You can't buy BlueTarp in bottles/cans yet (coming next year I think?) but you can find it at JoyStick, Ale Yeah, The Growler Store, Taco Mac, and other bars around town.I definitely recommend checking out the brewery for a Saturday tasting/tour. (they take cash or credit card)
<review# 162,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2013,6/16/2014,144,134,6,12,7>Super cute bakery that just opened on Buford Highway! It is really hard to miss it since the signage is pretty large. Paris Baguette is part of a chain of stores located in California, New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, and now Georgia. This literally is a very adorable and cozy bakery and cafe. They've got adorable coffee cups that have eyes on it and really adorable cakes. The pastry choices are endless. They are stored in clear containers that are covered. They have sandwiches, small cakes, small cheesecakes, macarons, truffles, desserts, and drinks in open refrigerators displayed. Even the employees are clothed in French-themed clothing. The employees are attentive, hospitable, and  helpful. There is a mirror on the ceiling which adds a nice touch to the already adorable interior of the establishment.I have tried their fruit pastry, cronut, cheese frank pastry, coffee pastry, pastry filled with cream, pastry filled with chocolate, Green Tea cake, and Peach Iced Tea. The fruit pastry is topped with yellow custard in the center, strawberries, half a slice of an orange, kiwi, and blueberries. The cronut is a popular item. It's like a combination of doughnut and bagel. It is filled with cream that has a slight lemon zest on it. The cronut is topped with grated lemon skin. The cheese frank pastry is a hotdog in a croissant-like bread topped with cheese and tomato for the ketchup which was okay. I was not a fan of it. The coffee pastry was nice and soft in the interior with a light and flakey exterior. It's good and a must try with coffee. The pastry filled cream is pretty standard like it's other competitors. The pastry filled with chocolate was filled with smooth chocolate that went well with the bread. It's not like it's other competitions kind of chocolate filled bread since it was much fresher. The green tea cake was had alternating layers of green tea cake and strawberries and cream. It was topped with a cute Paris Baguette chocolate. The peach iced tea is amazing. I always make it a mission to try peach iced tea in cafés and bakeries. We are the peach state after all! It is one of the better tasting peach iced teas that I have tried at bakeries. I am disappointed in the lack of parking for the establishment. The parking is super tight and just not large enough. I can see people having a hard time backing out of their parking spot and being careful about  hitting the cafe. Another note is that I can see people complaining about the prices. It is priced higher than it's competitors almost by double the pricing of the pastries. However, I feel that you are paying for the consistent quality, well-known brand, experience, and atmosphere that you get when you're inside the cafe. Also, pleaseget Wi-Fi! It's pretty standard at bakeries and cafe now!! They currently do not have Wi-Fi set up. I don't know if they plan to have that option for patrons. Overall, I frequent this cafe a lot. I always get so excited to try more and more of the different kinds of pastries that they have. It's like a game to "collect" and try all the kinds that they have. So many choices! It's always so difficult for me to just choose one pastry. I can see it doing really well in Georgia and will probably see a few more locations open up in the future (most likely in Gwinnett, Suwanee, and Alpharetta).
<review# 163,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2013,6/15/2014,291,260,3,12,5>The Georgia Aquarium is the world's largest aquarium, and we're proud of it. As a native, I go every year, and tourists also flock to it when they visit Atlanta. If you plan on visiting the Aquarium and also other Atlanta attractions, I highly recommend getting the Atlanta CityPASS where you can visit 5 attractions for $74. They are planning big projects every 5 years, and this past one was the Dolphin Tales show. Can't wait to see what else comes!TIPSGet there early!! Like right when it opens. The aquarium only gets busier as the day progresses, and there are way too many bodies crammed together that you won't be able to see much since people are blocking you, and photos become nearly impossible to take. Trust me, go early and give yourself about 3 hours. Next, go on a behind the scenes tour if you can afford it! Finally, plan your trip around meals - the food there isn't good and is over priced, so eat a full breakfast before going. My most recent trip to the aquarium also included a Quick Dip behind the scenes tour for around $14. This is the cheapest of the special tours, and a tour guide will explain the history behind the aquarium, and show what the tanks look like from above the Ocean Voyager and the River Scout. It was a really neat experience and I highly recommend it for people who have been to the aquarium multiple times and are looking for a new experience and on a budget. In the future when I have more money to spare, I would definitely want to pay a bit more for some of the other behind the scenes tours with either the otters, penguins, or sharks. There's also the sea keepers tour ($50) which shows you how they prepare the food and care for the animals. If you are a licensed diver, you can also pay extra to actually dive in the tank with the whale sharks!! Too bad I'm not licensed...OCEAN VOYAGERThis tank holds over 6 million gallons of water and houses 4 whale sharks, 4 manta rays (my fave), guitar sharks, stingrays, goliath groupers, and other smaller fish. This is my favorite exhibit since it has the underwater tunnel where you can watch the fish swim over you, and ends with the huge pane of glass to watch the whale sharks gracefully float along to calming music. COLD WATER QUESTThis exhibit carries the "colder" water animals such as Japanese spider crabs, beluga whales, sea otters and penguins. The beluga whales are fun and will do back flips and show off their abs. The penguins are a bit underwhelming. And the sea otters move way too quickly to be able to catch a nice photo, but they are soo adorable. RIVER SCOUT This exhibit is pretty neat because it captures river life, which I feel like is usually neglected at aquariums. What's cooler is that most of the thank is above your head, so it is as if you're viewing it from underwater. There are albino alligators, piranhas, long nose tube-like fish, and more otters. TROPICAL DIVERMy most favorite photo op is in this exhibit: the beautiful jellyfish! The end is also a beautiful rainbow of tropical fish in a reef-like exhibit where there are "waves" that give the effect of washing on a shore. This is the best place to take a picture with the fish. GEORGIA EXPLORERYou get to touch smaller stingrays and sharks. Enough said. They have a station for you to dry your hands on paper towels afterwards and provide hand sanitizer. DOLPHIN TALESThis is the corniest show ever, and the plot isn't very good. So if you're short on time, I would skip this. There are 5 dolphins that will jump in sync and "walk" on water. I'm jealous of the trainers that get to work with the dolphins. There's also a mermaid show at the beginning where women with tails breathe through a tube underwater and wave to you. That looks like the worst job ever, but I admire them for doing it. SEA MONSTERS REVEALEDThis was actually an amazing exhibit where they cut open sea creatures and preserve them similar to how they did it with The Bodies Exhibit. My favorite is the pregnant shark where you can see the pups inside the mom. [91 of 100]
<review# 164,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2013,6/14/2014,187,323,3,7,5>Big birthdays mean a "big meal" in my opinion, something you can look back on and remember with a smile while you are trying to forget that number that's stuck in your head. For this "big" birthday Kyma was the destination, I'd been hearing about the octopus and fish for so long it was time to try it out.  A birthday feast was in order and that is what I received. The staff was friendly from the start Prosecco was brought to the table and the bartender answered questions for us.After a bit of chatting and a second glass of "bubbles" we settled into our chairs as the food began to arrive at a nice steady pace starting with three of the spreads Tzatziki, Red pepper and Eggplant. Then the Octopus, Dolmes, Spanakopita and Prawns with tomato & feta we nodded with approval as each dish was set before us. All of the dishes were wonderful and the octopus well now I know why people talk about it, it is meaty and tender the grill gives the octopus a bit of a charred flavor. The fish course Royal Dorade was chosen then prepared ''chef's favorite way" with tomatoes, olive oil and white wine then baked. The entire fish is presented to you after it is cooked, when you are done admiring it is taken away and returned to your table ready to eat. Royal Dorade was new to me it is moist  & quite tasty the sauce  does not cover up the flavor of the fish it was served simply with tomatoes and sliced potatoes.Dessert - We decided to share the dessert sampler, "choose three of the first five"  the Custard pie, baklava and a doughnut. Sorry I didn't get a picture of this we were to busy talking about it. Each dessert was about two bites which at this point was all we needed well that and the 20 year port.*The waitress (Ellena) had advice and made suggestions as did the manager that stopped by we took that advice and had a great meal.
<review# 165,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2014,6/13/2014,45,265,1,12,7>Been to PushStart Kitchen a number of times and loved it. This is the continuation of the journey for Zach and Cristina. PushStart was a fantastic supper club in Atlanta. The Better Half on 14th Street in their real restaurant. it is situated in a neighborhood area just next to Home Park. The dining room has room for 32 people and an additional 8-10 seats at the bar. The kitchen is embedded in the dining room and very it is a very social experience to dine here. We went a few weeks after they opened. Huge fans of Push Start Kitchen so expectations were high. The prices a very modest ~$40/person for a 3-course dinner. We had salads (broccoli and beet) as starters. Very tasty and just the right portion size. For the entree we had pork loin and beef petit tender. Both of the dishes were very tasty and just the right size. For dessert we had white chocolate bread pudding and mexican hot chocolate tres leeches. Again very tasty. They do not yet have a liqueur license but you can bring you own wine. We had a great selection :-)  Overall a real great meal in a great ambience. Very much looking forward to going back.
<review# 166,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2013,6/12/2014,78,316,1,4,6>I was tempted to give 3 stars but it's such a unique experience I had to give it 4.Went to the gospel brunch. Staff is hilarious, nice, and fun. Unfortunately our food came out late and luke-warm. I can at least still say it was delicious, and the muffins and unlimited mimosas didn't hurt either.As for the talent, most were entertaining, some not so much. Be sure to bring dollars for the ones you want to show your appreciation to.I'd really be interested in going back but for Bitchy Bingo or one of their weekend evening shows. Sunday was nice to not have to do valet parking, however.
<review# 167,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/23/2013,6/11/2014,61,14,1,11,7>One of the hardest parts of moving to a new city, is finding a new go-to barber. The last time, I moved to DC and it took me a solid 4 or 5 tries before I found THE ONE. Luckily, with my move to Atlanta, I found this place on Yelp with a perfect 5 stars and it's worthy of its praise, this place is great. I get my haircut by Chris who does exactly what you're looking for in a barber. Listens to what you want, takes his time in getting it perfect, and most importantly, does a consistent job every time. No hesitation in recommending this place..so go!Oh, and book online!
<review# 168,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2014,6/10/2014,157,198,7,10,4>I got lunch with Michelle K. one day at Nancy's Pizza and I was just expecting pizza. Maybe order me a personal pan size or something and call it a day. Eat the small pan pizza covered in grease and feel some sort of guilt an hour later.  Nope, not what I expected. This place BLEW MY MIND. First, I ordered a salad. I'd expect a salad at a Pizza place to be all the pre-made stuff that you always get covered in the option of ranch or Italian dressing. Nope, not here. - they put their hand made salad in a bread bowl which is basically pizza crust and then put  crunched up Doritos on top. Now I'm not one to get impressed by pizza place. In fact, I probably won't even ever try their pizza due to the fact that their salad is just so freaking good. I now want Nancy's pizza. Nom nom nom.
<review# 169,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2013,6/9/2014,48,110,3,16,9>A nice hidden gem in Castleberry Hills. My partner and I came here Monday morning for the first time excited to try their Mexican flair on breakfast food.The restaurant was practically empty when we arrived, but that wasn't a problem with me, only meant that we would receive better, more intimate service, which we definitely did!For breakfast, I ordered the Blue Corn Hot Cakes with passion fruit butter and a side of delicious Mexican style sausage called Chorizo. My partner ordered the Mexican French Toast, which is usually only offered during brunch on the weekends, but they were kind enough to place the order for us on a Monday. We also ordered a side of applewood bacon and scrambled eggs. The food was delicious and the portions were large and very satisfying. The French toast was a huge hit, almost resembling a bread pudding and the delicious whipped cream that melts on top of it is just an added flavor bonus.Adios Cafe is beautifully decorated, much like so, their sister restaurant, No Mas! Cantina, which is located in the same building.Our waitress was really sweet and accommodating the whole time. Regularly checking on us and making sure our coffee and water was kept full.I look forward to coming back here again and trying their Mexican style omlettes next time.
<review# 170,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/9/2013,6/8/2014,107,124,4,7,4>Went here on date night with the ol' man.   I guess it's the old East Andrews Pub?  This was my first time to the establishment, so have no idea about that, but that's what I was told.  We were greeted at the door by the manager, who welcomed us in.  He said they were out of menus, but was going to seat us & find us some!  Um, ok.  LOL!  We were seated in a booth, and were greeted by Justin, our waiter, with water.  There were TVs, so that kept us entertained while we waited for menus.  The food going to the other tables looked DUH-licious!!  Now I'm getting hungry!!!  YES, menus!!  Sweet & Southern Chicken Burger: This is what I ordered.  The pineapple in this burger made it for me!!  The top bun was toasted with pimento cheese. You could smell cheese as soon as the plate was close to the table!   Chicken beast, spinach, Duke's mayo, AND pineapple...OMG!  YUM!  The only bummer was that the bottom bun wasn't toasted or anything and made the burger taste a little doughy.  Other than that, it was yummy!Buckhead Burger: Husband got this, no I didn't get to try it.  I'm assuming it was pretty good cause, 1. I didn't get offered a bite, and 2. there was nothing left of it.Fries with North Carolina Gouda Cheese Sauce: Get the cheese on the side, so your fries remain crispy & you get to try the Spicy Ketchup they have!  I know this is going to sound crazy, but I think I liked spicy ketchup more than the cheese!!  Spicy ketchup didn't taste like I was thinking, it was BETTER!!  Fries were good also!  Crispy & salted perfect!!Bacon Cream Corn: W O W!  Ok, we all know it's better with bacon, but this dish was better than I expected!!  It was sweet, crunchy corn swimming in creamy cream....with bacon.  Order it, the end.Krispy Cream Bread Pudding: Um, it was ok, I guess.  It was disappointing, and uber mushy like.  I didn't love it, it was just ok. I think if I describe it, it'll sound really bad.  Order the cheesecake.Southern Bramble: A little on the sweeter side, and pretty gosh darn strong!  Pretty good overall, but with a list of cocktails like they have, I will try something new next time.Strawberry Basil Moonshine: I do not like moonshine straight up. Service was good, our waiter was super attentive.  Food was pretty good.  I will be back!
<review# 171,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2014,6/7/2014,315,451,5,5,4>On our way to dinner at Antico Pizza (it was going to be my cherry-popping visit), a group of my friends and I made a pit stop here. Apparently Antico is BYOB and they were going to take advantage of that policy to the fullest. Mind you, they all had a pre-game warm up session at home and everyone was pretty "happy." Everyone but me, that is. I don't drink, which most of those who know me know about me. Anyway, I was entertained by their shenanigans and followed them around the store like an overzealous puppy.I saw mountains of liquor of all sorts when we entered the automatic sliding doors. We took about 10 minutes as the group split up, each person going directly to his/her favorite giggle juice. Everyone seemed especially enthusiastic about Golden Monkey beer and for a group of 10 people (only 7 drinkers), they grabbed 3 cases of 6 bottles. Then there were 3 bottles of wine. And the whole party who would be there wasn't even present, so more booze was anticipated.Fast service. I saw someone drop a huge box of Coors and there was bubbly liquid oozing from the cardboard walls. Someone from the register told the man carrying it to leave it there and did not give him a hard time. That must have sucked. We all paid and piled into the car. In which car there may or may not have been too many people.
<review# 172,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2014,6/6/2014,159,524,8,16,8>It's unfortunate that the first few reviews for this place appear to be written by shills, as this restaurant can easily stand on its own merits. Aside from authentic and flavorful food offerings, it's also among the most classiest Mediterranean restaurants that I've  visited in Atlanta - and by classy I mean no flying napkins, burning cheese, or combo meals ordered by the number. In recent years, this building has changed hands more than a joint at a Snoop Lion concert - however, Cafe Mezo is certainly poised to end that curse and become a formidable contender in the Midtown dining scene.Food: Cafe Mezo specializes predominately in Mediterranean fare. The menu includes an assortment of authentic dishes, including gyro, moussaka, falafel, and baklava. The restaurant does not yet serve alcohol, but an application for a license has been filed. My party of three started off with a series of meze, including hummus, babaghanoush, and spanakopita, which were served alongside a basket of freshly baked pita. All the dishes were exceptionally prepared and quite delicious. For an entree, I had the chicken gyro kebab, which was accompanied by a greek salad and rice. The entree was good, but less impressive than the appetizers - the chicken was chopped into incredibly small pieces and was slightly overcooked. The portion was also not particularly impressive for the price. Service: The staff were very friendly and eager to showcase the place. We were greeted at the entrance upon arrival and promptly attended to throughout the evening. The waiter also brought out several complimentary meze for us to try, as well as baklava at the end of the meal. There are still a few service kinks that need to be ironed out, but for the most part, everything was reasonably efficient and up to par. Atmosphere: Cafe Mezo is located in the two-story remodeled house that was previously occupied by the Fifth Ivory Piano bar at the corner of Juniper and 5th Streets. The owners have invested considerable amounts of money to remodel the space and it shows - both the interior and exterior have been renovated to reflect a contemporary mediterranean theme. However, I will say that the flashing neon sign plastered to the side of the building was a bit chintzy and out of place - particularly for midtown. Cost: Reasonably priced for the area, but slightly higher than what you'd expect to pay at a typical Mediterranean restaurant. Appetizers are around $5-$8, while entrees are generally $12-$15. They also feature prix fixe specials that include a choice of meze,  entree, and dessert for around $20-$25 per person. Other: Cafe Mezo opening just after the first of the year, and understandably, they are still in the process of ironing out a few kinks. There is parking available in the lot directly adjacent to the restaurant, but it is not free - however, there are typically plenty of spots along Juniper and Piedmont. The restaurant is located in an old house and you have to go up several stairs to access the front door and even more stairs to get to the upper dining rooms - as such, parties with elderly and/or disabled members should plan accordingly.
<review# 173,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/22/2013,6/5/2014,176,193,5,7,5>Love Local Three. Seriously I do. We just had a great meal. The rabbit was awesome. The scallops were among the best I have ever had (with candied beef short rib.). The apple salad was refreshing and scallops are always better sautéed. Big problem they still haven't addressed....no espresso.  Seriously?  L3 caters to foodies. What self respecting foodie doesn't want an espresso after dinner...or at least a pot of French Press. Chef Hall, I don't care if you don't like "real" coffee, at least let the rest of us have it.
<review# 174,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2013,6/4/2014,35,57,1,9,6>Great old school barbershop.  Good haircut and nice guy.  Cash or check only, but there's an ATM next door.Big screen TV mounted directly in front of the large old school leather chairs.  So you can relax and veg out while you get your hair cut.
<review# 175,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2014,6/3/2014,149,289,2,9,5>I'm seriously in love with this place. The fact that I give a breakfast/brunch spot such high ratings in Atlanta (because, lets get real here, the city is crawling with them) is a testament to this restaurant. Everything I had was awesome - I had the Market Omelet with veggies, goat cheese and prosciutto and they had the nerve to throw a little onion jam on that thing, making it just a little sweet, and man, was it good.My friend had the french toast which was also a winner, but, honestly, the star was the pancakes! They were pretty much perfect. You have GOT to try them at least once in your life.Great service, great atmosphere (everything looks like a farm/barn, complete with servers dressed in plaid shirts for a feel thats not kitchy at all.)Even though I rarely come to Buckhead, I'd come back for this place, no problem.
<review# 176,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2014,6/2/2014,27,214,1,9,6>I'm late on this one. I've lived in or around Atlanta for the past 18 years, and I just went to YDFM for the first time last fall. I decided to go vegan for the New Year, so we've been twice recently, stocking up on fresh fruits and veggies, herbs, nuts, dried fruits, granola and flax meal.I am fairly certain that trying to buy all of these items at Publix would be impossible, but what I could get would be double the price. Furthermore, I would have to go to WF for the rest and spend triple. I am blown away every time I walk out of there with a week's worth of groceries, not processed crap, for under $80. It is very busy on the weekend, but still navigable for a newbie. I went this week on a Friday and was able to look around a bit more. Others have mentioned that they only take debit or cash, and parking is a little nuts. But honestly, we live about 30 minutes away and pass a bunch of other stores to come here. We save so much and are able to eat much healthier.
<review# 177,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2014,6/1/2014,397,329,2,6,4>I went here the other night to celebrate my sister in law's birthday.  We went on a Friday evening so it was pretty busy but some people in our party showed up before us and were able to get a table for 15 people. I wasn't really hungry so I just got an order of the belgian fries. My husband got the porn dog. Since I'm not a huge fan of beer, I went with the lemon gingerade cocktail. Their beer list is quite extensive though if that's your thing. The belgian fries were omg so good!! They were full of garlicky goodness. The porn dog was ok. I also tried the calamari, shrimp and grits, the cheeseburger and the salt and vinegar popcorn. The calamari was a little too salty, the grits were super tasty and the burger was pretty good. I wasn't a huge fan of the popcorn. My lemon gingerade definitely had a strong flavor of ginger. Overall I enjoyed the food and the service was decent. I'd come back!
<review# 178,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2014,5/31/2014,66,77,1,6,3>This will be short and sweet.  The burgers at Yeah Burger are among my favorite in Atlanta.  I always opt for the beef burger with avocado and bacon with sweet potato fries. The restaurant is lively and has a great patio which is great for warm or cold weather. Although I enjoy the classic beef burger, my husband is always open to trying the weekly specials which he always enjoys.  Tip: Make sure you check-in through Yelp when you arrive.  I got free fries with my meal! Score Enjoy
<review# 179,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2014,5/30/2014,88,18,6,7,5>Best ice cream joint in town. I'm sorry Jake, you will always have a special place in my heart. Maybe Jake's and Jeni's should get together and take the HighRoad to the King of Pops for some Frozen Pints. Yes, that just happened. Jeni's is your classic ice cream shop with a major twist - the flavors. I thought flavors couldn't get much better after I tried Jake's 'Chocolate Slap Yo Mama', then Jeni came in a shook things up a little. The base of the ice cream is this super rich and smooth gooey consistency, then they kick it up with offbeat and bold flavors. The Bangkok Peanut is on point. Not to sweet - with just the right amount of spice to bring in everything I love about Thai food. Even the most boring sounding flavors (in comparison to the rest) are amazing! The dark chocolate is my go-to because it actually tastes like dark chocolate. I feel like most ice creams tease with promises of dark chocolate then don't deliver in the flavor.They recently brought out a list of forest flavors. Only Jeni's could make an ice cream that tastes like tree bark good. I never thought I'd have a craving for Birtchwood or Walnut. Jeni's could make an ice cream called Poison Ivy and I'd voluntarily take a rash to my face to try it. It would probably be the best Poison Ivy experience of my life.Be prepared to fight for a seat. The only down side is the lack of seating - which is actually a good thing because it says a lot for the quality of the ice cream.
<review# 180,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2013,5/29/2014,182,379,5,6,3>Just a quick update:It had been a little while since I've been here and I was (not so pleasantly) surprised that they've updated their menu prices. I understand that the price for everything eventually goes up, but it was a bit disheartening to me. Yeah, yeah.. 50 cents is NOTHING but it caught me by surprise. Banh mi is up to $3 and an avocado shake with tapioca is $4.I won't stop coming here, but this is just an FYI. Their banh mi and shakes are still bomb!
<review# 181,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2013,5/28/2014,99,124,9,8,6>Hot damn, this place is fun. Neat concept, and a great entree to the delights of subcontinental cuisine for those who are intimidated by Indian restaurants.Lots of ink on the servers, excellent beers on draft, nice cocktails, and a staff who loves to talk about the food. The menu consists of small plates representing Indian street food along with a couple of thalis, or dinner plates, which change daily. Our favorite way to visit Chai Pani is to go with a few other people and order as many of the small plates as we can handle. The kale pakoras are killer in particular and disappear quickly. I hate babies and children in general, but especially in restaurants, and this place is usually crawling with them thanks to its location in Decatur, or Hipster-Breeder Heaven. Somehow I don't mind them as much here (at least as long as they're not running loose and posing a hazard to servers) because the atmosphere is so raucous to begin with that they just kind of add to the fun.Remember how noisy this place was when it was Watershed? Welp, it's even noisier now. As for the people who piss and moan that the place isn't authentic and they never see Indians in the place, F 'em. The food tastes great and every time I've been there I've seen several parties of people who look a lot like there's an ethnic connection to India.Oh, and the decorations in the Men's Room are hilarious.
<review# 182,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2014,5/27/2014,119,163,13,7,6>Holy crap this brunch is amazing!! I feel like it's hard to mess up a buffet because there is so much to try that if you don't like something you can find something else to fill the void.I lost my train of thought, I'm daydreaming about the dessert spread they had. Ohhhh the mimosa was great! I noticed a splash of pineapple juice in it. I tried that trick at home with my own mimosa and I got breakfast wasted. Just come here please don't make me write more than I have to. This is an expansive brunch buffet with Omelette, seafood and carving stations. You won't be disappointed.  If you know of a brunch buffet better than this in Atlanta send me a message and I'll end my life right now in an epic food coma.
<review# 183,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2014,5/26/2014,296,419,5,7,4>I dropped in CFHD cause my home box CFATL was holding a seminar. CFHD has a nice sufficient space. They have beautiful graffiti and nice decor. They have all the crossfit equipment you need and an open weight lifting area. The instructor was friendly. And they got hot girls attending here...DAYAM!! Oh what about the guys? They're not as buff and sexy as I am...jk jk lol They got strong, beautiful people all around. This place is great for drop ins or if you need a regular membership here.
<review# 184,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2013,5/25/2014,54,171,3,6,6>Very easy to give this place 5 stars; we really enjoyed our experience & time here.  The hostess & maitre' d were very nice & even the bus boys were super polite & friendly.The atmosphere & music help add to the overall cozy environment.  We found this place from restaurant.com & a gift certificate but keep in mind, if you have a certificate from restaurant.com, you can only use one per visit.We had a lamb tartar starter, braised pork shoulder & sea scallops.  Everything was outstanding.  So many different flavors that were new to us made the items we ordered that much better.  The other great thing about Tantra is the prices of most entree items.  A part of me doesn't want to write anything about the prices because I fear they may raise them lol but for the portions & quality of our menu items, I was very impressed with the affordable pricing.Parking is valet but complimentary.  Get out to Tantra for a taste of something different!
<review# 185,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/29/2013,5/24/2014,19,41,7,10,10>Pho Dai Loi is a regular in my weekday lunch rotation and as a result I have probably been here over 30 times. In those 30+ times I have never had a bad meal and have tried numerous things on the menu. For me #27 (Vermicelli with pork and shrimp) is king. If anyone doesn't like that dish, then they are probably some kind of idiot. Grilled pork and shrimp, sliced egg rolls, served with vermicelli noodles, some type of lettuce and accompanied with multiple sauces that are on the table.  Another favorite of mine is the #9 (Pho with eye round steak), I agree probably not as exciting as some of the other meat options they have such as Tripe, soft tendon, and mystery meatballs, but still very tasty. I'll even fill you guys in on two off menu, insider secrets; you can order Banh Mi's for only $3. These are almost a meal on its own and are great to split as an appetizer with a hungry friend (Hi Kang!).  Another thing not on the menu is that you can get extra pork with any meal for only $2 (Hi Shan!). Overall this place is one of my favorites in the area and if you have never tried Vietnamese do yourself a favor and give it a try!
<review# 186,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2013,5/23/2014,276,267,2,9,7>I had been meaning to try this place for ages.  I stopped by the other night.  Tried the ribs, brisket and house made sausage along with collard greens.   My likes included, well priced fare, tax included in the price, quick service, and quick follow up by the food runners.      Both of which are levels of service above the call of duty for this level of establishment.The ribs were awesome, with a nice rub on them.  They were perfect, and not too dry.   The brisket was moist.  I still prefer Texas style Brisket which is more smokey with more rings of flavor on the outside to show for it, but this was still very flavorful and they were cut in fairly thick slices.   The homemade sausage was awesome as well.The sauce was what BBQ sauce is supposed to be.  Sweet and tangy.  they also had the vinegar variety on hard, and I tried that, but it is just not my bag.Even the white bread accompanying the meats seemed more hearty then most BBQ joints and it was toasted with a nice amount of butter on it.  Loved it.   I will be back for sure.  Soon!
<review# 187,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2013,5/22/2014,19,850,4,9,7>What a great neighborhood pub...great food (described later in this review), smartly designed, nicely decorated, good service, and VERY affordable.  The bar is a small space (800 sq ft!) but smartly designed with giant windows that brings in lots of light and offers some good people watching of diners on the patio and people who wandered over from O4W park and Beltline.  There are also outdoor tables in a small patio space, and in front of the pub.  Lots of distressed wood, concrete floors, and lots of metal and things like rope hanging from the ceiling and walls...the pub is comfortable and chic at the same time.  I heard that the owners did all the renovation work themselves.Food: We ordered almost everything on the menu (all but one of the tapas, and about 3-4 entrees...for 4 people) and everything was FABULOUS...all capital letters.  The food looked great too...and I would have taken photos but we ate the food too quickly before I realized that I should have taken photos.  Of the tapas, we ordered the pork shank (gigantic pork bone!), hanger steak w/ potatoes & arugula, smoked tomatoes prepared tartar style w/ feta and reduced balsamic vinegar, and my fave tapa plate- the seared scallops w/ seaweed salad with a sesame soy sauce.  There are a few salads on the menu that we didn't try, but they sounded good.  Entrees- the lamb burger on an onion roll, with handcut skin-on french fries, was SO good and my favorite entree.  A close second was the seafood linguini...salmon, scallops, shrimp in a lemon-y cream sauce...cooked perfectly.  Shrimp dog is also an interesting entree...seared shrimp on a bread roll w/ veggie slaw...not really my taste but well prepared.  Our lone dessert order was key lime pie, which was delicious...as with all restaurants I visit, I do wish there was a non-dairy dessert option...other than getting another cocktail :)  I'm sure the menu will change often as the restaurant settles in.  At the time I'm writing this review, tapas are all around $10-2 and entrees are up to $15, I think...such a good value and at a price point where I can see myself back at Bantam Pub often.  Drinks: A small list of interesting and varied beers and basic cocktails is more than enough to cover what I wanted at this pub.  I don't know if it's because cocktails are so expensive in bars and restaurant now, but my vodka soda and my friend's drink that had FRESH lemon juice instead of pre-prepared sour mix, each were only $5.  Add ginger beer to the future menu (which they did not have at my first visit) so I can get Moscow Mules, and I would be in heaven.Service: Our server had the patience of a saint, as our group kept moving tables due to the changing shadows on the patio (we were boiling in the sun and there were no indoor tables when we first arrived).  We finally moved inside and was much more comfortable.  She was friendly and efficient w/ our many drinks, plates and place settings.Located in Old Fourth Ward on Ralph McGill Blvd, diagonally across from the entrance of Two Urban Licks, and not far from Old Fourth Ward Park.  There is a small parking lot behind the pub.  Varied clientele made the vibe of the pub interesting...great people watching.
<review# 188,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2014,5/21/2014,17,106,5,7,6>Cool atmosphere without the shallow superficiality that I've come to enjoy from some of the other breweries around this great land of our's. That's not to say that there weren't some shallow or superficial people present on my visit to Monday Night's Brewery, but rather the feeling is far more chill. I dig the tie motif as it gets the drinker involved with trying to figure out what gawdy tie they can bring in the next visit to top some of the ones already present. It's a challenge and an idea generator all in one. The reclaimed wood wall is a nice styling touch to an otherwise large open space. The bar is typical, but the people are far cooler than your average tap, but alot of that has to do with the beer they sell and the atmosphere it generates. Cool people serving damn fine beers make for an easy sell in my book.We will definitely be back.
<review# 189,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2014,5/20/2014,32,47,1,12,5>My husband, and 6-month old son checked this place out this weekend for a late lunch. The spot itself is super conveniently located to most things in the Brookhaven area; parking is easy. We were greeted by the lone guy working there, who was awesomely accommodating and helpful. When I was trying to figure out what alcoholic beverage I wanted, he allowed me to come behind the bar to look at what they had in the case. He ended up recommending an orange flavored ginger beer--never had before, but liking cider, I thought this could be up my alley--and it was delightful. When it came to the food, we weren't expecting much from a bar, but WOW this food is amazing! We got the burger with onion rings and the turkey melt with fries. Both were so tasty that my husband and I swapped bites of each others food. The food was fresh, the veggies were better than any veggies I've seen at Publix, and everything was served hot and fast.HIGHLY recommend :)
<review# 190,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2013,5/19/2014,207,302,6,14,8>Ok, they got me as a total fan!It's a small, quaint bar but the atmosphere is warming and authentic.  I enjoy the raw wood decor and bare minimum design tactics.  Gives it an edgy look in my opinion. It was a Wednesday night after work about 7p when I stepped in. The atmosphere was quiet amd patrons were few. I sat at the bar and the artsy hottie behind the bar asked my order and went through the menu with me.  In my "keeping it light" mindset, I ordered the fries and beer cider. By the time the fries arrived my friends had too and they ordered up all kinds of stuff that I can't remember.  But I remember that everyone was surprised at the awesomeness of the bar food.The fries are worth raving about. Seriously.  Seriously.  Go eat them! And some drink my friend ordered was worth bathing in. Sorry can't remember what it was. Overall,  this could quickly become one of my favorite Edgewood hangouts.
<review# 191,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2014,5/18/2014,49,397,3,7,7>This, mes amis, is what a brunch place should be. I've driven past this place a million times, but never tried it. For my birthday brunch, the boyfriend and I decided to stop here. An excellent choice.We only had to wait about 5 minutes for a table. He ordered the chocolate chip pancakes with a side of grits and I got the huevos with a biscuit. I didn't have to wait forever and a day for my cappuccino to come out (Another Broken Egg, I'm looking at you). Both were excellent. We switched off about halfway through the meal. I can confidently say I was happy with everything I tried. The pancakes were some of the best I've had in a long time. The grits were a bit thin, but that's how real grits are supposed to be. My eggs were cooked perfectly and the green salsa added the right amount of bite. The portions were huge and we were both stuffed before finishing. The biscuit fell apart when I tried to eat it which is just the way I like it. I prefer crumbly over flaky any day of the week. We didn't feel pressured to get up and free up the table. We could eat at a leisurely pace and otherwise enjoy a Saturday morning brunch.The prices were also totally reasonable. We got out of there for around $30 with tip. The only thing that bumps it down to 4 stars was we had to wait a while for a server to come over. This will definitely become our go to brunch place.
<review# 192,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2014,5/17/2014,51,85,5,12,3>I used to go for their fresh strawberry and cream donuts, which is so soft and fluffy and yummy. And then I stopped going since I can't seem to find another donut I love. Don't get me wrong, there are good ones, just not wow ones. But I've already liked their FB page and from time to time, I get notifications on what's new for limited time....And then came the funnel cakes that they make strictly for "after hours 6:30-10p* OhhhhMyyyyyGoodddd. Yes, it's not cheap... running you at least $6+ each, depending on the type and size. They have strawberry and chocolate ganache, banana foster, peaches and cream, and apple butter & caramel sauce. My favorites are strawberry and peaches. Both are delicious without being too sweet, and this is coming from a chick who doesn't go anywhere near chocolates (and i totally went for the choc ganache). My husband happens to work for Turner and has since ran a few "errands" for me after work. Yep, I'm one big happy fattie. These funnel cakes will keep me warm through this cold winter!
<review# 193,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2014,5/20/2014,32,47,1,12,5>My husband, and 6-month old son checked this place out this weekend for a late lunch. The spot itself is super conveniently located to most things in the Brookhaven area; parking is easy. We were greeted by the lone guy working there, who was awesomely accommodating and helpful. When I was trying to figure out what alcoholic beverage I wanted, he allowed me to come behind the bar to look at what they had in the case. He ended up recommending an orange flavored ginger beer--never had before, but liking cider, I thought this could be up my alley--and it was delightful. When it came to the food, we weren't expecting much from a bar, but WOW this food is amazing! We got the burger with onion rings and the turkey melt with fries. Both were so tasty that my husband and I swapped bites of each others food. The food was fresh, the veggies were better than any veggies I've seen at Publix, and everything was served hot and fast.HIGHLY recommend :)
<review# 194,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2014,5/15/2014,30,17,6,11,8>Soup is one of mankind's oldest culinary traditions, and I'm thrilled it's found a new home in downtown Decatur! I was super excited to stumble in on Souper Jenny's soft opening tonight, and I grabbed some friends to come and make soup puns while we watched Atlantarctica 2014 slowly melt away. The staff clarified that there's no set menu and will vary every day, but tonight I was helped to a mug of turkey chili, which was honestly one of the best chilis I've had in a restaurant setting, with turkey and beans that wasn't overcooked or oversalted. On the side, I had a sandwich of pears, arugula, jam, and cheese, and a salad of arugula, goat cheese, and what my buddy thought was green goddess dressing. Also on the menu was a tomato soup that I didn't order because I thought it'd be boring, but my friend said was the best tomato soup she ever had. I'm particularly excited about this place as everything tasted fresh and recently made, including the bread. The soups didn't have an overwhelming amount of salt or MSG; this is soup that you wish your grandmother made for you at home. We didn't pay a thing at the soft opening (thanks, Souper Jenny!) but I did ask for pricing info before we left. It sounded like soups would be $4 and $6, and combos of soups and sandwiches and fruit would be $13. Depending on the portions, this would be pretty reasonable for downtown Decatur, although a student discount would go a long way in keeping us grad students coming back on the regular. Overall, super (heh) impressed with the soft open, the incredibly nice and welcoming staff (I met Jenny!), and, most importantly, the fresh soup and sandwich. A great addition to the neighborhood!
<review# 195,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/18/2013,5/14/2014,151,132,7,11,9>Honey Bubble? What's a honey bubble? Well, let me tell you.The atmosphere: A quaint little tea house with plush couches, arm chairs and 2+4 tops set up. Well lit, bright, and airy. The folks: Students sitting with laptops, someone reading a book, a couple canoodling on the couch... Everyone just hanging peacefully.The menu: bubble tea, egg creams, Italian sodas, macarons, cookies, snow capped tea and other treats.Bubble Tea breakdown: Bubble tea is basically a cold tea beverage that contains little floating pieces of aloe or tapioca. They are soft like jello and flavorless for the most part and may feel weird in your mouth if it is the first time you've ever had it. But after a while they are addicting!1) You get to choose from  green tea or black tea base.2) Choose your flavor. There is a whole list to choose from. Some have milk, some don't.3) Choose your extras, tapioca or aloe, or none. Recommended: Green tea/ Raspberry/ with both aloe and tapioca. ( The aloe soaks up the raspberry flavor for a refreshing and fruity treat)                               Lime Basil macarons. (light, airy, delicate)                               The little sweet/salty crackers by the register. (yum!)*Warning* If you are petite or just sensitive to caffeine, I would opt out. I loved this place and I loved the tea, but I had such a bad case of the jitters afterwards due to the caffeine,and I drink green tea regularly so I don't know what happened. This stuff was STRONG. I strongly recommend that the owners incorporate more decaf or caffeine free options.Wear: Mittens without the fingertips and an aviator hat. Everything tastes better in an aviator hat.
<review# 196,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/31/2013,5/13/2014,16,136,3,13,8>We recently visited on a Sunday night. I like to visit restaurants on Sunday nights for several reasons. The traffic is usually lighter or at least I like to kid myself that it is and the dinner crowds are usually a bit smaller allowing for a little more leisurely paced dining.Wisteria offers complimentary valet parking immediately adjacent to its storefront so it's a short few steps and you're being greeted with a smile at the hostess stand. It's an eye-pleasing relatively small space that has been carefully utilized to accommodate around 100 people. You might think that you'll be dining only with your date tonight but a brush of an elbow and you're now a party of 8. We found seating at the end of a wall-length banquet that ended up being quite intimate. We were quickly greeted by our server, who I'll go ahead and identify upfront, as probably one of the nicest and most helpful wait staff as I've encountered anywhere in the city. This person loves his job and is very good at it. Looking around at the other servers and staff, I got the feeling that this is a common theme.We ordered cocktails and wine. The bar does a nice job with its version of the currently popular bourbon and ginger beer libation calling it the Old Wive's Tale. There's also a cucumber vodka martini that is a subtle relative to a Bloody Mary replete with salted rim and pimento-stuffed olive and cherry tomato garnish. The wine list is fairly extensive. It has some helpful tasting notes and even "points reviews" on its Reserve wines from such well known wine aficionados as Robert Parker and the Wine Spectator.  Tasting flights are also offered. For the salad and appetizer round, we ordered the Kale and Acorn Squash salad, the Arugula and Grilled Apple salad, the Black-eyed Pea Hummus and the Gouda Stuffed Arancini. The Kale and Acorn Squash salad was crispy cold perhaps needing just a touch more apple cider vinaigrette. The Arugula and Grilled Apple salad was exceptional with the tartness of the apples playing perfectly with the sweetness of the honey roasted pecans and the crunchy, saltiness of the fried onions. The Black-eyed Pea Hummus was good but would have really sung had the accompanying sweet potato chips been warm and slightly crispier. The Arancini were the hands-down favorite; the lightly fried rice balls popped with the warm Gouda filling complimented by a thin drizzle of Meyer lemon aioli.For entrees, our party ordered the Pan Seared North Atlantic Skate Wing, the Georgia Mountain Trout Almond Encrusted and All-Natural Half Chicken Iron Skillet Fried. If you've never had skate wing, this is the place to try it. It has the taste and mouth feel somewhere between lobster and crab.  It was delicious with the stone ground grits, asparagus and lemon brown butter. The trout was another winner. The bacon vinaigrette did not overpower the delicate, flaky, Panko-crusted fish and united the flavors of the accompanying fingerling potatoes, roasted tomatoes, green beans and corn. The skillet-fried chicken was a perfect example of a dish that is made better by the sum of its parts. The deboned half chicken was crispy and well seasoned. It was served over a bed of bacon-braised collards that were perfectly done with a hint of vinegary tartness. The accompanying corn pudding was served as rectangular blocks with a crusty exterior and a sweet, soft middle. The one element of the dish that initially appeared out of place was the mushroom herb broth but it worked, acting as a delicate gravy even though it contained bits of meaty mushroom. We also ordered the Braised Greens Mac & Cheese and the Caramelized Brussels Sprouts, Grano Padano; both were exceptional. The braised greens cut just enough of the richness in the mac & cheese such that every one at the table could have probably eaten a hotel pan full of the stuff.We ordered three "small bite desserts"; the Carrot Cake with cream cheese frosting and bourbon sauce, the Bread Pudding "Traditional Style" with bourbon sauce and the Handcrafted Caramel and Sea Salt S'more. Each of these "small cupcake-sized" portions were enough for our party of 4 to each get a bite and each was delicious.It's clear why Wisteria has been around as long as it has. Its recipe is simple... great food and great service. A definite destination restaurant. A solid four and a half stars but the service bumped it up to five.
<review# 197,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/31/2013,5/12/2014,97,276,2,10,8>I took a group tour of the Swan House through work and would definitely recommend it for anyone who enjoys the history of the early 20th century. It took about an hour and included an in-depth tour of this mansion that was built back in the 1920's. Our tour was given by "Ruby," who helped decorate that house originally (obviously in character) and worked for the Missus of the house. It was cool to hear her talk about the family and what life was really like back in the time when the house was operational. The home is absolutely beautiful and well preserved and the nuances of the decorations and the "rules of the house" were pretty fascinating. I'm not a huge history buff, but this was definitely interesting and the tour took *just* long enough to hold my interest the whole time.Fun fact! The house is featured in the second Hunger Games movie, Catching Fire, for the party scene. If you ever see it in person, you will immediately recognize it in the movie.
<review# 198,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2013,5/11/2014,52,50,2,7,5>5 stars based purely on their really excellent cappuccino! Bonus that its a warm, friendly atmosphere and has a separate bar where u can get some good beer too.Oh, and fettuccine noodle stirrers were a funny little touch!A delicious, no frills cappuccino and easy to zip off from the Beltline on my bike make it an excellent afternoon break!
<review# 199,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/22/2013,5/10/2014,15,55,4,7,5>Very cute little coffee spot. Coffee is good, tea selection is very nice as well. A good menu of small bites. Nice big windows with lots of natural light. I do keep having issues with their free wi-fi connection every time I come in there - I work from coffee shops a lot, and this is not normally a challenge anywhere else. Also, the wine selection is somewhat limited, but I guess alcohol is not their specialty after all.Overall, cute fun-looking spot, I come here often.
<review# 200,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2014,5/9/2014,140,289,2,8,7>Probably the best place for "grown-up" Southern food.  Located in the swanky Intercontinental Hotel in Buckhead, Southern Art offers up finger-licking fried chicken and some of the best buttery biscuits in Atlanta.The entrees are huge.  We went here for New Years Eve since we wanted to get our collard greens and black-eyed peas.  As the superstition goes, eating collard greens will bring money and the peas will bring luck for the new year.For starters we had the Southern chautecuterie plate which included cured meats.  I just wished it included more variety, especially since Southern Art boasts a "ham bar."For entrees, we also had the pork shank special...and it was HUGE and delicious and the 30-day dry aged New York Strip steak.For drinks, everyone loved the honey bourbon.  Even though, it's listed as an after-dinner drink, don't hesitate to get it.  The addition of Galliano liquor made the bourbon taste like toasted marshmallows.  I'm usually not a big fan of bourbon, but I was drinking this all night. Go here for some of the best refined Southern Food in Atlanta.
<review# 201,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2014,5/8/2014,63,210,3,11,7>Delicious hand crafted cocktails. It was not too busy early on a Tuesday night, but did fill up later. Based on the other reviews and the space in general, I would think this would be a very packed/busy place on the weekends because it is very small and it takes a good amount of time for them to make the drinks (they are handcrafted with all the bells and whistles, so this is good that it takes a while to make). They might consider a reservation system on the weekends so that the customers could really enjoy their experience (like they have done at similar places in San Francisco and NY).We will definitely be back, as we liked the atomosphere and the bar staff. We will try it out on a busy night, but likely will stick to the weekdays however so we don't have to deal with the crowds.
<review# 202,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2013,5/7/2014,234,383,5,13,8>I have been eating here since I was a little kid. Growing up in Atlanta The Colonnade was a popular place to go with my parents, grandparents, aunts, uncles, and cousins. Years later I would still end up going here from time to time with my (then) wife and two small kids. It definitely is THE place to go for a family sit-down type of dining experience. I imagine this place is also very popular with the after church crowd on Sundays.I think it used to be a lot better back in the day. It is still quite good but I don't think it is like the way it used to be. The things I like to get here are the fried chicken, fried catfish, salmon croquettes, turkey&dressing and most seafood items (broiled or fried). Broiled scallops here are especially a standout seafood entree item and quite the bargain considering the huge portioning they give you. There was a brief period of time ten or twenty years ago in which a fire shut the place down for a year or two. The Colonnade often shows up lists of "must see" or "must go to" places in Atlanta for its unique dining environment and for best fried chicken; however, there are some things you should know before going:This place is hugely popular with both the geriatric crowd and with the gay community (more so gay men than lesbians). The ambience / décor is very dated (perhaps outdated) you will feel like you are stepping back in time (to at least the 1970s; the place has been around since 1927). There is almost always a wait since they do not take reservations and are always busy if not outright crowded. They do not take credit cards; however, they do take checks. You can wait in the bar area where the drinks are strong and cheap.The Colonnade is similar to the Varsity in that it is something most Atlanta natives can either appreciate or have nostalgic memories of their experience. Perhaps others - especially those outside of that native / longtime Atlanta community - may not appreciate the place. All of the employees here (servers, hosts / hostesses) are very polite and courteous. Service is often, if not always, excellent.  Daniel B's recent review is quite accurate and typical, "...an entree with two sides will set you back about $12-13 (I would say $20-$15).  We had to order their famous Southern fried chicken and I also ordered their fried chicken livers....sides included collards, turnip greens, sweet potato fries, and fried okra.  Pretty good fare all-around ....The chicken was nice and crispy and fried right.  ...The serving of collards seemed very small.  Sweet potato fries were average.  Corn bread and rolls are complimentary.As you can imagine, a lot of these items, while tasty, are not the healthiest food alternatives.  ..."Perhaps deserves 3.5 stars; however, I will dispense with four.
<review# 203,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2014,5/6/2014,68,212,3,7,4>This represents a half-dozen trips over nine months.---The pimento cheese and bacon marmalade is fantastic. Perfect combination of the sharp cheese with the saltiness of the bacon and the sweetness of the marmalade. Oyster Po-boy - Great tasting and crunchy bread. ---Breakfast - I recommend the breakfast sandwich. You have a variety of options. All of them are good.I prefer the friend chicken biscuit with the pimento cheese.But as I said, all of the options are good. ---I came here for dinner one night. Malpeque oysters and a crafted drink at the bar. The oysters were a bit small. The accompanying sauces were great.
<review# 204,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2013,7/21/2014,90,257,9,14,11>So I don't just like Jack's...I LIKE like Jack's. I can realistically see my self coming here once a week for the next decade. I'm really not cool enough to be a regular on Jack's deluxe back patio, but (fingers crossed) maybe I'll start morphing into one of the trolly hipsters who make up the large majority of Jack's clientele. They have $1 beers (I kid you not) ALL THE TIME. It's not so easy to find a $1 beer these days. 40s Friday is basically the best deal in America. The 40s of Highlife are $1 if you order the right thing. You can get a 40 + 10 wings for $9.44, a 40 + garlic bread for $4.44, a 40 + a slice of cheese for $4.44 , or a 40 + a large cheese pizza for $12.44. Duct tape is not provided for those interested in partaking in a public display of Freddy forty hands. The deals simply blow my mind. Jack's has lots of fun things other nights of the week.  On Friday, in addition to the special on 40s, they have BINGO inside. They also do trivia a few nights a week with special themes like cartoon trivia for example. I hear their bloody Sunday $3 bloody Mary special is a good one to check out.  The atmosphere is so casual and comfortable I can't even handle how great it is.  There is fairly limited seating inside so it could be packed on a rainy or cold day.  Otherwise, the back patio is the place to be. The group I went with all took advantage of the 40 + 10 wings deal.  The wings were pretty much the best wings I've ever had. I didn't even care about the ranch dipping sauce (I know, it sounds crazy).  They have some interesting wing flavors like strawberry sriracha and bourbon BBQ in addition to normal flavors. We also ordered a basket of tots to share around the table.  The coin size tots were a great side that I would recommend. The waiters at Jack's are hustling. On the back patio, two waiters were covering probably 12 tables each and I know they had tables inside as well. I like patio sitting especially on a Friday night, but if I had been in a hurry it would have been a bit of a problem.We were unfortunately forced to leave when a huge rain storm came up making patio sitting not so enjoyable, but I can't wait to get back over to this A +++ establishment.
<review# 205,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2014,6/13/2014,45,265,1,12,7>Been to PushStart Kitchen a number of times and loved it. This is the continuation of the journey for Zach and Cristina. PushStart was a fantastic supper club in Atlanta. The Better Half on 14th Street in their real restaurant. it is situated in a neighborhood area just next to Home Park. The dining room has room for 32 people and an additional 8-10 seats at the bar. The kitchen is embedded in the dining room and very it is a very social experience to dine here. We went a few weeks after they opened. Huge fans of Push Start Kitchen so expectations were high. The prices a very modest ~$40/person for a 3-course dinner. We had salads (broccoli and beet) as starters. Very tasty and just the right portion size. For the entree we had pork loin and beef petit tender. Both of the dishes were very tasty and just the right size. For dessert we had white chocolate bread pudding and mexican hot chocolate tres leeches. Again very tasty. They do not yet have a liqueur license but you can bring you own wine. We had a great selection :-)  Overall a real great meal in a great ambience. Very much looking forward to going back.
<review# 206,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2014,5/3/2014,32,102,5,10,7>So I was here on Friday night with a friend. Cool, casual ambiance with an open kitchen and long communal style tables. There are chefs preparing all the day's menu items and then presenting them to guests in a random fashion. Before coming here, I read reviews saying that the service was dim sum style which was not exactly what I experienced. Dim sum typically comes around in cart loads of food every 5 minutes or so. Service that night was spaced out every 10 to 20 minutes at various tables with only one or two dishes coming out at once. Our table was skipped  for at least 15 minutes at a few points. Some of the foods we enjoyed included steamed pork belly, vegetable soup, and fried oysters. There was a limited drink menu but with some good options. In terms of wines by the glass, Zinfandel was delicious but the Malbec was average. The signature cocktail that night was an old fashioned with a roasted cinnamon stick. It was awesome! The highlight of the evening was Kevin Gillespie coming over to our table and offering an off the menu pork dish option and then talking with us on how we enjoyed the evening there! Other than the spotty service, it was a nice evening and I would come here again.
<review# 207,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2013,5/2/2014,100,145,7,5,4>To echo Addy's earlier review, Cherians has alllllll the spices you ever need for indian cooking. I wouldn't go there for produce as their selection is pretty limited. We picked up a ton of curry spices, simmer sauces, tea, and tea strainer.Unfortunately, i did not see Tava in their food court--now replaced by another shop selling indian snacks and some fried foods (samosas, curry puffs, etc).Will definitely be back!PS. Don't miss the turn, pretty much right after you get on dekalb industrial from lawrenceville hwy
<review# 208,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2013,5/1/2014,354,392,3,10,4>Katie Royal cannot escape me.  I have found her new salon and it's just  as great as Godiva, well no, actually it's better.  And a bunch of the other amazing Godiva crew transferred over here as well, so make sure you know where your stylist is now!   The salon is easy to find.  It's in the Eclipse building across the street from the Fish Market and parking is behind the building.  When you pay for parking bring your ticket in for them to pay you back.  Katie is wonderful as usual, she did a fantastic job on my color and freshened up my bangs.  Kelly did a great job blowing out my hair while Katie was helping another customer.  The one thing that super sealed the deal on me loving her new salon was the massaging chairs you sit in while you get your hair washed.  I almost died.  My pregnant self needed that chair, oh Lordy.Get your appointment with Katie as soon as you can, the first Saturday I could grab in the future was January 18th!5.1.14 (The salon has been renamed Artistry Buckhead, just FYI, and it's open.  Be sure to look it up!)
<review# 209,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2013,6/9/2014,48,110,3,16,9>A nice hidden gem in Castleberry Hills. My partner and I came here Monday morning for the first time excited to try their Mexican flair on breakfast food.The restaurant was practically empty when we arrived, but that wasn't a problem with me, only meant that we would receive better, more intimate service, which we definitely did!For breakfast, I ordered the Blue Corn Hot Cakes with passion fruit butter and a side of delicious Mexican style sausage called Chorizo. My partner ordered the Mexican French Toast, which is usually only offered during brunch on the weekends, but they were kind enough to place the order for us on a Monday. We also ordered a side of applewood bacon and scrambled eggs. The food was delicious and the portions were large and very satisfying. The French toast was a huge hit, almost resembling a bread pudding and the delicious whipped cream that melts on top of it is just an added flavor bonus.Adios Cafe is beautifully decorated, much like so, their sister restaurant, No Mas! Cantina, which is located in the same building.Our waitress was really sweet and accommodating the whole time. Regularly checking on us and making sure our coffee and water was kept full.I look forward to coming back here again and trying their Mexican style omlettes next time.
<review# 210,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2013,4/29/2014,280,30,11,22,10>I have to give you the business about them. They are putting it down and smackin the Hell out of your mouth with seafood and flavor!!!!! I have visited three times and I have not been able to order anything but the steamed shrimp! My preference is the Cajun and garlic herb mix! They are not shy about there seasoning! The same good result every time. My co-workers have tried the steamed tilapia. They agree with me!  It's good Damn smackin good! Lmao
<review# 211,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2014,6/6/2014,159,524,8,16,8>It's unfortunate that the first few reviews for this place appear to be written by shills, as this restaurant can easily stand on its own merits. Aside from authentic and flavorful food offerings, it's also among the most classiest Mediterranean restaurants that I've  visited in Atlanta - and by classy I mean no flying napkins, burning cheese, or combo meals ordered by the number. In recent years, this building has changed hands more than a joint at a Snoop Lion concert - however, Cafe Mezo is certainly poised to end that curse and become a formidable contender in the Midtown dining scene.Food: Cafe Mezo specializes predominately in Mediterranean fare. The menu includes an assortment of authentic dishes, including gyro, moussaka, falafel, and baklava. The restaurant does not yet serve alcohol, but an application for a license has been filed. My party of three started off with a series of meze, including hummus, babaghanoush, and spanakopita, which were served alongside a basket of freshly baked pita. All the dishes were exceptionally prepared and quite delicious. For an entree, I had the chicken gyro kebab, which was accompanied by a greek salad and rice. The entree was good, but less impressive than the appetizers - the chicken was chopped into incredibly small pieces and was slightly overcooked. The portion was also not particularly impressive for the price. Service: The staff were very friendly and eager to showcase the place. We were greeted at the entrance upon arrival and promptly attended to throughout the evening. The waiter also brought out several complimentary meze for us to try, as well as baklava at the end of the meal. There are still a few service kinks that need to be ironed out, but for the most part, everything was reasonably efficient and up to par. Atmosphere: Cafe Mezo is located in the two-story remodeled house that was previously occupied by the Fifth Ivory Piano bar at the corner of Juniper and 5th Streets. The owners have invested considerable amounts of money to remodel the space and it shows - both the interior and exterior have been renovated to reflect a contemporary mediterranean theme. However, I will say that the flashing neon sign plastered to the side of the building was a bit chintzy and out of place - particularly for midtown. Cost: Reasonably priced for the area, but slightly higher than what you'd expect to pay at a typical Mediterranean restaurant. Appetizers are around $5-$8, while entrees are generally $12-$15. They also feature prix fixe specials that include a choice of meze,  entree, and dessert for around $20-$25 per person. Other: Cafe Mezo opening just after the first of the year, and understandably, they are still in the process of ironing out a few kinks. There is parking available in the lot directly adjacent to the restaurant, but it is not free - however, there are typically plenty of spots along Juniper and Piedmont. The restaurant is located in an old house and you have to go up several stairs to access the front door and even more stairs to get to the upper dining rooms - as such, parties with elderly and/or disabled members should plan accordingly.
<review# 212,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2013,4/27/2014,117,675,2,7,5>Big fire going outside to warm the spirits!And great food to fill the innards.My wife and I had a feast, ordering lots of small plates: Beet salad, chorizo figs, branzino, sardines, crepas, broiled veggies, and wines by the glass, each were offered sample tastes before pouring the whole glass.What excellent service and quality of food.There's an active bar scene, and two dining areas to choose from.A MUST return visit!!!
<review# 213,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/25/2013,4/26/2014,118,224,12,12,8>Mi Cocina is a Tex-Mex restaurant with several locations in Texas and the South East.Let's just pause right there. Tex. Mex. Food.I mean there is Mexican food, and then there everything else. In fact, when I saw Mi Cocina was labeled as a Tex-Mex restaurant I was like, "Oh boy here we go, another Tex-Mex restaurant. Blah!" When I stepped into Mi Cocina I was taken aback by the decor. Typically when I think of a Tex-Mex restaurant I think of kitschy. Like spurs and cowboy boots dancing from the ceilings. Ya know, stuff you wouldn't be caught dead with hanging in your kitchen.The decor in Mi-Cocina is definitely not kitschy. Probably due to the fact it's in Midtown. I mean Midtown don't play that.Mi Cocina is bright, sleek, and airy. Oh, and their bathroom is very nice. Yes, I judge restaurant bathrooms. You will deal.I do not care for Mi Cocina's guacamole. Although it has a great presentation, it needs a bit more zing and salt.Mi Cocina's ceviche on the other hand has the perfect amount of sweet and chunky mango, shrimp, fresh avocados, and crunchy jicama. The salsa at Mi Cocina is super spicy, with visible chili seeds, and it's served in individual servings. Which by the way individual salsa servings is like the smartest thing ever, because I don't like to share my salsa. Period. Mi Cocina's Crispy Chicken Verde Enchiladas are actually taquitos, or what some people call flatuas, and they live up to the crispy in their name. The enchiladas come with a simple side salad, avocado, and Spanish rice that my husband says, "Tasted like it came from a hole in the wall." Note, that's the best compliment ever from a Southern Californian, because Mexican food from Southern-California hole-in-the walls kill. Sometimes, even literally. Catch that shade. Mi Cocina's Grilled Chicken Breast Tamale is essentially a plate of grilled chicken breast served with a sweet corn tamale on the side. The masa has the perfect texture and consistency, and it is very sweet.Mi Cocina's carne asada is served with a bowl of bean soup, with bits of ham in it, that is so damn good that it reminds me of my grandmother's brown beans.I asked my husband if he liked his carne asada, and he said, "I like it."Personally I thought Mi Cocina's carne asada was a bit too tough. But hey, what do I know?!Mi Cocina's flan is probably the best flan I've ever had at a restaurant. The flan is smooth and velvety on the palate, and it sits delicately on the edge of sweet perfection and sweetness overload.I confess I did a couple of quick head turns, to make sure no one was looking at me, and slurped the caramel sauce off my plate.Don't judge me, Jesus doesn't like judgers. As far as service, it is a bit disjointed. There was some lags in service and getting drink refills, but the staff and management are friendly.Oh, and their Mambo Taxis, a frozen margarita made with Sauza Blanco Tequila and house-made sangria, for $10 it packs a punch and gives a nice buzz. Overall, me likey!
<review# 214,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2013,4/25/2014,158,188,1,10,11>I've been coming to this store my enitre life yes alll 23 years!!! I remember when they were at their old location 111 Euclid Avenue. I grew up in a home knowing about herbs, oils & aromatherapy. My mom (RIP 03/30/2013) she taught us to eat sleep & breathe aromatherapy!!  My last time I visit Sevandna was a week before my mom died!! We had the best time there. she gathered all her oils, & herbs. Who would've ever thought that would be my mom & I last time visiting Sevananda together. I remember as a little girl this was my favorite place to visit. Every employee was so happy to see me & always quiz me on my knowledge about the products. They were just amaze to see someone so young to be so knowledgeable. I am crying as I type this. Bitter sweet memories with my mom & i . 23 years wow..Thanks Sevanada
<review# 215,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2014,4/24/2014,11,78,7,18,6>Always a gamble going to a new place on opening week but I was thoroughly impressed.First off, I was not a huge fan of King+Duke (the food that is; atmosphere and seating were really cool) and I didn't think the fried chicken at JCT was that good (Busy Bee rocks it) so I was a bit weary of coming here. BUT, when Grandma is available to watch the kids for a couple hours and you live down the street, you gotta take advantage!I had the tuna app and the steak tartare. Both were excellent. The tuna (raw) was very tasty. I loved the sliced peppers which gave it a nice mild heat and the oil dressing on the bottom was a little sweet and so good. The tartare was also very good. Served with some greens and toast. Wasn't a huge fan of the sauce on top but otherwise, a great dish. Great quality meat.Oh yeah, I had their Let It Bleed cocktail--tasty with some Elijah Craig bourbon but come on, you gotta give me a little more for $10. Seriously, it was a pretty small cocktail. That's what she said.Wife had the chicken which was fantastic. So tender, reasonably moist and the seasoning was excellent. Good spatchcock Amalfi coast type prep with a nice crisp on the skin. She also loved the pureed potatoes that came with it. Craft in the old days also had a really good puree and I think this one matched it. She also got the crispy punched potatoes as a side with cheese on top which was really good. Thought the ones at KR Steakbar were better (mainly because of the rosemary and slightly better crisp) but these were very good as well.I really wanted the veal rib chop but the clock was ticking so I got the swordfish. Very good. It's wood roasted so it had a great smokey flavor, not overpowering, and was seasoned well and well-cooked. Not dry at all. Comes with an olive/tomato type dressing with capers so there was a nice saltiness to it. It's a thin piece so be prepared in case you are expecting a thick steak. I also added the cavolo nero at the last minute (unlikely to come again any time soon so gotta maximize!) which were some braised (?) black kale with a poached egg. I love egg. Despite the braised nature of the greens, they still had some crunch to them.We got a 5 pm table so the restaurant itself was not super busy but the bar was basically full and hopping. Of course it got busier as we left. The service was attentive and cordial. Not too pushy or distracted. Cracked a few jokes with the waitress and she didn't laugh nearly as much as I thought she should. Maybe I'm losing my touch. She was very nice though.Overall, this place is a hit. I loved it. After a really underseasoned and underwhelming last nice meal out at KR Steakbar and less than stellar past Ford Fry experiences (haven't been but hear Optimist is great), this place is a must try. If they keep up the quality and service, it will be around much longer than Bluepointe was.
<review# 216,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/31/2013,4/23/2014,110,100,3,11,9>We came for the bottomless mimosas!  We left very satisfied with the bottomless mimosas!  This is a very small restaurant that has the neighborhood hangout written all over it.  We went on a Sunday for brunch and I must give Avery at the bar a shoutout!  He did a great job of recommending food and keeping our mimosa glasses full.  Not once did our glasses get empty!  This is how service is supposed to be.  I ordered the pancakes and chicken sausage which were both delicious.  I'll definitely be back here in the future.  The only con that I can think of is a small one - the builders of the establishment put the bar in backwards so it's really awkward having your legs against what's supposed to be the backside of the bar.  You'll see what I mean if you visit but other than that....i'm a fan!
<review# 217,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2014,4/22/2014,90,95,8,13,6>I am shocked--SHOCKED--that this place doesn't have a perfect rating.  Are you guys all crazy?  Are you on the rock, and therefore your appetite is diminished??  This pizza is amazing.  It's the pizzafied nectar of gods, I tell you.No, it's not Antico or whatever the hell fancy million-dollar pizza is trendy right now.  It's just delicious, quality pie from the kind of place my grandparents would call a "pizza parlor".I just drove all the way from MY HOUSE to CHAMBLEE on a WEEKNIGHT because I had a craving.  And y'all know I don't like to drive places, or leave my house.We usually get a pizza with pepperoni and black olives.  I don't know where they get their ingredients from, but Galla's has the best pepperoni AND the best olives.  The pepperoni is a smaller diameter than usual, but is cut thicker for a tastier morsel.  It's got the right spice and grease, without being overpowering.  Something about the way it's sliced just makes it satisfying!  Their olives are pitted and sliced, but kinda like they're cut in half lengthwise, but not separated?  That's too many words for regular ol' black olives, but again--the texture and the flavor are head and shoulders above other pizza joints.  They never undercheese, and I am practically part mouse.  The crust has a little bit of greasy deliciousness, but is crispy on the outside and has a nice chew.  This is one of the few places I go where I don't leave a pile of crust behind.  Which is easier since some of the pieces are pure middle-pie goodness, since they slice in squares.I usually don't branch out to other foods, but I did try the caprese and it was decent.  Again, not gourmet!  Just tasty. I hear their garlic breads and other things are tasty, but I am always in a pizza mood when I visit.In summation: this is not a fancy place.  It is the place you go when you want pizza but you know Papa John's/Dominos/Pizza Hut are all disgusting and make you sad.  Galla's is delicious, regular-ass pizza.  Eat it.  If you want fancy things, go downtown or something.
<review# 218,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2014,4/21/2014,120,360,9,7,7>After hearing Hankook won one of the manliest restaurants in the US, we had to try it.  This is a really small restaurant with no booze, which makes the turn around very quick.  If you walk in and its slammed - by the time you get your food you will have a table and it will be worth it.  I had two of the daily special tacos -- one was chicken with sriracha and sesame salad, and the other was fried avocados with seasame salad.  It was like all the other yelpers agree - like an explosion of flavor for my tastebuds to enjoy.We also had the man doo -- which is fried dumplings, filled with pork with ginger sauce.  Is it manly?  Well -- let's just say I might have to shave my chest a little now.
<review# 219,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2014,4/20/2014,147,81,4,8,8>The Flying Biscuit Cafe (TFB) has breakfast all day, everyday. Even though I am not much of a breakfast person, TFB is a place I would go to again and again. I came here for brunch on a Saturday with two other friends. At first I was not sure if I could get a parking spot due to the limited spaces here. Glad a spot opened up when I arrived but I had to wait a little bit outside the restaurant. Some of the entrees that I tried and liked are:* Clifton OmeletteThis hearty meal has three large fresh eggs fully garnished with goat cheese and mushrooms, topped with warm tomato coulis and basil. In addition, it was served with creamy dreamy grits. Very tasty indeed.* Turkey HashDeliciousness in a platter. These are two large farm eggs over medium, topped with cheddar cheese and served over slow roasted turkey pot roast. Even the oven-roasted rosemary potatoes were wonderful. Cooked just right and not too soft.* Smoked Salmon ScrambleIf you want to be on the healthy side, try this salmon entree.  You will get your Omega 3 and proteins from three large farm fresh eggs, scrambled with wood-smoked salmon and dill cream cheese.  I lived here many years in the South but have not learned to like grits. However, I find myself eating the creamy dreamy grits. Yeah, it was really good. You will not be hungry when you come out of here. All the entrees I tried came with  warm biscuits with cranberry apple sauce. It was all delicious. The coffee was good and hot on a cold winter's day. Our server was courteous and friendly. The place is small but it had lots of atmosphere and personality added to it besides offering good food. The WiFi from Caribou was an added bonus.  yelp.com/biz_photos/the-Yelp # 73
<review# 220,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2013,4/19/2014,73,153,3,7,4>Not one, not two, but three different variations of my go to sandwich, The Ruben, can be found on this menu.  That fact alone is worth almost 4 stars.  This is a blessing for my taste buds, but a curse because I feel as though I will be paralyzed by indecision on my next visit.  I had the Urban Ruban.  The Berkshire pork, peppers, and horseradish sauce meld together into a flavor explosion stuffed between some fresh, locally made bread.  I also sampled K's Cannibal Club.  Think of it as a club sandwich on steroids.  Its good, end of story.  I think I have found my favorite sandwich spot in Atlanta!  Fresh, store made ingredients, unique flavor combinations, and H&F bread.  To ecco some other reviews, they do need to fix the ventilation system, but I won't complain too much about smelling like my lunch.
<review# 221,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2013,4/18/2014,44,102,1,10,4>I'm glad I got hungry around this area and chose to try a couple of tacos here. I got the cabeza (cheek) and barbacoa (goat) tacos, which I don't see very often in my own neighborhood. Oh my, I don't know if it's because it's been so long, but the cabeza taco was really good. It's also the perfect vehicle to try the tomatillo or red salsa that is brought to your table. The barbacoa really didn't need any extra flavoring and was also very good. All washed down with some refreshing jamaica.   A couple of notes about this place:-it's sandwiched between Clairmont Rd. and Buford Hwy, with entrances to the parking lot from both streets-it's a sit in and take out restaurant. I thought it was an "order and pay at the counter" kind of place, but you can just sit down and they'll bring you menus-it's an older building, but it's very clean-very friendly staff -very quick service, although I only ordered tacos
<review# 222,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/14/2013,4/17/2014,33,49,1,9,6>I was a bit hesitant when I pulled up and found that Divan was a remodeled house.NO NEED FOR HESITATION!PROS*Location*Unique*Yummy Food*Great Service *Lovely Atmosphere*Valet Parking*Cocktail was tastyI look forward to returning before the end of the year.   Someone had a great vision.BTW: My homegirl enjoyed the Hookah!
<review# 223,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2013,4/16/2014,135,560,3,7,4>i was a peachy parkng fan, up until we received a 99 cents on a saturday parking from park n fly and decided to give them a try. just a heads up, the 99 cents are only up until that midnigt, if you go past midnight, the onsite rate is 13 bucks - and for that, i take one star. HOWEVER! if you book an advanced online reseravation, it can be very cheap. i just wish i took advantage of that. i though the price shown online would be the same on site so i did not finish my online transaction. i paid 14 bucks for saturday and sunday parking, otherwise, it would have only been 5 bucks for the two days.sigh** take advantage of their online early registration.
<review# 224,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/1/2014,4/15/2014,141,352,2,8,7>My first review for 2014!!!!!I took my 2 and 5 year old today since it was gross outside.  I love this intown location.   The layout is different that the SS location, which I enjoyed.  The check in process should have been short and sweet, but they had issues with the network.  They stamp your child's arm and your hand with a matching black light stamp and check it on your way in and out.  I love that everyone, including adults, must wear socks. No shoes and no bare feet allowed.It was not busy at all and the music level was not too high.  My kids lived the jungle gym area with the air guns (safe ones) and ball area.  The slides were also a lot of fun. Snacks and drinks are available for purchase, but are not hat cheap. Since you can't bring your own, I suggest you go between meals.  They do have water fountains, but they spray too high and the kids got their shirts and socks wet.Even though there were no parties, they did turn off the mail lights and lit up the dance floor and added some strobe light features while an Elmo character came out to dance with the kids.  This was a nice touch!The bathroom (only saw the women's) was very clean.  They had a kiddie size potty and a step stool for them by the sink.It is difficult to watch two kids there, so if you do go with 2 or more, make sure that they are self sufficient.  If I could make one recommendation it would be to include your rates on the website.  I had to call.It is $6 for kids 2 and under. $10 for kids 3-12. Tax is not included in that rate, so be prepared to spend a little bit. I know that we lucked out with it not being super busy, so I would always suggest calling before you go so you know how many parties or how busy it is, and usually go when it opens since more parties are I the afternoons. .l
<review# 225,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2013,4/14/2014,57,162,8,6,3>The BeltLine makes me happy. Even in all this stupid/cloudy/rainy/frustrating weather I can't help but be in a good mood when I am on the BeltLine. Just seeing people (and dogs!) using it is great. Atlanta needs this type of recreation space and I'm excited to see it grow. This section is a great connection through town and it's nice to see the businesses along it are welcome people off the path. I think the BeltLine police force recently added is a nice addition after hearing about a few random thefts. It's a nice place for a run and perfect for walking and people watching. I live by the park so I always start at Monroe and walk to the paved end at Irwin street and back. But I'm curious to see what develops down at Irwin street (other than Bell Street Burritos and Jake's which are already great spots). Seems like there could be more of a destination at that end to compete with Piedmont park at the other. I have biked it a few times as well. But beware as a biker that you should expect more of a leisurely ride because of the crowd and majority of people running/walking. And I find that starting at Monroe and going south feels slightly more inclined than the ride north. Just sayin. Easy ride either way though. If you're a more serious cyclist then the trail has a connection to the freedom park trail (stone mountain path) over behind Barcelona/Parish area. I like to see the art work along the path and I can tell there is still a lot to come. The unwelcome sloppy graffiti is stupid but always quickly cleaned/covered up. The only negative thing I have to say about the path is that ridiculous homeless cat shelter past North Avenue in the little culvert. I dunno who started that and feeds those things, but cats are evil demons. Somebody needs to demo their house.
<review# 226,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2013,4/13/2014,62,94,3,9,5>Amazingly, this exceeded my expectations because they were pretty high. Got the bibimbap/short rib combo, beef bulgogi, kimchi tofu soup, and a seafood pancake. Split between three very hungry girls. It was an amazing experience. The interior is very nice as well. Can't wait to return on a date. My only regret was that I had to stop eating.
<review# 227,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2013,4/12/2014,27,131,3,8,5>Come on Wednesdays for the $5 dozen oysters. It's a fantastic deal for great tasting fresh oysters. The seafood gumbo appetizer is also really good. For entree, I got the Seared Sea Scallops which were great. My 1 year old loved the black eyed peas. He couldn't get enough of them.Parking is a little bit of a challenge though. They only have valet parking, and since the parking lot can get pretty crammed on a specials night, expect to wait a little bit to get your car parked and for picking up your car.
<review# 228,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2013,4/11/2014,84,178,3,8,5>Had lunch here today. Two hours later, I'm trying to figure out how soon is too soon to come back. I mean, it's sort of pricey, and I don't live anywhere near here. But hot damn was the food yummy. I had the basic burger with bacon and cheese added on (at the recommendation of my server). I was also considering the farmer's burger, which my co-worker ended up getting. I tried a piece and they were both really good. The meat was juicy and the toppings were deliciously complementary. I especially enjoyed the pickled onions on my burger, which is a big deal because I am usually anti-onion on my burgers. My other co-worker got the turkey burger, which she loved. The sweet potato tots were a standout.  More flavorful than your average sweet potato tot, plus they season them. I tried some of the onion rings and seriously, next time I come here, I'm getting them. Not too greasy or overbattered. Last but definitely not least, the shakes! I got the Krispy Kreme shake, which really tastes like a KK doughnut! But what made my eyes roll back in my head was a taste of my co-worker's Nutella and burnt marshmallow shake. I prayed to the Powers That Be that I might come back here soon and get myself one of these bad boys. I had a hard time picking between 4 and 5 stars, and in the end went with the latter because the service was really great. Our server was upbeat and friendly. Flip is definitely on the edge of what I'm willing to pay for a burger, especially considering the burger is one of the smallest I've had. BUT I was stuffed once I finished and took the shake to-go. So I guess it all works out in the end.
<review# 229,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/26/2013,4/10/2014,157,447,7,9,8>Full disclosure: I don't own a dog. Even so, my husband and I love to include a visit to the dog park during our regular walks in Piedmont Park. We have a game we like to play on the way there. It's called "over-under" and it's so easy. One of us will guess the number of dogs inside the park, and the other will guess either over or under. It's interesting to see how often the number of dogs inside the park varies based on things like time of day, day of the week, and weather conditions. A typical mid-morning weekday with no rain might have 7-9 dogs, while on a beautiful weekend afternoon the number could triple or quadruple.We like the vantage point of Park Drive on the bridge, but we'll occasionally stroll down to the park fence to watch dogs and owners have some fun up close. It's a great addition to our neighborhood park, and with the opening of the small dog park adjacent to the main area, even the littlest canines can enjoy their social playtime.
<review# 230,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2013,4/9/2014,92,216,1,11,5>Heaven. Everything is perfect.  Autumn nights cocktail was delicious- cheese gougeres were delightful . Broccoli soup with basil oil was scrumptious. Chateau Simard saint Emilion 2003 was very tasty. Crab fritter is orgasmic. Gnocchi was perfect with wonderful combination of flavors.  Lamb was prepared expertly and quite good. Cheese was so so good. For dessert, cranberry soufflé was the perfect ending to a heavenly meal.
<review# 231,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2013,4/8/2014,128,114,4,7,7>I had the opportunity to attend a Remy Martin Tasting here and I was very pleased with this establishment. By the end of the tasting the tasting presentation ended in the ballroom. Oh my was I wooo. The ballroom ceilings were so beautifully crafted that I wanted to take pictures, I thought I was in an ancient tim eof rome or something. Sadly I could not because, no picture taken was allowed. I would love to  visit this place again. THIS IS MY VOTE TO HAVE THE YELP CHRISTMAS PARTY AT...PLEASEEEEE!
<review# 232,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/24/2013,4/7/2014,66,188,3,11,4>After being a long time bookmark,  I finally made it to the Lawrence!  Located at the corner of Juniper and 8th street, you can Valet in the wells fargo lot  on the same intersection ( just catty corner to the restaurant).  The space is small and clean and modern and adorable.  I was a little nervous, because they had no record of my reservation I made, but they sat us immediately anyway.  My party of three all ordered the "lady lawrence" drink, and it was DIVINE!  I would come back just for the drinks!   I ordered the salmon, but the crawfish mac and cheese sounded so good, I substituted this for the parsnip puree that was supposed to originally accompany the salmon.  The salmon was perfect, the crawfish mac and cheese was a little disappointing, very dry and a little flavorless.  No matter.   My husband ordered the porkchop and although I didn't taste it, he was pleased and nearly licked the plate clean!  We did order after dinner drinks before heading over to the Fox to see the Nutcracker, I got a special coffee drink, they served in a wine glass. . . .I don't remember the name of the drink (wood and something?), but it was wonderful!!!   Overall I think the Lawrence is a perfect dinner before a midtown or Fox Theater event!
<review# 233,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2013,4/6/2014,210,261,7,12,8>Hmmm, maybe my taste buds have changed since I have gotten a little older. I remember really enjoying these wings while going to school in the AUC. I would walk from campus to get them, they were so good. I would always get the hot wings. So the other day, I was in the area so I decided to get some wings. I never tried the lemon pepper wings here so I decided to do a split. 5 hot and 5 lemon pepper, this will be 50 cent extra. I paid about 8 dollars for a 10 piece. Do not be alarmed, this is a whole in the wall, trailer style. In my older age, I would have kept it moving but I was comfortable with my surroundings then so I had no problems now. The guy cooking my chicken was pleasant and even carried on some conversation as he got my wings together. When I got my wings, they came with celery and a choice of blue cheese or ranch. The chicken was nice and crispy and the lemon pepper was decent, I've had better. The hot wings were good, not as good as I remember but good. If I'm ever in the neighborhood again, I would definitely make my way to Jamal's.
<review# 234,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2013,4/5/2014,82,163,4,11,6>Although it is a bakery/cafe, this place has become famous for it's Bibimbap and Bulgogi Burgers. For those unfamiliar with the word, Bibimbap is a korean dish which literally means - Mixed rice. The ingredients usually involve, rice, veggie, meat, sunny side up egg and gochujang (red pepper) / vinegar sauce. The concept of it becoming a burger is in my opinion, one of the best korean / american fusions out there and Milano (Gina - owner) did an excellent job representing this new creation. oh and bulgogi is a type of beef dish in Korea and is often categorized as "korean bbq" meat. What do you need to do in order to try this delicious, juicy, fusion burger? simply follow my directions:1. Call ahead. Tell them you are wanting the bibimbap burger and the time you plan on arriving. Since it takes a while to make, the owner recommends you calling ahead so you don't have to wait and will start preparing it for you to have it ready when you come. 2. The sign isn't lit at night so it is difficult to see. The store is in a small plaza with 3 other stores. Simply look for "Asian Square" and it's the plaza adjacent to it (south). For those familiar with where Chef Liu's is, it is across the street.3. Arrive, tell them you are here for the burgers, get your drink and chips and take a seat.4. Be amazed and completely satisfied.This place is a solid 5 stars for all aspects of a restaurant. Great hospitable service, delicious and fresh food, and clean interior. The Bibimbap burger here is by far the best in all of Atlanta. GO GO GO GO GO!P.S. Price has gone up on the burger from $6.50 to $6.75 on the Bibimbap while the Bulgogi is still $6.50
<review# 235,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2013,4/4/2014,124,182,4,7,7>Whenever I tell people I am in a wine club, I immediately bust out my monocle and top hat, and also my vanity cane.But what I really mean is that I'm subscribed to a list that gives two nice bottles of wine a month that I pick up at Perrine's.This is a really nice wine shop right next to Yeah Burger on Howell Mill.  The workers here are very friendly, very nice and helpful.  Also, they're not overbearing as salesmen/women... they are there to help, but if you wanna browse, that's fine.Prices for these wines range from $10 to ... well, let's just say, very high.  But they only hawk the good stuff, so you're sure to be satisfied.I'd recommend this place as a nice shop to pick out a nice gift bottle of wine for someone, or for a nice date.
<review# 236,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2013,4/3/2014,103,217,4,9,5>This restaurant seems inconspicuous, and perhaps even daunting, from the street. It sits, unassuming, near the end of a nearly abandon strip mall at the busy intersection of Peachtree and North Druid Hills Road. The green neon sign over the door spelling out the name of the restaurant: maybe French words, that I know my mouth can't form without causing grave injustice to the language. "Tare-uh Tee-roar? Tur-rur? Terror?" I had driven by it at least a million times, always noticing and always wondering, but it always flitted from my mind before I could remember to look it up or think to stop in. But finally, I did. I don't know why it hit me one day, like a slap in the face, but my curiosity finally overcame my flippancy and my husband and I headed here for dinner. We've since returned multiple times. Inside the restaurant is like transporting to... a bistro in in Europe? I wouldn't know, I've never been to Europe. But it's what I imagine it would be like. It's cozy inside though - secluded and romantic. Modern, but still humming with old world charm. The wine bar in the back is cozy and inviting. It beckons you to sit close and murmur to your companion, or make friends with the stranger you now rub elbows with. The back patio: with the stone and the waterfall, the twinkle lights and live greenery, and heaters for nights when the air might give you a chill; the ambiance hearkens me back to my days of relaxing Autumn evenings at old Napa wineries and vineyards.In case you weren't convinced already: the food. Not only is the food just exquisitely delicious, but the menu is so thoughtfully put together - a balance of different foods for different tastes, and assembled in such a way that you can't help but smile. All these things come together to give you this feeling of plush decadence while still feeling so at home. You can sit at your table and feel happily spoiled, while still feeling like this is just an extension of your own dining room. It's a new favorite on my list for Date Night, or when my out of town friends and/or family come to visit. I am not a fancy girl. I didn't grow up with fancy things or going to fancy places. So, fancy things and fancy places, understandably, make me feel out of place. But Terra Terroir is fancy without being pretentious. I can sit there and feel spoiled, while still feeling that I'm exactly where I belong.
<review# 237,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2014,4/2/2014,63,113,4,10,7>The Garden has really raised the bar over the last few years- we are talking must-see sight for out of towners. The travelling exhibits are consistently amazing but even the permanent exhibits alone are well worth the admission. As another reviewer said, the Orchid House is just magical. The rainforest atrium is gorgeous and the animals are a charming addition. The holiday Garden Lights cannot be missed but buying tickets online in advance is a necessity. We went twice this year only to find it was sold out before we wised up and bought tickets a week in advance. The Fest of Ale and the scarecrows in the fall are another can't miss exhibit. Check the calendar of events as there are many throughout the year and every season brings a totally different garden experience.As a teacher, I highly recommend taking students to the ABG. The ladies that run the Education Department are exceptional. If you work at a Title 1 school, you qualify for free admission for your students and chaperones. You can take the kids through the garden or have a guided tour. They even have an outdoor kitchen! I took a group of high school students to the Imaginary Worlds exhibit and they were blown away! You can walk directly out of the garden gates and into Piedmont Park for a picnic. It really couldn't be anymore convenient.Great job, Atlanta Botanical Garden! Way to step up the game for other Atlanta area attractions!
<review# 238,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/25/2013,4/1/2014,257,221,8,15,7>I've been to Johnny's during the week and love the atmosphere and music.  Most recently, I went last Saturday night to celebrate a friend's birthday.  I had never been on a Saturday night and  I was shocked at how packed it was at 10:30.  There is a $5 cover charge for Saturday night, a lot less than downtown bars.Frankly, all we did was drink and dance.  And we had a hell of a good time.  We used two servers, both of which were friendly and quick with both drinks and credit card receipts.  I commend them on being so good with such a huge crowd.  Johnny's is known for it's older crowd (50+) and they were out in full force Saturday night. I love that some older people get out and show that dancing doesn't end just because you get some wrinkles. Normally, I can't spend a lot of time in Johnny's because it's so smoky, but for some reason it didn't seem so bad Saturday night.  We had a table and no one at the tables around us was smoking so our area was relatively smoke-free.  The sure proof was there when I left because I didn't smell like an ashtray.  Because we were drinking a lot, we took taxis to and from Johnny's and there were plenty available when we left around 1am.  But there is free parking everywhere because it's in the center of a mecca of strip malls.
<review# 239,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2013,3/31/2014,150,187,4,10,9>An Atlanta institution.  When I want home-style fried chicken not your fast-food variety this is the place I go.  I haven't found another place like it in Atlanta.  I got the two piece white with string beans, mac & cheese, and added the fried okra.  And while I was at it added a slice of key lime cake.  The chicken is moist and well seasoned and the mac and cheese was on point.  Love the cornbread too, it wasn't overly sweet it was just right.  The only complaint I have and it's a big one is space.  This place have been around about 50 years and never moved.  It's a real popular place and I would think at some point they will find a bigger space.  I never dined in because of the tight quarters.  I was feeling a bit claustrophobic when I came in to pick-up.  Luckily, I called my order ahead and didn't have to wait long to get my order.  Lesson learned, call ahead.  After all this, me and many other people keep coming back.  Just face it, they have the best home-style fried chicken around.  I'll be back.
<review# 240,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2013,3/30/2014,34,54,5,9,7>If you like the background themes from Spongebob, Somewhere over the Rainbow, and Hula songs playing in an eternal loop, you are in luck!I have been coming to this fine establishment for several years, and with good reason. Although some items weren't too Hawaiian, the food was very impressive. My favorite items include any of the BBQ plate combos and curry over BBQ chicken. The spam with rice and crab rangoons also make nice additions.  Each plate is absolutely delicious and rich, and the portions are very large. If you need more sauce, fear not! There is plenty of BBQ sauce and sriracha to go around. With any of the plates, you can also expect macaroni salad, which is actually one of the best parts of the meal. The Hawaiian beers are also quite delicious. The restaurant itself is not presumptuous. The outside looks Hawaiian enough and the restaurant is on the cozier side. If you're bored, there are puzzles that you can tinker with in the back. You can expect performances on certain days. These performances are pleasant at first but can get a little loud: the total opposite of the calm Hawaiian theme the restaurant tries to portray. As I mentioned earlier, the music could get repetitive, enough to drive someone crazy. Finally, the owner is a character but he will take good care of you. Overall, this is a great restaurant, and I will continue to be a patron.
<review# 241,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2013,3/29/2014,102,66,4,6,5>JCT is hard to beat, they specialize in upscale southern foods we grew up on here in the south.   When folks come to visit in Atlanta it is usually the dinner spot that we end up.  The service has been outstanding every time I have visited.  I recommend the Fried Chicken, you have to get there earlier for dinner because they sometimes run out.  You might also try the deviled eggs - they are some of the best deviled eggs I've ever eaten.  The restaurant is downstairs and in the evening the upstairs bar beside Sid Mashburn is a great spot for cocktails, they also have several small plate options.  On occasion, they have live music as well, I enjoy dropping by after work on my way home.  The only downside is getting there in the afternoon with traffic - but we have grown accustomed to that here in Atlanta.
<review# 242,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2013,3/28/2014,789,691,3,14,8>Rich creamy delicious pork broth. Perfect for a cold rainy day. And even more perfect, Tonkotsu Ramen is just $6 during lunch.Four different $6 lunch specials to choose from - you're at a ramen joint so go for the Tonkotsu Ramen. Very tasty broth, al dente noodles, toppings include scallions, seaweed, bean sprouts, bamboo shoots and pickled ginger that had a kick. Pork belly was yummy too - only issue was the inconsistent #. I had 3 maybe 4, one co-worker had 2, and another had 1. Also, not a fan of bamboo shoots - I find them stinky and thought they only show up in Chinese food. I saw a person at another table use a garlic press so I assume fresh garlic is available upon request. If you're not into ramen, the other $6 specials are Spicy Pork Donburi, Chicken Donburi and Bibim Bap. But again you're at a ramen restaurant so you probably want to get the ramen :)Space is cool esp. the Japanese script on the ceiling. Crowd is mixed with workers and Asian GT students. Thanks to Joy W for the parking tip. Do NOT park in the main lot next to the building b/c you will have a hard time getting out. Instead park in the separate lot at the back of the building - plenty of spots there.
<review# 243,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2014,3/27/2014,1772,1772,11,63,22>Buford Highway is Atlanta's mecca of Asian and Latin American businesses.  It's best known for its numerous ethnic restaurants, which is what this review is primarily based upon.  For all intents and purposes, this review covers Buford Highway as it starts inside the perimeter (ITP) around Brookhaven, north towards Chamblee and Doraville to I-285 and outside the perimeter (OTP), into unincorporated parts of DeKalb County, and finally into the city of Norcross and Gwinnett County.Buford Highway is miles upon miles of mostly older, unattractive strip malls.  However, many of those strip malls are filled with great restaurants offering delicious, authentic cuisine that can often be difficult to find elsewhere in the Atlanta metro.  When I first moved to Atlanta in 2000, I was unimpressed with Buford Highway.  I guess I was expecting more of a big city "Chinatown," though over the years I've slowly grown to love it.In the past 10-15 years, several Asian businesses have closed or moved north into Gwinnett County.  Examples include Hong Kong Supermarket and Happy Valley seafood and dim sum restaurant, which moved from Buford Highway near Clairmont Rd. to Jimmy Carter Blvd. in Norcross.  Pung Mie Chinese restaurant became Fung Mie and moved to Pleasant Hill Rd. in Duluth.  China Delight, one of my favorite Chinese restaurants at the time, closed in 2011.  24/7 Korean restaurants 88 Tofu House and Go Hyang House closed.  Other closures include Cafe 101 (it reopened as "1968 at Cafe 101"), Pho 96, and 99 Ranch Market.Even with all the closures, there have been many openings of new restaurants and cafes over the past 5 years or so.  Some of these include the popular and wildly successful Sweet Hut Bakery & Cafe, Honey Bits, Kung Fu Tea, Paris Baguette, Nam Phuong (second location), Kochi Maru, I Luv Pho (third location), Pho 24, China Village, Gu's Bistro, Tostones Latin Cafe, Viet-Nomie's, Karaoke Melody 2, Quickly, Tei Wei Chinese Kabobs, and Tempo Doeloe.  Bon Ga Korean Restaurant moved from Norcross to the Global Forum Shopping Center closer to the perimeter.  So, fear not, Buford Highway is still alive and well.When it comes to Asian food, Buford Highway is dominated by Vietnamese and Chinese restaurants and then, to a lesser extent, Korean restaurants.  There's not much Japanese or sushi, but the best sushi restaurant in Atlanta (Sushi House Hayakawa) does reside on Buford Highway.  Asian highlights include:Vietnamese banh mi (sandwiches):Quoc HuongLee's BakeryViet TofuVietnamese pho (beef noodle soup):Pho Dai Loi #2Pho BacPho 24I Luv PhoVietnamese cuisine in general:Nam PhuongQuan Ba 9Chateau de SaigonCom Vietnamese GrillChinese:Bo Bo GardenGu's BistroChef LiuChina VillageNorthern China EateryCanton House1968 at Cafe 101Chinese skewers:Tei WeiKochi MaruKorean:So Kong DongCho Dang Tofu HouseBon Ga Korean RestaurantCho Sun OkKorea GardenJapanese:Sushi House HayakawaKang NamBakeries/Cafes:Sweet HutWhite WindmillMilanoMozartHoney BitsKung Fu TeaParis BaguetteKaraoke Bars:Karaoke Melody 2Karaoke Melody 1Hangkok Happy KaraokeI do have to mention some very good Asian restaurants are located just off of Buford Highway.  These include Shoya Izakaya (Japanese) in the Doraville Super H Mart shopping complex near Peachtree Industrial Blvd. and I-285 and Chinese dim sum restaurants like Oriental Pearl and Royal China on/near New Peachtree Rd. in Chamblee, in/close to Atlanta's "Chinatown" mall.Though I'm less familiar with Latin American food, I've had my fair share of Latin cuisine on Buford Highway.  The Latin American restaurants are mostly Mexican, though there is a presence of Argentinian, Colombian, Cuban, Dominican, El Salvadorian, Peruvian, Puerto Rican, Uruguayan, and Venezuelan to name several.  Highlights include:Mexican:El Taco VelozEl Senor TacoMariscos La Riviera Nayarit (seafood)El PotroLa PastorcitaTaqueria El Rey Del TacoDon PedroOther:Sabores del Plata - Argentinian, meatsHavana Restaurant - CubanRincon Latino - Central American, including El SalvadorianNatarica Grill - VenezuelanMi Pilon - Puerto RicanTostones Latin Cafe - all sorts including ColombianMachu Picchu - PeruvianRed & Green Brazilian Steakhouse - churrascariaAdditional restaurants worth mentioning are Crawfish Shack (fresh seafood), Penang (Southeast Asian cuisine), Panahar (Bangladeshi/Indian), Mini Hot Pot (Taiwanese hot pot), and Harmony Vegetarian Chinese.The above list of restaurants is by no means a comprehensive list of places to go on Buford Highway, though it can serve as a good starting point.  There are several good restaurants that I haven't mentioned.  For a complete list of my Buford Highway reviews, please visit my "Buford Highway: North to South" list at the following link: yelp.com/list/buford-hig.Enjoy!
<review# 244,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2013,3/26/2014,30,214,2,8,3>Wow! A hidden gem! Prior to coming here, I saw pictures and I was having second thoughts on coming here. Then I got there and couldn't find the place, it's next to elmyrs by the way--- in the back of some sort of store? So yeah it truly is a hidden gem! The food is excellent: loved the rib tips -- it melts in ur mouth! Definitely coming here and bringing all my family and friends here too! Try this place out! More worth it and tastes better than ur fancy/poshy $100 meal but walking out the door only paying $15!!! Say whaaaaat?!? Simply put; you don't want to miss out on this!
<review# 245,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2013,3/25/2014,24,342,2,7,7>South City Kitchen has appeared on quite a few 'Best of' lists and I've even had a conversation in the Whole Foods store in Albuquerque about the restaurant's excellence. So, time to try it.Saturday early evening parking choices consist mainly of commercial lots and the garage across the street with prices varying from $5 - $15 that we saw. However,  quite a few $2/hr street spaces on 11th Street worked just fine. It's a pleasant walk from there to South City Kitchen, particularly on the way back. This is a vibrant restaurant neighborhood and even with the rains earlier in the day, lots of people on the street. Perhaps it was the Music Midtown influence as well.The inside spaces seemed overly air-conditioned, but the enclosed patio was perfect. It's not the most delightful view in town, but not offensive either. I might try the inside next time just to get the different ambiance.That all said, once seated, everything proceeded fabulously. This really is a great restaurant. Food is top notch and the service is as well, without being overly formal or stuffy.Beer list is short but adequate: I chose an Oregon Session lager which was very nice. Wife had a sparkling wine of some sort with no complaints. They have some interesting-looking cocktails.Crisped catfish appetizer: stellar. Two decent-sized pieces cooked to perfection with a nice remoulade or tartar sauce.Fried Chicken: people rave. Quite right. Mostly boneless breast of chicken atop mashed potatoes and collards. Sounds simple and southern and it is.Early Fall Vegetable plate: all pretty good; I might have wanted more hen-of-the-woods mushrooms in the kale. Roasted cauliflower side: I love roasted cauliflower and if you make it with chiles, I'll love it even more. They do.Pecan pie: squirrel food pie. Wonderful and not too large. If you're both big dessert eaters, get two.We've added South City Kitchen to our go-to list. As a bonus, for this level of food, it's not too expensive.
<review# 246,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/1/2013,3/24/2014,127,69,2,7,5>Everything here seems to be in order! A great combination of east meets west. Certainly tastier than Takorea (midtown) and almost meets the MJ Taco (Gwinnett) standard, in my opinion. Opening the door to this Georgia State favorite, I was greeted to a host of students and businessmen and women. Very interesting already. The lines dwindle down quickly so do not feel threatened by estimated wait times, it'll pass soon. Ordered a few tacos and a bibimbap that was delivered to my table within 10 minutes, which was not bad for a lunch rush. I enjoyed the meal and was happy with the pricing. The sweet potatoes was simple, though extremely delicious. I would highly recommend them and wouldn't think of an order without these tasty treats. The employees were quick and also very friendly. It made me feel right at home and welcomed.Great job, Blossom Tree!
<review# 247,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/24/2013,3/23/2014,74,119,4,8,6>Solid, tasty BBQ - probably the best in this area.I was super sad to see the hot dog place leave this place so suddenly but The Greater Good has been a nice addition so far. I tend to order the same thing even though I say I will switch up each time: 1/4 dark smoked chicken, mac n cheese and baked beans. The "plates" are served with a piece of grilled texas toast as well. This chicken is perfectly seasoned and smoked! The flavor is really good and as Stephanie M has mentioned - really does not need sauce. But I like sauce so I still use it. Their house sauce is nice but the Carolina is very good and tangy if you like a mustardy base.Mac and cheese is the best I've had at any BBQ joint. Noodles are a bit overcooked but I love that it's not overly greasy. Baked beans go well with the mac and cheese. I've had their greens, not bad but not great. The day I had them, they were a bit too salty.You may recognize the male owner - he was at the Howell Mill Taqueria del Sol for years.  One day I will get outside of my rut and try the ribs.
<review# 248,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/27/2013,3/22/2014,20,89,6,7,4>Anybody notice how people LOSE THEIR SHIT over Sweet Hut?!Even as I'm writing this, my boyfriend is reading over my shoulder and arguing with me about the rating I should give it. "BABES. THAT IS DEFINITELY A 5 STAR KIND OF PLACE." And then running through a list of everything we ordered and trying to change my mind about it.Sweet Hut is your standard Asian bakery, just done a lil' nicer. The pastries are good and a variety of different types, more breakfasty, Euro-style, really Asian. Korean and Taiwanese. Lots and lots. And the drink offering is pretty solid. Bubble tea, slushies, smoothies, milk tea, and coffee- also varieties of coffee you won't see at your usual cafe type place.Sweet Hut is also PACKED all the time. It's a clear winner among the Asian crowd, even though it was pretty diverse every time I went. I just recently went on a Saturday night after dinner, and you could tell everyone else there was doing the same. Mostly bigger groups hanging out to dinner while they munched on pastries and dessert drinks. The other time I came it was Saturday during the day, and it was full of smaller groups and individuals studying.The seating arrangements here are really nice. There are big couches with tables along the wall on the side, with another area full of tables and plush dining chairs on the other side. Pretty comfy. Just be prepared to make do with what's available, because the best stuff is probably taken.The last time I went I took a chance on the "Sea Salt Coffee Latte". I freaked out when I first tried it because it was extremely salty. Then I realized that they just used specially made whip cream full of salt, and the rest of it was normal coffee. I split some egg custard cups and a swirly, taro-y pastry with slivered almonds. These were ok, I don't think they were way better than what you can get at other good Asian bakeries.The bubble and milk teas are crazy sweet. My friend ordered a Thai Iced Tea and NONE OF US could drink it because it was so sweet. We just left it on the table. That's a serious level of sweetness- even after dinner dessert fiends couldn't handle it.I also wish the bubble tea flavors were more extensive. I was really craving a Pistachio bubble tea, like at Honey Bubble and I was out of luck here. Though they have more extras for your tea here, more jellies and whatnot, than Honey Bubble does, they have about half the flavors.All in all, it was good. But not something mind blowing or can't-live-without. I'll stick to my bubble tea from Honey Bubble and pastries from the farmer's market. The vibe is really cute and comfy, but I don't have a lot of time to hang out at cafes anymore anyway.
<review# 249,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2013,3/21/2014,162,58,2,6,3>Center Stage is an awesome venue. Large enough to seat a significant amount of people, yet it is small enough to keep the show intimate. Every seat in the house is a good seat.I went to see Lupe Fiasco, Stalley, and Boy Illinois last Saturday with a buddy of mine - first time to Center Stage for both - and had a great time. We sat on the top right side and still got a great view. (See pic)The bar adds a great touch. Parking can be tricky. There is a small deck to the side of the building, but fills up quickly. Try your luck or park across the street at the gravel lot or go up a street to Peachtree for street parking.Here is a fan of good music that hopes to see more shows here!
<review# 250,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2013,3/20/2014,38,159,2,5,4>Went here for brunch last weekend and it was easily the best brunch I've had in atlanta. They had tons of choices beyond the traditional pancakes, bagels, or omelettes that other places offer and had a whole menu of breakfast cocktails to go with it! The waiter was great and gave some stellar recommendations and everyone at our table loved their food. I had the Big Nasty and it was fantastic. Truly huge and I got another meal out of the leftovers the next morning!For drinks I had the Orange Thing and a screwdriver. Both were great, but the Orange Thing was especially good. My friend had a bloody mary and didn't really care for the Capers they use in their mix. I'll definitely be back to try some more items from the brunch menu!
<review# 251,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/21/2013,3/19/2014,224,259,3,5,4>Had dinner with a group of girlfriends on the patio since it was a perfect weather kinda night.  There was a twinkling street light which was annoying at first but we got used to it.  There was a strange random guest dancing in front of the piano (LOL) to get the pianist' attention.  We felt bad staring but apparently she is there a lot and had a crush on the pianist. Eh, to each his own.  The food was DELICIOUS!!  We tried a few things to start:  I like the hummus the best.  Seafood was great as well for entrees.I will go back...even if just to watch miss thang serenade her pianist!  Love it.
<review# 252,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2013,3/18/2014,91,277,,12,10>I really like having Baby Love in the neighborhood. We live nearby and pop in pretty frequently now that we have a baby on the way. Lauren, the owner, is really friendly and helpful. She seems passionate about what she does and is always up for answering questions.They offer a nice selection of new and gently used items. I bought a bunch of work-appropriate maternity clothing here (pants, dresses, and blouses) and I felt like the prices were fair. Why pay full price when you don't need to? If you're looking for something specific and don't care about whether or not it's brand new, I would definitely check Baby Love before you go to Babies 'R' Us or some place like that. They sell strollers, baby carriers, high chairs, diaper pails, bouncers, baby swings, toys, clothing, shoes, books, you name it. It always feels good to support local businesses!
<review# 253,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2013,3/16/2014,39,101,2,11,9>From Embarrassment to Awe(Back Story, feel free to skip) WOODFIRE GRILL WAS THE BEST DINING EXPERIENCE I HAVE EVER HAD.  I had bought through Scout Mob a price fix wine pairing for my Fiance's birthday. The total was around $180.  When I had got there at 6 to check in, they didn't have have my name in. We had figured out that I had booked it for the previous night not realizing there was a drop down box to select the night I wanted to do the wine pairing. They did several different nights for this deal and had limited seating for the deal. They only had enough menu items for the seats available. I was embarrassed and quite angry with myself. This was completely my fault, not scout mob's or woodfire. Nick who was the manager gave me the option of waiting it out to see if someone didn't show up for their wine pairing menu. There was another couple in front of us though that made the exact same mistake as did I. They were there earlier so they were higher up on the food pairing standby list. To cool off my frustration we got a drink at the bar. Can't remember what I got or the miss but we were both pretty impressed. Nick came up to us at the bar to tell us how much they wanted us to still eat at their restaurant. He said he would make sure they fully refunded my purchase, even though this was clearly my fault. The other couple who made the same mistake lucked out and got a seat, we did not. We decided we were both eager to finally dine at woodfire so we decided to go ahead and just go for the regular menu. As we were trying to pay out our tab Nick put the drinks on the house! Again I didn't deserve this kind of kindness for my mistake. The restaurant itself is much smaller than you would think looking from outside. Its dark, eclectic and intimate. Fitting for special occasions, romance, or important client dinners. Our menus had our names printed on them, also wishing the miss a happy birthday. I ordered the rabbit, which was one of the least expensive items on the menu (28$), but I adore rabbit. Its a lot like pulled pork but a little more rich in flavor. The miss got steak medallions. We also ordered an appetizer but I can't remember what it was, I do remember it being phenomenal. Like Bacchanalia they bring a gift from the chef. The gift was pimento cheese with bacon jam on a house cracker. Very simple, but extremely tasty. Some of the best pimento cheese I've had. The atmosphere would seem stuffy, but the staff is very professional, warm, sincere and laid back. Really never seen a restaurant culture incorporate easy going with a high level of professionalism. Service seems to come natural to them. The entrees were great and my rabbit was the best I've ever had, better than JTC kitchen which I do adore. Nick came out to ask each of us specifically how are food was. He named each item we got and our names. Very impressive. Nick will be forever remembered to me, for his care, professionalism, and service. When the waiter had asked if we wanted dessert we said we were full and we will need to let it sit and possibly get something later that night somewhere else. It was only 7:00 by the time we finished. Noting that response she brought us ketchup packet style lemon merange pops. She noted that this would give us a taste of something sweet without filling us up. Then she supplied us with brownie cookies to go sealed in a package that we could eat later in the night all free of charge to us! Wow! Also to note I had bought a bunch of party poppers to give to random people throughout the night to come up and wish my fiance happy birthday. The valet attendant happily obliged. In all I feel very grateful to Woodfire Grill for giving my fiance a wonderful and impressive birthday dinner. You turned an embarrassing night into a unforgettable night.  I told every friend I knew about my experience and can't wait to come back.Verdict: Crem de la Crem of restaurant servicePositives:- Farm to Table Freshness- Impeccable food presentation and taste- Top  notch Service- Nick the Manager- Charismatic and warm staff not pretentiousNegative- Cheshire Bridge - No outdoor seating
<review# 254,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/24/2013,3/15/2014,122,53,1,8,6>Being a frequent shopper in the Vinings area, I tend to dine in the same restaurants off Cobb Parkway while I'm on the good and wanted to try something different. This Corner Bakery Cafe is located in the Akers Mill Shopping Center and is adjacent to the Chipotle restaurant, and so far I've been twice.   There's seating inside the restaurant as well as an outside patio with a few tables. I decided to eat inside and was greeted upon entering the restaurant. During my first visit I was given a menu to look over food options before walking up to the cashier to place an order. The atmosphere was very nice and clean and while you wait, you can salivate over all the delicious looking treats they have to offer.     The cashiers were very prompted and knowledgable about the menu enough to give their recommendations. I decided to go with the sandwich combo, which comes with  half a sandwich, a side, and a drink. You're given a number to put on your table so that when your food is ready, the waiter or waitress can bring it to you ( kind of how they do it at Felini's, this pizza joint, but except with pictures ), and your cup to get your drink. The Chicken Pomodori panini on sourdough to be exact, was my sandwich choice with macaroni and cheese, hibiscus lemonade and the ginger lemon whoopee cookie ( during my second visit, I got the same panini and side, but with the old fashioned lemonade and the cream cheese brownie ). The brownie was good, the cookie was decent, both lemonades were really good, and the panini and mac n' cheese were divine. Very tasty!      During both of my visits I dined in. Once to kind of peep the atmosphere and the second time to chill and read. I don't know if it's the former retail side of me that picked up on this very easily, but there were a TON of personal conversations going on between the staff. Some employees stood around talking near the registers to the point where most onlookers would think they're not working, and while I was seated, I heard a lot of complaining from one employee about being ready for someone to come back from their lunch break so that they could go on theirs, and overheard one employee complaining about how he didn't receive a tip. I get having sidebar conversations with your coworkers, aforementioned I used to work in retail, but while I was working in retail, customers were given surveys and one that I clearly remember was someone bringing up how personal conversations between employees comes off to customers and how they should be kept to a minimum in front of customers, especially when you're complaining about something. During my first visit, the waitress was very helpful and checked on her tables ( I wish I could remember her name to give her a shout out ), and during the second, the young lady brought the found out and wasn't seen again. Customer perception is key.   Anyways, Corner Bakery Cafe is a nice dining addition to the Vinings / Cobb Parkway area. I plan to revisit soon. #Yelp100
<review# 255,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2013,3/14/2014,209,595,5,11,7>Jennifer Zyman mentioned this place on a list of good Atlanta tamales so I had to drop everything and head over.  I love tamales.  Check Daniel Bs pic on the storefront so that you know what this place looks like.  Otherwise know that it's a couple of blocks from the Kroger on Roswell Rd and is next door to a lamp shop. The inside is quite bizarre.  It looks more like a gas station sans gas pumps, but once you head to the back and go around the deli case you will see a small area of tables. You might also hear spanish music blaring from the small tvs hanging on the wall. The women working know more English than I know Spanish so don't get to worried if you don't sprechen sie Deutsch errrrr hablo Español.  I had to order a chicken tamale with green sauce since that was the purpose for my visit, but I also decided to get a bowl of chicken soup. I think it's about $6 for a bowl.  For some reason I wasn't expecting either portion to be as big as they were.  The bigger the better right?  The tamale was pretty large.  I could have just eaten it and been fine. It was quite tasty.  A really good spicy chicken mixed inside all that dense masa. I still had the bowl of soup to contend with too.  Check out the pic.  It's basically a big bowl o' chicken broth with 2 bone-in pieces of chicken, 2 halves of a potato, one corn on the cob, and large chunks of carrot.  Fresh tortillas, spanish rice, and the traditional cilantro/jalapeno/onion trifecta all came on the side.  Perfect for beefing up your bowl to pure deliciousness. BTW it's not cash only, the waitress will give you a receipt so you can pay the front register guy if need be.  To be honest maybe it was cash only and the waitress felt bad for me.  Either way I managed to pay with a card, though next time I'll have cash just because it seems easier.  *Chips and salsa are delivered while you wait.  Both are worth the calories.
<review# 256,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2013,3/13/2014,174,184,4,16,11>Finally, a place in Atlanta you can take your out of town foodie-friends to and not have to hear them complain about how the meal is better somewhere else. This place is awesome. A super cool ambiance at the bar, phenomenal, punctual and prompt service, and excellently yummy seafood. This place is a must. Go here now. Seriously. Stop what you are doing. Put the computer down. Grab a friend and go have a great time and better meal. You will not regret it. In fact, you are reading this on a smartphone at another restaurant, ask for the check and head there, now, mid-meal. Order the lobster roll when you arrive and it will all make sense.First, when you walk into to the West Midtown space, you're immediately impressed with the uber cool bar. It has this great vista from the windows and a California, 1970s, Brady Bunch gone surfing theme. (And music to match.) I may head back just to be in that space again. The main dining room has vaulted ceilings and blues and whites around the bar. Very nice space.The meal. Here's what sets it apart: The details. The hot sauce and saltines are homemade. And excellent. The hot sauce, yes that same stuff most seafood places replace with Crystal's or Texas Pete's, is homemade and refined. It's sweet, fresh and hot. The saltines are made with care. That's the difference between this and where ever else you've eaten the same food. Someone took time to think about all of the little details.We ordered the East Coast Oysters -- good and fresh with a homemade vinagrette that makes all of the difference, Fish and Chips and the Lobster Roll.GET THE LOBSTER ROLL NOW. Honestly, its the most awesome one you've ever had. Slightly sweet toasted bread, fresh lobster claw, a slight bit of acidity. It's the best small nearly $20 sandwich you'll have. The fish and chips is a beautifully fried piece of Cod? Great taste as well. But the Lobster Roll is exceptionally good.The service was impeccable. The Apple Cake with Cinnamon Ice Cream could have used with some more ice cream, but that literally is the only complaint.The only other complaint is that this place is about 20% pricier than you'll expect. But listen, it's the A, and that kind of meal is going to come at a premium.So you are looking for a good seafood almost bar food restaurant, go here. You have friends you want to impress, but don't want them to know you tried to impress, go here. You are hungry, then go here. After the you have the lobster roll, you'll feel great the rest of the day.
<review# 257,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2013,3/12/2014,357,369,5,13,9>I rarely have printing needs that go beyond my home printer, but when I do, they're oversize, overnight, rushed needs.   Last week, I realized I needed two posters printed for an event.  I popped in to East Atlanta Copy Center, got some pricing, was told to email pdfs and went on my merry way.  After emailing East Atlanta Copy Center my designs, they gave me the price and asked me to come in and pay before they printed (makes sense) and the posters were ready the next day.Pretty painless and the price was right.The only almost disaster resulted from not receiving a phone call to let me know I could pick up my order before they closed for the weekend (they told me they'd call when it was ready). I didn't think of it until 2 minutes before they closed.  They apologized for not giving me a ring and kept the store open until I could get someone there.  I will definitely be using East Atlanta Copy Center for all my ginormous printing needs.
<review# 258,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2013,3/11/2014,163,191,4,7,7>Almond Milk. That should be the end of this review because that's why I frequent this place.  It was only a year ago when people would look at me like some crazy freak when I would ask if they served almond milk.  Now? It's as common as asking for soy. I like to think it's due to how common place food allergies have become (ex. gluten, soy).  The coffee has great flavor and the lattes aren't too sweet.They have free wifi for two hours when you use a code.  However, the one & only time I've tried using it there was a error on my login or their ?router? (I'm no computer techie so be glad I didn't use "thingy"). The issue was that every five mins the timer would log me out and my connection was interrupted.  It was frustrating because I was trying to get work done and couldn't stay connected.  But no biggie, still a nice place to study and get work done. Customer service is great; everyone is aways nice and helpful.
<review# 259,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2013,3/10/2014,150,120,8,9,10>Shout-out to Daniel B. for the heads up about this place!My visit to  Ssam Burger was bit of an audible. I originally wanted to go to smoke ring but sadly they were closed for a private event that night. Though my first choice for the night did not pan out Ssam burger definitely beat my expectations.  Ssam Burger does Korean Fusion Burgers. From what I remember, they have a small menu with a couple burgers and a couple sides. Since I had no clue what Korean Fusion would taste like I picked the Seoul Burger. The burger came with a Koran beef patty, arugula, red onion and Ssam sauce.  The Seoul Burger was was good but I wasn't a huge fan of the Ssam sauce on it. The sauce was a bit sweet and that really something I do not look for on my burgers.I had also ordered a side of  Lotus Chips just because I've never heard or had them before. The chips are very similar to yuca (cassava) chips but different enough in appearance and taste. I really enjoyed them and believe  they were the highlight of the meal! The only down side to the chips is that the portion seemed a bit small. I'm looking forward to my next visit to Ssam  Burger for a restaurant that hasn't been open long it was good. 4 stars for a surprisingly good dining experience.
<review# 260,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2013,3/9/2014,280,396,7,15,11>Sushi Matsuya is located in the Toco Hills shopping center - on the side facing Lavista, by the Kroger. It's housed in the former Zuma Sushi location.I'll admit I wasn't expecting much from Matsuya - With the exception of Nori Nori, I've become wary of AYCE sushi buffets or just "cheap" sushi in general, but the reviews on Yelp encouraged me to check Matsuya out, and I'm glad I did. First, the customer service is excellent. Everyone, even the sushi chefs are super friendly. The servers are helpful and very attentive - we didn't have a need for utensils, napkins, or refills - they were always way ahead of it. The BF and I chose to do the AYCE lunch buffet ($10.99 plus tax), though they do have  a non-buffet, entree menu, for those who are interested in that. For the restaurant being in such a small space, I was surprised by how much variety they had available. The largest selection of food available is sushi - various types of rolls (cooked and raw), sashimi, nigiri, and the sushi chefs were constantly freshly making new items and putting them out on the buffet the entire duration of our meal. They had also had a "warm" buffet bar, with more Chinese type foods: fried fries, sauteed green beans, pot stickers, even wings, and they had a salad/fruit bar which also had a few desserts available. I liked the sushi, the sashimi was fresh, and the sushi rolls I had were tasty. It reminded me a lot of the entrees available at Ru Sans. In fact, I didn't have anything I didn't enjoy to some degree. I'm thrilled to have found a good sushi restaurant, on the cheap!
<review# 261,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2013,3/8/2014,342,294,4,10,6>When y'all come to the Swan Coach House, you'll get a fine sampling of Southern culture. It's the quintessential spot for the ladies who lunch. Here's a few tips if you've never been before:- Make a reservation (after all it's the polite thing to do)- Order any of the salads (chicken, tuna, shrimp, Caesar, etc.) if you like creamy dressing. If not, stick with the chicken entree or a sandwich- Impress your dining party by ordering "the Swan" for dessert - Dress up because it's fun!- Bring a few dollars to tip the valet- After you're finished, spend a few minutes walking around the shop and art galleryMost importantly, have fun. This place and the Atlanta History Center do an amazing job of preserving all the goodness the South has to offer. Enjoy sipping on sweet tea (or something stronger from the bar) and savor in the style of Swan Coach house.
<review# 262,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2013,3/7/2014,87,205,11,13,11>Hal's is hands down my favorite restaurant in Atlanta.  I've eaten at what I consider to be the competition and Hal's wins without a doubt.  The rundown: Bone's is too stuffy, Chops is, seriously people, what I imagine the dining room on the Titanic to look like, Capital Grille is good but too chain-y, and Rathbun's is too trendy.  This is a great steakhouse and even better people watching.Hal's is everything you imagine an "old school" steakhouse to be - dark, smoky, and a total good old boys club nightly.  If Blanche Devereaux lived in Atlanta, she would be a fixture at Hal's picking up many, many men.  Normally I hate nothing more than being in a smoky restaurant or bar, but here it just feels right.  (By the way, if smoke is a turnoff, the upstairs bar is smoke free.)  Similarly I believe it is a requirement to order a dirty martini with hand-stuffed blue cheese olives while sitting at the bar listening to the piano player and taking in the fact that the crowd ranges from 25-80 but the average age is AARP+.  At least half the time I go to Hal's, it is just to sit at the bar and enjoy a martini or a glass of wine.  The bartenders are always friendly, knowledgeable, and attentive.  I usually eat at the bar and you get great food service even when the place is impossibly slammed with drinking customers.  The filet mignon, rare plus, is out of this world good.  It's perfectly cut and cooked every time.  Add in macaroni & cheese (seriously), Brabant potatoes, and creamed spinach to split amongst the table and I'm in hog heaven.  Despite the fact I'm at least 30 years too young to be a regular here, I just love it.I equally adore Hal's for birthdays, dates, and mom and dad in town sit down dinners in the dining room area.  I have always made a reservation online for this (thanks Open Table!) because otherwise good luck getting a table without a wait on the weekend.  Every server I've ever had has been top notch, polished and professional, but not in the least bit stuffy.  Actually the last time I was here with my mom and dad, our server was encouraging my family to go to Johnny's Hideaway next.  The dining area is loud but in a good way, as you get the vibe that everyone around you is having a great time as well.Someday I hope to be a fabulous little old lady here in my mink coat with my silver fox of a husband, but until then I can just pretend and live vicariously through the crowd.  Love this place.
<review# 263,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2013,3/6/2014,243,486,3,6,6>5 stars for massage with Dora! I followed her from another spa and she is worth the trek across town.Dora practices Chinese massage and incorporates acupressure and Swedish techniques. She has magic hands and I feel so amazing after a treatment. She is strong and does deep tissue, and is exceptional with neck and head massage.Cheers-
<review# 264,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/16/2013,3/5/2014,89,195,5,8,5>What can I say? I LOVE good food at a reasonable price, and Home Grown definitely fits the bill.Looking over the Yelp pics, I was smitten with the Comfy Chicken Biscuit. Looking over the menu, the Spooner Soup caught my eye, along with the Fried Chicken Sandwich...and the Cajun Redfish...and the pancakes. When Jennifer came to take my order, I was undecided, then she told me about them being out of Roast Turkey (which I didn't want until I was told I couldn't have it). Just some orange juice while I decide, please. Decisions, decisions...fuuuuuuck!Decided on the Fried Chicken Sandwich, which came loaded up with tomatoes, spinach, and horseradish ranch. It's served between 2 slabs of grilled texas toast, and sweet baby Jesus it's good. I turned it into a blue collar lunch with mashed taters and cornbread, and I'm glad I did. The potatoes were excellent...no lumps, cream gravy, just enough of a portion to complement the sandwich. Very personable, heavily tattooed staff, who all made sure I wanted for nothing & made me feel welcome. Not bad for $12...definitely coming back soon...
<review# 265,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2013,3/4/2014,115,91,7,11,7>Why oh why did I resist this place for so long? I really don't even know the answer to that question. I do know that one day after dance classes at Dance 411 next door, a sista was starving so I stopped by this little chicken sausage shack. Ordered the Chicken Chili, it was delicious. A few days later, came back again, got the early bird burrito. Also soo delicious and savory and breakfasty- but at dinner time. I stayed stuck on that for weeks until I tried the south of the border burrito. Somehow that one is even more delicious!  Oh and I got some chicken chorizo sausages that I'm gonna make caldo verde with; so excited for that!Anyway, even if you're one of those beef or pork sausage purists, don't be afraid to try this place. The sausage is succulent and savory and tasty. And they have vegetarian options too, so there's really no reason everyone shouldnt' be eating here!
<review# 266,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2013,3/3/2014,172,868,6,14,12>I'm an ice cream girl.  Though I've slowly come around to the fro-yo and popsicle trends, really, at the end of the (hot, sweaty) day what I really want is sweet, creamy ice cream.  Thankfully, the folks at Atomic Ice Cream Sandwiches are finally delivering exactly what I need from a little cart at the gate to Piedmont Park at 12th and Piedmont.They make their own (delicious, chocolately, perfectly chewy) cookies, and then sandwich them around gelato from High Road Craft. Yes, I know, *technically* that's not ice cream, but it's so rich and creamy that I'm willing to give them a pass.  So far, I've tried a couple of flavors, and my favorite is the chocolate with mint ice cream.  It's the perfect refreshing treat while wandering around Piedmont Park, and best of all, they frequently have it in a "half" size which is just the perfect amount of indulgence so that your Piedmont Park workout isn't all in vain.The owner (I think?) who mans the cart is super nice, and he's quick to warn you when a sandwich has maybe been just a touch too close to the dry ice and will taste best if you wait a couple of minutes before eating it.  Though they might lack the eye candy that a certain King of frozen desserts has been known for, their product is candy to my mouth, and that's enough.  Can't wait to see the Atomic Ice Cream Sandwich truck at more Atlanta events!
<review# 267,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2013,3/2/2014,129,504,1,6,4>This was our venue for the 25th anniversary party for Tech Class of '88.It was packed, but good; we had a buffet style dinner and open bar.The quality of the food was definitely there; I had never seen filet mignon on a buffet, but there you have it.Yes, the band came and played (and, yes, it was awesome); additionally, the drinks (for being open bar) were really good.Why not a 5?  I guess just because I'd like to go back and see how it is in a normal state of operation.
<review# 268,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2013,3/1/2014,53,177,,11,5>CORNDOGS!  Oh yes, I love corndogs and these are the best around!  You've seen the food trucks and carts around town and now they have their own brick & mortar location right in Avondale Estates!  Check the website for times, it appears they are only open on weekends right now.First off, the Jim & crew have put a good amount of work and detail into Pallookaville, and that is much appreciated!  Avondale needs some revitalization and I hope this place can get that kicked-up a notch.  I would love to see Avondale Estates resemble a smaller Decatur or Oakhurst type area. Opening night was Halloween so after the trick-or-treaters were gone we shot on over to enjoy the Grand Opening!  And, it was worth it!  We had a little bit of a wait, but it was the first night and they were hosting Halloween type adventures all day so I expected it to be packed.  There was a polka-band outside, lots of people dressed up and mayhem everywhere, and I loved it. We sat down, ordered some drinks from their extensive beer and spirits selection.  They have all of the good, local craft brew and a few of the national ones as well.  Tequila, Scotch, Whiskey, Wines, and Rums can all be found.  They even have 'Shaketails' where you can get alcoholic shakes...awesome!  Unfortunately, they were all out when we arrived but I plan to partake here soon.  They also have a full line of homemade sodas w/ 30 different flavors to choose from...pretty unique!The menu was much larger than I had imagined...I was just thinking the place was nothing but corndogs, but I was dead wrong.  Sausage sandwiches, pork burgers, reubens, and deli sandwiches line the menu.  They also have 'boilt' peanuts, pickles and of course corndogs!  I had the Fryinstein Monster corndog which is a combination of beef, kielbasa and italian sausage.   This think was huge!  You can also select the breading for your corndog, we had the pepper cornbread and it was spicy and damn tasty.  My love for corndogs has been renewed! We are going back tomorrow, gotta get my fix!!  You have to go here!!  Thank Jim!
<review# 269,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2013,2/28/2014,71,57,1,11,8>Even if you're only a light runner who is not that serious about it, then you need to be fitted for running shoes that compliment your running style.  Otherwise, you're just an injury waiting to happen (I know from experience).  Big Peach is a great store to buy your next pair of kicks from.There are 2 things that I really like about this Big Peach location: technology and their sales associates.  I love technology and believe in the science behind optimizing human athletic performance.  Big Peach utilizes this technology in at least 2 ways.  First, they have you stand on a pad that displays where your foot's pressure points are.  This helps determine how much arch support you need.  Second, they video record your running style on a treadmill to define what type of pronator you are.  This helps determine how much support/stability you need from your shoe.My sales associate, Trish, was extremely knowledgeable, friendly, and patient.  She explained the differences between the pairs of shoes that she had me try on.  There was no pressure to purchase any of the pairs and she genuinely wanted me to end up with the pair of shoes that I liked most.  I tried the same pairs of shoes on multiple times and tested them on the running path/track that they have inside the store.  The rest of the staff that I interacted with was friendly as well.  It was easy to tell that they are passionate about running.Overall, I had a great experience and will recommend this store to anyone in the market for new running shoes.Parking is free in a lot just before the store if you're heading south on Peachtree.
<review# 270,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2013,2/27/2014,17,171,4,8,9>I finally made it to Paper Plane. I really liked this place. The AJC review on it starts off with the writer trying to convince himself/herself that Paper Plane is not a speakeasy. I'll be honest, I'm not excited by the whole retro/speakeasy/hipster thing. So, I was a bit tepid about this place, as it is definitely a hispter-we're not a speakeasy-but-we-really-are-a-speakeasy kind of place. The impossibility of getting their phone number, the "we're going to be so cool that you'll be lucky to know about us" thing was really off-putting. So, with all of that said, I really, really loved this place. It's great.I went there with my wife and some friends. We got there early enough, as they don't take reservations and only have a few tables (we wanted to eat). From the first thing we ordered (cocktails) through the end of the meal, we were consistently impressed. We had a smattering of cocktails, some wine, the cheese (almost all of them), pickled things, some fish and some meat. Everything was good. I think the swordfish (poached in duck fat) was outstanding. The wine I had was very good, and all of the drinks were both creative and good. The reputation it has for its drinks is well-deserved.The only thing I'll say that is negative is that the food portions are extremely small. They openly tell you that before you order, but for the prices (swordfish was $20), I was surprised by how small they all were. But, again, it was good, and I'm definitely going back.
<review# 271,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2013,2/26/2014,8,568,4,8,5>Intro: Words can't even begin on the preparation of this review.  Well not just a review but experience!  A great experience at that.  From the moment I left the establishment, I was salivating at the mouth and contemplating in my head how I was going to eloquently write this masterpiece.  By all means, it deserved that kind of respect!  Just reading in between the lines of prior reviews, I knew it was going to be spot on.  It lived up to expectations and beyond.  I'm a go onto say this carefully - "This was the best southern food establishment I have ever been to".  When you think of southern charm, southern hospitality - this place is the epitome of it.  I sincerely hope this gets ROTD consideration at some point because I will be as detailed as possible.Venue: It is an old school southern manor.  It has the bed & breakfast look to from the outside.  The Private Parking to the side that extends to the back.  When you walk through the entrance in the front, there are couches/seating set up.  It is real old school, an old school that I like.  I wouldn't mind just passing through the area, sit outside and sip on fresh lemonade like the good old days on a hot summer day just because.  It has that kind of charm.   The lawn around the establishment is kept.  The trees give it a beautiful scene.  Very nice!!! Decor:   Inside is definitely early 20th century vibe.  Spacious rooms  inside.  The pictures and paintings on the wall, the furniture, the design of the staircase, and big windows was very good.  Service:   The waitress was very pleasant.  She was very polite and just had that sweet southern vibe that 90% of the restaurants in the south just does not have.  She was attentive, always came back to place refills (I'm a get into this later) and just was professional all around.  Environment:   It was spectacular.  Spectacular that it was no noise at all. It was proper to have your best manners "Yes Please", "No mam", "Thank you".  Polite game has got to be crisp.  It demanded respect.Food:   OMFG!  Damn, where do I begin?  I've been to many buffets in my lifetime. Without exaggerating when I state this; it had to be one of the best buffets I have ever been to. I try not to place extras on experience but if many of you follow up on my reviews, I don't play cake on these reviews.  I'm about business. Most certainly top 5 buffet I have been to in the south.  But from a southern food standpoint, it is probably #1.  Everything and I mean Everything was great!  Yams - Prepared to perfection.  Just melts in your mouth.  Flavorful.  Didn't go totally in on this, had to make room for others.Collard Greens - Got damn it! They hit a homerun on this.  Let's be frank, many places strike out on collard greens.  These were the better collard greens I have had in the 21st century.  Prepared well even with the onion still a top of the greens to give it flavor - these people know what they are doing!Mac & Cheese -the big winner.  The moment you dig into the pan, do the pull & lift, you can see the cheese just stringy and stretching from the spatula.  That's when I knew at that moment I was home I'm surprised I didn't pull a Homer Simpson on the table (you know how he eats making that noise).  I had schizophrenia moments but I had to hold myself to be patient until I ate at the table.  And damn it, this mac & cheese was the sh*t.  It was absolutely magnificent.  Fresh batch of mac & cheese, not that old left out stuff at a Golden Corral or out of the box nonsense from the grocery store.  This sukkah was made from scratch.  Oh my goodness , I am having withdrawals just typing this up.Fried Chicken - I kid you not.  I haven't had fried chicken this good since my grandmother's recipe.  It was that damn close.   I'm cosigning their opinion!  Maybe even notarizing it.  And here's the scary part that makes it amazing - every piece of chicken that they had was the big piece of chicken.  I'm sure some people have heard that saying in regards to "save the big piece of chicken for father" since he was the one putting in those long hours at work.  Well, now the kids can enjoy the big piece of chicken.  Don't forget to bring a pillow because that chicken is on steroids!  It's huge. Fried Fish -Had enough batter, not overcooked but the fish was fresh.  Then add some Texas Pete's hot sauce - Good gracious almighty.  BBQ Ribs - Good lord. The meat was tender, sauce was sweet.  So So So So good.  Next time when I visit, I may go in on this.  They had racks and racks of this. Potato salad -  In my opinion, a close second behind the mac & cheese.  It was textbook perfect. Their signature "peach punch" is friggin' off the chain!  It may be the best thing they had food or drink...PERIOD! So good, I bought a gallon to go!!  Conclusion:   It was one the better dining experiences I have had since Henry's Louisiana (see that review).  Grade: A++
<review# 272,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2013,2/25/2014,49,288,1,8,6>This review's mainly for the burger stack. I'll update once I try other items on the menu (really want to try that lobster roll on the menu... please let me know if it's worth trying!)-Bocado Burger Stack - very good burger, better than H&F burger in my opinion. My only complaint, which is the same as my problem with H&F burger, is that you can't choose the temperature of your burger. All burgers are cooked to med well, which is way too over cooked for me, & this dries out the meat. The cheese and pickle slices help with the dryness though. You get a choice of regular or herb fries. The herb fries are amazing providing that you like herbs (duh) and tons of garlic.-Brown butter almond cake - served with crème fraîche & fresh strawberries, a decent dessert but nothing spectacularValet parking only. Casual. Full bar. Service's great.
<review# 273,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2013,2/24/2014,41,71,2,5,3>I could spend hours in here looking at all of the amazing specialty products they carry. I could also spend a small fortune on all of the cool gadgets! In addition to the amazing inventory, they also offer classes-either hands-on or demonstration. I have attended two classes here and each was completely awesome! I took a girlfriend for her birthday and we watched Chef Hugette cook New Orlean's style food while we sipped on wine, cafe au laits, and ate cajun food to our heart's content, all while meeting new people and discussing our usual girl talk! I have purchased several products here and really enjoy the quality of what they carry as well as the knowledge of the people working there to help you pick something you didn't know you needed, lol! Stop in, the classes are inexpensive and this store is clean and laid out very well. Tip: they have a private lot behind the store and it will save you from having to pay for the decks!
<review# 274,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2013,2/23/2014,28,283,3,7,5>At first: Wut.15 minutes later, including one sports section and half an auto weekly: Nice wooden ship.After being seated: These guys know what's up!I was lucky enough to get Kevin without an appointment, more luck of the draw than anything else. I got a fantastic haircut and the old-school razor, electric massage, etc. Headed to a wedding this weekend and I gotta say that of all the times I left the barber shop, never felt as cool as I did today. The man is an artist. He has rhythm and actually gives a fuck about your odds, which makes a good barber in my book. The only thing I would change is the radio station. Somebody else pointed that out too... Star 94 is just totally out of place. I now know the lyrics to "We are never, ever, ever getting back together" by heart since there's only that. It was the only time during the whole process that I contemplated suicide. 107.9 or Vivaldi's "Four Seasons" would be much more amenable but that would assume they are trying to keep out the ruffians.Extra $1 processing charge on a credit card.
<review# 275,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2013,2/22/2014,180,277,8,7,4>Wow. Just Wow. Came here in a huge party of 20 in the mission to try the best steak in Atlanta. And wow.The waiter took us to our table and seemed just as excited as we were. While everyone in there was super classy... the waiter didn't make us feel like we weren't as classy as the people already seated around us. I ordered a coffee and it came with this whole personal coffee set. Sugar, cream/milk, and coffee on a tray. It was so nice! And it even came with free refills, which I was fearing wouldn't be the case in a restaurant like this...I split the dry-aged 28 oz Porterhouse Steak with my friend ($98) as opposed to everyone else who ordered the Ribeye. It was extremely tender and slightly flavorful. In my opinion, it was better than the ribeye, which was more heavily seasoned. We also ordered some a la carte sides, Mashed potatoes and asparagus? THE BEST. The truffle oil they put in the mashed potatoes is really what makes those fluffy mashed potatoes what they are.Definitely can't afford coming here again in the near future but omg. Really the best thing I've ever had. And the best part was having enough steak to bring to work the next day. IT EVEN TASTES GOOD THE SECOND DAY OMG.Ok, enough fan-girling for now
<review# 276,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2013,2/21/2014,30,78,4,7,5>This is our neighborhood gem! We walk up here when we should and when we shouldn't. The nights we should are on Mondays---1/2 half burger night! They have the best Pimento Cheese and chow chow award winning burger! I crave it because it is so unbelievably flavorful. It isn't a monster burger which is why I love it and for $4.00 on Mondays and only $8.00 on either day, it is DEFINITELY a must try! The day we should is during Sunday Brunch-they have a tasty brunch menu and  bottomless mimosas. It is always fun to sit on the patio .The times we shouldn't go are when we are trying to save money because I always want the Ahi Tostada and Firecracker Ahi Tuna which is pricey but so worth it.Also, when we already have had too much to drink at home....because Kaleidoscope has the BEST bartenders in Atlanta! They serve you the tasty drinks and have the best customer service. They serve you time and time again even if you did something really silly the night before :) All and all I love this place!!! It makes me feel at home!
<review# 277,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/30/2013,2/20/2014,37,121,5,9,8>Sometimes I like to celebrate the end of the day with a mini treat at King of Pops.  I love this location because it's smack dab in the middle of the Decatur Square area, and you can't miss its large rainbow umbrella.  At $2.50 a pop (hey, that was punny!), it's a little on the expensive side, but I think each delicious flavor is worth it.  They always use fresh ingredients that are pretty simple. For example, my favorite peach one is made with real peaches, sugar, and lemon.  The offerings change but they have something for everyone including their awesome chocolate sea salt. Usually, I have these in the summer, but for some reason today felt like the perfect icy treat day.  I tried a pear cider pop because the girl who was selling it told me it was her go-to fall popsicle.  I wasn't sure what that meant, but it sounded wonderful.  After the first bite, I think it became my go-to fall pop, too.  Hmmm, I'm curious to see what winter tastes like. Hopefully not like urine snow...Just a quick tip- sometimes, the pops are "extra" frozen and the first bite is a little too hard, so wait a couple of minutes before you bite in.
<review# 278,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2013,2/19/2014,105,103,3,5,5>How could I not write a review on the place that put me on to the deliciousness that is Panang Curry chicken?! I'm pretty sure that this place was my first Thai experience outside of Tin Drum. I've been here several times and they often offer some really good Groupon and Scoutmob deals. The crackers (not sure what they're called but they look similar to rice cakes) are really tasty! We usually have them bring out several while we wait for the actual food. I've tried 2 entrees things here: The Panang curry chicken and the soft shell crab dinner. I've also has the crab and cheese rolls. The Panang curry chicken is definitely my favorite. I always try to eat half of it and bring the rest home but its just too good. I like to pour it over my white rice like a gravy. The chicken is delectable, the curry sauce is usually really flavorful and spicy. Writing this review is making me want to hop in my car and make my way out there but fortunately I'm pretty sure they are closed. The soft shelled crab was cool if you're into that. I think mentally I couldn't get passed the thought that I was eating the shell and legs of a crab. The staff here is really friendly and attentive. In my experience, they are open to answering questions for any first timers and for those that have been going but want to try something different. I would and have definitely recommend this spot to others. The prices are very reasonable even if you don't use an app deal.
<review# 279,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2013,2/18/2014,179,222,6,13,7>Get the code.Tell your man to switch the tshirt for a collar (or put on a suit jacket). Slick on some red lipstick, long pearls and pumps and you're Prohibition ready. I love going in and seeing groups and couples dressed Gatsby style. It's all about fun and doing something a little different. Dressing up is optional but there is a gentleman's dress code. As far as once you're inside, sit at the bar if you can. Order a cigar, if you like (i.e Cohiba Red Dot, Prohibition's hand made cigar-18th Amendment, Romeo & Julieta or a Moontrance if you like sweet vanilla honey cigars like me) and have a ball. Don't get too rowdy though, it's a classy establishment that will boot you if you're actin a fool. As far as cocktails-- Get the Bramble as a shot without ice as a warm up if you're ready to drink. I'd follow with any of these- Bocci Ball, Postcard from Italy (a Tom original), or GinGin mule which comes with spicy candied ginger and mint! I like to have the bartender Tom create a cocktail for me versus sticking to the menu but if you're going to take a page from my book-come early or during the week and sit at the bar. They are crazy busy on the weekend and I think asking for something from scratch is rude unless they've got time to chat while they do it. Albro is awesome too and makes a yummy twist on a Ramos gin Fizz. Do you see the pattern now? I'm a gin girl. But don't be afraid to try the Blood & Sand or the Horses Neck which are whiskey cocktails. My first was a Brown Derby, whiskey and grapefruit! Delicious but a bit on the small side if you ask me. If you sit on a couch McKenzie will make sure you're taken care of, and knows a lot about the spirits and menu. So even if you're not at the bar, the service will be great. If you choose to come on a weekend bare in mind that they get extremely busy and drinks take a while. *****It's crazy people complain about this! They're making Craft Cocktails guys! Even the fastest bartender in the world can't make miracles happen..(Same goes for Czar Ice Bar, Stillhouse, etc.)***** So what if you need a 'secret code', there are plenty of ways to obtain it without having to kill yourself. So what if there's a dress code? I prefer that they keep it high class, most men I see in prohibition are probably in a collared shirt, pants, and closed toe shoes before they go out anyways.Just enjoy the ambiance, bring a big group and reserve the comfy leather couch by the fireplace, or come with a date and cozy up with a cigar (if that's your thing) and just relax. Every minute is worth the wait for these cocktails. Not only are they tasty and originals of the 20's era, they also contain about 2X the alcohol than most cocktails in a typical bar. Beware having 4 or 5! They are so tasty the alcohol sneaks up on you, and the walk to the exit is a little wobbly in those heels you put on. Go check it out with an attitude that's ready for a good experience! You'll love it!
<review# 280,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/13/2013,2/17/2014,89,78,11,5,6>I struggle with this review as I am writing it while being trapped in the car with 4 smelly kids that think that screaming and ducking whenever the guy comes to the window is the way make the most of this experience. It's not. Thank God for the one child who keeps saying stop screaming...We are going to get in trouble. (Of course this is not my child- naturally her screams are the loudest of them all) It's only 5 dollars for the exterior wash, 7 if you include tires, 20 for inside and outside.   Alas we have to drive off before he really finishes drying the car Bc one child (mine) hit another child (neighbor's kid) in the mouth by accident??and she has started to bleed.
<review# 281,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2013,2/16/2014,15,70,1,7,5>Headed here after work with a friend. The menu looked great online and I was excited to try this new restaurant. We were greeted promptly by Danielle who asked us where we would like to sit. We quickly grabbed a booth with a view of the baseball game on TV. She let us look over the menu and told us about the specials. My friend ordered the ridiculous fries to start. I already knew that I wanted to try several items. I ordered the cluck taco, blackened tiger shrimp taco, and calabash shrimp taco. I shared a bit of my cluck taco and my friend liked it so much she added one to her dish. The food was delicious and I told her we were very happy with the service too. I added the fried plantains for dessert. The kitchen was a little backed up, but Danielle kept us in the loop. After I told her how good the meal was, she brought the chef, Gabi, out to meet us. We told him how delighted we were with food and atmosphere. Can't wait for the lunch menu to be launched soon! Definitely will be back.
<review# 282,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/26/2013,2/15/2014,47,125,1,8,6>THIS PLACE IS A ***HIDDEN*** GEM. Located in Emory Village, from the outside, you would NEVER EVER suspect how elegant this place was. I came for a graduate meeting and we just had the loveliest time. We had a group of 10 so we were seated in their private room. The service was excellent; my sparkling water was never left unfilled (and for those who read my reviews know how PICKY I am about service). We got several appetizers to share and all were more divine than the next. I ordered the pork as my entree, and it was not only perfectly cooked but the meat was so juicy, and the only sound at the table was the sound of our knives hitting the plate after we had each cut our meats and then "..mmmmmm" as we chewed and the flavors of the meat was released into our mouth. *There is nothing better.* If you are still not full after apps and entrees, I would recommend their desert menu because oh la la la, they have their own in house pastry chef, and her talents should be showcased on "top chef: deserts;" there is something very artistic about her food that when you see it, you don't want to eat it because it looks so beautiful and delicate. I got the double chocolate cake and it was the perfect balance of richness, bitterness, and sweetness from the chocolate icing and cake. If you have the time & money, this place is definitely worth it!
<review# 283,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2013,2/14/2014,149,218,3,8,5>What more needs to be said?  This is an Atlanta icon and if you find the pressure too much when ordering, then you're missing the nostalgia of this place.  This is one of the few places left in America that hasn't changed much since it's inception.I would suggest doing some research, if you haven't before, when coming here.  This is truly one of the disappearing historical spots in the ATL.  Why were the guys outside called carhops?  Because back in the day this place was so popular that the carhops would be on Peachtree St. soliciting customers and riding the side rails of cars down to the spot to give you a real drive-in experience.  These guys were legendary and known by name to the locals, still to this day.It's all about the hotdogs, frosted orange and for me, the onion rings.  Don't expect to do an Ironman after eating here though.  It's just comfort food at its finest.  This place helped put Coca-cola on the map and has employed generations.  Give it some respect.Feel free to grab some McDonalds when driving through if you have no soul and want to keep within your comfort zone.  What'll you have, What'll you have?Some of my fondest memories of Atlanta can be traced here and amazingly can still be made for the younger generations today.
<review# 284,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2013,2/13/2014,474,1389,5,10,11>Imagine PF Chang's with a fancier and more festive atmosphere, and you've got Atlanta's own Aja.  I've been twice this summer for very different experiences, and Aja accommodated both.One of J's best friends from college is the bar manager, and he made sure that we got white table cloth service for our date night. We had a great night, but it's not a place that I would recommend for intimate conversation.  The place is big, loud, vibrant, and trendy, like its fellow Here-to-Serve restaurants Twist and Shout.  After leaving the car with the valet, we were promptly seated at our white table cloth table, with the wine glasses already in place (no one else had a white table cloth that we could see).  We started with lettuce wraps and fried pot stickers, enjoying a Moscow Mule in the copper mug and a Manhattan.  Lettuce wraps and pot stickers are all that you would expect from an Americanized Asian place - well seasoned, decent spice, fresh ingredients, fun presentation.For the main, we had a sushi platter prepared by Jimmy, the sushi chef.  I said that I like yellow tail and J said he wanted some rolls, and we ended up with a huge platter of mostly sashimi and a couple of rolls.  It was beautiful and large enough to be almost intimidating.  We enjoyed this with a nice white Sauvignon Blanc from California.The second time, we were meeting family friends and had the toddler in tow.  It was early enough on a Monday that it wasn't too crowded, and he could run around in the large spaces inside and outside without disturbing anyone.  They sat us at a 6-top round table near the sushi bar at the back, providing crayons and a kids menu.  We ordered his chicken tenders and some appetizers (pork buns, fried pot stickers, and lettuce wraps) immediately, hoping the food would entertain him.  Realizing that we'd ordered quite a few appetizers and entrees, I just got hot and sour soup to round out everything else.   Everything was tasty, though none of the dishes stands out a particularly memorable.  I had the leftovers of Jimmy's duck pad thai the next day and though the sauce was a little thick and a little sweet, but not enough to turn me off from eating there again.
<review# 285,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2013,2/12/2014,49,97,3,9,7>Little Bangkok is one of the many great restaurants on Cheshire Bridge Rd and possibly the best Thai restaurant in town. Parking can be a pain as they only have a few spaces in front of it and customers normally double park, but the food is totally worth the parking hassle. Service is always fast and friendly. My favorites here include the Tom Yum and Tom Ka soups, Thai Spring Rolls, Thai Fancy Fried Rice, Panang Curry, and Bangkok Chicken. I have recently discovered this place and can't wait to go back and try some more of their dishes.
<review# 286,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2013,2/11/2014,691,368,7,15,9>There are few places in the world that truly blow me away and Sweet Auburn Curb Market is one of them. Located a couple steps from Grady Hospital and apparently a safe haven for doctors to eat ridiculously amazing food....why have the medical professionals kept this place a secret...PURE GREED.The market has quite a few vendors that serve everything thing from Jamaican Beef Patties to Red Velvet Cupcakes..... Caribbean cuisine, Venezuelan food, Burgers, Burritos, Soul Food, Smoothies, BBQ, Fish, Desserts, Sausages,,  and they have a complete grocery of FRESH PRODUCE and MEAT and they have wifi. I've gone here by myself, on dates, I would bring family...this place doesn't disappoint. Regular Business Hours Monday through Saturday 8am - 6pm.
<review# 287,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2013,2/10/2014,216,468,5,9,7>Nothing sucks me in like a nice bowl of crispy tortilla chips with a side of smokey, house-made salsa. This is usually the downside for me whenever I eat at a Mexican restaurant. I love chips and salsa so much, I literally cannot stop eating them. And so by the time my entree arrives, I'm generally stuffed to the gills. Oh well...stomachs are stretchy. And belts can be loosened!And so it was for my most recent visit to Alma Cocina, for my birthday no less. Let's face it -- it's dumb to eat chips and salsa without a nice, cold beverage, right? So while practicing my hand-to-mouth moves from the chip bowl, I also sipped on one of their fine cocktail concoctions, the "Naranjarita", a citrusy blend of blood orange infused tequila, orange brandy and fresh juice. It was so tasty I had to have another.With little room left in my stomach after the chips/salsa knock down, I decided on a "small" plate for my main course. The huaraches sounded interesting -- crispy, thin corn masa cakes topped with goodies, and served with a side of white beans and greens. I chose the chicken mole Oaxaca and it was delicious. Shredded chicken in a surprisingly light flavored mole sauce sitting atop the masa crisps. I've had mole that's thick like shoe polish, but this AC variety was the perfect level of flavor and spice without the thickness. Very nice. And the side of beans and greens was equally delicious. I was very pleased, but completely stuffed after polishing this off.So...kind as they are, the host provided me a free piece of Tres Leches cake to go, for the birthday. I ate it the next day for breakfast, because I'm healthy like that. A note about parking: The entrance to the garage is on the back side of the 191 building. The first time I went I couldn't find the entrance and ended up in a pay lot. No bueno. They do validate, so be sure to get in their garage, and ask for a validation ticket.
<review# 288,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2013,2/9/2014,37,101,5,10,7>Maybe it's because I did my research ahead of time or maybe it's just because I love Vietnamese food in general but I think this place deserves 5 stars. The food is great, the prices are cheap, the restaurant is clean, and some of the servers are the friendliest people you will ever meet (ok I'm thinking of one bald Vietnamese man in particular whom I'm sure you've encountered if you've visited here).This place has a huge menu and if you stick with the items that a lot of fellow yelpers recommend, you will leave happy and full. Other menu items can be hit or miss. But I'm giving it 5 stars based on MY favorite menu items there, which include:Shaky beef (bo luc lac)- best shaky beef I've ever had. Hands down. The sauce on the beef is to die for. And it's served with fried rice and watercress v. steamed rice and regular lettuceMake your own spring rolls with pork (banh hoi thit nuong)- healthy, delicious, and too much food for me to eat by myself! It's a huge platter of perfectly char-grilled pork with a variety of herbs, marinated veggies, and vermicelli noodles all ready for you to roll up in 8(!) rice paper rounds with a side of fish sauce. Fried chicken wings with glazed fish sauce (Canh ga chien nuoc mam)- Normally, I'm not a huge fan of chicken wings. There's something about eating with my hands right off the bone that has always left me cringing. But thanks to John Kessler's recent article on these babies, I knew I had to try them out. And they are everything Kessler said they would be. Salty-sweet, super sticky, and crunchy, these chicken wings are amazing. The boyfriend and I even smother the rich sauce on top of plain white rice because it's that tasty. While it's served as an appetizer, it's plenty of food for one person.
<review# 289,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2013,2/8/2014,458,1067,10,10,8>If Yelp ever needed a good example of its review filter working as intended they should look no farther than Relish. Wonder why the number of filtered reviews is almost double the amount of real ones? It's because they pay $5 to anyone who will write something. Yelp's Review Filter is so smart and good at sorting through the crap that it could tell something was amiss here. That's some Edward Snowden NSA sh*t!Concerns about shilling aside, I like coming here. I discovered it almost accidentally while I was visiting a friend who lives in Glenwood Park. He'd been hanging out for most of the day and he offered to treat me to a haircut. I agreed (who would turn that down?!), so he called Relish and they had two stylists available. We walked down and I somehow scored Cody and totally lucked out. Even though when he was done my hair was part bleach blonde and part brown (my fault, nothing to do with him), I still got compliments from a handful of people who saw me immediately afterward.That was two months ago. I came back over the weekend to see him again. This time I wanted all of the blonde cut out (I'd already colored it again) and he diligently worked to get it trimmed down. No clippers. All shears. In the end we kept a few blonde tips because it would have required me to go shorter than I wanted. It would have looked weird had Cody not used thinning shears to taper everything.I'm really happy and I'll probably go back next time. For my most recent visit I was able to book my appointment by email. I wish their website had a form, but in the end it all worked out fine.PS: I was not compensated for this review.
<review# 290,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2013,2/7/2014,158,115,7,11,7>Pho Dai Loi has been one of the most consistent and relatively clean pho places I go to in Atlanta. Whenever I'm craving my monthly dose of sodium (more often than not after a night my liver has been hard at work) I come here knowing I'll get good food and be in and out in lightning speed. Parking or getting a table hasn't been an issue since I've only been here on the weekends. Service is pretty typical of any cheap Asian restaurant. You won't have anyone sweeping the bread crumbs off your table, but the lack of service doesn't subtract from the experience. I prefer to drown in my sodium beef broth undisturbed. I have yet to explore the non-pho entrees, but I'm a big fan of their shrimp spring rolls, fried spring rolls, and their coconut-jelly-something drinks. Everything is just so good and cheap. Love this place!
<review# 291,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2013,2/6/2014,118,705,2,9,6>New to the neighborhood is Angry chefs take on italian food and the results are pretty delicious. The prices are reasonable for food and especially beer which is a nice surprise. You have never had anything like the clam pizza here, which is best described as clam alfredo on a pizza and dont be shied away if you think it will be dry like most white pizzas. If you like clams your crazy not to order it. The calamari rhode island style is a great way to start your meal. Ill be back, for the clam pizza as you can imagine.
<review# 292,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2013,2/5/2014,217,294,3,23,4>I honestly don't know what some of the other Yelpers were complaining about this venue.  I mean... it's a concert venue-- not Disneyland!  It was clean enough, sounded good enough and provided just enough places to get refreshments.  Yes the traffic was heavy going in, but I found the flow of the cars logical, steady and with just the right amount of police directing everyone.  If coming from the freeways (I75/ 85), I recommend passing up the paid lots with their salespeople/flag waivers to the closer-to-the-venue FREE parking.  Traffic after the concert was smooth and WAY easier than I had feared.Concessions stands were typical, abundant and (as expected) super expensive.  Bathrooms were huge with trough style urinals for the dudes and my wife mentioned that it was the fastest woman's bathroom line she has ever experienced.  They were of moderate cleanliness but nothing I would've noticed if it wouldn't have been for all the previous, horrified Yelpers complaining about them.  They were fine-- I mean, I wouldn't eat something I dropped on the floor in there, but I wouldn't do that in any other bathroom either.My seats were covered and gave an excellent vantage point to the sights and sounds of my favorite band of all time.  Great sound quality and cool crowd.  This venue is equal to Verizon Amphitheater up in Alpharetta.  Bottom line- if you have one of your favorite artists playing here- go see them.  It's totally a cool place to hear your favorite tunes.  Me thinks some people just like to complain too much.
<review# 293,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2013,2/4/2014,777,438,5,9,6>Sausalito gets a high five - stars for affordable itp lunch. The food is fresh and a'plenty. In addition to Mexican food, they serve wraps, sandwiches, and salads. I like the Mexican food options. I appreciate how you can customize your entrees. Granted the lunch crowd can be horrendous and intimidating, the line is actually not too bad. The servers here are friendly and the manager/owner? was really nice to us. He even came out to check up on us and offered to take away our plates. I really enjoy the fish tacos and shrimp tacos. They're soft tacos and there's an assortment of veggies and sauce for you to add onto your tacos. They have daily specials that's worth checking out. I ended up getting a 3 taco plate because it was a better deal for me in the end. The plate came with salad and beans. I really like the salad as it's a bit spicy. There may have been some fresh bits of jalapeno in it. The salads entrees here are ginormous as well. You can add up to five toppings with your salad in addition to protein. Two people can easily share a salad. The meals come with complimentary chips and salsa.
<review# 294,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2013,2/3/2014,381,486,7,12,10>Since I had first heard about The General Muir's Double Burger Stack created by executive chef Todd Ginsberg, the creator of my favorite burger (Bocado's Burger Stack), I knew I had to taste it.  Bocado's former executive chef has joined forces with Jennifer and Ben Johnson, the owners of West Egg, to open this Jewish deli.The General Muir is named "for the U.S. refugee transport ship that brought Jennifer's mother and grandparents, Holocaust survivors, to New York following World War II" (Source: atlantamagazine.com/cove).  How neat is that?  I thought this was creative and a great tribute to Holocaust survivors.Although The General Muir doesn't take reservations (except for dinner), I had given them a heads up to expect a group of about 20 people two days before the Sunday brunch UYE I had organized.  My friend and I got a little lost and arrived around 1:40 pm when the UYE was scheduled for 1:30 pm.  I felt really bad that I was late to my UYE and feared that there would be a frustrated group of Yelpers standing by the entrance, waiting for a table.  Luckily, I saw that most of the group had already been seated by the time I arrived!Every employee I met at The General Muir was super friendly and happy to have us there.  The restaurant was busy, but they made room for our large group.  Although we couldn't all be seated at the same table due to the limited amount of space in the restaurant, we were seated at tables close by.Of course, I knew exactly what I wanted, so I ordered the Double Burger Stack soon after my (also late) friends arrived.  I didn't order anything else because I wanted my sole focus to be on the burger.* Double Burger Stack ($12) - Per the menu description, this gourmet burger is served on an onion roll, contains "American cheese, lettuce, pickles, special sauce, onions, and [comes with] fries."  I didn't really want the onions but requested them to be put on the side and not inside.  I had thought it was supposed to be an onion slaw and wanted to try a bit of it if it was.  However, It turned out that they put thin slices of plain, raw red onions on the side of my plate, so I didn't touch them.The burger turned out to be very good, definitely comparable to Bocado's Burger Stack and Holeman & Finch's Burger.  However, Bocado's Burger Stack holds its place as my absolute favorite burger.  The patties in the Double Burger Stack didn't seem to be as juicy and flavorful as Bocado's.  (Side Note: I haven't been to Bocado since Chef Todd had left so the quality/taste of the burger may have changed...)They also don't offer the option of having garlic fries vs. the plain fries as Bocado does.  To make up for that, I asked our server if they had ranch or BBQ sauce.  Since they didn't, our server offered to bring another type of sauce they had - Russian dressing, which is used in their Reuben sandwich.  It's similar to Thousand Island dressing but better because it has a kick to it.  My fries were really tasty with the Russian dressing.  =)When we were done with our meals and some were finishing up their desserts, Chef Todd Ginsberg himself came out of the kitchen and greeted us!  This was a nice surprise, and he was kind enough to pose with us for pictures.  It was an honor to meet the creator of my favorite Bocado Burger Stack.  =)Overall, The General Muir gets 4 stars for their delicious Double Burger Stack and super friendly and accommodating service.  I definitely was not disappointed with the burger, but again, it wasn't as good as Bocado's or H&F's.  Parking in the garage is free for the first two hours, but by the time I was leaving the garage, I was just a *few* minutes past two hours and had to pay $4.  Boo.  I would return more frequently if the location was more convenient, but most likely won't be back unless my friends ask me to go with them.[Review 018 of 100]
<review# 295,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2013,2/2/2014,192,199,6,10,2>So I moved into this place about a month ago now. I love it so much, it's been a chore waiting this long to write a review. But I figure, after a month, I can go ahead and get something up...As far as apartments go, this place is pretty stellar. And I looked at a lot of places. We'll start with the staff:The leasing manager I signed with was so friendly. She seemed genuinely interested in my life, not just whether or not I was going to live here. She even called to see how my job interview had gone. No other apartment did that. I got plenty of calls from other places I looked act, simply asking if I was planning to move it. But nothing personal, and I wasn't interested in being just another signature on a lease. I wanted to find a place to call home. I've always been a renter, but I also enjoy places that feel like home; where I could see myself spending a few years. Right before moving in, Donna was moved to another property, but the other leasing agent and the new manager jumped right in and had been filled in on my entire moving process. They were extremely accommodating and made me feel at home right away. I've had a bunch of interactions with the leasing staff, and they are always so pleasant. And my dog just loves them, and she's a pretty good judge of character.Now onto the building: This place is really unique. If you don't already know, it's an old high school. I mean, c'mon, how fun! I haven't used the laundry room yet, so we will leave that out for now, but I have enjoyed the pool, which is great. It's clean, not heavily chlorinated and larger than it might seem. The only downfall for me os that the most shallow part of the pool if 4ft deep, and I'm all of 5ft tall, so, you do the math. But I don't really mind it at all. The building it self is also really clean. They have an excellent maintenance staff that keeps the grounds, halls, pool, everything looking great. Its also fairly quiet. I've been told that has something to do with all the concrete walls. I occasionally hear a neighbors alarm or phone, but it;s rare and only if I have absolutely nothing turned on in my apt. So no complaints in that department. I do hear noise from Euclid, but it' isn't so much that it's bothersome. Plus, you kind of know what you;re getting into when you move into a street-facing apartment in Little 5, right? But I like it.I also need to mention that this place is super pet friendly Except for snakes.They will NOT allow snakes (unfortunately), so I had to leave mine with my folks. But that should say something right there, that this place is so great, I gave up having a washer and dryer in my unit and having my snake with me. There are dogs everywhere! SO if you are a dog-lover, you will love this place and so will your furry friend.
<review# 296,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2013,2/1/2014,43,91,5,14,5>I love this place! Fun and friendly bartenders, non-smoking atmosphere, and music that isn't the same crap that you hear on every single radio station and in every single club. If you want a tasty drink, ask Dustin to make you his 57 Chevy, it's delish!But wait, that's not all-- Tuesday and Thursday nights have swing dancing! There is an $8 cover with a discount for students. Ok so what if you don't know how to swing dance? Not a problem! Starting at 8pm you can get a beginners lesson and after that there are people of varying levels who would be happy to practice with you. I went here with my brother and we requested some line dance songs to get errbody on the dance floor and it was so much fun!!! I don't care who you are, dancing makes the soul happy, and it's up to you to have the guts (or BAC level) to let loose every once in a while! This is a great place to unleash your inner dancer without having to worry about creepy old guys trying to grind up on you, getting drinks spilled all over you, and coming home with your hair and clothes reeking of smoke.I can't tell you how many times I hear people griping about Atlanta and how there is nothing to do. I am so sick of hearing it!! There is PLENTY to do in Atlanta, you just have to go outside of your norm a little and you can find it. So give this place a shot because it's actually different from all the other ubiquitous bars around, and goodness knows we could all use some new experiences!
<review# 297,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2013,1/31/2014,61,106,6,5,4>Matty melt BBQ bacon sandwich was THE BIZ-NI-YEE! *in my Lil Scrappy voice* This was my first time at Republic for my sister's birthday and we had a ball. Dirty South Trivia on Thursdays with free shots? Yes please! We also had the fried pickles which unlike other restaurants that slice the pickle up, they put the whole wedge in the fryer and served it up hot. The $2 beer helps and a little biased because the owner participated in a cupcake fight with us hence the extra star. Would definitely go back.
<review# 298,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2013,1/30/2014,59,98,5,9,9>One of Atlanta's coolest Urban Soul Lounge/ Resturants  What can i say the perfect mix of good vibe, live music and good food!Yaw seriously on 100!The bartender there is hot too! She really knows about the city too and places to hang.My favorite dish there yaw is that Red Velvet Chicken and Waffles. They actually married 3 things I love most to eat Good Chicken, Waffles and Red Velvet Cake......no seriously you've GOT TO TRY THIS!! I've taken my friends here and they've all been quite impressed. This is a cool and intimate place to impress your date. I gotta say tha DJ is killin it  with tha 90s hiphop to current R&B and Hiphop.The signature drinks are incredible! The place really has a New York Vibe hince the name BQE (Brooklyn Queens Expressway) for those are not familiar with the NYCI hope to see more live entertainment from up and coming and even well know artist .....like Musiq, Glenn Lewis or Eric Benet.  hint hint ..I think they do a live event on thursdays. I haven't been on Thursdays but would love to go!BQE ...........Brooklyn babe keep doing yo thang in tha ATL you got my vote!
<review# 299,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2013,1/29/2014,28,210,6,7,5>Atlanta has a TON of taco/burrito joints. So many in fact, whenever I am out of town with friends I BEG them not to take me to a taco/burrito joint. Holy Taco definitely brings a unique take on the whole food genre with its menu. I know of nowhere else where I can get a fried squid torta. (It's freaking amazing.) Hit this place up if you want something different. Their menu is actually online! This place gets very busy on Friday and Saturday nights.
<review# 300,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2013,1/28/2014,100,77,6,5,4>I went here yesterday with some friends and was very impressed with this location. This place felt very authentic upon walking in. It was a large, open room with tons of tables and they take your order up front and then you take it back to your place. I wasn't a huge fan of the service experience - I asked if the cashier's watch was from Target because I had one like it, and she seemed really offended I would even suggest that. (It was MK by the way, the watch) We order a variety of foods to share - Chicken 65, Tandoori Chicken, Butter Chicken, saffron rice and an eggplant side. This food was incredible! The Chicken 65 is a must have... it was moist, spicy, and perfectly breaded. It was paired with a spicy yogurt sauce. The Tandoori Chicken and Butter Chicken were great as well. The rice is so goooodddd.... savory until that last hint of cinnamonny sweetness! Definitely a really awesome experience. Good prices for the portions and easy to share with friends and family. It is definitely authentic Indian, so be prepared for your mouth to burst into glorious, heavenly flames. It can get really busy too so come a non-peak parts of the day or carryout!
<review# 301,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2013,1/27/2014,98,328,4,7,4>Wow!  Yes, there is a wait for Sunday brunch *and* you will have a hard time finding parking.  It is incredibly worth it.My friend and I were told a ~40 minute wait, but it only took about 25-30.  They called many names that no one responded to - if you are waiting, make sure you don't wander away!  We sat and chatted on a couch with a coffee, which was comfy and relaxing.The ambiance of this place is great and the service was attentive.  Of course, the food rightly steals the show.  I had the belly benedict.  Many other things looked good on the menu, but this was so good I will have a hard time ordering anything else.  They were out of spinach, so it came on kale - which was delicious.The only downside is that it came with one biscuit.  Between the tasty sauce, butter, and jam... I couldn't decide what to put on the biscuit!  So next time I will try to get more biscuits so I don't have to choose.
<review# 302,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2013,1/26/2014,663,210,1,5,4>Healthy and tasty smoothies. You start by picking the juice based (orange, apple, or pineapple), then choose up to 3 fruit mix-ins. You can add more fruit, at an additional charge. You can also add boosts- I recommend the ginger boost! It adds a unique flavor (and health benefit) to the drink, but if you don't like a spicy kick in your boost, stay away. The prices are fair, the dining area is clean (and small), and customer service has always been satisfactory.
<review# 303,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2013,1/25/2014,8,200,3,4,4>The food at Shoya is good. I started with plum wine which is my favorite and Shoya serves two delightful varieties. I chose Kokuto, less popular, but more sweet. We started our experience with standard Nigiri, which was very good. No complaints. We chose:Tomato and Bacon- flavorful and deliciousTakoyaki, which is served with a tasty dipping sauce. It's one of my favorites!Mushroom and Pepper Skewer- Avoid, not much flavor.(I forget the name) Tempura Shrimp with a type of hot sauce- I liked it!Yakatori- Good.Pork Potstickers- GoodWe went on a Saturday around 10:00 and most of the dinner rush was already gone. There were 5 tables total and 3 servers. Service was a bit slow, but the server was friendly and made good suggestions. For me, Hayakawa is 5 star, but this place is good and I'm very likely to return.
<review# 304,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2013,1/24/2014,109,742,5,6,5>What a SURPRISE!  A pleasant dining experience at the MALL?!@?  I avoid mall food, even the free samples, because they're oily, syrupy, too sweet, and you just know that's gotta be bad for you.  Too hungry to continue shopping, I headed reluctantly for the food court.  Just when I was about to leave the mall in search for a place close by with more palatable offerings, I spotted grilled chicken at Farmer's Basket, and it looked good.  I paid $3.99 for a huge portion of grilled chicken - no sides.  The cashier said that I will enjoy it - it's what she and her coworkers have with a salad for lunch every day, and she offered me honey mustard sauce.  Even without the sauce or a salad, the chicken was perfect! Tender, juicy, lightly seasoned. And the portion was huge - I couldn't finish my food. I look forward to returning.
<review# 305,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2013,1/23/2014,196,217,8,16,11>Beautiful, lively new restaurant smack in the middle of Town Brookhaven plaza. Love the design elements it shares with Noche i.e. exposed brick walls and bar which opens to outside patio giving the restaurant a cool inside / outside casual vibe. Menu is incredibly reminiscent of Houston's with hot spinach and artichoke dip served with warm crispy thin tortilla chips and little ramekins of sour cream and salsa. It was a-ok but not in the amazing realm, especially for $10. The shoestring fries served with a pretty darn tasty burger were a spot on clone of the delicious ones that are iconic at Houston's too. No complaints about that though... they are my favorite frites! Simple clean menu design with a few choice adjectives to describe each dish. Extensive craft and regular beer plus creative cocktail menu that play on local names and descriptions like the Oglethorpe Smash, Buckhaven Betty, and Brookhaven Mule (tasty riff on the the original with the addition of Grand Marnier Raspberry Peach but still served in the classic copper mug).  Fun place, sophisticated energetic crowd, good food. As neighbors, we will definitely be back often!
<review# 306,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/8/2013,1/22/2014,84,101,4,9,5>DJ Loweki is here every Friday! Great music!I am a fan...I have figured out that the nachos and the wings are delicious.  I went for a Sunday brunch for their $2/$3 mimosas.  I ordered the waffles and i'd suggest you not to order them.  They were cold and dry and i didn't get syrup and butter wouldn't have melted.  My chicken sausage wasn't great and unfortunately all 3 of us ordered the same thing. So the other 2 folks were still hungry and ordered nachos which were NICE!!! Yum!  So next brunch, mimosas and either wings or nachos.  I will NOT order from the "brunch" menu, just lunch!Fridays - come here to enjoy music by DJ Loweki!! :-)~That is All~
<review# 307,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2013,1/21/2014,86,149,2,10,7>I could not be more thrilled with my experience with Dr. Nath at Peachtree Hills Animal Hospital.Walking in, I noticed that the new facilities were clean and well maintained. The staff was incredibly sweet, gentle, and compassionate with my small dog when I brought her in for her first appointment after adopting her from a rescue program. I felt completely at ease from the moment I walked in. Every employee who interacted with Bohzie was very soothing and caring in their handling of her - from weighing her to taking samples. She shook and paced a bit, but they pet her and spoke to her and put us both at ease. The vet technician, Tripp, patiently listened and took notes while I rambled on about my paranoid pup mom observations. What I appreciated most about my visit was that the staff made the experience so very personal. Dr. Nath entertained my queries about my mixed pup's breed, Googling Jack Russel images and making comparisons to my girl's distinctive little features. She then walked me through some of the physical quirks of my dog's body type - her hyper extension in the legs, a slight glassy tint in her right eye. She explained and spoke to each little feature, addressing all abnormalities and easing my nerves.These people love what they do, and they love their furry patients. The quality of the care positively cannot be beat. I am looking forward to bringing my dog back to see this wonderful team of animal loving experts!
<review# 308,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/11/2013,1/20/2014,193,304,7,11,9>Ammazza stands out among post-Antico pizza upstarts by appealing to a hipster clientele with its location, late hours, current cocktails, loud on-point music, and certainly some solidly made pizzas.  I've eaten here only about 2~3 times since Antico is my preferred option, but you have to love the late hours.  I like their namesake pizza the best.  Crusts of all pizzas have a beautiful texture, at once slightly chewy and crispy.  The small patio can be nice in good weather although there is not much of a view.    If I may be so bold as to exclaim:  at the soul level Ammazza is really more comparable to such long-standing places in the area as Savage Pizza or Camelli's on Ponce, than to a place with more comparable food like Varazano or Fritti.  So my how times have changed!  With its superior Antico-heritaged pizzas, sweet interior space, and relevant drinks selections (while still retaining the PBR, now more ironically than ever), Ammazza is bad news for its outdated predecessors.
<review# 309,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2013,1/19/2014,167,170,8,15,11>I can't express how sad I am that this place no longer has seat in option for dining. It was weird to see people parked all along the road just to eat here, but it was so worth it. My review is based on when I dined here previously, so keep that in mind. It's only catering and take-out now. Came here a bit past lunch time on a wednesday and there was still a line. How it works: Get in line, order, stand on patio, enjoy goodness. Had the ribs and pulled pork with mac-n-cheese while girlfriend had the korean pulled pork with the sweet potato chips. Both of my items were amazing. Tender, fall of the bone ribs, just mouth watering. My gf was less thrilled about hers, just maybe it wasn't her flavor. There was enough on my plate to share though, problem solved. Mac-n-cheese were shelled macronni, if that makes any difference for you. On the outside patio, there's three hot sauce bottles available: Korean, Hotlanta, and Settler. I love the Settler option. Hot and spicy with a tangy kick to it. Paper towel rolls on deck in case you need to wipe off your hands of the goodness, but honestly, why would you do that? Lick those fingers like you're supposed too. Another unique thing about this place is that their sweet tea is made from jasmine green tea. It's sweet but less body/fullness as you would expect comparing it with regular sweet tea. I would love to have an option to dine here again. I hear they're gonna move to a different location that will accomodate dine-in which I'll be in line for.
<review# 310,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2013,1/18/2014,71,150,3,7,4>One of the best craft beer bars in America! (and I've been to a lot of them)Amazing beer selection with rare beers on tap and hundreds of beers on the menu. They always have something new or rare on the menu. They have great beer events and often host new beer launches. They have a beer cellar if you want to buy something special/aged. The bar tenders are all knowledgable about beer and happy to make recommendations. The food is quality pub food. There is an upstairs and downstairs bar, and the brick walls and decor give it a lot of character. Brick Store is a great spot any night of the week. A must-visit spot in Atlanta!
<review# 311,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2013,1/17/2014,48,80,3,13,5>Oh The Shakespeare Tavern... There are wistful memories of this amazing acting troop putting up with my shitty 13 year old self when my school occasionally came to watch their shows they put on. At that age we were more interested in the porn shop nearby, giggling away at the lingerie than the talents that this place had to offer.A bit cheesey, a bit hokey, The Tavern attempts to replicate an English playhouse inside and outside. It's a bit amusing to be walking along Peachtree Street and then suddenly come across white washed walls with dark wood cross beams but that's devotion. The parking is ample though you have to pay and the location isn't that spectacularly great/safe but as long as you don't go for a romantic stroll in downtown Atlanta all should be well. All in all, The Tavern isn't something that I fully appreciated until as of late. I recently saw their "Rosencrantz and Guildenstern are Dead" performance (and I use the term "recently" quite loosely) and I didn't know what to expect from the acting or the food. Above all, I brought my (once again spotlighted) English boyfriend to this place hoping that he wouldn't judge too much for its inaccuracy and enjoy the atmosphere (while potentially being just a little offended). When you purchase a ticket you're allowed to purchase tickets for a certain section, and since this was an occasion I went for big spending. Unfortunately when we arrived all the good seats in our section had been taken. Note to self and others: Get there early if you buy nice seats. Moreover, the service of the food is cafeteria style; after sitting down, get back up again and wait in line and hope your choice isn't all out. It's pretty chaotic but there are tons of people to point you in the right direction or just follow the masses of people crowded in the back.The food is mediocre. It's from a cafeteria kitchen, don't expect goddamn Heston Blumenthal. The bread basket is actually pretty good, my boyfriend thoroughly enjoyed his Black Bean Chili and I was quite content (to the scorn of my boyfriend) with their Shepherd's Pie. Their beer selection is also varied, Guinness and Newcastle Ale as well as those of our local variety. The play itself was fantastic. The acting was professional quality and I was completely lost in the world of Rosencrantz and Guildenstern. It was hysterical, witty, and for once in my life... intelligent humor. I was so pleased. As a native, I had known about this place. We had gone to it for school field trips but it was so easy to overlook. Even now, still I keep saying "I should go back" but I get caught up in the dizzy of life. It is genuinely an escape with friends for a night, a night where, for once, people aren't mindlessly staring at their phones occasionally brainlessly chiming in but rather sitting together, chatting, phones OFF (turn your goddamn phones off), and enjoying each other's company. It is, a set up for a great night. So, without further ado, ladies and gentlemen The Shakespeare Tavern gives you "A Night to Remember."
<review# 312,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/13/2013,1/16/2014,351,455,2,10,5>I'm a big fan of Chick-a-Biddy. First of all, they're open pretty late on the weekends (by Atlantic Station standards) which is nice when you just want an easy, casual place to grab dinner from. My favorites include the falafel sandwich, their salads, and the veggie plate. I've found everything to be fresh and flavorful. I always get great service whether they're slammed with the lunch rush or I'm just picking up a take out order. A great staple in the Atlantic Station area!
<review# 313,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2013,1/15/2014,31,106,4,8,6>Juice Box is one of the nicest package stores I have ever been in. It is very organized and the selection is fabulous. They have a wide variety of beer, wine, and liquor, and the prices range from super affordable to wow I could not afford a sip of that. The staff is helpful if you need assistance, but they will also leave you alone to peruse their goods. The wine section is laid out with reds in the front of the store and whites in the back. Within each section, the racks are arranged by varietal and region. It is very easy to find what you are looking and to come across some bottles that you didn't know you needed also. They have so many interesting wines that I have not seen in other stores. Juice Box certainly has other stores in this area beat when it comes to the variety of liquor that they have. Again, they have so many items that I have never seen in other places, yet they have all of the basic booze as well. The beer selection is all the way to the left of the store. I have not made it past the wine and liquor sections to really explore the beer. Maybe next time I will start my explorations on the left side. Juice Box is such a welcome addition to the Northside Parkway/Powers Feery area of Sandy Springs. You should go eat at Sushi Huku and then walk across the parking lot and get some liquid treats to take home with you. Sounds like a good night to me!
<review# 314,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2013,1/14/2014,53,50,5,12,5>I wasn't planning on getting a new car last month, but accidents happen and flimsy Mazdas get totaled for silly reasons. The point is, I ended up with a black car. Considering the summer sun here in Atlanta, and how awesome darkened windows look, getting tinted was the only way to proceed.I arrived at Royal Treatment at about 8:30 on a Saturday morning, so I caught their early-bird special. It ended up costing $135, which I paid in cash. The guys working there were really nice and helpful. They were so patient as I took my sweet time and finally decided on 35% tint. Although going darker would have been much more desirable - buyer's remorse set in immediately - I don't want to worry about tickets and inspections in the future!Armed with my Kindle and iPad, I settled down in a cozy chair in the waiting area. They did have a TV for customers to watch, but what can I say? I like my reading material, and free Wi-fi (they'll tell you the password) definitely helps the time pass! About 90 minutes later, my car was ready to go.Even after they explained that the windows might not look right for a few weeks, I was alarmed at the number of bubbles in the film. When I drove my car home, my boyfriend was similarly alarmed at the bubble situation. But I waited a full week before opening the windows, and as promised, the tint cured perfectly. After about two weeks, it was completely flawless. So just keep that in mind and be patient as your tint fully dries out. These guys did an amazing job and I love how my car looks now!
<review# 315,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2013,1/13/2014,97,173,5,11,7>This is the kind of place that vegans dream of. I couldnt ask for more than a sausage & cheese biscuit for breakfast, except maybe a cupcake for dessert (dessert after breakfast is allowed here). Ducle Vegan delivers the goods and their menu is 100% vegan. I have been several times now but cannot seem to stray from the breakfast sandwich. It's just so damn good. I usually (always) get a dessert as well. I have tried their cupcakes and some sort of cookie. I ate it too fast to notice what kind it was but it was delish. I also really enjoy their coffee! They do offer plenty of lunch food items if you're not in the mood for breakfast.The cafe is on the smaller side but I have always been able to find seating, so no big deal. I wouldnt say that this place is really bustling or crowded like other breakfasty spots in ATL but this is a plus to me. Vegan or not, check this place out!
<review# 316,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2013,1/12/2014,62,121,3,8,6>Revolution is my new, favorite donut place in the city.  Better than Sublime, better than the chains, better than them all!  I've been a few times since discovering them about a month ago.  Out of about 7 different ones that I've tried, I've loved 6 and thought 1 (carrot cake) was just kind of ok.  The stars of the show are the creme filled eclair and the famous salted caramel bacon.The things that sets these donuts apart are the all-natural ingredients and the texture.  You can taste the love that goes into them.  They're not too sweet and they have REAL flavors.  Plus, they've got a nice bite to them; they don't melt in your mouth like a Krispy Kreme.  I'm a good 14 miles & 20+ minutes away, but gladly make the trip to get my fix on Saturday mornings.  I suggest you do the same!
<review# 317,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2013,1/11/2014,145,240,3,7,4>Definitely above average bar food. Burgers are good - along the lines of 5 guys but better quality everything - they could use a bit more maillard. Fries were also excellent - tried the Okonomiyaki rendition but would probably just grab some plain next go round. Overall, a great touch to the awesome bar that is Joystick.
<review# 318,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2013,1/10/2014,42,74,5,16,7>We came out one random night trying to catch the sunset. Each ride is 15 min. long, so that's about how long the line is. It's like $15 bucks a person? And they take your picture against a green screen to make it look like you're inside at the end of the line. There is a security person checking your purse, but all the attendants seemed orderly and professional and kept it moving. It's up to 6 people, but trust, you don't want a full car. It's kind of scary because it's clear so you feel like you're inside Willy Wonka's glass elevator and you definitely wouldn't want to be sitting on the end of the bench near the doors. But it's all nice and fancy and air conditioned. Really, I just wanted to come out and see it because it's new, but it was surprisingly fun! We took a lot of pictures, talked a lot, and had a good time! It made me feel like a kid and I forgot how scary those things are. I don't know exactly how they time it, but they do load and unload in a staggering pattern, but the ride itself does not feel jilted or too slow.
<review# 319,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2013,1/9/2014,291,260,2,9,7>I'm a big fan of the Buckhead Life Restaurant Group, and Bistro Niko was on my list of places to try for a long time. Finally got a chance to eat here for my 25th birthday with my friend, and it lived up to my expectations. Bistro Niko serves French cuisine in a fine dining atmosphere. Prices are very reasonable for such a nice restaurant. What caught my eye was the $25 for two plates (deux plats), where you can choose one of three appetizers (salmon croque monsieur, white bean soup, or salad with dijon vinaigrette) and one of three entrees (haddock, chicken in wine sauce - coq au vin, or shrimp in puff pastry). I ended up ordering the salmon croque monsieur, which came with 4 pieces of what looked like a perfectly buttered grilled cheese with slices of smoked salmon inside. The texture was heavenly and was a great start to the meal. As the entree, I ordered the coq au vin, which was very flavorful from the wine reduction and the chicken meat literally fell off the bone because it was so tender. My friend started with the white bean soup which was sooo flavorful - I think the truffles enhanced what would have been an already good white bean soup. For her entree, she ordered the Haddock Provencal, which was so good that it blew my mind. The fish itself was so tender and the ratatouille veggies added good flavor without being overwhelming. The polenta was alright, but I wish I ordered the Haddock - I could eat that forever. Next time, I think I would order the $29.95 three plates with the mesclun salad, shrimp puff pastry, and creme brulee dessert. Can't wait to come again![45 of 100]
<review# 320,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2013,1/8/2014,234,141,9,19,10>As if Decatur couldn't be more perfect, Miles from Leon's has just knocked this one out of the park. I have been waiting for the right people to turn this gorgeous space into something that will be appreciated. WOW. First of all, everyone one is very, very friendly. I can't remember the last time I encountered a hostess I even liked. She was friendly and welcoming. No attitude here. We moseyed on over to the bar and were even more surprised with the kindliness of the bartenders. First of all, let me just tell you, they had 13 types of oysters on happy hour special. This is the BEST deal I've ever seen, costing $1.00- $1.50 each. THIRTEEN TYPES OF THE CLEANEST YUMMIEST OYSTERS FOR $1.00, PEOPLE!!! Moving on, the drinks are above and beyond anything offered in the Atlanta area. I can't really explain it. This is Miles from Leon's and this is HIS bar. Much thought has been put into this. Every so called mixologist needs to come here to learn. What are these fantastic concoctions these guys are coming up with??? I LOVE IT! On to the menu, they offer a three course steak dinner for $45.00 which I am sure is phenomenal. There are different meat and fish selections and a killer desert menu. I look forward to trying the Kimball House sundae. You guys, I do believe I have found my very favorite place in all of Atlanta and it's the Kimball House. It brings me to tears of joy...
<review# 321,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2013,1/7/2014,97,142,7,15,10>Let me just start off by saying that Geek Squad can suck it.They wanted me to pay them $85 just for the diagnostic, and then use that as a credit toward what would probably be an insanely expensive repair. Hellz naw!So since this place is relatively "up the street" from my house, I decided to give it a go. i told Jamin about how I tried to YouTube my way into fixing my laptop myself (it was overheating) and ended up not having any sound. He commended me for at least trying to be proactive, and since I'd diagnosed the problem myself (seeing as I caused it lol) he was nice enough to work with me on the price.Jamin really knows his stuff! He even offered to answer some follow-up questions if I needed it, since there was one issue he couldn't fix cheaply. He offered some workable alternatives that are even fool-proof for me.They got 5 stars for affordability and customer service anyway, but Jamin gets some bonus points for not making me feel like a complete loser lol.***NOTE*** Parking is a bitch.
<review# 322,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2013,1/6/2014,68,195,11,10,5>Went here to see the Mayweather/Canelo fight. Drinks were GREAT, but charging $20 to see a fight at a lounge is too much. Music after the fight was ON POINT.Don't be THAT person paying $1500 for their "VIP" bottle service BS. That area is laughable, to say the least. This isn't LA. And they take down the "rope" after a certain time.
<review# 323,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2013,1/5/2014,172,244,4,10,6>I have eaten here four times now and love this place.The service is impeccable.You HAVE to valet - which is a sore point for me, but there really is limited parking... I have always been greeted warmly by the hostess, the bar is a great place to be while you wait for your table, either inside or DOWN BY THE RIVER (sorry, had to) the inside bar is where you can get the concoctions, the riverside bar is were you can get a killer dirty martini.All the tables have a river view per-say and all of the servers work in concert to deliver some of the best service I have ever received.  I love the food, which rotates seasonally, and the desserts are thoughtful and delicious.  The strawberry rhubarb tart with house made strawberry ice cream was so so good.The flat bread is spicy... just so you know.The wine list is great, and the drinks are very good.I love this place... have I said that already?
<review# 324,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2013,1/4/2014,198,333,3,9,4>Sad not to get the FTR, but that's what I get for not jumping on the review!While still working on fully opening to the public, The Smoke Ring opened October 5th in Castleberry Hill for a soft-opening of sorts with the 20k Flux Night attendees and they did a smashing job! The service was impressive, especially for a first-run. The food they turned out was amazing, the deviled eggs are some of the best in the world with a bacon/bourbon marmalade and the smoked wings are out of this world! I heard more than a few folks raving about the bbq pork sandwich and it's one not to miss out on!They have done amazing with the build-out on the overly commercial Castleberry Point property with custom metal and wood work, a huge bar and more! They'll be opening fully by the end of October and everyone needs to come check this place out! It's sure to be another Castleberry Hill spot that's reminiscent of Cheers!
<review# 325,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/5/2013,1/3/2014,55,299,7,9,6>I can't believe I haven't written a review for this place yet. Am I a fan? I'm a BIG fan, especially since I visit H-Mart at least once per week (if not multiple).  It's good enough for me to continue to come back. The prices for the fresh veggies are unbeatable. Also, the offerings are stupendous.  Having spoken with Indian and even Jamaician friends, they're pleased because H-Mart offers grocery specific to each of their needs. While the H-Mart is smaller than the other grocery stores, they maintain it fairly well as far as cleanliness goes, and they also do a decent job of monitoring the registers so the lines don't get overly long.  Sometimes, it's not necessarily the employees/managers but it's their customers - us! - who take precious time! I can excuse that (even though I may be bothered in the heat of the moment). If you go at the right time, you can find 1 lb strawberries for $0.99. Steal of a deal!If you go at the right time, you can find 1 pack of blueberryes for $0.99. Steal of a deal! Okay, you don't want me to continue on, so just go for yourself. I do have to admit that sometimes, their fruits and veggies are not the freshest, which is why they may at times be trying to move them out for the next load, but for the most part, I'm pleased. Also, they are ITP (and not in Riverdale) so no complaints here! Love it! OH! You want a tip? Take it from me, one whose had to re-swipe my credit card so many times... Make sure that you hit "CREDIT or DEBIT" BEFORE (important, BEFORE) you slide your card!!! Otherwise, you will have to re-do the slide of shame ... and pull your card back out when the cashier tells you nothing went through (and there are lots of people waiting in line). I've swiped my credit card multiple times without select "CREDIT" first and have had to pull my wallet out of my purse and my credit out of my wallet. Surely, you're asking why I had to go in such detail to specify wallet-purse, credit-wallet? Well, those extra few seconds of yours are precious and I just stole a couple of them. Just like that, those extra few seconds to pull out your card-wallet-purse are others' precious seconds! Haha. Sorry .... enjoy!
<review# 326,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2013,1/2/2014,190,335,3,14,5>Spondivits is a popular seafood restaurant.  I have passed it on many occassions and seen a line running down the sidewalk outside.  A friend and I decided to have a early and light dinner here last night.  They only offer free valet parking, so that's your option.  You have to drive to the back of the building.  As I was walking from the back of the building to the front, there were workers out back and they were loud and using a lot of profanity.  Not a good look; somebody needs to address that. My friend and I decided on the fried lobster BLT.  It came with bacon, lettue, tomatoe, and pickles.  Also a mayo and roumalade sauce on the side.  I found the sandwich too salty for my taste and I'm a salt lover.  Still, I ate it all. Never will any lobster go to waste.  The sandwich came with three decent sized strips of lobster.  Aside from too much salt they were pretty good.  My entree came with fries, but you could get slaw, corn on the cob, or baked potato instead.  The sandwich was $16.  Everyone around me got buckets and platters of crab legs and oysters. It all looked fabulous and I will declare that it all IS fabulous.  Big, juicy legs and fresh oysters can be had here (I've had it on previous visits).  Prices are a bit inflated, but it is seafood and it's good.  Service was very good.  They will add gratuity on all tabs over $50. They will add 10% charge for take-out orders.  They WILL get their money.  Can't be mad at that.  I would like for them to get crab utensils that aren't plastic. Sometimes these utensils can't stand up to the crab legs.  Overall, I like Spondivits and will be back for a bucket of crab very, very soon.
<review# 327,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2013,1/1/2014,219,102,5,8,6>So many events are hosted in this little area. Tons of options for food. Good shopping. Great movie theater. Love the open-air concept so you don't feel like you're surrounded by teens who are just loitering at the mall. I feel like this place has gotten a bad rap over the years, but it definitely cleaned up a lot the last few times I've been there. Plus, where else can you shop in Atlanta and not want to bang your head against the dashboard just trying to find a parking spot.Good tip I've learned, take a picture of where you parked so you can remember where your car is! No worse way to end your night then wandering around a packed parking deck hitting your alarm button.
<review# 328,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2013,12/31/2013,240,558,4,10,7>Lunacy Black Market has got to be set in one of the sketchiest neighborhoods I've ever been to in downtown Atlanta, but my goodness, what a gem of a restaurant it is!I was getting together to have dinner with a friend I haven't seem in ages, and since we are both wine lovers and looking to do something outside the norm, he suggested Lunacy Black Market, and I, always up to try something new, readily agreed.So imagine my surprise, when on the way to the restaurant we passed: the courthouse downtown, a deserted bus stop filled with graffiti, the IRS building, a group of homeless people standing around a parking lot, and a floral couch left out by someone near a storefront. Off in the distance, I could see the curve of the Georgia Dome. I don't think we're in Kansas anymore.We stopped along the most unassuming street with many closed up shops that looked almost entirely deserted, then he led me over to Lunacy which has it's name painted on the windows and almost nothing else to distinguish it to those unaware of where to look.Once inside, I was again, struck with how different this 'restaurant' is. Kimonos, Chinese paper lanterns, bottles of wine with melted candle wax, shooting range targets, nude paintings, katanas, and more adorned the walls and ceiling, heavy curtains of different fabrics decorated the front windows and doorways, small tables, couches, easy chairs and a giant dining room table half obscured by bottles and bottles of wine made up the seating. At capacity, this restaurant could probably hold 30 people at one time. Max.Although there's far less than 26 tables in the whole place, that's where we were seated (it turned out to be the giant dining room table loaded with wine bottles in the center), and the waitress handed us cardboard. Each piece of cardboard contained the white and red wines available and the tapas for the night. She also told us the specials which weren't on the menus.I have to say, the novelty of everything just grew on me throughout the night, and service was excellent. The people rotating in to serve us were probably some of the friendliest servers I've ever had. They were just great, nice people.In the end, we ended up ordering two half-bottle servings of wine: one riesling, one tempranillo, the fried cauliflower, balsamic-mint glazed short ribs, and tomato and mozzarella. And I need to mention that the prices are ridiculously reasonable, no bottle of wine was over $25, and no tapas was over $5.Everything, in our opinions, was great. The mozzarella and tomato was fresh and creamy and the balsamic olive oil dressing was a perfect flavor kick, the cauliflower had good flavor (and I'd never have guessed it was fried), and the ribs were very tender and flavorful. And the wine was perfect - I normally am not a big white wine fan, but the riesling we had was just the right combo of sweet and dry, and the tempranillo was rich and flavorful.Overall, it was an excellent first adventure to Black Lunacy Market, and although Chef Paul did not come out to greet the diners that night, I will definitely come back in the future, and hopefully he'll appear then. This place certainly isn't for everyone, but if you're adventurous, up for something different, and looking to go off the beaten path, you won't be disappointed here.
<review# 329,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2013,12/30/2013,168,202,7,8,6>Few things are as quintessentially summer as taking in some drunkenness and baseball from the cheap outfield seats at Turner Field.Lately, the experience has been improved with expanded food options.  Holeman & Finch and Kevin Rathbun now both have operations at the Ted, although for the prices they charge, you'd probably be better off just going to the actual restaurants and getting an entire meal.There's nothing over the top or extraordinary about the Ted, but it's a damn fine place to watch a game.  You can usually find some type of deal for tickets to any given game and most seats provide a more than adequate view of the action.  If you could care less about baseball and would prefer to socialize, the Chop House is an excellent place to camp out.
<review# 330,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2013,12/29/2013,16,55,10,8,5>I'm not Atlanta high-society. I'm not even from the South. Die-hard "foodies" would probably find me uncouth and I don't pride myself on having dined in Michelin star restaurants. Is my review any less valid? Only  you can be the judge of that, however, thanks to Restaurant Eugene, I was able to feel like an Atlanta socialite "foodie" that lives in Michelin star kitchens.  Just take away the overly obnoxious loud-talker a few tables over who was clearly overcompensating for something, er, smaller and we had ourselves the perfect meal.It was our 4th wedding anniversary yesterday evening and we had heard rave reviews about Eugene's so decided it was a great occasion to give it a go. We were promptly seated and treated like royalty by the staff from the moment the valet took our car. I enjoyed the fact that we weren't rushed--the service was attentive, yet not overbearing. I am a red wine enthusiast but am no sommelier so I was relieved when he came to the rescue. I'm sure I didn't sniff, swirl, or sip properly but he stood back and let me simply enjoy the moment.A savory pimento cheese "macaroon" ameuse bouche was just the way to set the mood. This was soon followed by a delicious trio of breads that were divine and the main courses were presented at just the right moment. My husband enjoyed the beef ribeye with onion rings and chanterelles--it was cooked to perfection. I selected the pan-seared grouper with shrimp-mushroom fondue and I was seriously tempted to lick the plate. The portions were remarkable and we thought we had been transported to food heaven until we were brought the dessert menu. What genius mind concocts a curry, bleu cheese, banana sorbet, oats, and banana bread dessert? It was almost like a basket from the dessert round of Chopped--brilliant, mind-boggling, pure artistry. As we exited the restaurant, our car was waiting for us, to top off the already phenomenal experience.  Despite my relatively "inexperienced" palate, I thank Restaurant Eugene for making me feel welcome for the evening and I look forward to sending more of our social circle their way. What does the term "foodie" mean anyway?
<review# 331,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2013,12/28/2013,80,44,8,9,6>Holy smokes Batman, these sandwiches are F8CKING awesome!The food, baked goods, and fresh cut meats do not disappoint.  Star Provisions chefs are true sandwich artists that put any Subway employee to shame!My first thoughts when visiting:1.) How in the hell have I not been before? 2.) Will he look at me strange if I get that cupcake as an appetizer?3.) I'm glad I'm late...cause he snagged a place in line. We ordered a Reuben, a Cobb Salad, and the infamous Po-Boy. I also tried a cupcake, Monkey Bread, and a cookie. (Don't look at me like that). Everything was phenomenal, balanced, melt in your mouth delicious, and better than it actually looked--which is a tough fight. The aesthetics of each menu item are unbelievable. I felt like I was in a New York Deli, crammed with Southern Hospitality and smiling servers. I was in hog heaven...until my hands got sticky. Then I realized there weren't ample napkins. (One star off because they were too hard to find.) The Closer: Yes, the Po' Boy is as good as you've heard---GET IT. You can eat here for a sawbuck if you opt for water and no dessert. Prepare ahead: The line will be out of the door. Be sure to request napkins! :)
<review# 332,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2013,12/27/2013,78,155,1,7,6>Even though I live and work 5 minutes from Bhojanic Decatur, I was so excited for Bhojanic Buckhead to open! There can really never be too much of something so good, right?I had lunch there with a colleague during the first week they were open, and we opted to enjoy the beautiful patio seating. I did get a look inside, though, and the ambiance of the whole restaurant, inside and out, is very modern and cool, open and airy. It's got a really great feel to it. While we perused the menu, we sipped some tasty mango lassi thanks to a Facebook promotion they were doing leading up to the opening day. Seriously delicious lassi, perfect balance of sweet mango and creaminess, with just a hint of spice. We both ordered thalis, loaded down with saag paneer, chicken (she got curry, I got butter) and the most amazing little dumplings in sauce, Punjabi khadi. I seriously loved that sauce - I was just spooning it up like soup! If the khadi is a thali option when you're there, don't miss it!We also split an order of bhini masala okra, which was way spicier than I anticipated but still amazing. The thalis also come with chapati bread, rice, papadam, raita, and a little salad. So although the price of $9-14 (depending on what you get) might seem steep, I had more than enough for two generous meals. The quality of the food is just as high as the original Decatur location, and our lunch service could not have been better. Truly excellent lunch destination, and a great addition to the Buckhead dining scene!
<review# 333,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2013,12/26/2013,55,173,1,6,5>Really delicious Mediterranean food in a charming setting with lovely service.This is yet another attempt to establish a restaurant at the end of Dutch Valley Rd. Alas - it's really difficult unless the restaurant is part of a known restaurant group (ala One Midtown Kitchen), which is kind of a "destination" restaurant. Working on DV Rd as I do, I've tried all the incarnations. This is my favorite so far in terms of the food and service. The decor is a little meh but who cares with the friendly staff and the very good food. I had the mussels in white wine sauce - delish, with a pep of spice. They need better crusty bread to accompany however (hint - Bread Garden is only a block away on Amsterdam with the best baguettes around). I also very much enjoyed the bulgur wheat salad, which was the freshest and most delicious version of this salad I have ever had. Chick peas, almonds, preserved lemon, tomato jam, arugula, cumin, citrus vinaigrette - oh my gosh, so good with just a hint of sweetness. I "cleaned" both my plates. Decent wine selection too.The server was this darling lady with a lovely smile and terrific service. I hope people will seek this place out and save it from the usual oblivion of the Dutch Valley curse.
<review# 334,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2013,12/25/2013,37,241,8,12,3>Umi is a Wow. And the backstory says it all. Fans of the Chef Ito (Farshid A Arshid and Charlie Hendon) created a Umi when MF Sushi closed in Buckhead. The space is just the right size, beautifully appointed in a simple, chic, minimal yet warm manner with a staff that personifies hospitality and charm. Smiles and helpful information from the front door to the table staff.  And I haven't mentioned the food yet. Fresh. Fresh. Beautiful. Sublimely seasoned, sauced and presented. In a word scrumptious. We ate family style in order to sample several items.From the baked section of the menu the grilled black cod misoyaki melts in your mouth and is surrounded by subtle favors and light caramelization. The paper thin tuna tartare is divine - again melts in your mouth.From the house or special rolls section, we enjoyed (loved, devoured, coveted) including the spicy tuna kamikaze rolls, a lobster avocado roll and more.Excellent service. Beautiful and delicious food.Thrilled Chef Ito and his wife Lisa, the pastry chef, have a place in ATL for all of us enjoy. Parking Tip: Valet via Chops - Umi will validate
<review# 335,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2013,12/24/2013,214,189,4,7,8>Having been around the Atlanta food scene for a while, I've gotten to know a few of the key names that evoke adoration amongst the foodies in the town. If you, however, lack experience with all the wonderful things you can cram into your pie hole in this town, then a good primer on the subject would be the Grant Park Farmers Market. You have numerous options here--carby goodness from Revolution Doughnuts, Little Tart Bakery, or H&F Bakery (get the pretzel loaves); or fresh produce and meat products. If you're looking for nicer treats for non-human mouths, Grant Park's own Intown Healthy Hound has a presence here, as well. Our most recent trip here found us bringing home sausage and grits from Riverview Farms, after attending a cooking demo from Top Chef winner-in-our-hearts Kevin Gillespie. We would later forge a sausage/grits casserole recipe provided by Riverview, a wonderful conjunction of savory and texture. As the purveyor of grits (and other ingredients) for the quite-possibly-best-grits-in-Atlanta Rosebud, as well as numerous other farm-to-table restaurants around town, Riverview's presence proves the GPFM is a welcome showcase for the culinary stars of the city.
<review# 336,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/1/2013,12/23/2013,338,442,11,18,10>I promised my wife that if the government shuts down, then we'll come to Sobban for lunch.  And whaddya' know....We came in at around 12PM (30 minutes after opening), and it was already bustling. I'm guessing the first reviewer may have been the first one in the door...We had the following: Lotus salad- Pickled slices of lotus done two ways- dried and wet. Accompanied with stems of chive flowers which added depth to the flavor of the greens, the marmalade that came on the side provided a touch of sweetness that made everything work. (4)Miso Kale- I'll take this over your momma's collards any day.  Buttery goodness through and through. It could remind one of creamed spinach, but it's much better.  Think of it as creamy kimchi-flavored kale with sweet onions.  SO GOOD. We will order this every time we come back. (5)Chicken Kalguksu- The house-made noodles had the signature chewiness that is expected, the "overnight" broth had good chicken flavor to it (but not too much), and it was basically a great rendition of a dish that is meant to fee/taste "homey".  Simply good. (4)Korean Fried Chicken- Cody came by to say hello to us, and before I looked at the menu, I asked him whether KFC from Heirloom was going to make it to Sobban's menu.  He just pointed me to the menu....and I more or less went "Touchdown!". Granted this rendition is different from Heirloom's version which I had last week (and basically gave us a foodgasm). Sobban's fried chicken doesn't have as much smokiness, but it's really tasty in its own way.  The breading was a bit stickier than I was expecting, but hey, it's the 1st day, so no problem. (4)Bingsu- Some shaved ice topped with chocolate tofu ice cream (yup, you read it right), some mochi, tart strawberry/type preserve(?), and some crunchy crispy Korean snacks, all topped with a touch of seaweed/nori and sea salt.  A mouthful of flavors...and it worked! A great way to finish our meal. (4)Hitachino Red Rice Ale- I love Hitachino's brews, and was definitely curious to try this one- refreshing yet very flavorful, this beer in my opinion is probably one of the best to go with the type of food served at Sobban. (5)A great start! We'll definitely be back for more!
<review# 337,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2013,12/22/2013,52,136,,4,3>This is one of those rare instances where a restaurant doesn't actually live up to it's name, and that is a good thing......With the ample parking this place had it's location on the outskirts of East Atlanta Village making a pit stop for a little afternoon or morning pick me up is easier than going through the Starbuck's drive in. I am not a coffee drinker, but I do enjoy a nice tea, and this place a great Chai. Strong black tea with a lots of spices causing a little tickle as it went down my throat! As a Cole Slaw aficionado I can tell you that Hodgepodge has a cole slaw that would be the best side dish to any Fish n Chips if only they served it!  The Tuna Fish has a little hint of curry, and fresh grapes reminiscent of the Chicken Salad at Neiman's! So, next time you are in the neighborhood stop by and have a sip of coffee/tea and take in their warm and spacious surrounding.
<review# 338,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2013,12/21/2013,75,84,5,15,8>This is exactly what Atlanta needed -- a comfortable place for talented drag queens to practice their art and share it with the world. We made reservations for Gospel Brunch (Sunday) opening weekend this past Sunday. We had a group of 12 and had a fantastic time -- the drag queens took us to church and back.First, the space -- you notice at the valet that this is going to be something special inside. The owners did such a great job with renovating the space (I'm not sure what it was before) and creating a true palace to celebrate the queens that work there.Second, the food -- surprisingly good...the brunch menu is on the limited side in terms of options, but the choices are good and everyone at the table seemed to enjoy their brunch. There were some service issues and I'm sure after a few weeks these will be ironed out. The very noticeable service hiccups came when ordering drinks.Third, the entertainment -- as I said, these queens took us to church and back. It was apparent that the performing queens love their art and sharing it with the audience. The host (Bubba D. Licious) was funny, quick witted, but a touch on the nervous side it seemed. The performances ranged from modern gospel to traditional gospel numbers -- it was ah-maz-ing. There were several standout numbers that I hope stay in the rotation from month-to-month. The queens were LIVING and we were living with them on Sunday. I would highly recommend Lips and I look forward to returning -- this isn't an every weekend spot, but definitely a fun spot to start your Sunday Funday every few months. I look forward to checking out other nights of the week/weekend. Looking for some fun, check out Lips, trust and believe you won't regret it.
<review# 339,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2013,12/20/2013,31,115,,12,7>This really is about as good as it gets in Atlanta, food wise. I fell in love with this place the first time we came here and it has only gotten better. We were a little early for our reservation and it was bumpin' so we sat at the bar to grab a few drinks before dinner. The bartender was really knowledgeable and helpful. We tried The Confessor, The Tourist, The Duke and Dauphin and the Brontolo- all were fabulous and perfectly balanced. I liked the Confessor the best, but I'm a bourbon girl so I'm biased.When our table was ready they actually sat us at the couch on the patio and at first I was a little disappointed but it turned out to be the perfect table for a romantic dinner. And the weather was just beautiful that night- a rare event this summer. Our server was really nice and she was able to answer all our questions. We started with the Spicy hamachi crudo and Octopus & mortadella spiedo. Both were fabulous. The hamachi with the avocado was just the perfect balance of spicy and creamy. The octopus was incredibly smokey and so tender. Really the stand out dish of the night.I got the special of the night which was an intensely rich and umami packed pasta with mushrooms, sweet corn and truffles. It was seriously lick-the-plate-clean good. I'm not at all embarrassed to say that I actually used my finger to swipe up the last of the sauce. My boyfriend got the black spaghetti and, as everyone else agrees, it was really good. The wine the server recommended paired well with our dishes too. Icing on the cake.Speaking of dessert, the special that night was grilled peaches with mascarpone and honey. That, and a glass of prosecco, was the perfect ending to a night of wonderful food!
<review# 340,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2013,12/19/2013,25,45,2,5,4>Extremely happy with my Michal Evans experience. After reading some reviews online, I was a bit afraid of coming here because of the price point. But after looking at the gallery on their website, I absolutely couldn't resist stopping in one day. First of all, their shop is lovely and very elegant. I gave the florist a price point and he showed me an example of the size I could expect - which, okay, it's a LOT for flowers. I spent $100 on a glass cube centerpiece for my event. But it was exquisite and ended up even bigger than I expected. I gave them some ideas of what I was looking for (peonies and other spring flowers, pink/purple color, and the color scheme and layout of the event), and came back to pick it up two weeks later. Absolutely stunning - everyone who sees them has complimented them. Highly highly recommend this florist for truly elegant arrangements.
<review# 341,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2013,12/18/2013,9,73,,11,2>A lot of comments here on the Bahn Mi. Lets detour for a moment - the Pho here is fantastic. Some of the best I have had in Atlanta. The overall flavor of the soup was just spot on and it was top notch. Maybe it was the moment - but it is my favorite Pho spot.The Bahn Mi sandwiches were also delicious. My wife was going to get the shredded pork but as other reviewers noted she was encouraged not to by the server due to pork skin. I think next time we wont let that deter her.Overall fantastic. A few key points though as we were not aware, and some that I have gleamed from reviews:* The parking for the front door is across from the food mart, not off to the side near the road.* If you are ordering to go, order at the counter. If you are eating there, simply sit down.* Note your table number. When you are done eating, simply go to the register and pay by number.* Credit Card minimum is $10
<review# 342,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2013,12/17/2013,176,193,5,6,4>I have been to Local 3 FIVE times in the past three weeks.  I am an addict.  I recognize I have a problem...well, not a problem.   I recognize that I have an appreciation for one of the best places in Atlanta.  I take everyone here I can.  This is what dining in Atlanta should be!First, they change the menu often, so that is fantastic.  Even though I've been here five times in three weeks, the menu was markedly different each time.  Chef is always rotating in what he found from local sources that day.I should also say that Local Three is dangerously close to converting me to being a dessert person.  Seriously, usually I eat two bites of something sweet and I'm done.  Well, they have a chocolate mouse (S'Mores) that is made with cayenne pepper.  OMG!!!  I ate all of it both of the last times I've gone.  Ridiculously good!!!  It is the chocolate mouse on a graham cracker crust with flamed marshmallow on top.  Seriously, go tonight. Go try it it.  It will change your world.I also respect the fact that corkage is reasonable at Local Three.  Sometimes, if you're having other cocktails or wine off their menu, they won't even charge you.  I have found that I enjoy the wine selections that are there and much is available by the glass, so I have generally brought a bottle and then ordered other items.
<review# 343,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2013,12/16/2013,151,479,,7,2>Ah, a nearly local restaurant where we can eat.  It's on the way to the domestic side of the airport for folks living to the north, too, so a good choice for exit meals.We were there for the actual opening, I had a bit of steak with a rioja reduction.  The steak portion was appropriately sized (not a heap o' cheap) and perfectly cooked.  Outside had some crisp char around nicely colored meat.  The sauce was fruity without being overly sweet.  The sauteed spinach was spot-on.  We had too many appetizers to remember them all, but the stuffed mushroom caps were quite fun.This isn't the place for cheap eats but rather a moderate friendly get-together.  The menu online may not be up-to-date; the chef / owner "gets bored easily" (her words) and goes after what's fresh.  Folks familiar with the SF bay area will appreciate the cheese selection; lots of favorite there-locals.  Fun if pricey local beers.  I honestly don't know wine (even after living close to great wineries), so I can't comment there.Also, everything is gluten free except for the beer.  The beer's bottled, so there is essentially no chance of cross-contamination.  *All* the food is safe to eat.  This includes dessert...
<review# 344,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2013,12/15/2013,226,205,,8,6>So why has no one told me how great this place is?!?! I got a buggy full of groceries for $44. I walk into publix and can get of basket of groceries for $40. do the math!!I walked in and I was in awe. Every. Single. Thing. you could imagine was in the store. My boyfriend started talking about some type of wheat he learned while studying organic farming and looked up and saw it on the shelf!! If you ever need to come here to prepare a dish with ingredients that you just won't find at kroger or publix, come here! The trip is so worth it!Now the seafood prices are pricey pricey pricey. But when you look over and see big tanks of catfish, lobster and other sea animals swimming and crawling around, you would understand why the price is so high. It's as fresh as you can get.Pastry area-to die for. I got a tart, lemon bar and ham and cheese croissant. Divine.Bring a light sweater or jacket because it is cold in that joint.#Yelp100
<review# 345,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2013,12/14/2013,40,222,3,4,3>I really liked this new restaurant in Decatur. I went the first week it was open so they were still sort of working out all the kinks, but the waitress was very attentive and brought the food quite quickly despite a packed house! The special alcoholic drink was so refreshing - would have been great on a hot day, instead of the windy freezing day I went. We decided to order a bunch of "tapas" which doesn't seem like it was the norm going by our waitress' reaction. The fried Kale was a super yummy snack and the chickpea dish was superb. Honestly, everything we got here was really yummy. My Indian friends commented on how street food legit it was. Great space and I love how they have decorated it. They have parking which is great, but when it's packed, just go on the street.
<review# 346,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2013,12/13/2013,469,375,,6,5>MY NEW FAVORITE PLACE FOR DELI SANDWICHESThe service and food are both excellent. I absolutely adore their reuben sandwiches (which are hot and piled high with meat and cheese on really delicious bread) and the Wee Willy sandwich. The pasta salad is also great. The atmosphere is down-to-earth but also corporate at the same time, as you can see in my photos.There is free parking in the Terminus parking garage. Don't forget to get your parking validation.
<review# 347,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2013,12/12/2013,144,134,2,12,7>Cute little shop in the Pine Tree Plaza. It has similar decor to its competitor, Sweet Hut, but newer, cleaner, and more spacious. I'm excited that it has opened since it's competitor (sweet hut) is getting "too old" and too crowded for my liking. I'm looking forward to trying more items to expand the review. There's bubble tea, pastries, and cakes. It just opened its doors as of September 20th. The space is very spacious. There's about fifteen 2-seat tables with comfy couches, about five group tables with comfy chairs, and couches, and one lounge area that lets you take off your shoes! The free Wi-Fi speed is really fast. The password to the Wi-Fi is located on the bottom of your receipt. They accept major cards, but you have to spend a minimum of $5 to use it here.  The lighting is a little too dim for my liking. The lighting in here feels like 7 Coffee & Wine's lighting. It's more of a romantic lighting. However, there's large windows in the front that brings in more light. The logo of the place is very cute. The background music is not too loud and consist of mainly Chinese Mandarin, Taiwanese, and American songs. They are open until midnight and are open everyday!Some interesting milk teas are Honey Bits Milk Tea and 3Q Milk Tea. Both are great and are must try. I chose the cappuccino milk tea as my complimentary drink. The  I've tried the egg tart, the polo bun, ground cinnamon bun, and the hamburger bun (ham, lettuce, sunny side egg! OMG!! all in a sesame bun), and a mini-bun pastry. There's one pastry that has three mini-buns, each consisting of different flavors of taro, mung bean, and red bean that I found was interesting in a good way. It was like a sampler of pastries. All the pastries are at the reasonable price of under $2 each. The breads are moist and not dry. The bubble milk teas are $2.50 each. If you spend over $10, you get a free milk tea of your choice! They also have cheesecake, cakes, fruit tarts, and tiramisu on display at the counter. There's bread and cookies too. I'm super excited about there being a new Bubble Tea spot and Bakery in the Buford Hwy area. This is going to be the new hot spot for bubble tea since it's so large and there's lots of parking. My new favorite study spot!
<review# 348,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/26/2013,12/11/2013,23,109,4,10,6>I was fortunate enough to try out Stillhouse after a friend invited me to an event. And let me tell you: I am happy that I went. Tucked in the back corner of the East Andrews District, you wouldn't be able to find Stillhouse unless you were looking for it. But you should because it is a great place. We sat at the bar, which I highly recommend, and Nicholas and Alec took care of us, crafting cocktails that were delicious and not too potent. Who would have thought that drinking moonshine wouldn't result in me ending up on the floor? Tip: If you can, ask for a sample of the sweet onion and jalapeno moonshine. It will blow your mind. As for the food, I needed to be rolled out after our meal. We started off with the mussels, which claimed to be made with moonshine but I couldn't taste it. The broth, however, was incredible and I wish I had a whole load of bread with which to sop it all up. As for burgers, I had the duck burger, which was topped with goat cheese, spinach, pickled beets and duck confit. O.M.G. The duck was a little try for my taste, but the topping made up for it. The combination of the beets and the cheese, the confit and the duck patties....mmm talk about a gourmet burger. For sides we had the mac n cheese, which was tasty. It had a nice kick to it. And the fries. Get the fries with the gouda on top and dip them in the housemade spicy ketchup. Yum. But eat them fast: the longer they sat, the soggier they got. One other thing I liked about Stillhouse was the fact that it was a cool, slightly upscale place to eat and drink -- yet they still have a handful of TVs tuned to sports. Plop me down there during football on a weekend and I would be a happy camper for sure.
<review# 349,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2013,12/10/2013,296,419,2,6,5>Still.....hands down the creamiest froyo in Atlanta.They make their froyo from scratch with organic, grassfed milk. I recently stopped by and I tried their strawberry flavor which they have improved and their salted caramel. Both flavors were tasty and they always have nice staff working.
<review# 350,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2013,12/9/2013,20,52,3,5,4>I'm excited to get back to Folk Art. This place is great - the food, the service, the atmosphere.  Our server was knowledgeable and extremely friendly, checking in on us at all of the right times. He gave wonderful recommendations and earned the hell out of his tip. The atmosphere is great. It's casual, a little kitschy, and artful in all the right ways without being too distracting. The food was delicious. I'm generally unimpressed with fried chicken - but this friend chicken was perfection. The chicken was perfectly crisp on the outside - tender, juicy, and flavorful on the inside. It was unreasonably good. I would say that I regretted not ordering it myself, but my sandwich, The Donald, was ah-mazing. I don't even know how to describe the euphoria I experienced with each bite. I'm an expressive eater, so I'm sure half of the restaurant heard me "MMMMMMMMMMMmmmmm" my way through my first few bites. Although it wasn't a deal breaker, most of my compatriots and I noted that all of food was just *slightly* over salted. I can't wait to go back!
<review# 351,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2013,12/8/2013,88,139,3,4,3>If you are a soccer fan, this is your place.I personally think their beers are overpriced (especially on St. Patties Day), but I get it. I do.It's a nice place to hang out, but becomes a little frat-tastic. So, if that isn't your type of place, then I recommend on skipping out.I've never had a bad time. Their food is pretty decent.But they do take their irish breakfast very, very seriously. And man. Is it good.Come here. Drink beer. Get drunk.
<review# 352,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2013,12/7/2013,151,132,7,9,11>In the mood for something new? Tasty,different, and cheapish too?Get on down to Quoc Huong's place,it'll put a smile on that pretty little face.Bahn Mi's are sandwichesbut they are far from plain.Crusty bread,  BBQ pork,Jump on the yummy train!Sprouts and veggies all aboardA sprinkle of fish sauceIf you go instead to Mr. Lee'sit really is your loss.Fresh lemon, Ice, and sugar cubesJust washes down the love.I heard they even serve up Phoin addition to the above.So come on down and get yours quick!It is really worth your time.The food is so good, it has prompted me,to Yelp a silly rhyme.
<review# 353,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2013,12/6/2013,44,62,15,15,9>Seriously. Can I move in? The drinks? Let's just say their "Step in the right direction" isn't mere wishful thinking. It really does seem to get you off on the right foot. This last time around we ordered a bottle of Cervantes mountain cuvee on recommendation of the waitstaff. This full-bodied wine cozied right up to me. Simply amazing, it should definitely win the academy award for best performance in a supporting role to small plates.  The food? Vegan/Gluten-Free/Vegetarian/Diet restrictions? Don't worry, they've got a little something for everyone. My favorites include the roasted brussel sprouts, blistered green beans and fig bruschetta. But the menu item that I just can't live without? The burrata. It's an italian style mozzarella cheese that has been stuffed with mozzarella and mozzarella cream. That's right people...cheese stuffed cheese. You're calling to make a reservation right now, aren't you?-- Insider Tip: Go early and get the brussel leaves. They go fast, because well, they'll change your life. --(Calling your mother afterwards and apologizing for not eating her brussel sprouts for all those years, purely optional.)Dessert?But I'm so full! Time to man up (or hey, just ask for boxes early on and save some room), because you simply can't afford to miss both the chocolate nemesis and the berry parfait. In fact, I think either of these would be just about the perfect ending to any day. Even if you don't have time for dinner, stop by tonight and get dessert. Or call that girlfriend with the jerk of a boyfriend and go attack that chocolate nemisis instead of him. FYI - The first time here was a little tricky. The parking is valet in a parking garage behind the restaurant/underneath the building. They can be a bit slow, so be patient. The entrance is a big wood door, it's easy to miss the first time, but if you come out of the parking garage onto palisades, you'll reach it before you reach the patio. PS - To be fair, any place that allows dogs on the patio gets (super-extra) bonus points in my book. My pup likes a dinner out as well. Saltyard has a pup-friendly patio with carabiners to help you eat leash-free. You heard me right, all of this AND you can bring your dog!This bring me back to my original question, who do I see about moving in?
<review# 354,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2013,12/5/2013,50,171,3,6,4>It just can't get better than these. I was craving some Ethiopian food and decided to invite two friends who ended up being 8 people! I called to make a reservation and they were not sure so many people could be in one table. We still gave it a try and as soon as we hit the door they move the tables upstairs so we were all in one table without even a flinch! I tried one of their Ethiopian beers which tested good and went for the whole vegetarian platter myself as I was starving and it was delicious. It had yellow peas, red lentils, potatoes in curry sauce, collard greens and my favorite kind of sweet cabbage with carrots as well as salad and beet. They all tasted good and I almost finished it myself. Too bad I didn't have enough space for dessert, but their tiramisu is to kill for.
<review# 355,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2013,12/4/2013,315,451,6,6,6>My review is a bit late, though not as late as the ones I am now writing for other places. I was recently here for a Breakfast Club UYE and we had a great time. I arrived late (are you even surprised?) and was lucky to be able to pull up a chair at the end of the long table in the main dining area (I say lucky because I later found out that there were other Yelpers sitting at a small table to the side).As I have already said several times today in other reviews, I am trying to watch what I eat since I've packed on a few pounds (nothing alarming but enough to realize that I have to nip it in the bud ASAP). So while everyone was salivating over the options, I already knew what I would get. And it was as simple as could be. Two eggs, scrambled. Slab bacon. Two black-pepper biscuit with fruit preserve (mine turned out to be strawberry).So, you see, I ordered a normal, plain breakfast. And yet, I give 5 stars. Because sometimes a place is best judged by the basics. And One Eared Stag gave me one hell of a meal, with these non over-the-top dishes. I wish I could scramble eggs the way they do here. They were perfectly creamy and were just heavenly with a few grinds of black pepper. Slab bacon. Need I even say more? Meaty, thick bacon. And lots of it. Then the biscuits. Biscuits can be eh, biscuits. Then they can be One Eared Stag biscuits. The black pepper brought them to a whole new level and with the strawberry jam/jelly thing they served them with, I was reminded of a time I took a cake class at the Viking Cooking School and we made strawberry baby cakes in mason jars with black pepper cream cheese frosting. The combination is complex and out of this world.I ended up getting a bite of Lindy F.'s biscuits smothered in sausage gravy, which were delicious. And all those with the Chef's Special had glistening eyes when the wood cutting boards were placed before them, full of culinary creativity.Maybe next time I will go out on a limb and try something different. But I absolutely loved what I got, was stuffed to the brim, and highly recommend it. Back to the basics.
<review# 356,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2013,12/3/2013,130,116,1,4,4>Manuel's use to my old man's haunt. Unlike most children I've always know my dad was cool, so when I discovered Manuel's later in life I wasn't surprised that I dug it's laid back, unassuming yet genuine vibe. Like father like son.A server recommend their Bloody Mary with bacon vodka. Divine! Great Service overall. Also, their beers average $4. Anything above $5 is inhumane and even that is pushing it. Also take not of the sign that says "no pissy attitudes". Adhere to it. Don't bring your baggage Manuel's.
<review# 357,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2013,12/2/2013,108,55,1,6,4>This place is awesome awesome awesome.It's been awhile since I've reviewed anything, about 5 months actually, so when I was thinking about all the places I've been in that time and what I should review first, this little gem was the first thing that popped into my head. My husband and I had a wonderful brunch here a few weeks back after shying away from our regular options in Candler Park. We've started to explore Kirkwood more and are really impressed with the dining options.Living in Candler Park we're professional Flying Biscuit and Dr. Bombay patrons. This place is like a hybrid between the two. The menu is small like Dr. Bombay's, but huge in value and taste. I had the grits stack which was super good; you can basically choose whatever you'd like to have thrown in a bowl with some yummy grits. My husband had the french toast sandwich which was also very good. The atmosphere was charming and the random notebooks that visitors sign on the various tables really added a lot of personality. We spent a long time sifting through the notebooks and adding our own comments. This place is top-notch and definitely worth a repeat visit. FYI: I heard from someone in the neighborhood that Le Petit Marché is planning to move across the street by the end of the year!
<review# 358,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2013,12/1/2013,45,46,2,7,7>I first went to Legal on a trip to Boston and fell in love. Had some scallops and gumbo and Boston cream pie, and I was hooked.  When I heard they were opening one in ATL, I was the happiest person in the world that day =)I have been to this Legal around... 8 times now, and I have got to give it a very solid 4 stars. I've been happy with the experience each and every time.The service has always been spectacular. My grandmother ordered the full-on Legal clam bake once (which comes with lobster, clams, oysters, the whole shebang), not realizing what exactly she was ordering. The gentleman literally got down on his knees to crack open every piece of shellfish for her, even though I said I would!! Was pretty blown away by that.The people up front are just as nice. Remembered me after one visit. Always super friendly, cheerful about validating parking. Just good 'ole Southern manners at its finest.About the food: Everything's really good.  I love their lobster roll. Super fresh. Delicious. Their chowder? About as good as it gets. I love their shrimp and grits, very well done. My dad's favorite is their stuffed shrimp. Absolutely delicious. The Boston cream pie? Mouth-watering.Ambience: pretty great. The view is not anything super special, but you're surrounded by some Atlanta skyline and a lot of tourist attractions nearby. The staff is always great about giving me a table by a window whenever possible. On warm days, I would absolutely recommend eating on their balcony. It's awesome.Not quite as perfect as its Boston counterparts, but hey, no one messes with the original. Still absolutely one of my go-to's in ATL. Get yourself there!
<review# 359,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2013,11/30/2013,108,232,3,3,3>I'm a long-time patron of Scalini's in Smyrna, but don't get to go now that I live in South Fulton.  Imagine my suprise when I came across Provino's and realized it was basically the same restaurant.I went on a weeknight with my daughter.  We sat in a booth.I like the layout of Provino's better.  Seems like there are more private booths.Our server was super friendly.Since I was dining with a toddler, I decided to share the Italian sampler.  It was just enough food for the two of us.  And tasty, although I didn't realize it would come out in one dish.The salad and bread are just as yummy as at Scalini's.
<review# 360,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2013,11/29/2013,62,188,1,6,2>Upon entering the establishment, you may quickly question your decision to try this establishment.  The place looks a little run down, but you will be quickly greeted by a very happy owner.  The menu is pretty standard for a Thai restaurant with a few Vietnamese items as well.  I went with the Pad Thai, which was delicious!  The flavors were spot on and the is by far the best Pad Thai I've had in the Atlanta area.  I was a little torn between the 3 and 4 star rating, but went with 4 due to the food.  The restaurant itself is a little out of the way, and as mentioned the restaurant doesn't have the most inviting interior.
<review# 361,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2013,11/28/2013,147,169,4,7,2>This was my first time here. I would think that this place is an upscale Mexican place. I was slightly taken back after looking at the prices, but after ordering a quesadilla the portion size was huge. I also order a larger pitcher of margarita. My 4 friends and I spilt the pitcher $5.60 each and had 2 glasses. Can't beat that.FYI for a party of 4 or more they add gratuity and it $2 to valet your car here.
<review# 362,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2013,11/27/2013,158,678,4,5,5>How have I not been here before? Delicious snoballs, amazing popcorn flavors... get in my mouth, please! I had a fruity snoball that was packed with flavor to the last bite. A small is plenty big even for sharing if you get a sweeter flavor, but the fruit one was light enough that I finished a small on my own. I'm not sure how people consume anything larger... the smalls are nowhere near being small in stature!The popcorn list is also crazy... I wound up with the last batch of Spring Mix which was apple, caramel, and white chocolate. SO FREAKING GOOD. They let us taste test each flavor as well and I couldn't find any that were bad. Seriously, the popcorn alone is reason enough to come back (or stay away if you're broke because you'll want to buy them all).A+ Decatur, and A+ NOSC. A-freaking-plus.
<review# 363,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2013,11/26/2013,37,70,4,9,6>I popped by here last night after keeping a close eye on it for the weeks leading up to opening. It's in a nice location - might have some trouble getting customers because it's not near a lot of businesses, but an easy walk for anyone who lives in the neighborhood.The owner was standing by making delicious crepes, and I tried the Nutella/banana one for $6 - delicious! The crepe was melty, crusty on the edges, and with just the right amount of "give" in the middle.The atmosphere was very "European cafe," in a rustic way. There was a violinist playing outside (a nice addition, although I'm not sure how often that'll happen) and some old-world-style interior design, mixed with a bit of a loft edge (metal chairs painted red).I would love to see this place evolve into either more of a coffee shop that serves crepes or a brunch place that serves good coffee. Right now, it's not fully sure what it is, but it seems like it might benefit from offering, say, french-press style coffee and more of a variety of drinks (iced coffee, mocha, etc.). I imagine it could do really well on the weekends with people wanting to hang and read a book, nibble on a crepe, and sip some java. But as it stands now, I have trouble deciding the best time to go: a light lunch? A heavy breakfast? A small dinner? If it's meant to be a restaurant (primarily), maybe a few other options like a combo that comes with a fruit salad, or some additional breakfast options, would be a nice touch.All in all, a great place that's starting to get its footing, and sells lovely, authentic food made with real love. Can't wait to watch it grow!
<review# 364,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2013,11/25/2013,118,224,3,10,6>My visit to Thumbs Up Diner was long over due. Primarily because they are cash only, and I never ever carry cash. However, my trip to the ATM was worth it. Thumbs Up Diner is a charming little place. When I use the word charming to describe Thumbs Up Diner, please don't think it means this place is a fabulous looking diner. Because, it isn't. However, Thumbs Up Diners is delightful. In every sense of the word. This is a diner's diner. You know:  white plates, cheap food, good eats, booth seating, and bustling with customers and servers. Something I'm totally here for, and because I love the nostalgia of a diner. I also appreciate a place with a server who understands that I'm awful with decision making, and allowed me plenty of time to make up my mind about my order. Oh, and Thumb's Up's fried fish sandwich is perfect. The side of french fries, that comes with it, I could do without. But the fish sandwich....perfection. It was lightly breaded, deep fried, and just the way I like my fish sandwiches to be. I'm definitely a fan of Thumbs Up Diner!
<review# 365,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2013,11/24/2013,28,158,3,4,4>I was in the midst of an 8-hour test at the Prometric Testing Center on Georgia State University's campus when I felt like my brain was about to liquefy. I decided to take my lunch break before I went over the edge. I hopped on the elevator to go to the lobby floor and stepped outside into the cold air with only about 35 minutes to spare. Romeo's was right next door, so I decided to try it out. When I asked the employee at the cash register how long the pizza would take, he said 7 minutes (and I'm pretty sure it came out faster than that). I ordered a slice of pizza with 3 toppings: eggplant, caramelized onions, and meatballs. It was very well priced for a large slice of pizza, base (mozzarella) is about $2.50 or so, and the toppings were 50 cents each. This pizza was surprisingly good! Romeo's has NY style pizza. The crust was nice and crispy and thin, the pizza didn't taste oily (one of my pet peeves is having to hold pizza with oily crust), and the toppings all complemented each other well. It held up well in my hand even though it was pretty big. The eggplant was lightly breaded and fried. The meatballs were shaved and thus stayed on well (no meatballs rolling off onto the counter here!) The caramelized onions maybe deserved a little longer on the pan to be called caramelized but they were thoroughly cooked (and time was more of essence to me, anyway, than the browning of onions). The inside of the restaurant is a decent size and looks like it can hold a good amount of people. It felt a little empty, I think just because their huge liquor shelves weren't stocked with any alcohol (not sure if they are waiting for a liquor license or what the plan is for that?) There were a good number of customers at the time.I got back to my test with plenty of time to spare, and re-energized at that. Thanks, Romeo's :) I would like to try you out again, although I'm not quite sure what the parking options are.
<review# 366,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2013,11/23/2013,13,59,14,17,11>Let me start by saying 5 things that Hong Kong City is not:1. It is not authentic Chinese food. If you want that go to Buford Highway.2. It is not in a 'good' location. There's trash all over, street people working their hustle, and yes...there's a homeless guy usually walking around wrapped in a dirty blanket. If these kinds of things make you nervous then you should probably go be a wussy somewhere else.3. Parking is not convenient. You're either gonna have to walk a half a block or more through the aforementioned #2 or you can roll the dice and use the Georgia Power lot directly across the street from Hong Kong City. This is by far the most convenient option but during business hours it looks every bit a tow lot... just so you've been warned. 4. It is not particularly clean, inviting, geared for dining in... etc. The waiting / dining area is usually dirty, you'll stick to most surfaces you touch, the trash is often overflowing, and you even order your food through bullet proof glass at the counter.5. Hong Kong City is not the kind of place a lot of people would stop at. Still reading? Good.What Hong Kong City is:Hong Kong City is a throwback to the origins of 'American Chinese Food' that is as good as you will find anywhere. This isn't your parents' Chinese food, it's your grandparents' and there are still some people who do it right. The fare that Hong King City has mastered was born of the wave of  Canton Chinese immigration to this country starting in the 1840's. They brought their regional cuisine with them which they adapted for the less subtle American palate. Crab Rangoon, Moo Goo Gai Pan, Chop Suey, sweet spare ribs that will stain your fingers red, these and more are all American adaptations and Hong Kong City nails them like a boss. The egg foo young (get the pork for maximum flavor) is nothing short of celestial. The two deep fried egg patties are robed in a brown gravy fragranced with Chinese 5 spice and just the slightest amount of sweet. It's hands-down the best I have ever had.The crab rangoon is so good it's stupid. They don't skimp and there's something else working here with a faint lobster flavor that elevates things to a whole other level. Dip the crab rangoon in the sweet red sauce it's served with and...yes. This is one guilty, guilty, pleasure and nobody does it better than Hong Kong City.The fried rice is top notch and the dark soy they use in it is another dead ringer for old-school Canton-American Chinese food as are the enormous, flaky, and sinful eggrolls they serve. I could go on but I think the groundwork has been laid here.  To give this food fewer than 5 stars is to simply not 'get it' and I feel very sorry for anyone who falls into this camp. For the rest of us, Hong Kong City is old school American-Chinese takeout that is par none. Check it out!
<review# 367,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2013,11/22/2013,286,463,4,21,20>I have a very old car so I rarely take it to get it washed anymore but was thoroughly impressed with the results after visiting Lighthouse Express Car Wash.First of all, every time I do go to a car wash, it always rains that same day or the following day so I always feel that I threw my money away but the "Rain X" treatment that was added to my car made a HUGE difference at this facility.  They also have self vacuum areas so you can keep your car interiors looking nice and tidy as well.I've never seen my car "shine" like the way it did, days after my visit to Lighthouse Express.  It makes me want to revisit every few weeks just to maintain that "new car" look even though my car is more than 10 years old!  The staff did a wonderful job of removing my year old brake dust from my rims and my tires have not looked that shiny, ever!!I'm a huge fan and first impressions mean a lot and this car wash facility has proven to me that it's worth the extra $10-$15 dollars to get your car professionally washed because who doesn't want to drive around in a perfectly clean looking vehicle, right!?!?
<review# 368,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2013,11/21/2013,121,165,1,4,5>I was on a health food kick.  This is the first I've ever been here.  I've eaten at restaurants around the area but never gave this place a second glance.  One of my friends suggested it and told me that all the "meat" dishes were good and certainly different.  I came here on a Sunday with a couple of friends.  I was reading the menu and realized this place was completely vegetarian, including the meat dishes.  This intrigued me and I ordered a combination fried rice.  I decided I needed to try all the different types of "meat".  We all ordered different things, one person ordered the sesame chicken, one person order chicken lo main.  After the food came out, we all looked at our food trying to guess which meat was which....The beef, pork and ship tasted pretty legit and the consistency was a good comparison.  The chicken was a big disappointment, at least in the fried rice it was.  The sesame chicken was good, tasted exactly like I would get it from some greasy Chinese restaurant.  I liked my food and I would come back here again, now that I know what I'm getting in to.  We brought food back for my roommate who is allergic to seafood.  We made her eat the "shrimp" from my fried rice.  It was an exciting moment since she's never tried it before and even the fake stuff made her feel like she was actually able to eat seafood.
<review# 369,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2013,11/20/2013,48,110,4,8,6>Forget about my past reviews proclaiming "so-and-so" having the best BBQ in town.... I was WRONG! Mustard Seed has the best BBQ in Atlanta! The BBQ here is lip smackin' slap yo' mammy GOOD! Skip the ribs and get the rib tips and/or pulled pork. Perfectly seasoned, very tender, and that sauce is DELICIOUS! It is mustard based and a liquid gold color. It is AMAZING! You have to try it to truly understand how good it is. It is not a pungent, mustardy tasting sauce. It is sweet and savory.Okay, yes this place is located in the hood, but who cares? It is a takeout joint and you will be in and out within 10 minutes anyway. Don't let the location discourage you, or you will be the one missing out on this mouthwatering BBQ and distinctive sauce.Make sure you take advantage of the Scoutmob app deal on your smart phone for a free pulled pork sandwich. That sandwich is piled high with yummy, juicy pork. They definitely did not skimp on portion size considering they are giving it away for free with the scoutmob app.Trust me on this one. I don't give 5 STAR reviews often.
<review# 370,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/3/2013,11/19/2013,207,302,1,5,5>I'm bursting at the seams to tell you all about my latest after work experience.  Yes, I'm calling it an experience and yes, I'm smiling as I write this!  I recently visited the business savvy and elegant Article 14 after work.  I have driven past the low-key restaurant several times, each time being attracted to the glass-store front and yellow glowing liquor display wall.  You can't help but to be drawn into the glow, like a moth to a flame.  I've had Article 14 on my "bucket list" for several months now and was elated when the opportunity to briefly hang out after work with a friend was presented.Upon entrance we were greeted by a hostess who offered us seating.  We declined group seating and sat at the bar instead.  There wasn't much of a crowd for a Friday evening but I was thrilled .  But none the less the bartender made for great company.  After taking my drink order (my friend doesn't drink) I was given the history behind Article 14.  Article 14 was specifically designed as a haven to attorneys in the area.  Within the 6 block radius there are hundreds of attorney offices.  Several local top attorneys are featured on their "Hall of Fame" wall.  The menu is even creatively designed to incorporate legal terms as food categories.  Categories include Amendments, Section I, and Section II.  I love when an establishment takes time to have a designed theme and stay true to that design.  After the history was shared with me the establishment made so much sense.  The layout of the seating was very corporate and masculine.  There were leather booths and sterile white linens.  However, there was not a stiff feeling in the air.I ordered a glass of Riesling and the House Chips with Caramelized Onion Dip.  Both were served in the blink of an eye.  The Onion Dip was some of the best I have ever had.  Granted it is a simple dip, it was a great snack to have during a brief chat with a buddy.  The dip was topped with real caramelized onion and the dip itself was creamy, rich and very flavorful.   It was a perfect match to my semi-sweet wine.  The homemade house chips were nicely cooked and seasoned very well.  The chips could have easily been eaten without accompanying dip.  Refills were constantly offered and the wait staff were very attentive.  I can't wait to venture back for a more elaborate dining experience.  Article 14 truly offers a great atmosphere in the heart of midtown Atlanta.- See more at: soukle.com/article14/#st
<review# 371,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2013,11/18/2013,41,217,1,6,4>I had the combo -- St. Louis ribs and pulled chicken. Both were awesome. My sides were the Mac-n-cheese and the Brunswick stew. Both of those were awesome too. There was plenty of food but I also took home a banana pudding for desert later. I've had better but it was still very good. I will definitely go back again and look forward to trying their other selections.
<review# 372,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2013,11/17/2013,49,112,1,6,4>Located in a strip mall off of Buford Highway is this hidden "experience" .  I reluctantly agreed to go here on a heavily rainy night at the behest of my ladyfriend.  Disclaimer, do not go here expecting the fast service and reliable fare of your typical Americanized Mexican food. The crowd is largely hispanic but the staff is bi lingual and very friendly.  On the Saturday night we were there two Mariachi bands were playing.  Large tables in the center were packed with lively and celebrating groups.  The menu is very large and the portions are hearty.  We ordered as though at a Tapas restaurant.  The food was served fresh and you are even presented with a complimentary tostado covered with a blend of seafood and avocado/other fresh ingredients to start you out.  The ceviche is very good and they have a wide variety of presentations and dishes to choose from.  A cheery vibe here and a great place to go if you are looking for a different kind of experience and to be entertained while you dine.  I am glad I was talked into trying this place it was fun and the food was good.
<review# 373,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2013,11/16/2013,36,563,2,8,4>Wow!We had a great time tonight at the wine tasting class.  It was a great idea for date night, especially since we both really wanted to get up on our wine game.  She's a red, Port, to be exact, drinker, and I prefer whites.We had the most AWESOME, incredible wine expert/teacher EVER, named Jay!  He was personable, funny, in the age group of most of the class 30-46, and boy oh boy- did he ever know about WINE.The class lasted 2 hours.  Sadly, it IS true, there are NO snacks. Nope, not even the crumb of a cracker.  However, there is some really good wine, and some really good knowledge.The shop is really tastefully done, nobody tries to sell you anything, although the opportunity is certainly there, if you so desire.  I got this via a Living Social deal, and was expecting the "Groupon/Living Social" experience.  Yeah, you know the one.  NOT this time!  We were treated exceptionally well.  Actually mulling over joining the wine club.  If Jay is at the monthly wine club meetings, I think we could be persuaded!P.S. if it matters, yes, this IS the place that they filmed an episode of "Married to Medicine" in.
<review# 374,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2013,11/15/2013,19,850,3,4,4>I was directed here by Surin of Thailand, owned by the same people, after Surin stopped serving lunch...apparently, Harry & Sons has the exact same menu, plus sushi and sushi specials.  While the outside (and inside, frankly) looks like a pub, it is very much a Thai and Sushi restaurant, with the same delicious, albeit Americanized, food as Surin.  While Surin is light and airy with white paper on tables, Harry & Sons is dark wood colored, and slight grungy.The sushi lunch specials are surprisingly good and a great value at $10-12 ...choice of 4 combos where you get 2 large rolls.  You can go with the option of rolls with tempura fried shrimp or other things, or more simple/traditional ones  I tried- the rainbow roll and spicy tuna roll, or a tiger roll and eel roll.  The fish is fresh, and portions are large.  I also love the Thai lunch specials that are also served at Surin that are under $10- the chicken noodle bowl, the Chicken Massaman, or the Thai noodle (also known in other restaurants as pad Thai).  All lunch specials come with a soup if you dine in the restaurant...I like the Thai coconut soup, but you could also get miso soup.  Service is always very fast and attentive...another solid option along this stretch of North Highland.
<review# 375,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/13/2012,11/14/2013,90,257,5,10,7>WoOoOoOoOoOoOoW.The Cobb Energy Centre is everything a modern performing arts venue should be. This place is seriously impressive. Gents in sweater vests, lads in bow ties, ladies in antique jewelry, and lasses in their best velvet dresses stroll through the theater bringing the classy level up to maximum. The architecture of the building is beautiful on the outside and inside.  I went when the Centre was decorated for Christmas so in addition to the gorgeous glass walls and abstract chandeliers, there was a mammoth Christmas tree and other tasteful decorations that added to the Centre's appeal.The theater itself is HUGE.  I was seated on the Grand Tier (aka significantly far away from the stage) and the seats were still great.  The acoustics of the theater are incredible and make concerts a magical experience no matter how close (or far) you are from the performers. I would also like to note that the seats are splendidly comfortable and the ushers are as sweet as the sugar plum fairy. The parking situation wasn't terrible and we actually parked relatively close to the front door for $6 in the lot. Bring cash.  I hear the deck is dreadful to park in so try to get there a little extra early since they let the lot fill up before they start banishing people to the deck. Valet is also an option for $10.
<review# 376,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2013,11/13/2013,187,323,10,12,10>Thanks to Lindy F. about sixteen of us got together for for meatmania and as always Fogo met our expectations. Servers were on point and made sure that everyone has drinks and fresh plates, even the separate checks for a party that large was handled with ease.The salad bar alone is a thing of beauty with Items like Prosciutto, Asparagus, Hearts of Palm, Artichoke hearts and Cheeses it is easily the best salad bar in Atlanta in my opinion.Ah the meat Lamb chops, Filet, Pork ribs and Garlic beef were my favorites this evening and ate my share of all of them" thank goodness" this group doesn't judge hell here know one does, "more please" and "oh my god no more" are probably the most used used phrases here. If you have been you understand if not go and and you'll get it.
<review# 377,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2013,11/12/2013,159,524,6,6,3>This past Sunday I was advised by a street urchin outside the Murder Kroger that it was National Ice Cream Day. Following receipt of this revelation, I decided that it was my duty as a respectable citizen of this country to honor said holiday. Unfortunately, High Road was closed, I didn't have the desire to sit out in the rain at Brusters, and taking out a second mortgage to subsidize a visit to Morelli's was simply not an option. After weighing all potential options, I eventually ended up at Old Fourth Ward's newest dessert destination, Mister and Miss Einstein's. The primary takeaway of my first visit was that although the interior is appointed with furniture that looked like it was just procured from the curb of Boulevard following a tenant eviction, the ice cream is really quite good. Ice Cream: Mister and Miss Einstein offers a rotating assortment of approximately ten different ice cream flavors. The ice cream can be served in a dish or cone, or as a milkshake or ice cream sandwich. Cone options include waffle, sugar, and cake. I ordered a standard cup of pecans and cream, which was a vanilla based ice cream with candied pecans. Overall, I was very satisfied - the ice cream was perfectly creamy, the texture was spot-on, and the portion was extremely generous. Service: Very friendly. We were promptly greeted upon entry by the two girls behind the counter and assisted immediately - free samples of the available flavors were also offered. The staff also made a point of thanking us for our business as we were leaving, which seems to have become an archaic practice as of late for many Atlanta area businesses. Atmosphere: The interior of this place was really the only aspect that I found to be subpar. Although their website describes the place as "comfy and inviting", I think some more accurate adjectives would be "dilapidated and random". In particular, the furniture is old, grungy, and rickety - to the point where I didn't feel comfortable sitting down.  Cost: Reasonably priced. 1 scoop is $1.50, 2 scoops are $2.50, 3 scoops are $3.50, and 4 scoops are $5.50. Waffles cones (3 scoop) are $3.50, sugar cones (2 scoops) are $2.50, and cake cones (2 scoops) are $2.50. Milkshakes, smoothies, and ice cream sandwiches are $4.50. Other: The address of this place is somewhat misleading - the building is located at the corner of Edgewood and Randolph Streets, but the entrance is actually located on Randolph. The shop is closed on Monday. Hours of operation are Monday-Saturday, 12PM-9PM, and Sunday, 1PM-8PM. Only  street parking is available (non-metered).
<review# 378,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2013,11/11/2013,19,59,1,10,3>It was date night for me and my hubbie. I had read about Ford Fry opening in the old Nava location in buckhead so it was on my list. It has been open two days and has not even posted a website of marketing. Well...it did not deter the crowd or the service!! Everything was spot on from start to finish. This is true respect and skill to have a new place open with such precision and perfection. Truly a Ford Fry touch of magic!We sat at the bar. The bartenders excellent! Gina was awesome and recommend a great wine as well as a break down of the food..if you like to eat at the bar like we do this place will represent in every way.They remodeled it to such a high level and the outside area is fantastic. It is a scene to mingle after work as well as to build business.The finale and most important is the food...everything and I mean everything we had was excellent. The pop overs perfectly done, the burger didn't even have any condiments just the taste of the meat with the smoke finish of the onions, the beet and feta salad, and the Black Forest desert will transform how you think of Black Forest....hint hint can I say pepper ice cream and smoked cherries to entice you.Take your time and definitely enjoy yourself as this is a must on your to do list! If you have to mix business and pleasure sometimes this should be the next place for your power lunch as it is sure to impress!
<review# 379,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2013,11/10/2013,107,124,5,7,6>I'm so glad this place is here in place of Five Guys!  I just was not a fan of Five Guys.  Any hoo....Bought a Living Social, and was very happy!!  I got a double burger, fries, and a drink...FULL!  The patties weren't skimpy, loved the burger bar!!  Fries were overflowing, and DUH-licious!  The manager came around halfway through our meal, and asked how everything was.  I even got a free cone at the end of meal!!  That's good stuff!!!  Nice local addition!!  Will be back! :)
<review# 380,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2013,11/9/2013,28,217,4,7,6>Oh shiiiittt, one of the best sandwiches I've ever tasted. I got the croque monsieur (more aptly named crunk monster). I'm not even sure what all was in it, but my mouth waters just thinking about how good it was. I'm so lucky because I work within walking distance of this quaint little cafe. Even during a week day lunch, the restaurant was almost full. There's about 30-35 seats in the place, so I imagine the weekends can be difficult to get a seat.The service was also excellent. Very attentive and friendly. Even the manager was walking around and serving tables, asking how the food was, etc. Prices are going to range you about $8-12 per person (for lunch).They do have free wifi but it has a password on it. When I went, the password was madewithlove
<review# 381,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2013,11/8/2013,74,132,1,3,4>A nice little surprise in Ansley Mall.   I've eaten here twice now and I had a great dining experience both times.  Most recently I had a client here from Alpharetta for lunch.  She asked where should we eat?  Since this is near my job and it was good last time I figured it was a safe bet. Also, most people eat chicken.  I warned her "it's in a strip mall, but I assure you it's good. Anyway, there will be plenty of parking" .  When we walked in she said "oh , this place is cute!"  So a seal of my approval from my client. Our server was really friendly, answered all of our questions and kept our glasses full.  My lunch, chicken salad sliders , was awesome.  Three little sliders, they even had a slice of hard boiled egg in it.  Side of duck fat fries?  Yes please!  I'll definitely be back sooner than later. They even left $5 off coupons at my job, double win!
<review# 382,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2013,11/7/2013,144,95,7,13,10>Pierogies all the time, forever.   They serve them with caramelized onions and paper-thin sliced green apple.  with sour cream on top.  I make them at home now and we have an official family addiction. I just wish more brunch restaurants served them.Whoever it is that's putting all these breakfast non-breakfast things on the menu, I LOVE YOU.
<review# 383,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/25/2013,11/6/2013,82,163,2,8,5>The reason I'm writing this is because this has become my favorite BREAKFAST spot in Atlanta airport.Egg and Salmon plate - Comes with Scrambled eggs with avocado slices on top, variety potato bites (reg, purple, sweet), tiny croissant, and smoke salmon. The eggs are of higher quality then you will find at other places. The avocado adds a nice touch to tasting fresh. The potatoes are my favorite. Perfectly cooked - just the right amount of crisp and soft and flavorful. Smoke salmon is decent. Nothing to brag about. The reason I enjoy this dish so much is because after eating, I don't feel gross at all which I usually do after eating a chick fil a biscuit or some sort of breakfast sandwich at boars head. Definitely give this place a try if you are in Terminal B.
<review# 384,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2013,11/5/2013,40,126,3,4,4>This is my regular sushi spot whenever I am craving it. It's super good when it's half off Tuesday-Saturday. Which is pretty amazing since thats majority of the week. I always get the Crawfish roll, and the super crunch, sometimes i alternate with the rainbow roll. My favorite is the crawfish though, i guess because I never really see any other place that serves it. The volcano is also great, but its way to saucy for my tastes. There are alot of other wonderful rolls as well, but those are just the few i enjoy. Service is only great if it isn't busy, other than that not so bad.
<review# 385,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2013,11/4/2013,280,396,2,6,5>We arrived around 10:45 AM (they start serving lunch at 11), and we wanted to order a few things from the lunch menu, our server thought it would be okay, since 11 was only about 10 minutes away. However, she came back a few minutes later, saying that they couldn't do it, it had to be 11 AM on the dot. Oh well. It didn't really faze me, I was more impressed with the breakfast menu. (We also wanted to sit on the patio, but the hostess informed us that they don't allow seating outside.)I had the 'eggs benedict' for my entree, and it was good. Really good -  probably one of the best I've had yet. I love the added touch of the ground coffee - yum! The pimento cheese was also pretty damn good, and it tasted even better with the eggs benedict - definitely get it as a side. I also got to try the roasted potatoes - which were solid, they were nicely cooked and seasoned. Now, what happened at the end of my meal is the stuff of nightmares - I realized that I had left my wallet at home. Horrifying, right? The staff couldn't have been nicer - both, when I told them, and then when I returned to pay. Words can't say how much I appreciated their kindness, the last thing you want when you make a stupid mistake (such as leaving your wallet behind) is for someone to echo what you're already thinking -  basically you already feel like shit. They were great, good people.On that note, I shall happily return..I can't wait to try that elusive lunch menu. ;)
<review# 386,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2013,11/3/2013,102,272,3,5,3>I tried this place based on other Yelp reviews. Glad I did! I went on a Saturday afternoon and it was pretty steady. I quickly made it through the line. The employee was friendly and offered some ideas on which sandwich to try. I went with the Mexican sandwich and fries.  Yum yum yum! My sandwich was tasty and fresh, and the fries were nice and crispy with the perfect amount of salt. I could've eaten those fries all day. My only small complaint is there was way too much sauce on my sandwich which made for a messy sandwich-eating experience. Can't wait to go back to try a different sandwich and more fries.
<review# 387,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2013,11/2/2013,90,173,3,6,4>Seriously, I don't know why it took me this long to come here. Probably because I knew it would be deadly. IT'S SINFUL. The entire menu looks so dang delicious your mouth is watering before you order. In fact, my mouth is watering right now thinking about it. I got the Georgian (House Roasted Turkey, Housemade Local Peach + Poblano Compote, Goat Cheese, Organic Spring Mix, Tomatoes +Purple Onions on H+F Bread Co. Ciabatta). I started reading it on the menu and went YEAH OK GOAT CHEESE PEACHES TURKEY DONE.$10 for a sandwich and chips is completely affordable when the ingredients are fantastic and local. Walk around the bodega and look at all the goodies while you wait for your meal (it's hard to not want to buy EVERYTHING). I managed to resist, took my sammy home, and dove in. It was worth every bite, even those beyond when I was full! Great GREAT spot in the neighborhood!
<review# 388,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2013,11/1/2013,174,184,3,7,6>Barcelona has the ambiance and vibe of a somewhere that's not Atlanta. Like NYC or perhaps its namesake. The food, which is good, excellent bar and incomparable service, make it a place that folks should show off to out of town friends.I go to Barcelona whenever I need a cool night out. It's in the heart of Inman Park, away from L5P, and is an "it" place. (I've seen a couple of reality TV shows shot in the area and the glitterati of ATL come here from time to time.) Yet the crowd has a good mix of folks so you will not feel out of place, whenever you come.For starters, it's a tapas bar. Small Spanish style appetizers dominate the menu. This weekend, we went and had a couple of favorites: Patatas Bravas -- roasted potatoes with a red tomato based and aoli sauce. Normally, the Hangar Steak is a favorite, but this time we ordered a Braised Rib Short Hash. That was extremely tasty.  The Patatas were perfectly roasted and the sauce is just smoky genius. (In the past, I've also ordered the empanadas and the 3 cheese place. Stick with Manchego and the fig jelly, you cannot go wrong.)The Bar is excellent. You can count on a variety of top shelf liquor and well made drinks.But what sets this place apart, and I'm sure others will agree, is the service. I have never had a server that was not excellent, attentive and knowledgeable.Barcelona is that spot for a fun night (or day) out on the town. To have a good meal and feel like you've been somewhere special. Even when my choices on the menu have not been as good as others, I've always enjoyed my meal.
<review# 389,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2013,10/31/2013,122,259,7,8,10>I love a shack.  I love food.  I love this little hut and I love that it's on the way to my fav shopping destination...that being the Dekalb Farmer's Market. So what does this little gem serve up? Delish Caribbean treats, including the most savory and delicately flavored callaloo thdt I've ever had. Like ever. Ever. I love that you can get a veggie roti with any combination of the vegetables they serve, and, if you want, you can just get some roti skins to take home and fill with your own stuff. Their oxtails got a thumbs up from my mother, and my friend was thrilled with her grilled tilapia (which wasn't cheap, but it was a huge portion).  They have the requisite assortment of patties and drinks, plus all sorts of jerk.  Friendly people work here, and if you can stand the heat, you can sit right outside and devour your treats immediately. So...stop driving by this little hut. Let the ever present smoker draw you in and leave happy.  Just don't do it on Mondays when they're closed!
<review# 390,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2013,10/30/2013,89,103,5,10,9>This restaurant stole my heart..and my stomachI was stressed that it had been over-hyped or that I wasn't classy enough to love the more adventurous items but 10 minutes in I knew that all those worries were for nothing and that this meal was going to be a lot of fun!I had no problems getting a reservation, I left a message and received a call back in 24 hours. We got there and were seated immediately, Gunshow brilliantly makes their seating strategy seem very laid back and nonchalant. Bonus points for that. All of the chefs were cooking away in the open kitchen(100 bonus points for my favorite restaurant feature). We had menu-keeper who explained the concept and the timeline and right behind him we had a great waiter who took our drink orders. Less than a minute after that, we were offered our first appetizer. It was delightful and from there, my dinner companion and I were off to the races..but in an awesome way. This concept definitely isn't for everyone, but I found it to be a lot of fun. The nature of the space makes it a tad noisy and introverts may not like the banquet style tables that the parties of two get seated at but I loved it. It was enough space to not overhear conversations but close enough to spy on what your neighbors were eating. Win\Win.I had the best burger of my life(sorry H&F), lamb and moussaka, risotto, rabbit ravioli and an array of other delicious small plates followed by the sticky toffee pudding for dessert. While I certainly had my favorite dishes, I didn't regret one thing I ordered.The staff was amazing, from the table side jokes the chefs cracked to the cooperative spirit of the waiters, it really seemed like an authentically joyful environment. It's pricey, but this is the kind of experience you want to spend the $ on. Do yourself a favor and book a table, you will be so very glad you did. Well done Gunshow, you're making Atlanta that much more wonderful.
<review# 391,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2013,10/29/2013,1772,1772,10,32,17>First, it was LeRoy's Fried Chicken.  Then, it was Curly's Fried Chicken.  Now, it's Ben's Brown Bag.  What's with this space?  I hope it's not cursed.  I liked LeRoy's and Curly's and now I like Ben's.  Hopefully, Ben will be here to stay.Ben's Brown Bag opened April 2013 in the take-out spot next to La Fonda.  Ben's looks exactly like LeRoy's and Curly's once did, save for a different storefront sign, wall menu, and color scheme (red, yellow, brown/burnt orange).  Everything else looks to be the same including limited outdoor seating, no restrooms, and limited parking.Speaking of parking, there are a few spots directly in front of the restaurant that are marked for 15 minutes max.  This is presumably for pick-ups, which is mainly what this place is intended for.  You *could* try to park in the spacious La Fonda lot in the back (La Fonda and Ben share the same landlord) or, if it's the weekend or after hours, at the law office next door.  Do so at your own risk.  The less risky option is to street park in unmarked spaces along either 11th St. NW (near Six Feet Under) or Edgehill Ave. NW (near the Humane Society).Ben's menu is small and straightforward.  The specialties are sloppy joes, hamburgers, BLTs (bacon, lettuce, tomato), pork sandwiches, and PB&J sandwiches (peanut butter and jelly).  There are a variety of toppings (cheese, relish, bacon, etc.) and the only sides are fries.  The menu says "fries," but they're actually potato chips.  Chips come in a variety of flavors.Sandwiches and burgers and only $5 each, but the toppings seem a bit pricey at $2-3 each.  Ben classifies his food as "fast food" and that's what this stuff essentially is, packed in a large brown bag with a printed smiley face and your name written on it.  Just like mom used to do?  For fast food, though, the ingredients are a definite step up.  The bread is baked fresh and the meat is Brasstown (NC) beef, antibiotic and hormone free.It's comfort food, plain and simple.  I recommend the hamburger or sloppy joe.  The sloppy joe is my favorite -- soft, lightly toasted bun filled with savory sloppy joe meat.  The meat is not as finely ground and "smooth" as most sloppy joe meat I've eaten.  Instead, it's got a slightly thicker and chunkier consistency.  The sandwich is full of flavor and delicious.  For a sloppy joe, it's not too terribly messy to eat and the bun holds everything together relatively well.The fries (chips) aren't bad and the portion sizes are generous.  They are $2 a tray.  Fry/chip seasonings include cajun, sour cream & cheddar, sea salt and vinegar, and sour cream and onion.  I've tried both the sour cream & cheddar and sea salt and vinegar -- tasty little suckers.  Ben personally recommends the sour cream & cheddar.  The potatoes are deep-fried and seasoned.  Some of the potato slices/chips are crispier than others.  I like the ones that puff out from the center.  They're softer and pack more flavor.Beverages ($2) include Mexican Coke (in a glass bottle), lemonade, sweet tea, and Kool-Aid.  The lemonade is money.  Not too sweet and ultra refreshing with the crushed ice.Ben works on-site and may be the person who serves and/or cooks your order.  Sometimes, orders do not come out so fast, with wait times upwards of 15 minutes.  Credit cards are accepted, though I'm not sure if there's a minimum.Overall, I like Ben's Brown Bag and am happy it opened.  It's a good place to swing by for a quick lunch or dinner on the way home from work.
<review# 392,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/26/2012,10/28/2013,163,191,9,11,8>Stopped by here to see what it was all about. When I arrived I was one of only 5 other people (including staff) in the joint, I guess I was early.  Pretty good selection of games, most of which I never knew existed.  Tried my talents at Ms. Pacman. So what do I do here?  Eat the ghosts or avoid them? Wait, but only when Im blinking? Well, how long to do I remain blinking? What's the bouncing food for if I eat the ghosts? You mean I can go to the other side with that portal thingy!?  I think I ask way too many questions for this stuff to make sense to me.   Amazingly enough, I can chew gum and walk at the same time but getting this little yellow animated dissected pie chart with a bow to do what I want is nearly impossible.  It was only after my enlistment onto X-men(4-player game) that I was able to make it past the first round!! My older brother can attest to my handicap; Im just not good at video games.  But its okay because it didnt matter, I had a really fun time despite my deficiency!  JGB comes equipped with a full bar and based on the feedback from friends, is staffed with a generous bar keep.  JGB is also not very large and later in the evening it fills to awkward standing room only.  It was good though, the tight quarters added to the atmosphere when coupled with the sporadic outbursts of expletives and groans of loss.  They keep a top score record on one of the walls... wow! I wonder how many quarters folks used to get those scores. You can park on the street for free after 7pm or you can park on the gravel lot to the left of the building.  To get to the lot you have to go around the backside of the block.
<review# 393,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/27/2012,10/27/2013,84,178,7,8,3>My friends and I ended up here for a birthday dinner upon discovering there was an hour-long wait at Leon's. And thank goodness for that. I've been wanting to try this place, but had been hesitant due to the price point and complaints about the noise level. Here's a rundown of what I sampled:Toasts: The tomato and ricotta I had was good. There was a sweet potato one I tried that was surprisingly tangy, like there was some balsamic vinegar mixed in.Meat & cheese: We had a goat cheese from Spain and a prosciutto from I-don't-remember-where. Both were delicious.  I could have done with a few thousand more slices of the cheese. But then, I'm sort of obsessed with goat cheese, so my assessment may be biased. But I don't think it is. Yummmm.Agnolotti: Stuffed with pumpkin, the flavor was delicate, and wonderfully savory with a bit of sweetness. Gnocchi: Ehhhh I'd never had gnocchi before, so I don't know how it's ~supposed~ to taste, but it wasn't my favorite. I mean, it was okay, but I probably wouldn't order it. It came with mushrooms and Asian pork meatballs, which I did not try. Salami pizza: Ooh this was a good one. The salami, red onions, feta, and olives were excellent together. The banana peppers were a bit spicy!Margherita pizza: Didn't have the strong, assertive flavors of the salami pizza, but we enjoyed it. The dough on the pizzas is pretty good. Unfortunately, the edges of the crust of the margherita were completely black. A bit of a detraction, but did not affect the overall taste of the pizza. Hazelnut meringue cake: A bit disappointing. It was just wasn't as flavorful as I was hoping. The meringue was fine, but the hard cookie bottom part was kind of blah. The cherry compote it came with, though, was delicious. The house red wine (the name of which I couldn't possibly remember)  was light-bodied and quite pleasant. The house prosecco was good and dry. Service was great. Our server was friendly and helpful. This is a restaurant I will be sure to try again. I was pleasantly surprised to find that I could totally eat here without my wallet hating me afterward. There are definitely some pricier options that you may want to save for the occasional splurge. But the margherita pizza rang in at $12, which was a relief for this perpetually broke girl. The noise? Yeah, it's loud. But not so loud to keep me from coming back.Free parking after 5pm on weekdays and all day on weekends in the courthouse parking garage on the corner of Commerce and Trinity. It's a slight trek across the Square to No. 246, but it's free and guaranteed, so suck it up because seriously, no one forced you to wear those heels.Is this review long enough? I think so!TL;DR: Food is good, and there are options for broke folk! Also, goat cheese is awesome.
<review# 394,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2013,10/26/2013,157,447,4,6,5>An early lunch may be the best time to get acquainted with Eclipse Di Luna. It's relatively quiet, and the tapas come out quickly. Nicole, our excellent server, was friendly, great with menu suggestions, and most importantly, kept our water and ice tea glasses filled.All the food our table ordered was good, but my favorites were the Esparragos Asados con Limon (grilled asparagus with sherry vinegar and toasted marcona almonds) and the flan. I haven't had a flan this good in a long while. Topped with a delicious light caramel sauce and served with an orange slice, it was a very nice end to a memorable meal.Other dishes I can recommend from the gluten free menu are the Costillas Espanolas - Spanish style ribs in an aged balsamic vinaigrette - and the Pimientos Rellenos con Queso de Cabra - yummy piquillo peppers stuffed with honey goat cheese. To be GF, these are baked, not fried. I'm guessing the fried ones are even better, though maybe not for your waistline. The papas bravas my dining companion ordered looked amazing, but alas, I could not taste them. In fact, all the fried dishes that went by our table looked - and smelled - quite tasty.I am absolutely coming back for dinner, so I can enjoy a few adult libations with the excellent tapas served at Eclipse Di Luna. It's a great place to bring a group of friends, order up a tableful of tapas, and have some fun!Parking is plentiful in the wide open lot next to the restaurant. Located at the very end of Miami Circle, be sure to keep going when you reach the roundabout. Drive straight to the back and you'll find it.
<review# 395,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2013,10/25/2013,164,270,2,6,6>I can't think of one single thing not perfect about our dinner tonight. We were sat relatively fast for a Friday night, I'd say a 20 minute wait. Our server, Dena, was great, and she was pleasantly attentive. We ordered the Korean Fried Chicken, which were nicely spicy for me, although too spicy for my wife, who is a wimp. I ordered the Shoyu Tamago, which turned out to be one of my favorite dishes I've had in Atlanta. The way the yolk played with the crunchy rice was perfect. I also had the seared bay scallops, with mushrooms and the scallops were perfectly cooked. My wife also had the miso soup, which she loved. I also had a cocktail, the Nether Netherland, and it was tasty. The service was great, the food was great, and the drinks were great. I saw absolutely nothing wrong with any of the meal. Top notch.
<review# 396,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2013,10/24/2013,122,53,3,4,3>I came here over the weekend to get a clean up. The decor is black, white, and red. Very clean, very nice. Each time I've gone I get a different employee working on me and I haven't had a bad experience with anyone. I've never experienced a super long wait, but I've waited maybe 5 minutes to be serviced in the past each visit. They also have a Shapes Brow Bar kiosk downstairs near Express if you don't want to wait too long, but I'd rather wait sitting down in the store than standing around a kiosk.    They have a sign in at the registers and you'd think they'd actually use it. Instead of calling the next person's name, they'd ask "Who's next?". What's the purpose of having people sign in if you're just going to do that?    Anywoo, I always like the job that the ladies do. You should try it#Yelp100
<review# 397,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2013,10/23/2013,8,92,34,11,11>Despite getting the most thorough pat down I have ever received in my life I had a blast.  Seriously, first time in my life a 260lb man cupped the balls.We went there in a mixed group for a bachelor party.  The place wasn't overly smoky and there were a lot of dancers of all types and tastes.  I think everyone in our group found a few ladies they bought multiple dances from.  Parking was $20, we were in a Range so they put us right up front.  We went there after dinner and were a bit before the rush so I think getting in was $20.  Drinks were expensive for meh alcohol but I haven't been in any club that doesn't bend you over for booze so its tough to knock them on that. The bachelor, despite this being his first "black" club also had a blast.  He is kind of awkward so if he can cut loose at a place then you know its legit.  The only problem we had is he was adamant on going to the Pink Pony, which was overcrowded, understaffed and smoky as hell.  Made us miss the Onyx even more.  We will be back here for the next sucker who decides to get married.
<review# 398,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2013,10/22/2013,128,114,1,7,4>I decided to drip in one afternoon and boy oh boy...I did not know I was setting myself up for such a treat. I had intentions to get a pizza however, after the waitress suggested her favorite the Stromboli. After my order came out...folks behind me were inquiring what I ordered...one guy actually came to me and asked me what was it I ordered cause it was smelled so good. Needles to say 2 people from their table ordered a Stromboli. It was the best Italian food I have in Atlanta thus far. Cant wait to be in the area again so, I may revisit.
<review# 399,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/31/2013,10/21/2013,354,392,6,7,9>The second I read Memphis BBQ tofu on their menu I texted my sisters, we HAVE to check this out as soon as humanly possible!!   See, we've had the best- RP Tracks in Memphis  is WORLD FAMOUS for their BBQ tofu (no, seriously, look at their website) and we've eaten there a hundred times.  So we were dying to see how a spot nearby stacked up.When we walked in the next day we seated ourselves and we all kind of looked at each other- is the floor sticky to you? - YES.  It was super sticky.  But we grew up in Memphis where everythang is sticky, no worries.After a second inspection of the menu we found that they actually have a pretty decent veg/vegan selection for a BBQ joint, nice!  When we got our BBQ tofu sandwiches they looked delicious and like someone around here knows how to work that tofu.  The sauce was pretty good, very close to the real deal, but we weren't digging the bread.  It was good, but a bun would've been better.  Refer to my photo.I have to say, it was damned tasty, the prices were decent, and I'll definitely go again.  But now I really miss Memphis and my Tracks.
<review# 400,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2013,10/20/2013,44,75,2,7,3>This is a new restaurant that has only been open for about 2 months now. It is amazing where they are given such a short time to be open but the quick summary is that not a single plate had any food left on it and the service was very good.At the table we started with the mussles and the warm kale salad and I have to say that they were both excellent. The mussles had an amazing broth with big cubes of bacon and diced onions and garlic and the kale salad was also great as you dont find many restaurants that do a warm kale salad.For main courses we each tried something different including the grilled chicken, pork tenderloin and the arctic char. I personally ordered the pork tenderloin and it was cooked perfectly. Most restaurants overcook this cut of pork but not 1Kept. I would honestly reccomend any of these main courses.Service was awesome and although our server was not as attentive as I would have hoped when it came to refilling the wine glasses, his personality and attention to the table overall was awesome. We even had a chance to meet the owner and share our excellent experience with him.Lastly, the prices are extremely reasonable and it makes you wonder why sometimes we pay more for less at other restaurants. I will absolutely be going back to 1Kept in the very near future and am excited to try more items on their menu.
<review# 401,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2013,10/19/2013,13,97,13,12,9>OMG you guys. Edgewood's hot new source of pickle-based shots is MOTHER. This place has everything: girls with mohawks wearing night shorts and calling things "cray," ladyboys in terrycloth headbands eating dill-spiked mayonnaise with straws, Macklemore--you know, the thing where a white guy raps over a pretty good horn section about wearing clothes you gave to Goodwill last week? (I am totally not kidding. He was there.)The passel of dudes who run this place include the two guys who run Beep Beep, a teensy and superfantastic gallery in Poncey-Highlands which I've reviewed separately. Mother is relatively spacious, with an upper floor (bar + DJ/dance space + exciting red lighting fixtures) and a lower floor (bar + booths + back deck). The design aesthetic is brick-and-timberish, with Edison bulbs and etc.--not unlike the nearby Sound Table. Although I've been there exactly once--they opened tonight--I can say that at least so far, the bar service is relatively fast despite the crush. I ordered a whiskey and got a stiff pour, made exactly as ordered, in an actual glass (extra points for classy!). For what it's worth, there seemed to be fewer people waiting for service at the upstairs bar. The crowd was pretty mixed, with a nice, friendly vibe despite the broad prevalence of questionable fashion sense. The fries were pretty tasty (DO NOT IGNORE THE DILL MAYO). The music upstairs is ironic pop and beatsy dance, and people were getting down in a completely serious and kind of awesome way.Go. You will meet fun people, and you will not smell like a pack of cigarettes at the end of the night.
<review# 402,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2013,10/18/2013,40,147,2,6,2>HOW DID I GO SO LONG WITHOUT THIS IN MY LIFE?!I grew up here and I'm ashamed to say this is my first time at a La Fonda, but boy was it worth the wait. Somehow the small space comes off as cozy rather than cramped and some amazing Cuban food was definitely what we needed on a chilly January day. I split the seafood paella with one of our friends, my husband had the Cuban sandwich, and our other friend chicken enchiladas. We also all went in on some guacamole and maduros (plantains).I probably could have made a meal out of guacamole and maduros alone, MAN I'm drooling just thinking about the maduros! Perfectly cooked, no burnt pieces, and sooooo delicious. The guacamole was fresh and tasty, a perfect addition.The paella for two was enormous and we were absolutely stuffed by the end-- there was SO much seafood in it, not just a couple of shrimp and a few pieces of sausage like you get some places. My husband declared the Cuban sandwich the best one he's had since he went to Miami as a kid (and trust me, he's been looking!) and we didn't hear a peep out of our friend with the enchiladas until her plate was clean. Also, the staff was great-- they were patient, and flexible. I really enjoyed that a couple of families had put their kids at a separate table due to space constraints (four adults at one, four kids at another) and not only were the kids very polite to the staff, but the staff wasn't treating them like, "Oh, great, a table of kids." Very refreshing on all sides!I'm definitely going back, and would love to visit some of the other locations as well. YUM!
<review# 403,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2013,10/17/2013,4,144,5,7,5>4th and Swift is quite expensive, and I am totally okay with it.  From start to finish, the service was impeccable and made me feel like I was the only important person in the place.  Dare I say, best service in Atlanta?The food was equally impressive. From the app to the entree to the dessert to the drinks, everything was top notch.I will definitely be back, as soon as I make some more money.
<review# 404,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2013,10/16/2013,21,168,3,7,2>Ambiance, elegance, excellent service, attentive staff, accommodating, friendly, exclusive, delicious, creative, romantic... One of my top places to eat.  I have never had a bad experience here.  Great for special occasions, this is one of the finest establishments in Atlanta.  It's suitable for special occasions I've been for Birthdays and anniversaries in the past.  I see business dinners happening, but my mind doesn't work that way. i.e. no romantic evenings with the guys from NY...This ranks in the top places to eat in Atlanta.  You can pay a bit more, but you don't get a much improvement for your dollar.  In other words, this is about as good as it gets. I like sitting near the fire place.  They have a raised "balcony" area the corner table there is nice.  It can be slightly noisy - if you plan to have long conversations try to avoid the middle seats.My only complaint, years ago when this was Hedge Rows Heights, you could pre order a chocolate soufflé to be cooked while you ate the main course... This was one of the best desserts on the planet.  Now only available as cooked by my wife.Reservations are highly recommended. Valet parking is available next to the building. It's a small lot.One of my pet peeves - diners underdressed for the restaurant - doesn't seem to occur here.The menu changes daily so I will not attempt much by way of description.Some of my past favorites -Venison medallions with cooked grapes was just unbelievable - this from a few years back.  We recently had some of the best crab cakes imaginable as an appetizer.  I love good scallops, and can cook a killer meal with a grapefruit reduction - Aria served a scallop dish that was memorable enough to keep in my increasingly dysfunctional mind.   I had a grouper entrée recently that, again, was some of the best fish I ever ate... The wine list is substantial... quite substantial.  If you want to impress someone with an expensive bottle of Cab... you can do so here with ease.  They have reasonably priced bottles also.Their bar is creative, if you are so inclined, if you are early and want to waste some time, etc...The place is expensive but not overpriced... It's worth your money.
<review# 405,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/5/2013,10/15/2013,397,329,3,3,3>I have a major sweet tooth and have always been a fan of cupcakes. One of my biggest pregnancy cravings lately has been cupcakes. I just can't seem to eat enough cupcakes! Thank goodness I don't have gestational diabetes! Knowing that I've been craving cupcakes like crazy, my gf served them at my baby shower this past weekend. She's told me about cloud 9 cupcakes but I never got around to trying them. I got to try the strawberry cupcake and the red velvet cupcake this past weekend. I'm a fan of both. Both cakes were super moist and delicious! The frosting to cake ratio was well balanced and the frosting wasn't overwhelmingly sweet! I had a few cupcakes leftover from the shower and put them in the fridge. They stayed moist even after a few days of being in the fridge! I'm definitely a fan of this place and can't wait to try the other flavors!
<review# 406,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2013,10/14/2013,18,43,2,5,5>Best ice cream I've ever had.  I'm assuming this is made of natural ingredients, because I've never had ice cream this perfect with such perfect texture.  I've driven across town in bad traffic on an obsessive run to get the Chocolate Slap Yo Mama and Chocolate Peanut Butter.  Strawberry Fields is also incredible.  It used to be a little difficult to find, because locations kept changing, but the Irwin Street address has lasted for several years now, and I hope it continues.  And, now they deliver inside the perimeter, so it really couldn't get any better.
<review# 407,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2013,10/13/2013,105,50,6,11,8>As a New Orleanian, currently living in Atlanta, I was ecstatic when I first heard Buffalo Exchange was finally coming into town! Every time I go home to New Orleans (about once a month) and anywhere else I traveled to, I always make sure that I stop into a Buffalo Exchange. I would definitely call myself an avid Buffalo Exchange shopper. I live for Buffalo Exchange! The Atlanta location is definitely one of the better ones and probably my top favorite over the New York and Chicago stores as far as with high end labels, fashionable and knowledgeable employees and sometimes a in- store DJ on the weekends. Here you will find tons of Custo Barcelona, Alice + Olivia, Marc Jacobs, Jeremy Scott, rare vintage gems and tons of other great designers! This is definitely the place to go to if you are looking for a one of a kind costume for Halloween. This place is all about having a fun shopping experience! If you are looking for amazing vintage, used and new clothes at a great price and in almost impeccable condition, definitely come check out this store! There is something here for everyone in Buffalo Exchange. Although Buffalo is similar to Rag o Rama as far as the Buy Sell Trade concept, Buffalo actually has wearable clothes that are so cool and in great condition, whereas Rag o Rama is definitely more costumey and they'll take anything with stains or holes in it. Rag o Rama is more about buying stuff that looks cool no matter the condition.My first trip to the Buffalo Exchange Atlanta store, I left with 3 amazing vintage coats for $80. You really can't get any better than that!I love Buffalo Exchange because I love taking home cool, trendy clothes that I didn't break the bank for and almost always have the most amazing conversations with the employees and/or customers about fashion. What's even better about Buffalo Exchange is that by buying used clothes is that you are saving the environment, preventing sweatshop and child labor, and also able to give back to a local charity if you do not accept a bag for your purchase. Viva la Buffalo Exchange!
<review# 408,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2013,10/12/2013,117,675,2,8,2>Three of us dined here for the first time in December, while Kevin Gillespie was still in the kitchen.  Did it matter.....I don't know.  While we all enjoyed our food, we also weren't blown away.  There's only so much hype can do to heighten your dining experience.There was one significant negative experience, which I brought to the manager's attention, and to their credit they took care of the problem immediately.  Rarely have I complained about a server, but he had such a condescending attitude and I didn't want to endure his attitude.  The manager replaced our server with another and server # 2 was terrific.  Management later comped us on our dessert.Octopus appy, trout appy were a good way for the three of us to get started.  We ordered a bottle of wine, $62, and then three glasses toward the end, at reasonable prices $13/glass.Mains: Grouper, Duck & Pork Loin were very good, @ $31.  Sides were $6.Everything was positive such that I'd return.
<review# 409,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2013,10/11/2013,209,595,1,6,5>I've never had a cro-nut, the newest food fad to hit NYC, but I've now had a doughsaant and I have to say that I'm a fan.  The Cake Hag ladies only make a limited number each Tuesday and you have to reserve them ahead of time.  They are $2.50 per and you have either a 6 or 12 doughssant option. Flavors are as follows: Brandied Peach / Caramel Bacon filled with vanilla bean pastry cream, Chocolate topping filled with chocolate mousse and Blackberry compote filled with banana pudding cream.  Cash only for doughssants.  First time I have had anything from Cake Hag and I have to say it was quite delicious.  I have had only the blackberry topped doughssant (the others are being saved for my nephews BIRTHday party), but the flavors were fantastic and I love that there were chunks of fresh blackberries in the compote.  The only issue I see with Cake Hags doughssants as they stand now is that since they are still warm when the topping is placed upon them the dough gets slightly soggy in certain areas.  Still amazing, but I would love to see one that is just pastry dough with filling. I would also love to see the Cake Hag ladies take their creations to some of the local farmers markets like LTB or Revolution does.  I would pick one of these guys any day over revolutions doughnuts.Now that I've had Cake Hags doughssants I must say that I can't wait to delve into their cake menu.  If they are as good as these hybrids than I know I wont be disappointed.
<review# 410,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2013,10/10/2013,342,294,3,9,6>Amura is a welcome addition to the Buckhead business community. Originally based in Orlando, this is Amura's first location outside of Florida. I'm glad they picked a spot within walking distance from my office. For those of y'all driving, they offer free valet (but be sure to tip your driver).For our weekly Friday lunch outing, my coworker and I rallied the troops to come check out Amura. We picked up a menu earlier in the week and were excited to check out the bento box lunch special.When our troop arrived, the host was a bit taken aback at 7 people. It took a few minutes for the staff to put a table together for us. We eventually nestled into a comfy corner banquette. Our server Michelle was fantastic. The whole team took turns refilling drinks, and my water glass was rarely less than half full.Amura's ambiance is on point. They were able to retain some of the decor from MF and this place is swanky but (unlike MF) with reasonable prices. Most of us ordered the Deluxe Bento Box which for $15 came with a helping of Orange Blossom Chicken, Shinto Trio (a mix of chicken, beef and shrimp with scallions), fried rice, a tempura shrimp, spring roll, plus 4 pieces of Spicy Tuna Roll. It was enough for two meals, and everything was delicious. The only reason I can't give Amura that 5th star is because of the wait. For our party of 7, it took more than 40 minutes from the time we were sat to get our bento boxes.Granted there was another large party in front of us, and the manager did come over to apologize for the wait, but if Amura is going to make it in the A-town, they need to learn how to handle multiple parties of more than 6 people (can you imagine the large groups who will flock here before a night out?) plus get the lunch crowd in-and-out in an hour. That being said, I will be back to Amura for lunch again. The bento box was worth the wait. Oh, and they have massive sushi boats complete with sails. I want to build a sushi armada.
<review# 411,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2013,10/9/2013,789,691,6,6,7>Seafood paella. I remember having my first ever paella at the La Fonda on Roswell Rd back in the early 90s. I fell in love and no paella has ever compared. Ok so I've never experienced paella in Spain so that gives you an idea what my standard is :) I ordered seafood paella at the Howell Mill Rd location ... in fact I don't think I'd order anything else at La Fonda. PAELLA DEL MAR - $19.95 for 2Yellow rice cooked w/ salmon, shrimp, calamari, scallops, mussels, green pepper, onion, pimentos, and clam juice. Sure I wish there were more seafood but I was still happy. All the seafood tasted good (although calamari and scallops are a little wimpy), and the rice haha was even tastier ... addicting actually. If you like spicy, add just a sprinkle of the habanero sauce to give some kick. But seriously the portion is HUGE. I shared with Atiyah T and we had enough leftovers for 2 more meals. I'm thinking the serving is more like paella for 3 or 4, and I'm guessing the paella for 1 is more like paella for 2. If you go for lunch, go early. It got packed quickly and we saw lines.FYI - parking available in the front and back.
<review# 412,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2013,10/8/2013,46,195,2,7,7>Wow, Decatur, you just keep impressing me with your restaurants.My boyfriend and I came here for the 2-year anniversary of our first date (aww!) and we were seriously wowed.We ate sharing-style (duh, this is a tapas place). Our waiter (Jason) was super friendly and the service overall was impeccable. About 0.005 seconds after we noticed that our table was a little wobbly, a staff member swooped in and fixed it for us.I drank a glass of the least expensive cava and it was nice- sweet at first with a very dry finish. Interesting and complex, especially for a $7 glass of bubbly. My boyfriend drank the house red- a Castillo- that complemented the food really well and he enjoyed it a lot.We ate: -Ensalada de Marcona: Butter lettuce, Marcona almonds, Griottes cherries, shaved Manchego cheese, shaved salchichon, caramelized parsnips, crispy shallots, champagne vinaigretteI really liked how they split this into two portions for us to share :). It was perfect. I don't really know what else to say about it. Fresh and remarkable.-Pork Cheek Tacos: Slow roasted pork cheeks, fire roasted corn salsa, avocado crema, arugula, fresh limeThese were deep-fried taco shells, very crispy and oily. The pork cheek was shredded and chewy, the avocado crema was nice, but I feel like maybe cilantro instead of the arugula would have done well? Honestly they were delish though. The plate came with four small tacos.-Esparragos: Grilled green asparagus, poached farm egg, Meyer Lemon Hollandaise, crispy Serrano, shaved Abrigo cheese, black pepperThis was ridiculously delicious. Pop the poached egg, get it nice and sloppy with the hollandaise sauce, and enjoy the veggies underneath. Also ask for some of their bread to sop up the rest of the yolky/saucy goodness.-Braised Veal Shank Ravioli: Handmade ravioli, stuffed with slow braised veal shank, served with a Rioja-cream sauce, black truffle crème fraiche, white truffle oil, roasted shitake mushrooms, fresh thymeOh my oh my, they make this fresh, and although the plate only comes with two ravioli, it's rich enough and complex enough to be just enough for two people.-Carne de Cerdo Flatbread: Braised pork shoulder, fromage blanc, Medjool dates, lavender honey, charred fennel, tomato, candied walnuts, parsleyThis put us over the edge, fullness wise, and we loved every bite. Complex, interesting, unique, the "bread" part was a crisp oily cracker type thing, incredibly thin, the perfect delivery mechanism for what was on top.And for dessert: -Flourless Chocolate Cake: with Dulce di leche gelato, kalimotxo, mintI can't really say enough good things about this. If you like chocolate desserts, get this.Also, our total bill including drinks was only $64. Perhaps it's because we are recent NYC transplants, but we were so surprised/confused that we checked the bill twice to make sure there wasn't a big omission of some sort. Nope, Atlanta is just a reasonably priced city. Cool.We left stuffed, satisfied, and the romantic atmosphere was perfect for our celebration.Thank you Iberian Pig!
<review# 413,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2013,10/7/2013,21,89,4,7,4>Best Gyro in Atlanta.  Hands down, no debate.  This is definitely a no frills place, it's just down and dirty great food.  If you find yourself in the area or even if you don't (we frequently drive 15-20 minutes just to satisfy a gyro craving), this place is an absolute must try. I always get the gyro all the way without onions plus feta cheese.  It is INCREDIBLE.  The amount of meat, sauce, veggies and feta they stuff into the pita is ridiculous.  The other item that's a must-try - the Greek Fries.  Thick, crispy, perfectly cooked and seasoned potato wedges are the perfect companion to the gyro.  If you feel like eating it hot and not letting your food get soggy on the trip back home you can eat on the two tables that are outside.  Bring some drinks with you sit outside and enjoy the best gyro you can have in the ATL.All in all this place is simply legit.  LOVE IT!
<review# 414,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2013,10/6/2013,11,189,2,6,5>This is far and away my pick for best steak house in Atlanta. Like any good restaurant, the bar is excellent and you should arrive early enough to enjoy a cocktail at it. This last visit included shrimp cocktail and oysters as appetizers (we were a group of 5). Both were a delight.We then split the dry aged steak for two. It arrives on a platter and is precut to allow for easy serving to multiple people. I think it is a tenderloin cut or maybe t-bone... It was really good and I like the dry age flavor but my preference is to get the large fillet and split it.The sides are family style. You should at least get the jalapeno and creamed corn because it is the house specialty and not to be missed. We also chose the mashed potatoes, mushrooms and twice baked potatoes. Except for the twice baked potatoes, it was excellent. The twice baked potato was a little too plain for my taste.Finally, the dessert was a baked alaska and it was also memorable.Can't say enough good things about the wait staff. Just friendly, down to earth, and attentive. We enjoyed our visit very much.
<review# 415,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2013,10/5/2013,24,342,3,6,8>Excellent restaurant experience - five stars. Awesome food and great service.We had a large party with a private room. First off, our servers were very attentive to people as they came in over a period of about 20 to 25 minutes rather than waiting for all of us to arrive before taking drink and water orders. I like that. And the service continued to be appropriately attentive throughout our three hours there. Our entrees were all served at the same time. I've found sometimes with a large party, the kitchen can't get all the orders out at the same time. Didn't happen here. This is a good place for a private party dinner.I wanted to order just about everything off the menu - it all looked good. Fortunately, with a large party, we could get lots of appetizers and share. I especially liked the housemade sausage app, but they were all good.For an entree, I was torn between the beef rib ravioli and a striped bass special. Given that I may come back, I went with the special and was not disappointed. Well cooked, seasoned and presented. And it was a large enough portion that with the appetizers and a Caesar salad, I left the restaurant well fed.Absolutely nothing to complain about.
<review# 416,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2013,10/4/2013,135,560,3,3,3>I do dig this place. I almost was afraid to come due to the bad-to-mediocre reviews, but the rooftop/ open balcony scene they have was very enticing and since we are new to the place and has been on this 'new restaurant binge,' we gave this place a shot and we enjoyed it! I do see how on the decor alone, that this place is automatically sending a message for you to "expect high end." We enjoyed the place but didn't really buy into the 'high end' gig. We first opted to go upstairs - it was a bit busy especially with the live guitarist singing, so we ended up waiting quite a bit. We sat down on a dirty table, and we ended up cleaning it ourselves. When the waitress arrived, she took the plates we stacked for her and didn't even bother to wipe our table. Meh, no biggie. Chips and this caramelized onion and something something salsa dip was quite interesting to me. I couldn't stop eating it. We ordered a bloody Mary for $5 since that was their special for the night ... after about 10-15 minutes sitting, we decided to go downstairs - why? IT WAS SO DAMN LOUD. For it to be an outside balcony and just have ONE guy on an acoustic guitar singing, that place was annoyingly, senselessly, relentlessly loud. The guitar guy had that thing so loud, that people couldn't hear themselves and each other, so they speak louder, then the people on the other table speaks even louder because they couldn't hear themselves above the overly loud music and the loud table, and then thus the vicious cycle appears, and we couldn't stand it any longer.When we go downstairs, we finally have some peace and a piece of good food! Hubby and we ordered the Burrito Cinco for $11. We told the waiter we are going to split it and he was caring enough to have it sliced in the kitchen and given to us in separate plates. Little details folks. lol. Then we also had a chicken quesadilla that cam with a guacamole and lettuce salad. It was good, but nothing too significant for us. The Burrito Cinco was delicious! I like how they have this twist of different flavor to it, but at the end, i was able to determine their 'secret' ingredient ... and i thought, "brilliant twist!" In the end, the customer service was slow, but the food was good, ambiance good, and prices fair. It's worth it to check it out at least once. Im gonna come back again :)
<review# 417,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2013,10/2/2013,162,58,5,9,6>"Finally! A bomb a$$ wings spot in Buckhead/Lindbergh...I'm there!" is what I said when I saw this place. This area is known for mediocre chain fast food restaurants and discount stores and less known for good food. When Wings 101 opened, that all changed.Food here is delicious! You'll find both bone and boneless wings in a variety of sauces, over 20 I believe. My favorite is the boneless wings in the hot and honey garlic sauces. Ask to have 2 flavors and they'll happily split your order. I haven't tried anything other than their wings but I know they have gyros, fish, burgers, fried rice and more. Not too sure how I feel about eating fried rice and hot wings but will try it one day. Curious to try one of their gyros and fried fish options. You can't go wrong with a gyro. No sir.The location is pretty nice too. It sits in the same plaza as Bank of America and Gamestop, right in the heart of the Lindbergh shopping area. Decor is pretty simple but done well in a contemporary style. I'm digging the LCD screen menus but the fonts could be a little bigger, makes for an easier time ordering. (i'm probably blind as hell)All in all, Wings 101 is a must try if you live in the area or if you don't.  I'm a fan and will return. :)
<review# 418,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2013,10/1/2013,69,468,4,8,6>I was pleasantly surprised to discover this new gastropub near my alma mater, Georgia State, while I was returning from campus over the weekend. I know there have been some new places in the Pencil Factory Lofts, and some that have already closed, so I was not really paying attention. But it started to rain, and I was getting hungry, so I took advantage of the free parking in the garage - huge plus - and decided to check it out.This is a really beautiful bar. There is something about wood paneling, shiny surfaces and very little wall clutter that I like, so I found the Table immediately satisfying. I was there on a Sunday, and was kind of disappointed with the very limited brunch menu, till I actually tried the food, and also saw the weekday lunch and dinner menus - a truly exhaustive number of dishes, that I am anxious to try soon. I wasn't feeling a large meal, so I just went with the fruit cup and the onion, pepper and mushroom hashbrowns. The food was excellent. The fruit cup was a delight - fresh blueberries, strawberries, cantaloupe and pineapple - and the hashbrowns were excellent - not too greasy, just right.I think this is one of those bars that GSU grad students and faculty should take advantage of because of  the location, prices and set up. I can see myself grading papers here on a Monday or Tuesday night, eating a solid meal and watching the Braves game - all at the same time.P.S. I was also blown away that the bartender knew how to spell my name as soon as he heard it (SHYAM does not roll off the tongue). Kudos for having some cultural smarts.
<review# 419,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2013,9/30/2013,91,277,1,5,3>I really like Cook Hall. During the week, specialty punch and snacks are $5 each from 5-7. We ordered at least one of everything on their 5-7 menu: roasted radish bruschetta, popcorn shrimp, pork belly sliders, duck tacos, and pimento mac & cheese. I'm sure there were some other things on the table, but I was too focused on my pimento mac & cheese to notice.Once you're in Cook Hall, you'll forget that you're even in a hotel. They do a really good job of differentiating themselves from your standard hotel bar & restaurant. Our server was attentive and made dining with a large group easy. They'll also validate your valet parking, so you don't need to worry about that. Now I just need to go back for a piece of the strawberry cheesecake layer cake that I was drooling over on my way out...
<review# 420,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2013,9/29/2013,11,102,1,13,3>My girlfriend used Big League Movers in the past and had a great experience with them, so I decided to use them as well.I really liked the whole experience with this organization. Starting with the reservation of my crew on my preferred moving date the whole experience with Big League Movers was a positive one.After calling the day before the move to confirm my reservation of my two man crew,  the guys showed up early the following afternoon. The move was done within two hours and nothing was broken. The movers were very friendly and made what can be a really tough miserable experience very bearable. I will use these guys again for my next move.
<review# 421,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2013,9/27/2013,27,214,3,7,5>For what they are doing here, they do it really well. Is it what we normally think of when we think Indian food? No, but that would be hard to sustain in this area. This, as others have said, is more like fast-food Indian. I had been wanting to try it for awhile and finally found myself downtown with time to spare, so we stopped in. We both had the rice bowls with chicken tikka and the medium spicy chutney. We also split an order of masala fries. Everything was very yummy, and had the expected Indian flavors. I think next time I will go with the "native Indian hot" chutney for more of a punch. Oh, we also had a mango lassi, which was yummy.The place was clean and service was fast and friendly. My husband LOVED thier music selection! I will definitely naan-stop back in!
<review# 422,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2013,9/26/2013,17,150,5,6,6>Yummy Neapolitan-style pizza here! I ordered the Regina Margherita, needless to say, it was flavorful, light, with just the right amount of sass i mean sauce.  LOL jk. We were there for a bday dinner and sat in the outdoor area but it was covered so we got to enjoy the weather without being totally outside. Our waiter handled our large party well. Definitely would go back here for a pizza craving!
<review# 423,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/29/2013,9/25/2013,234,383,1,7,5>I finally got around to trying this place. It is in my neighborhood and is always buzzing with activity. This place can be best characterized as an Asian bakery / Coffee House with more emphasis on pastries / dessert items than the other stuff. It is located in the Asian Square Strip mall near where Shallowford road crosses Buford Hwy and located across the street from Northwoods Plaza and Pine Tree Plaza. The Asian Square strip mall that I am referring to has seen better days. Many businesses have closed and there are many retail vacancies; however, business at Sweet Hut appears to be thriving with no sign of a slow down. The parking lot in this strip mall is mostly empty with the exception being the lot nearest to / around Sweet Hut (always teeming / parked with cars).The pastries are unique with respect to the fillings and flavors. In past visits I have parked my car in the lot, walked in, and ending up leaving because the line to pay was several people deep and seemingly too long a wait. But I enjoyed browsing the pastry cases to get an idea of what to buy. So the other day I arrived when it was not so terribly busy as it had been in previous visits. I bought a hot dog pastry (a big fluffy pig in the blanket type thing), a green onion pastry (quasi onion roll looking thing) and a coconut-raspberry dessert pastry (macaroon / croissant hybrid). I also purchased a iced coffee (regular size).The bread used for each of the three pastries is similar to Jewish Challah bread; the use of egg in the dough is very tangible if not highly evident. For those who are unfamiliar to what I am referring to, the bread is very rich, moist and naturally sweet. Other cultures refer to this style of bread as "egg bread."I think my favorite was the hot dog pastry, slighty sweet but very savory with the mild tasting cold hot dog. The green onion version had a slight hint or dash of sweet custard as part of the onion filling so I guess I wanted that one to be more savory rather than sweet.The raspberry coconut was sweet, as expected, but had more of a macaroon taste / consistency which was most evident in the outer crust. It was sort of a cross between a coconut macaroon and a french croissant. Not my favorite but then again not at all bad. Just okay.The coffee was very, very good. I think I liked it better than or just as much as iced coffees I have had at Starbuck's or Caribou. I am looking forward to trying other pastries and coffees at this establishment; however, I am not much of a dessert person so I don't think I will be back very soon or make this a regular stop.
<review# 424,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2013,9/23/2013,150,120,9,15,14>I think El Potro is my new go to spot for Mexican!Whenever I try a new Mexican restaurant I just get a whole bunch of tacos.  I do this to try out as many of the meats as possible. Currently my experience with El Potro is limited to just take out but I was still blown away with what I got.  I ordered 8 tacos 2 Carne Asada, 2 Carnitas, 2 Pollo, and 2 Chorizo. Now I was able to place the order relatively quickly but the food did take longer than I would have liked to get prepared. This didn't bother me too much but I was starting to wonder what was going on but just then I got my food. When I was handed the large brown paper bag with my food in it I noticed it was bit heavier than I expected it to be. Anyway, I got my food and headed out to get some beer on the way back home.  When I finally got around to opening the bag I found out why the bag was heavier than i expected. There was a relatively large bag of tortilla chips! Followed by the tacos and lastly 3 pretty sizable containers of a red spicy salsa, a milder green salsa, and a cilantro and onion mix. Most restaurants don't give you enough of the condiments for your meal but this isn't the case at EL Potro. After we were done there was still enough salsa for another meal.  Now the meat in the tacos was good. The Chorizo was spicy and went well with the green salsa. The Carne Asada and Pollo was what I expected. Lastly the Carnitas was some of the best in the area and shredded so it didn't have any giant clumps in it (very important to me). Now overall the food was probably about 4 stars but I will give it the 5th star because they had put some thought into my dining experience at home.
<review# 425,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2013,9/22/2013,433,615,9,12,10>If you are like me and do not eat pork, PLEASE do not let the big A Pig in the middle of their marque deter you! I am a big fan of this place and I don't eat swine! I used to eat swine so I can tell you that the pork ribs here are excellent. We (My sister and I) used to come here all they time when I was in high school. I LOVE their sauce. But now that I don't eat pork, I'm stuck with damn Chicken. Chicken, Chicken, Chicken. If you ever meet me and I cough up a feather do not worry. At some point you become what you eat. :) The ribs used to fall off the bone. The Brunswick stew to me was my second favorite in Atlanta. All of the other sides are okay. Now I get Chicken, Mac N Cheese and Potato Salad. The Tea is okay and so is the Lemonade.  Just a few sides notes:This is my favorite BBQ place in Atlanta. I think the sauce is addictive! This place is usually packed. So if you don't like GROUPS of people, please stay home. Be ready to wait, stand at times and park across the street if the parking lot is too full! I'll post pics as soon as I transfer them from my cell.Let me know what you think!
<review# 426,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2013,9/21/2013,172,868,7,16,12>My general rule of thumb when dining out is to order things I can't make at home.  Thus, usually a smoothie place would not get a visit, much less a five star review, from me.  After all, how hard is it to dump a bunch of frozen fruit in a blender?  Well my friends, the devil is in the details, and those details are done right at Rawesome Juicery.First, every single thing on the menu sounds delicious and wholesome.  When I want a smoothie or a juice, I don't want any chemical laden "boosts" or powders added, like so many chain places do automatically, and you won't find any of that stuff on the huge menu here.  Instead, you'll find about a dozen juice and a dozen smoothie options with tantalizing fruit and veggie combinations.  I narrowed it down to a mango/kale/almond milk or a berry/acai smoothie, and asked for a recommendation from the owner, who suggested the berry blend would be more refreshing for the warm day.  Sold.  Though there are no added sugars in any of their products, my smoothie was perfectly sweet with the natural flavors of the berry blend they used.  A medium size (16oz) was a perfect meal replacement option.Though I had a scoutmob, the full prices were very reasonable.  The cost per smoothie/juice was about on-par with your generic chain places, but the quality here is obviously so much higher.  While nothing on their menu makes any promises, their facebook page notes that they try and purchase as much of the ingredients for their concoctions from organic and/or local farmers. I only sampled a smoothie, but the beautiful salads pictured on their facebook page will certainly have me returning the next time I'm in the Market.
<review# 427,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2013,9/20/2013,317,400,1,15,8>This is hands-down my favorite Chinese restaurant! I may have said this before about other Chinese restaurants, and if I did, I take it back. First, Chinese Buddha stays open til 6am, doesn't get any better than that. A great place to go after you've been out clubbing or bar hopping all night.Second, the food is great and very inexpensive. And like many Chinese restaurants, they give you a lot! Please keep in mind that I'm a very picky Chinese food eater, so if I say it's good, it's good.Third, even though it's downtown, parking is FREE! Be sure to park in the back.Lastly, the workers are always friendly, no matter what time of day it is. And if you order during lunch, they always give you a wing for free :).Love it!
<review# 428,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2013,9/19/2013,243,486,4,8,7>Alexandar is a master and the people in his shop are cool and talented. The salon has an elegant yet comfortable vibe.I am overjoyed with my perfect color and cut. Tammy is an understated superstar. I love her woodland fairy/surf girl natural waves and highlights. When I hit it big, she's in my beauty posse.Cheers-
<review# 429,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/31/2013,9/18/2013,150,187,6,11,8>After reading Tom E.'s review and pick of their chicken sandwich it was love at first site.  I ordered the chicken biscuit with pimento cheese and a side order of bacon.  A bit messy but so good, the chicken was nice and crispy and the pimento cheese just set it off.  I'm not much of a pimento cheese person but it went really well with the chicken biscuit.  I devoured that thing quickly kind of disappointed that I did that but it was good.  Their iced coffee was good also.  The décor was industrial with a bit of country style as seen with the iced coffee served in mason jars and the adorable little tablets the checks came in.  Being a crafts person I was looking at how the mason jars, something I might use later.  They also have little sweets on a table which caught somebodies eye, with strawberry donuts, quiche, and so on.  If breakfast was this good, I'll definitely have to check out lunch or dinner.  Thanks to Tanya C. for organizing the earliest UYE I ever been to.  Not sure if I can do this again but it was good.
<review# 430,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2013,9/17/2013,89,423,7,9,8>I'm a sucker for "Americanized Mexican" food, and my friends-- La Parilla is the holy grail. Chips and Salsa. I mean really. I don't know how so many other places get this wrong, but La Parilla is spot on. Their chips are thin and crispy. Their salsa is that perfect blend of chunky and soupy, with just some mild heat. Their plain old queso is perfection. It's the plain, runny white stuff that I can't get enough of. For meals, you've got lots of options here, and I've tried many. For salads- LOVE the FIesta Salad. It's delicious and they cook the salmon perfectly. I also recently tried the Primavera salad with steak, and that was excellent too. The salads are HUGE- definitely big enough for two people to share. So if you're on a diet- sharing a salad is a great choice.If you're trying to go cheap - go straight to the back of the menu for a la carte. I've definitely order a single taco before. I mean, that's all you need after plowing through 3 bowls of chips right? No need to spend $10+ on an entree when all you really need is a simple taco. They've also got individual flautas, etc. in the back of the meu as well. I *love* their chicken fajitas. If it wasn't a pricier menu item I'd get it ALL THE TIME. Highly recommend anything with their grilled chicken. Such as my new favorite, fajita nachos. I like that they serve nachos in full and half-orders. Half orders are plenty for me. On Wednesdays they have $5 pitchers of beer, so...you know where you'll find me.Their margaritas are slightly pricey (especially if you grab a pitcher of house- it's around $23!) but they are boozy and yummy. Stick with the house or skinny versions- everything else is "meh" but slightly more expensive. They have a fantastic patio to chill out on, and otherwise tons of seating inside. Their customer service is EXCELLENT.Highly recommend for your next mexican indulgence!
<review# 431,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2013,9/16/2013,36,76,4,8,6>Thought I'd do a quick update since I got a new (completely insane) puppy since my last review, and have been coming here before work often to let her get some of her energy out.  She whines to get out of the car all the way down Flat Shoals because she's so excited to get to Parkgrounds.  There are issues as some other reviewers have addressed, mainly with dog owners not picking up after their own animals.  I feel bad that this responsibility often falls to the staff, when people should be monitoring their own animals, as they'd be expected to do at any other dog park.  Still, for the most part, I prefer the dog owners (and dogs) that frequent here over the insanity and unpredictability of Piedmont.  Also, you can't get a beer or a coffee at any other dog park that I know of! If you haven't tried it out, try it out, you'll get hooked. it's a fantastic concept.  I'm surprised I haven't seen any competition to Parkgrounds pop up (that I know of).7/15/2014 EDIT:   I won't be altering my rating too much, because this isn't the fault of the management at all. The people here do their best to run a complicated business (dog park, coffee-shop, and a bar all in one), but my dog was attacked for the first time there last Friday morning by a pit-bull mix.   The dog didn't break the skin on my my dog, it was enough to scare the hell out my dog and me (and to give me some nasty bruising and scratches).   Please, please, PLEASE STOP bringing your unsocialized and dangerous dogs to the dog park.  Please be a responsible dog owner and pay attention to your dog while you're there, don't go inside and sit on your computer while your dog is causing trouble in the park.  I've considered Parkgrounds one of the safer options, and it would be nice to keep it that way.  We've been regulars in the past, but if I can't feel safe taking my dog here, then I don't see coming back here (at least during the summer when it seems like the worst dog owners in Atlanta all want to bring their dogs to dog parks).
<review# 432,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2013,9/15/2013,137,430,5,8,5>After no parking could be found at my fave Taqueria  we decided to give this ATL landmark a try.  We were lucky and got the last parking space there on a busy Friday night.  I'll admit:  I was bewildered walking in due to the large number of folks in the waiting area.  Luckily, a colleague found me and showed me the ropes.  She first put my name in, requesting the main room and Mark for our waiter, and then she took us to the lovely bar, where we paid $10 for a fabulous Bloody Mary and a beer, and sat on the leather couch to wait for our name to be called.  Super relaxing and fun for our Friday night!We had a lovely table for two in the main room, and Mark turned out to be every bit of amazing as he was hyped up to be.  Hubby and I both ordered the fried chicken - his with fried okra and cucumber/tomato salad, and mine with squash casserole and collards.  Here's the thing:  the yeast rolls and fried chicken tasted so much like my grandma's recipe that I almost started to cry from missing her.  It was that good.  I really can't think of any other place that has made me so sentimental, just from eating a dish.The fried chicken portion is huge and for $14, you definitely get what you pay for.  I wound up taking most of mine home with me.  We easily could have split the dinner, which if I ever return again, I will definitely do, and just get 4 sides to myself.  I loved my squash casserole and the collards were perfection.  The fried okra was a little meh, but I think that's just because hubby makes the best fried okra I've ever had.  We were able to recycle our chicken into a fantastic salad over the weekend so all was not lost, and those yeast rolls heated up miraculously.We were the youngest people in there and the people watching was well worth it.  I'd come back for the show - and for dessert, which I missed on this go-round from being way too full.This is the place I'd bring someone to show them true Southern food (if I wasn't making it for them in my house).  Yummy yum yum.
<review# 433,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2013,9/14/2013,74,589,2,7,3>It's a little pricey, but man is it good! $10 for a plate of fall off the bone short ribs and two sides. It's definitely plenty of food. I'd recommend getting the green beans; the garlic and slight char flavor is so, so, so good.The African chicken sausage is just alright. I wouldn't recommend it, especially at $4.It's hidden in the waay back of the little bazaar that's in Little 5 Points. You'll want to go past Variety Playhouse and look for their little sign nestled among the other signs. Once there, be prepared for a really hot dining environment due to the lack of AC.
<review# 434,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2013,9/13/2013,20,89,4,10,10>I've been coming to Hankook since FOREVER, and somehow have never written a review. WELL.The restaurant itself is kind of a shithole, bizarrely located in this warehouse distrcit way past most of the development on Collier. The first couple of times you go, you'll swear you're lost because the location just seems too weird and out of place.Inside the decor is... it isn't basically. There's a large kitchen/prep area and about a 4th of the space in the building has been converted into a cramped, chabby dining area.The food makes up for all of this. I rarely get anything besides the fish tacos. I think I've tried a bulgogi or pork or fried chicken here and there, but the fried fish taco is really just mind-blowingly good. It has tons of flavor, crispiness and spice, and still manages to be both filling and completely satisfying. The other meats, and the sesame fries, I've noticed are a bit over-salted, but still taste good other than that. The pork is very juicy, basically leaky, so watch out for that.All in all, I would not say Hankook is spectacular or anything. The wow factor is gone after eating here 1 million times, BUT I still keep coming back, still keep craving those tacos, and still leave satisfied every time I go. Plus, I've had Korean tacos at other places, and they somehow don't measure up, even though the construction seems so simple.So 4 stars for the food, the 5th star? For the price. Dirt cheap. I absolutely love the fact that I can get full off of two tacos and spend less than $10. Much less. One thing I hate about eating out is over-spending on average or sub-par, hyped up food. None of that here, just good eatin'.
<review# 435,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2013,9/12/2013,26,426,2,8,6>We came here on a Wednesday and all I have to say is that $5 for a dozen oysters on Wednesday is an AMAZING deal. The oysters were fresh and very good.Aside from the oysters, parking is a bit of a disaster. You have to valet and the spot they have to park your car is very tight. They were constantly moving cars around and left our car running for quite some time (we sat in the back patio so we could see our car). Speaking of the back patio, even after making reservations, the only place they could seat us without making us wait was in the back patio which overlooks the parking lot. We had our 1 year old son with us and although the waitress was really nice and quick with our meal, I would have preferred not to be outside. Otherwise, great place and we would love to come back again! The food very very good and flavorful!
<review# 436,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2013,9/11/2013,71,57,7,9,6>I can say with extreme confidence that Hanna gives the best male haircut in Sandy Springs!  If you're in the Sandy Springs/Buckhead area and are looking for a new haircut place, the first thing you should do is call Hanna and setup an appointment.  Hanna has been cutting my hair since I was in middle school which means at the time of this review, she has been cutting my hair for about 20 years.  That's longer than some of you cats have been alive!  So what keeps me coming back every 6 weeks?Consistency - Hanna ALWAYS has my dome piece looking nice after I leave.  I have no fear walking in when I need to get a chop before life's most important events where tons of pictures are taken like my Bar Mitzvah, weddings, graduations, etc.  She provides an excellent cut EVERY visit whether there is an upcoming important event or not.Meticulosity - Hanna is not a haircut factory.  She takes the time and effort to ensure that she is using the right techniques to make your hair look as tight as possible.  She is constantly checking to make sure everything is even and blends well.  An example is that my dad gave me the gift of male pattern baldness (such a good dad!) and its starting to present itself as I hit my early 30s.  Hanna spends a little extra time up there to make sure it stays as full looking as possible.  You won't get that at your haircut factory!Friendliness - Hanna is super friendly, but won't talk your ear off.  She'll engage in as much conversation as you want.  There have been visits when we've talked the entire time.  There have been visits where I've been hung-over and have gotten my hair cut in silence.  Either way, Hanna has a great equivalent of whatever 'bedside manner' for doctors is for stylists.Shampooing - Hanna gives you a scalp message while you are getting your shampoo which is awesome!  I have no idea what shampoo/conditioner she uses when she washes my hair, but I like them!  Sometimes they tingle, sometimes they smell great, but my what remains constant is that my hair is super soft when I leave.  I'm not a woman, but if I was, I'd still get my haircut by Hanna.  There are many women that visit her.  I've seen her do coloring on lady's hair and she is certified in keratin treatment if you gurls want to straighten out those curls!Hanna is located in the back of Nail Idol Salon on the 2nd floor the Fountain Oaks Shopping center located at the intersection of Roswell Road and Long Island Drive.  You can just walk right into Nail Idol and go straight to the back where Hanna is setup.  This isn't Great Clips, so it's more than $15 to get a haircut, but it's totally worth every penny!  I just got my haircut which inspired me to write this review.  See you in 6 weeks, Hanna!
<review# 437,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2013,9/10/2013,16,48,3,8,5>Very nice, appropriately sized thrift store - I was impressed that there was a decent enough sized men's clothing area (the women's was larger, as seems to be normal in Atlanta, but I still found an item I wanted).  This is not a large store like a Goodwill, but very clean and without the stale/"thrift store" smell.  The store also features some free roaming dogs who are very friendly.  Be aware, it is a tad cramped between aisles, but not impossibly so.  I plan on checking back here regularly.
<review# 438,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2013,9/9/2013,78,316,2,11,6>I'm so glad this gem exists in Atlanta. This place has a few lanes in which to drive up and get tickets since it gets pretty crowded (you want to get there a couple hours early). Although I will say it's a lot less confusing getting in than getting out, especially in the dark.There's about 7 screens and usually the one you park at is a double feature. Two movies for $7. Not bad at all! They have restrooms and a snack bar. If you get there super early you can camp out in the front row and grill out.
<review# 439,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2013,9/8/2013,357,369,16,15,12>In Which A Seat On The Coveted Bed Swings Will Make Others Think You Own 8 DogsI recently attended a team meeting at this location.  The screened in outdoor patio design is a blueprint of a dream I once had.  The space is great -- with ample seating, high ceilings, sparse but eclectic furnishings and a massive ceiling fan that keeps the air flow at Awesome.The iced chai latte I had was one of the best yet -- with a generous sprinkling of cinnamon that has now become, like, my shit. We settled into a corner and all had our laptops out to hash out the final details of a digital campaign when one of our partners starting sneezing and scratching.   I got up to refresh our drinks and noticed my pants were covered in fur.  Since I don't own any animals and lead a hella hypoallergenic lifestyle, I was perplexed.  That's when I noticed that a lot of the seating at Dancing Goats is covered in dog hair -- particularly anything with cushions.  It's cool that people can bring their pets. I love dogs even though I can't have them in my house.  But it's kind of insane that there weren't even any dogs present when we all got a good dusting of their dander.  Like, do you really need to bring your dog to the coffee shop AND have it get up on the furniture like you're at home? Oof. I wish they would vacuum the fuck out of the cloth furniture and/or institute a "dogs on the floor" policy.  I hate hair on my person or in my scones.
<review# 440,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2013,9/7/2013,210,261,4,4,5>Ok, so I found a hidden gym in Eastpoint, thanks to yelp. The music and drinks are great! I woulf definately go back. I felt thay it wad a cool place to chill and have drinks. There was no cover charge and the atmosphete was lovely. Shout out to the DJ for letting me enjoy the music instrad of screaming over the record. I will come here again.
<review# 441,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2013,9/6/2013,257,221,2,8,5>These days I'm putting my money where my mouth is, so I went to Noni's for a late lunch to support them while GDOT rips up the street for the coming streetcar.  I do my part to lessen the suffering a business goes through for improvements that impede customers for a year or two.  (Side note: Late lunches are the best because there is no crowd so service is better than decent and the restaurant is without anyone griping about their boss.)I had the suze & tonic to drink.  Suze is a flowery french liqueur.  It was refreshing like drinking a plant would be and only slightly sweet.  I also ordered the muffaletta which was delicious on the foccacia. Since I'm not much of a meat eater these days, there was too much meat for me, and the sandwich is pretty big so I brought home the other half for later.  A guy would probably leave only crumbs.  I had the Noni's fries, and yes, they are as good as people say, some of the best fries I've had regarding flavor.My server was great.  She was by herself and there were about three other tables other than myself, and I never felt left out.  Noni's has their own parking, which makes this place pretty close to perfect.  Tip: You can avoid Edgewood by using Dekalb and coming in from the backside to park.
<review# 442,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2013,9/5/2013,57,302,6,6,4>Holy mother of sorbet gods! Coconut Chocolate Rum Sorbet. ARE YOU KIDDING ME?!The flavor was out of this world.Scratch that.This flipping universe.Savory, sugary, rum-ary... mad delicious! Given that the last time I was there they didn't have any sorbet, and today they pull this, my mind has been blown.Thanks Morelli!
<review# 443,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2013,9/4/2013,37,121,4,3,3>Colbeh is a little strange at first because it seems like the atmosphere and the food don't really mesh well.  The restaurant feels like it wants to be super hip, but the food is cozy and feels like someone's mom made it.  I'm obviously not Persian, so take my opinion with a grain of salt.  Anyway, enough rambling. The service is great and the food is delicious.  Several of my friends had kabobs.  Both the chicken and the beef were nice and moist.  I had the eggplant stew and was very pleased with my choice.  First of all, how awesome is it that they put an entire egglant in the bowl.  It was cooked perfectly and the flavors in the stew were bold and beautiful (and young and restless).  Will need to drop in again soon.  BTW, pop up on Scout Mob!
<review# 444,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2013,9/3/2013,474,1389,1,5,5>I'm glad we were going with regulars who suggested we get there early.  Arriving at 9:15, we got one of the spots on the front, and walked in.  They were already seated, in the back near the merchandise (a little dangerous for the toddlers...)The menu is simple but had some good choices.  I opted for the healthy breakfast with seasoned grilled chicken, sauteed spinach, and scrambled egg whites.  I also ordered a biscuit.  Jimmy got french toast, and we ordered pancakes for the little guy.The food came pretty quickly.  My plate was well cooked and flavorful.  I ended up mixing the spinach into my egg whites.  The chicken was nice and juicy.  The french toast and pancakes seemed to be a hit.  The pancakes were the size of the plate and covered in powdered sugar.  I did have to remind the guy who brought the food (not the server who took the order) that I needed my extra biscuit.  I was surprised that it was cool (what's up with all the biscuits coming out cold at places lately?) but it was light and flaky.Pay at the cashier at the front.  The entryway and counter area was starting to get quite full as we left around 10, so I suggest you get there early.All in all, a simple but solid breakfast spot.
<review# 445,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2012,9/2/2013,216,468,3,6,5>I guess you could call me a Fifth Groupie. I'm a fan of pretty much all their restaurants (when my wallet can handle it, because they aren't cheap!) and was excited to finally try Lure. I wasn't disappointed.Oysters on the half shell and a seafood cocktail to start (including a shot of beer to add to the mix and stir up). Delicious! Although prepare for sticker shock...some oysters are $4 each, with the lowest priced at $2.50. I guess this is normal, maybe, for land-locked Atlanta?I ordered the whole grilled Georgia trout by recommendation from the server and she didn't steer me wrong. Stuffed with lemon slices and herbs and grilled whole until the skin is slightly charred, I was amazed at the delicate and delicious flavors. I grew up eating lake trout and have always kind of poo-poo'd trout in restaurants since, ya know, you can just catch one any old time and cook it up. Well, let's just say that the chefs at Lure can work some magic with that little fishy. Try it, you'll like it! (Don't be intimidated by deboning it on your own -- they provide instructions. You'll still have a few small bones to pick out, but that's no biggie.)They've also got a fun cocktail list, but most are wallet busters, upwards of $10 to $11 a pop.If you want to splurge and have a hankerin' for seafood, give Lure a shot!
<review# 446,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2013,9/1/2013,204,510,4,3,2>I was totally going to take a picture of my wings but then they arrived on the table and I forgot, sorry.My favorite way to eat BBQ is on a baked potato which doesn't seem a popular way around here? (Seriously if someone knows where I can partake in this without going back to Chattanooga pls share) So honestly I am not a very big BBQ person. They do have something similar here with BBQ pork on fries (redneck nachos or something like that) but I'm not a pork fan at all and fries are not baked potatoes.I will say though the chicken here is awesome. I'm not much of a one thing on a sandwich person so I got a plate with mac and cheese and Brunswick stew. Their hot BBQ sauce is awesome, it's a bit tangy from vinegar yet nice and spicy. It is perfect with chicken.The mac and cheese is pretty good, and honestly it was the first time I had Brunswick stew...I decided I had to try it. So I really have nothing to go on, but I thought it was pretty good. Today I was feeling like wings though, so I got hot wings with carrots. They were also really good, though I wish I had gone for smoked ones. They were all a nice size and pretty crispy. I find the dining room totally adorable...and best of all they were playing hockey on TV! :ONot too far from home, so I will probably be back many more times.
<review# 447,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2013,8/31/2013,57,162,,5,5>I can't quite explain it, but this place has the most amazingly amazing breakfast sandwich ever. You get a choice of bread/meat/optional veggie topping for an extra charge and egg. I went with croissant/chicken sausage/tomato. It's not like their chicken sausage is out of this world or anything, and eggs are eggs, the tomato slice was too small. But yet all piled on that divine croissant I was blown away. Which is good for them, because after my long wait and being charged $0.75 for one tiny and thin slice of tomato I was feeling ripped off. But the sandwich itself was huge and delicious. It also came with a selection of huge cuts of fresh fruit. It was a little pricey, but yet so perfect and filling. On my next visit I decided I would try chicken and waffles (which I've never had and I don't even like fried chicken). I was happy I went for it. The waffle was big and fluffy and their chicken is lightly breaded (more chik-fil-a than KFC is how I'd describe it) and they come with fresh berries. I was kinda bummed by the syrup though. I was expecting a more pure maple syrup...this stuff was super sweet and I almost preferred my meal with out it. My friend says their shrimp and grits are money...my friend's opinion is usually legit. They have nice seating outside (but you are right along Ponce so it's really not that impressive) and a small pastry case with tempting cupcakes/scones/etc. Free wi-fi and a laid back atmosphere make it a nice relaxing breakfast/lunch spot. I live walking distance so I didn't need to inquire about parking...but it's pretty sparse around here so I'd double check.
<review# 448,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2013,8/30/2013,49,288,,7,3>Lovely experience! The food was unique and amazing; presentation was beautiful; service was stellar. Our server was great at explaining items on the menu that we had questions about. The portions are rather generous for a tasting menu. I didn't expect to be so full because the portions were always so tiny every time I've had the tasting menu elsewhere. Since the menu is seasonal, I won't go into details about everything we ordered. However, if these items happen to be on the menu when you're dining at Bacchanalia, GET THEM!! 1. Kumamoto Oysters w/ sea urchins, & caviar3. Crab Fritter3. Lamb 6 ways4. Berkshire Pork5. Farm Brebis w/ strawberries & oats 6. Coffee FlanMost gifts from the chefs were delicious as well: cheese puffs, chilled asparagus soup, madeleine cookies, & truffles.For party of 5 or more, you can't make a reservation using OpenTable, you'll have to call instead. If you make a reservation for a party of 6 or more, you have to sign a form w/ your credit card info ($75/person charge if you don't cancel your reservation a day in advance) There's only one big table in the whole dining room, which is semi private and seats 8-10 people.No valet. There's plenty of parking in the private lot.
<review# 449,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2013,8/29/2013,8,568,7,6,3>And there you have it..  Just came from Scotch Bonnet and I am fresh from stuffing my face with oxtail, rice & peas.  It is an honor to write this review fresh off the lab.  First thing's first.  I am a huge fan of the food truck/trailer whatever you want to call it.  When you pull up in the parking lot, you can smell the hickory burning - that's what I'm talking about.  Inviting you in instantly.  Menu selection isn't grand.  Oxtail was very good, straight wolfed it down.  Ate that sucker to the bone playa!  Banging.  The rice & peas was very good too in my opinion.  Very flavorful with the right amount of spices to make the tongue  go "oooohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh".  The brown stew chicken was pretty good too.  Wolfed me a sample of that so your boy is pretty pleased.  Portions was just about right for the price so no complaints there.  Definitely a fan of Scotch Bonnett ATL.  Service was prompt, food was pretty good, not the fresh(est) (if that's even a word) but look forward to trying the jerk ribs when in the area and may expand upon this review.Grade: B
<review# 450,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2013,8/28/2013,787,655,2,15,5>I think Dr. Duvall is one of the better overall specialist I've seen over the years. She listens to your issues, and even answered a question I was thinking before even having to ask it. HELLO, mind reading doctor.  The best part of all she gave me allot of samples of my prescription to try out before spending money on getting the actual prescription filled- and then gave me a coupon for it as well. Scheduling and filling out paperwork was also a breeze with ZooDoc online ( why aren't more practices using this) So when I showed up all I had to do was give them my id and insurance card. In a day and age when some medical practices nickle and dime you it's glad to have a doctor looking out for your pocket book as well as health.
<review# 451,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2013,8/27/2013,49,97,2,4,3>We have visited Bone Lick a few times and now and it has been consistently great. I think it a great addition on the west side. The inside is pretty nice with a few booths and tables, and a pretty big bar. We haven't had a problem being seated till the last time we went, and we had to wait 20 minutes...but it was a sat night. I also found out that they do take reservations. They have ski ball machine and old arcade games like centipede and street fighter as well. The beer selection is small, but they offer good selections from local breweries. Last time I went they had one of my favorites, Terrapin Wake n' Bake. They also offer a few canned beers like High Life and PBR. They have a full bar and specialize in craft whiskeys from smaller distilleries. The truffle bacon popcorn is pretty good, but my favorite thing to get here for an app is the Big Ole' Totties which are tots covered in pulled pork, sausage, brunswick stew, cheese sauce, and jalapenos. As far as their BBQ goes, it is all great and is a little on the spicier side. The ribs are huge and have plenty of meat. The pulled pork and sausage, which is homemade, are really good as well. The wings are great, but if you order them spicy they are really really spicy so be forewarned. They have several different BBQ sauces and I think the SC mustard and the pepper vinegar sauces are the best. All of their meat has a really good smokey flavor. I really think this is one of Atlanta's best BBQ restaurants and I highly recommend checking it out.
<review# 452,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2013,8/26/2013,105,103,5,10,7>I've been to Mamie's quite a few times, I'm the Duke for Gods sake so I think I finally feel comfortable enough to write a review. My first couple of  trips here were not the best but I think I have to blame it on myself. I didn't really understand how to order and how things work in this place. I think the first time I came, I ordered a piece of chicken and a biscuit... #nobueno. I couldn't grasp what the hype was about. The next time I went in with friends and family and this cool guy that worked there explained that we should order a meat and a side (eggs, grits or gravy and a biscuit). My favorite thing to order now is pancakes with chicken and cheesy eggs. The pancakes are always warm and fluffy and the chicken, mmmm mmm mm delicious! To me, it's better than chicken and waffles. I've had the biscuits and gravy before (picture uploaded) but there was just too much gravy and I'm not a big fan of the gravy. It lacked  flavor, even though it was caked on. The peach cobbler here is really good. It's a little buttery but its still tasty and definitely tastes homemade. On the weekends this place gets really packed with a long line so I definitely suggest calling in your order. I tried it this past weekend and it was great. I got to the spot and he line was almost out the door. I walked in and the lady came out and told me to go to the front of the line to pay for my food. I felt like VIP!! Overall this place is really good. It gives you the old fashioned, hole on the wall vibe and you know those are sometimes the spots where you get the best food. I love taking out of towners there for breakfast because I know they'll get the full southern experience.
<review# 453,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2013,8/25/2013,37,101,3,7,3>The seafood gumbo is chock full of a variety of saltwater critters. The bacon potato salad gives a nice touch to the traditionally seafood heavy dish. There's a bit of a kick to it and my nose was running a bit after finishing my bowl, so those who have a heat aversion may want to stay away from the dish. Everyone loves the lobster roll. I love the lobster roll. It's delicious, sweet, and you can tell they let the lobster shine by barely adding anything else to it. But it's small. Real small. 6 bites and you're done small. Sub the fries it comes with for the basmati fried rice ($2 upcharge but best side they have). I could eat two of those sides alone as my meal. I also had the frozen shortcake bar for dessert. It was delicious. Strawberries and cream icecream covered in vanilla pound cake crumbles. Sounds fancy but it's served on a stick and covered in a plastic wrap,  which provides for that childhood nostalgia of the icecream man driving by on a hot summer day. Well done Optimist.
<review# 454,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2013,8/24/2013,147,260,3,9,6>The name speaks for itself; Honey bubble is a cute bubble tea cafe located in the Poncey-Highlands neighborhood. When I first heard about their opening, I was more curious and somewhat skeptical: "You mean I don't have to drive all the way out to Buford Highway or Duluth for get my bubble tea fix now?" It sounded too good to be true. So I had to check it out immediately.The first time I went to Honey Bubble was on a Sunday afternoon, few days after their grand opening. The place was packed (I didn't even get to hear the Ni Hao greeting that seems to be mentioned in nearly every Yelp review). Since it was my first time, I had to take my time, looking at their extensive tea list. Maybe it was because they were really busy and there was a line of people waiting, but I felt really rushed. Furthermore, they announced that they ran out of tapioca bubbles because of the huge crowd. WHAT?! A bubble tea shop, with the word "bubble" in their store name ran out of tapioca bubbles? So I ended up with a milk tea that was decided rather impulsively with no boba (insert sad face here).Needless to say, my first visit left me a bit disappointed, but I'm a believer of the saying, "everything deserves a second chance." So I went back on a Monday morning - and of course, the place was empty. The moment I walked in, I was greeted by the staff (YES! She noticed me this time!). I took my time looking at their tea list, weighing different options, asked for suggestions, and made an informed decision. I left the place with an actual bubble tea in my hand, delighted in knowing that I don't have to drive 30 minutes to get a decent bubble tea from now on.Since then, I've been back numerous times, trying different tea each time. You can't go wrong with the Signature Royal Milk Honey Bubble Tea. However, my absolute favorite is the Japanese Sencha with aloe vera jelly. It's really creamy yet refreshing; the texture of the aloe vera jelly goes really well with the Sencha. If you like coconut flavor, the Coconut Palm was also very tasty. I wasn't too fond of the Strawberry milk tea - it tasted really artificial and the strawberry flavor was somewhat missing. If I wasn't told that it was Strawberry flavor, I wouldn't have known.I've observed that the service is now more consistent. Perhaps the staff were not as experienced when I first went, seeing as how it was only a few days after their opening. While they do have a private lot, it is small and if you go on a busy day, you will most likely have to park on the street.
<review# 455,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2013,8/23/2013,100,145,3,5,6>OMGFor a while, I was craving Gio's Chicken 3-4x a week! So tasty!!!!!I've only ordered togo, but holy moly, the Diavola Chicken is amazeballs! Go get it now!!  While prices are a little high, it's totally worth it.  The chicken is bone-in, moist, and flavorful.  And be sure the eat the bread/potater wedges/carbs that come with each order to soak up all the yummy oil/juices.I've also tried a few of the pastas and they are also super tasty!  Just the right amount of sauce and toppings w/o it being heavy.Safe to say everything here is pretty awesome.Located right next to Antico/mini-little-italy-Gio-empire with parking located in the back.
<review# 456,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2013,8/22/2013,193,304,7,8,8>Retro tucked away atmosphere.  Some of the best cocktails in Atlanta (with Paul at the helm, who is surprised).  Lastly, a lean but very very mean selection of well executed small to medium sized dishes (now this, I was pleasantly surprised).  After a couple visits it's looking like it might become one of my favorite drinking places.Call me alcoholic but in two visits I've tried all but 2 of the cocktails on the menu.   These tend towards the complex with typically 6+ ingredients going into each.  The balancing of the various types of bitters, aperitifs, vermouths, and in a couple cases beers (most good cocktail bars have begun trying to do a beer drink or two, from about 2 years ago), exude care and craftsmanship rather than wild fancy.  The drinks are smooth but interesting.  My favorites currently are the Biggie Snugs which drank like a harmonious marriage between a Manhattan and a Dark & Stormy, and the Anchors Away, which was one of the few cases where a scotch based cocktail actually didn't taste just mostly like scotch but was pleasingly rounded.  I did find that a few of the drinks leaned towards the sweet side, but not so much that it's a problem.  The second edition of drinks are coming out in a couple weeks and I can't wait to try them.  On top of a couple snacks and soup, you can pick from about 5~6 medium sized dishes to eat.  I've had cucumber soup, trout, and smoked chicken.  The flawless execution kind of blew me away.  The trout and chicken were perfectly cooked, and the recipes exhibited a great understanding (not to mention hard work figuring it out!) of what tastes good.  This is especially a happy find for me because I am not that into the food at Iberian Pig and Leon's, and don't necessarily want to go eat at a restaurant on the Decatur Square whenever I am in the area to drink.  The feel of Paper Plane late night and early evening are completely different.  It's kind of funny that before 8 pm, not only is it not that busy at all, but the people seem a little random.  There's young guys in shorts and old guys looking like they just wondered in from their afternoon walk.  Actually, now that I am old, I kind of like the early shift.  Just saunter in and drink like a champ...less crowded than Leon's.  But of course, sometimes you want that Mad Men atmosphere late night.    What a great new place for this great area.
<review# 457,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2013,8/21/2013,158,115,4,8,4>Gizzelle is great! I dropped off my suits a week before I was going out of town for work and was supposed to pick them up on Friday. Completely forgot until Saturday night. She's closed on Sunday and Monday and I was leaving Tuesday morning at 7 am. I went into panic mode, left her shop a voicemail, emailed her, tried to look her up on Facebook...basically acted like a maniacal ex-gf. She called me back on Sunday morning and met me at her shop on Monday just so I could pick it up. 5 stars for awesome client service.Oh, and the suits look great and fit like a glove. Pricey but worth it!
<review# 458,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2013,8/20/2013,103,217,3,9,31>My best friend recently, and unexpectedly, lost her boyfriend. The last photo that was taken of the two of them together was months ago, at the Georgia Aquarium, with his children. It was a photograph of a really special day. But of course, like most people, they decided at the time not to buy the pic. Little did they know... Fast forward to now, two months after her loss, and 5 months after the photo... and my friend remembers this picture. Does it still exist? She emails the Aquarium, explaining the situation, and asking -hoping- that they might still happen to have pictures from that long ago. All she could do was give them a general time of which month they were there, and a brief description of what they look like. A few days later, a .jpg shows up in her email inbox from the Aquarium. It's their sweet, little awkward family photo. It's so special and wonderful that someone actually took the time and effort to dig through and find it. But wait. It gets better. I was with her this weekend when we walked down and checked her mail. There was a stiff envelope from the Aquarium. Inside, two pieces of cardboard were taped together to protect some pictures. They had printed out, with two different backgrounds, a few photos in different sizes. We just sat on the floor of her apartment and cried. Both happy and sad tears.  Dear Aquarium Employee, I don't know if this will ever find it's way to your eyes or ears, but I can hope. You really went above and beyond - not just in your job, but in LIFE. What kind of wonderful person does this?! One of a kind. You cannot possibly begin imagine (at least, I hope) what a special and meaningful thing you did for my best friend. This was not just their last family photo, but it was their ONLY family photo. The only picture of them as a couple with his children. And to have it show up like this, out of the blue, was such an unexpected and wonderful surprise. Your kindness is like a beacon of hope in what we frequently see as a dark world.Thank you for being such a good person. I wish I could thank you in real life, but I feel like words wouldn't be enough. I really hope that someday all this positive karma comes back to you, and treats you with the same amount of love and kindness that you have shown for a complete stranger. Thank you. So much. I could never express how much this meant to her. You are such a good person. Thank you. -Nikkie (on behalf of her BFF, Katie)
<review# 459,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2013,8/19/2013,55,299,2,6,4>Vietnamese, you say? Chateau! it is. Outside of the vietnamese grill and pho, this is my go-to place for Vietnamese food. I wouldn't know what to order but thanks to one of my Vietnamese friends, she ordered food for us. Since then, I've been back to celebrate my birthday! My extended family only thought of pho when they thought about vietnamese food, so I took them out to open their eyes to the goodness out there! On to the food, here we go:Lemongrass tofu - The tofu is cubed soft tofu is fried with some breading which includes lemongrass. It comes out piping hot and is delicious. The flavor of the lemongrass isn't too strong. Salt & pepper tofu - Similar to the lemongrass tofu, this is soft cubed tofu and has some breadcrumbs with salt and pepper. Similar to salt & pepper calamari. Also a great choice as well. Regarding tofu, I love tofu! So, I can't really comment on whether you'd like this or not if you're not a tofu lover, but I'd give it a shot! "Shaken" Beef - The shaken beef here I believe is made from steak meat. I want to say that it's filet mignon meat.  "Flat Rice Noodle (combination" - This dish is similar to chow fun noodles and delicious.  Salt & Pepper Calmari - The calamari here is crunk! Each piece was pretty well--sized and it was soft - not hard and chewy.  Give it a try.Snow Pea Leaves - Typically sold at the market price. I'm not sure why people love this so much, but this was fine.  I have a hard time bearing with the price, but if enough people want it, I'd order it again.Vietnamese Crepe - The trick with this is to know how to eat this!  Don't be too confused by this. It is presented with some bean sprouts and a thin crepe (pancake-like) which covers the bean sprouts. It's also served with the typically vietnamese sauce (fish0based) and lots of fresh green herbs. So, put all of this together (the sauce over the crepe) is important! and gobble it up! I don't think this is on the menu, so hope you are are to try it! Enjoy, enjoy, enjoy! So delicious.
<review# 460,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2013,8/18/2013,34,56,2,4,2>After hearing many folks rave over the dumplings and buns here, I could not wait to go, but was a bit afraid to venture in without a "guide" who knew what was up. Some friends finally invited us along and I was like YES! Chef Liu's did not disappoint. For very little money (split everything between 4 people) we stuffed ourselves full of dumpling goodness. My favorite was the crab juicy dumpling and the leek pie. I look forward to going back and trying some of the noodle dishes as well. My stomach is growling thinking about it!
<review# 461,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2013,8/17/2013,37,85,2,5,4>This is my first time here. I attended a UYE which is always good. I enjoy meeting and talking withand making new acquaintances. The food was good. The server was very attentive. I had the Lemongrass Tofu w Vermicelli and hot tea. It came with a fish sauce and was very good. I like the taste of lemongrass and is why I chose this menu item. I want to say that my choice was based on my desire to eat healthier. This is a vegetarian dish. I must admit that I was very surprised how wonderful this dish tasted.I tried some of my wife's Shaken Steak which was quite tasty as well. I must admit that it was better than I had anticipated. From the responses that I overheard, others at the table were pleased with their choices as well. Everything was fresh and tasted very good.I will have to get the papaya salad on my next venture here.65/100
<review# 462,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2013,8/16/2013,291,260,2,5,4>The very first bar that I went to in my life was at Ormsby's. My perception of bars were pretty negative before I actually went to one, but Ormsby's changed that since it was absolutely wonderful. The best part of it is that there are so many activities to do: darts, skeeball, billards, board games, checkers/backgammon, and bocce ball. For someone who prefers to stay sober, this is great.LAYOUT1. Walk up to the Ormsby's door and let the bouncer check your ID & get stamped. 2. Choose to sit upstairs or downstairs.3. If you choose to sit upstairs, there's the bar area, booths, or a few tables. 4. If you choose to sit downstairs, there's a few tables, or a back room that is more quiet and intimate. 5. Order some drinks and grub, and go play games!FOOD- Their fries are pretty decent and have plenty of sauces to choose from. The favorite among my friends is the sriracha mayo. - The onion rings are MASSIVE. It is actually too much onion to batter ratio, in my opinion, and harder to eat. But they are tasty.- Corn dog appetizers with sriracha mayo. This is hands down my new favorite appetizer. It comes with 4 thick cuts of legit sausage (not the small Oscar Meyer ones) covered in delicious batter. The mayo gives it a nice kick.- The eggplant parm sandwich was soft and flavorful, and my vegetarian friend loved it. It comes with spinach, roasted tomatoes, and mozzarella cheese on fluffy focaccia bread.- The Cubano sandwich had pork loin, ham, swiss and provolone cheese, with mustard on a pressed hoagie roll. It pork was flavorful, but it was a little dry in my opinion. I needed to douse it in the mojo sauce. - The pesto chicken wrap was a healthy alternative for dinner since it had plenty of vegetables inside. However, I couldn't taste the pesto which is disappointing, because that's why I ordered the wrap. SERVICEThe waitress was very attentive and split our checks perfectly even after we gave her a vague answer for how we wanted to handle the check. We were impressed.I'd say that Ormsby's is a great place to come chill with friends (of age), play some games, and get better than average bar food. [35 of 100]
<review# 463,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2013,8/15/2013,240,558,2,3,5>This past weekend was my second time at the Atlanta Symphony Orchestra, and it blew me away.Although my boyfriend's lived in Atlanta longer than I have, he'd never been to the symphony, so I took it upon myself to get him 'cultured' sooner rather than later. The next obstacle was to figure out what to see at ASO, so after hopping online, we discovered that the conductor and symphony would be performing Final Fantasy: Distant Worlds (yes, that Final Fantasy, the video game currently on its 13th iteration and going strong) in June and it was on! Both of us are video game fans (and I'm a huge FF fan), so it was the perfect thing to introduce him to ASO with a radically different departure from the normal fare performed there (which is also excellent too, don't get me wrong). We bought tickets in the first balcony level right towards the center, and got psyched to get our culture on.The night of the concert, we arrived and walked in, tickets in hand and looking pretty spiffy (it is the symphony after all, and still a place you dress up to go to), and saw tons of people who looked like they'd walked in right off the street. Including a good number who were in cosplay. Apparently this was going to be quite a different symphony experience from my first one... I was a little put off that so many people looked so casual, but that's what the world is coming to, I guess. The people who did bother to wear more than flip flops, shorts, and t-shirts got points in my book though.We took our seats, and had a perfect view of the stage and a giant screen they'd lowered for the performance. The conductor, who was a very charismatic man, came out and introduced himself, reeled off the spiel of how long the FInal Fantasy music has been performing, how many different compositions there are now, etc. etc. And then the magic began.Not only did I recognize many of the tunes as well as hearing new ones, but they took it one step further and used the giant screen to play shots of video and game play matching whatever song was being performed on stage. It was great!! It brought back so many good memories I had of playing these games growing up, and it was delightful to watch set to such beautiful live music. The 2.5 hours flew by in the blink of an eye, and, as before, I was left feeling uplifted by the end. It was such a great show, and although I didn't agree with others' choices to come so casually dressed, the people watching was great. I'm sure it's a different crowd than ASO usually sees, but boy they were an enthusiastic bunch. Certain songs were cheered (especially when chocobos or Sephiroth were on screen), and the symphony and conductor received two standing ovations and thunderous applause at the end. That was great.I had wonderful time at the symphony and I really hope it continues to bring such unusual, fantastically talented performances in the future.
<review# 464,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2013,8/14/2013,190,335,3,5,8>Awesomeness!  Five stars absolutely MUST be doled out for a farm in the middle of downtown.  Holla if ya hear me!  This place rocks! They are growing all kinds of veggies and fruits, they host a summer camp for the kiddies, and they sell goods via a market on Fridays from 2 to dusk.  Now you know this is the shiz-nigh-eee (stolen straight from Little Scrappy from Love and Hip-Hop, but I don't watch that...LOL).Chicken Little and her crew were running around doing their thing.  That was cool.  I don't know how I've never seen this place before, but kudos to Kathleen for organizing a volunteer event here and allowing us Yelpers to give our time to a very worthy cause.  I will be supporting the market; you should too!
<review# 465,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2013,8/13/2013,48,80,5,8,6>An Atlanta native and unfortunate OTP-er I realized how little I knew about the interesting inner workings of Little Five Points. Always a place for hipsters, wanna-be hipsters, and a varied array of homeless people, Little Five always seemed like the mini-bohemia that the overly conservative OTP-ers never took a liking to. For me, it was love at first sight but for some strange and odd reason, amongst all the hype of The Vortex and The Corner Pub, I never noticed The Porter Beer Bar. It looks like the afterthought of a building, like when you have to hastily insert a "1" that you omitted into a number; The Porter takes up a sliver of the walls of shops that line up along Euclid. It's really hard to notice, a small rather dull sign hangs outside and if you weren't searching for it, you wouldn't think it were anything special, almost like 12 Grimmauld Place (for you Harry Potter fans).  My first time here I stumbled in hoping that I hadn't made some horrid mistake. I took two rather skeptical looking British boys in here, who whined their entire trip that I hadn't given them a single decent beer. For those who are familiar with the British, there is an innate understanding of their love of two things: complaining and a "proper pint." All in all, it seemed to be dismal until I pulled a stool up onto the bar and the bartender handed me their beer menu; three stellar pages of draught beer from microbreweries. Beer geeks, this is heaven, even the Brits were smiling by the end of it. And hey, if you're not a drinker their menu is phenomenal as well. In fact, when I perused their selection I was more impressed with their food menu. Foie gras, bone marrow, and goat cheese fritters all with a good pint? It was bound to be an everlasting relationship. It's good to see a place that serves quality and trendy food without the high-roller bullshit. I guess that's the beauty of being a gastropub, you get the best of graffiti-ed and stickered out bathrooms, tattoo-ed bartenders and waiters, and amazing food and quality beer. Their taps rotate constantly, every time I've been in the beer has been different but with that said this place will run you up a pretty penny. Again, though, my general motto is you pay for what you get and the constantly rotating taps, the stellar food, and good company is well worth the extra $10-$20 you pay. Now, I know I'm notorious for long winded reviews but this last bit I felt I needed. For those who enjoy a good atmosphere and just to bring out the liveliness of the bar, talk to people and get to know your bartender. This was one of the best things about this bar; people really seemed to enjoy talking to strangers or other people. Perhaps it's just the Little Five atmosphere, since I experienced the same hospitality at "Wrecking Bar" just down the street.   All in all, it's a fantastic place. As usual, for those who frequent Little Five, parking is an absolute NIGHTMARE so try and go during the daytime if you want to avoid the hellfire that is parking in Little Five Points.  So stop reading this and go... GET DRUNK (responsibly, of course).
<review# 466,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2013,8/12/2013,97,173,3,8,6>Noche is one of those places that I forget about and then get excited when I rediscover it- kind of like finding a $20 bill in a pair of jeans that I haven't worn in a while. I have been to this location several times and it's definitely one of my favorite tapas spots in ATL. The Sangria is superb and $5 ($3 on Wednesdays!) and the food is tasty and seems to be of good quality. They have quite a few vegetarian/vegan options which is always a necessity for me. I had garlic mushrooms the last time I was there and they were awesome. I also love their hummus.The service is on par with the food and the restaurant, small as it may be, can accommodate large groups without a problem. The only thing I would change is the volume. It can be quite loud on the weekends. That's probably the 30 year old fighting to come out of me though.  Nothing a third glass of Sangria can't fix.
<review# 467,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2013,8/11/2013,122,249,,6,4>I've heard about this place from Indian friends before, but haven't had a chance to check it out in person until recently. Came with the hubs on a Saturday afternoon around 2:30pm. The place was packed with Indian folks--you know it's a good sign when an ethnic restaurant is full of its own ethnic people. I get a good feeling about this. I order the masala dosa and the hubs gets the special fried rice. Also got the fried potato balls (vada) and a mango lassi. The fried rice comes out pretty quickly. It's very flavorful, with bits of fried mushroom and paneer. Can't go wrong with fried. The outside of the potato balls was a little bit soggy, but the stuffing (potato with spices) is tasty. The mango lassi was a mistake... it was WAY too sweet and thick. I can make it better. I had to add water to it to thin it down. Sadness. But the best part of the lunch, IMO, was the dosa. We had to wait a while for it, to the point that I thought they'd forgotten about it. When it came out, I realized it was huge! The dosa was crispy perfection, and the stuffing on the inside was the same as the one in the potato vada. Tasty stuff. It also comes with coconut chutney and the standard lentil soup. All very good complements to the dosa. I'll be back for the dosa again! Yummy in my tummy. PS- half of the store is a all sweets place. The other half (in the back) offers vegetarian savory Indian fare.
<review# 468,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2013,8/10/2013,295,160,3,3,4>THERE ARE NO WORDS TO DESCRIBE THE DOUGHNUTS. I hate when people talk in caps, but this is the one time it is necessary. DELICIOUS does not begin to describe these orgasmic bites of Heaven. They are unlike ANY OTHER DOUGHNUT you have ever had! I have dreams about the Jalapeño Lime flavor ... DREAMS.
<review# 469,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2013,8/9/2013,113,103,4,4,5>First, I can't believe it took me so long to get over here. What to say that hasn't been said? Great for a quick dinner, great for a date ;) (bring your own wine too) It's like being together with people enjoying the experience, but also being separate in your personal experience. Ok on to the food: we ate the San Genarro  with sausage, sweet red pepper, fresh mozzarella, and onion. Simple and so delicious. The flavor was like taking an authentic trip through Italy with your love and then arriving at a vineyard with fresh sheets on the bed, a vintage red in your glass, and lots of smiles. Also, don't forget about the custom olive oil dipping sauce - really adds a subtle touch of warmth. (Fresh garlic, say whaaaa!) Anthony Bourdain was right (duh) - I will be back.
<review# 470,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2013,8/8/2013,141,352,2,8,6>They opened a new Water pad for the kids over by the carousel and train.  With our membership, the zoo is a great place to go on Sunday mornings.  There is plenty of free parking.  You can bring in your own food.  If you have the $129 membership, after 6 months, your kids ride unlimited rides at every visit.  You can bring in your own food, and see lots of great animals. My favorite perk is that right outside the zoo on Sundays is an amazing farmers market that is kid friendly.
<review# 471,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2013,8/7/2013,214,189,6,7,7>Back when we lived in Midtown, a night starting out with "Where do you want to go for dinner?" frequently ended up here. With new items daily, we never knew what we'd find (although we could pretty much rely on their chili to be on the menu). From their tasty soups to their flavorful salads, we could always find healthy fare here. Even knowing that I could get a deep-fried, bacon-wrapped Twinkie just down the way in the same strip mall, I would be fittingly sated after meals here. Not that it stopped me from wanting it.
<review# 472,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2013,8/6/2013,234,141,5,8,7>WHOA!This place is beautiful inside. This came as quite a surprise, you know, being in EAV and all. It's a nice change from the other establishments in the neighborhood. The bartenders were observant and it was a packed bar. The pizzas were OK, nothing to write home about. However, their kitchen is open late and I love having the option to order afer a few cocktails. The layout of the space is interesting. You have one main open space wth two elevated spaces above. My favorite space to have a drink would most definitely be the far end of the bar with loungy chairs, almost a VIP feeling. Yeah, it's uber hip. But else would you want in EAV?
<review# 473,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2013,8/5/2013,97,142,7,5,4>"Uh oh! These cupcakes are DANGEROUS!"This is the declaration of my coworker as he devoured the Tiramisu cupcake I'd given him. I'm not exaggerating... this man was eating it with his bare hands scooping the filling out of the middle with his finger lolThey really shine with their more "decadent" flavors: Tres Leches, Tiramisu, the various chocolate and caramel varieties. I've easily spent upwards of $50 on cupcakes.... Yeah it's embarrassing. Especially since I usually find myself here after a workout (oops!)The only thing is... their Lemon cupcakes are merely "okay" and the Key Lime cupcakes are... well... not good. That makes me sad, because I love me some key lime cake! But overall Endulge rocks pretty hard! I will definitely continue to shamelessly drag my ass back here again and again...Smh lol
<review# 474,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2013,8/4/2013,192,199,3,5,5>Margaritas, tacos, margaritas, salsa, margaritas, guacamole....these are a few of my favorite things.I kind of love this place. I don't know if it's just that it's close to my apartment or if it's because I ALWAYS get margaritas and leave happy. But I really do love it. Any time someone asks where I want to go, this is always my first response. I don't know why. The staff is friendly, but it does take a little while to get the food unless you're sitting at the bar. The food is good, the margaritas are delightful. I pretty much always get the Texan. And we almost always get a pitcher, or three. They also have the BEST salsa so far of any of the places I've tried around here.They have a ton of taco options, and as far as I'm concerned, why order anything else? They have buffalo chicken tacos, fajita tacos, chicken philly tacos, fish tacos, etc. And they are all so good. The salads are okay, the quesadillas are really good, even the burritos are yummy, but I always order the tacos. Try it. Start with the tacos, and then order something new on your next visit, if you can ;)
<review# 475,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2013,8/3/2013,176,115,1,6,4>Everything I love in a Park! (Except the parking)I've been walking/running here with my pooch and I love that there's both a small and large dog park area. The areas both appeared relatively clean and dogs and owners were civilized (mostly!) On Saturday mornings there's a ton of runners, boot campers, soccer players, ultimate frisbee games and so forth. Very inspiring for those needing a push to get active. Also on Saturdays through Dec there's the green market. There's an adequate numbers of vendors but not necessarily extensive. I got some awesome raw honey and the rare green garlic which made THE best homemade pesto ever! Most recently I attended the ATL Jazz Festival, which is a can't miss event! Ands it Free! what?? There were maybe 30 food vendors and plenty of beer/wine/cocktails stands as well. But who needs them! This is the perfect time to make it a day at the park an bring your food, drinks, kids and friends. I had a blast enjoying the music and vibe of the park.
<review# 476,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2013,8/2/2013,24,126,,7,2>I was sad to lose Sauced and was a little weary of any replacement not meeting the standards that I enjoyed at Sauced, but after my first visit to  Boccalupo I was extremely impressed.Although some of the decor has lost the unique vibe for a more chic minimalist look it's still a great space for a restaurant. The staff were excellent. Our hostess saw us to our table and our server was excellent. She (our server) handled the group of 12 of us expertly, explaining dishes, wine and pairings without being aloof, distant, disinterested, bitchy or ignorant (sadly those happen too often in Atlanta restaurants).  Even the busser cleaned the table and refilled water at a very comfortable pace.So to the food. Hot damn it was great. Italian is not my favorite food, and it's a cuisine that can be ruined pretty quickly. think bland sauces, too rich & heavy, too much oil, too much tomato sauce over EVERYTHING. Boccalupo nailed every single dish on the table.  For appetizers we ordered the grilled asparagus with poached egg and the bruscetta bahn mi.  Both of these dishes were great. Although I'm not exactly sure why it was called the Bahn Mi it didn't seem to be very vietnamese to me but it tasted excellent. The heaping of slow cooked pork was excellent, it was juicy and delicious. A pro tip is to get some of the egg yolk from the Asparagus on the bruscetta and it really was incredible! Grilled asparagus was cook to perfection and the presentation (of all dishes) was superb.On to the entree's; we had the Black spaghetti and the 20 yolk tagliatelle. Both of these were popular suggestions everywhere I looked (FourSquare, Yelp etc) and with good reason.The Spaghetti was flavorful, spicy and peppery but not painful (especially to me who can't handle chili spice at all ). The tagliatelle was rich and creamy without being heavy. I'm not sure how many yolks go into normal tagliatelle but this one was great. We had 2 glasses of wine each with dinner and left the restaurant for under $120 including 22% tip. The menu is extremely reasonably priced. No entrees were over $20. If we had wanted we could have split an app and had 2 entres maybe 1 glass of wine each and got out for around $75. The service and food was definitely impressive and I know for certain where I'll be going when I want pasta again. I hope this place stays around for a long while.
<review# 477,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2013,8/1/2013,145,240,,5,4>Desta is easily one of my favorite restaurants in the Atlanta area. The food is utterly satisfying. Flavors are subtle but completely pop with each mouthful of tib-laden injera I cram in. The servers are always super-friendly even during their crowded peek hours.Typically we (party of 2) just make an order of fish tibs and ribeye tibs and call it a night. The ribeye has that caramelized fatty, unctuous beef flavor while the fish remains a bit leaner but a crunchy textural delight. Add in a side of the lentils and potato stew and I'm spent. The use of spices couldn't be any more perfect - all food should be seasoned/spiced this well. You get just the slightest creeping heat from the jalapeño and berber, savory notes from garlic and spice, along with tang of tomato and citrus. Top off a piece of slightly sour, yeasty injera and you've got a bite fit for kings.The injera is perfect, the tibs sublime and the atmosphere is celebratory and often crowded without being flat-out annoying. During warm weather they also have a great patio. Lastly, they're open late night (kicking myself for not going there) and a drive through.I've tried the competition and it doesn't come close.
<review# 478,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2013,7/31/2013,80,44,6,9,7>The is the absolute best hookah spot in the city. I've tried them all, and while MINT Lounge is close to my heart (and across the street) I must admit that the ambiance, cocktails, and sheesha quality are better. Getting me here was like pulling teeth! Boy am I glad I came. The hookah is very strong and the drinks are STIFF! The service is conducted by beautiful Ethiopian ladies! They are accommodating and will constantly refill your hookah. (We had to give a commanding "No-More". Lol) I left feeling woozy and damn near emotional. I think we over-indulged!The space is tight, so prepare to get cozy with your date and whisper in each other's ears or go to knee-to-knee with your friends!You won't regret it!
<review# 479,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2013,7/30/2013,777,438,2,8,5>Isaac S. and I sojourned to the General Muir for dinner on a Friday evening. We did not have reservations, but there was not a wait and we were seated promptly. The restaurant does not validate parking but the deck allows for complimentary 2 hour parking. I really like the interior; checkered floors, glossy white tiles, vintage images along the walls. There are a lot of windows so I can imagine how nice it must be to dine here during the daytime. Instead of flowers, each table was adorned with thyme-filled miniature jars (Bocado-esque). I like the overall clean, cool, vintage feel of the restaurant. For our appetizer, we opted for the fried avocados. It was a new menu item and I have never had a dish like this before. The avocados were lightly battered and fried. It was served with accouterments of fresh strawberries slices, pomegranates, whipped cream, and parsley garnish. It was a very refreshing appetizer. Unfortunately, it's no longer on their menu. osh kosh, b'gosh darnit. Regardless, their appetizer selection is great. I had my eyes on the chopped liver for some time before deciding on the avocados. We like the West Egg and Bocado. Therefore, a collaboration between the aforementioned parties seemed like it would color my world,  Also, we've tried the Bocado burger. We dig it. We wanted to try the General Muir's double stack for completeness.The dinner double stack is served with fries. The Isaac S. substituted the fries for potato salad bc that's his thing. I stayed loyal to the french fries. The potato salad contained bell peppers and isn't too rich. It was good, although I would have liked the tubers to be a little more cooked. It's just a personal preference. The burger is pretty dope and I demolished it. Two juicy beef patties nestled betwixt two soft, toasted onion buns...it's so beautiful. It's served with 2 slices of American cheese, lettuce, red onion. It's the juiciest burger I have had in a while. The dessert menu is quite awesome as well. We vacillated between the ice cream cookie and the carrot cake. Judging from the other tables that ordered desserts, we couldn't go wrong with either option. We decided on the carrot cake. It was supremely moist and filled w fun bits of carrots and nuts. It's the best carrot cake I have ever had and I've had a lot of carrot cakes. I really like places that offer patrons their own water pitcher. I drink water like it's nobody's business so I appreciate that convenience. The service was great and attentive. I'd definitely come back to try what's cookin' at the General Muir.
<review# 480,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2013,7/29/2013,37,313,3,7,5>TIP: Free parking in the back. There is a lot on the side that charges $10 per vehicle. They will ticket and boot.Wow! Great service and great food. I came here for my first "southern" food experience. We ordered a wide array of dishes:- Deep fried green tomatoes: they were average. Has the texture of a tomato but can't quite put my finger on what it tastes like. But it is fried and a lot of people like fried things so go for it if you've never tried it.- Sauteed shrimp: pretty good. It's not buttered so in my opinion, it tastes great because it doesn't have the preservative or butter taste.- Waffles: Plain tastes better than the maple but it's up to your opinion on that. Nevertheless, it comes with a lot of syrup or butter depending on what you like. Either way, it's good to eat.- Fried chicken: This was the BEST part. I've had southern fried chicken before but none really compares to this. Why? The batter was crispy but the chicken was also tender but thoroughly cooked. It melts in your mouth and melds the flavor inside your mouth. Definitely give it a try.- Grits w/ cheese: Really good for a first try but it can be a lot. They give you a HUGE bowl. But it does taste good (almost like there is chicken broth in the flavoring) and the cheese gives it a nice kick.The best part of the night was the waitress Victoria, who served 4 of us our food and then the 5th person showed up late. She kindly nudged our 5th party member to order something and was very convincing because he ended up getting an omelette. It was really good food overall and I'd definitely give it a try!
<review# 481,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2013,7/28/2013,296,419,3,3,3>Why didn't I eat at Leon's Full service earlier?I stopped in here for a snack. So a friend and I ordered the appetizers chicken sausage with bok choy and chick pea salad with cheese.The quality of the food was amazing. The chicken sausage came with a mustard type sauce that was creamy and sweet. Chick pea salad had no greens but a mix of chunks of cheese and dried cherries and the presentation of both of the foods were awesome. And the cocktails here are good too!My server was took care of us and kept filling out waters even though we didn't order much.
<review# 482,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/5/2013,7/27/2013,458,1067,5,6,8>It all started with a statement - not a question - that I couldn't turn down."Let me take you to dinner."And with that my romance with Edward L. officially started. Our first date? Briza. I immediately thought of coming here because of the great time we had at the Gold Elite Dinner that Kathleen M. hosted. Their menu is updated seasonally and Chef Falvo is still in the kitchen. Yaaay!I made reservations online through their Yelp profile using Open Table. We arrived on time and they immediately seated us at a great, private booth. The chef sent out a specialty appetizer for free since we checked in (double yaaay!).Drinks were delicious. Dinner was amazing. The night was lovely. Two months later we still enjoy dinners together. Maybe Briza is a good luck charm?? Who knows. I do know they Tweeted me the next day to ask about the evening. Very sweet follow-up!
<review# 483,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2013,7/26/2013,198,333,5,13,6>Certainly sad to not get the FTR on this, but tis ok, I made it to Guy's newest spot on opening day, which was the goal and it did not disappoint. Even though the line was a tad long, they got those orders out quick, even the to go's. The buns were steamed to perfection and have cute little wrappers under them labeled with what they are so you don't have to guess. I haven't tried one I didn't like yet and they have had a Peaches n' Cream one for dessert! When you order a half dozen of them they even give you another for free!We all agreed the price was right! I had a tasty bowl of Mongolian beef w/ brown rice, a char siu BBQ pork bun and drink for $12 w/ tip and it was delicious!! The atmosphere is comfy and there's ample street and garage parking that's all free so there's really no excuse to get over there and check it out for lunch or dinner! Oh, did I mention it's healthy??? The buns are in the 180 cals range, the portion-sizes are perfect and they have brown rice and quinoa options. Other than the Pepsi machine installed in Coke territory I would say Guy is spot-on with this new spot and I could see there being many more of these popping up around the city!Oh, for those of you heading there soon, no liquor license yet, but it's coming.
<review# 484,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2013,7/25/2013,78,155,2,7,5>The Golden Buddha is very near my job, and I ate there once when I first started here and wasn't too impressed. Thing is, when we host large groups visiting from our partner programs in China, we usually end up at "the Buddha" a few times for meals. We don't order from the American menu; instead, they prepare a variety of traditional Chinese dishes. I am pretty sure they can whip these things up any time, though. We had a lot of visitors at work in November and December, and I knew I was going to be eating a lot of Chinese food. Honestly, I was not looking forward to it based on my earlier experience. All in all, I ate at the Buddha about 18 times in a three week period. Turns out the reason I didn't care for their food is because I ordered the wrong thing. Step away from American food like General Tso's and explore a little! Some of my favorite dishes included a pork & pineapple stir fry, amazing noodle soup bowls, pepper fried shrimp, and chicken wings. The wings are part of the regular menu and are soooo tasty! They cut them partially off the bone so they are easier to eat, which I like. The primary reason we always end up back at the Golden Buddha is because the staff really takes care of the guests. They are so attentive and take care of special requests and large groups. Can there be a more ringing endorsement of a restaurant than, after eating there constantly, I was excited to have the leftovers? Go, check it out and become a fan like I am.
<review# 485,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2013,7/24/2013,37,241,,9,7>From the patinaed door to the smiling staff - you know you're in for a treat when you step into Cous Cous. The patio is complete with a multi-colored string lights, flowers, herbs and shade. Inside select the bar, tables, or banquet with pillow rolls for your dining pleasure. For the moment you've stepped into another space/place. Exploring is key since Tunisia and Tunisian food isn't common fare.This is the perfect spot to share several starters/small plates and salads before focusing on your main course.  During our first visit, we tried:Grilled merguez - grilled lamb sausage with cucumber relish, Dijon mustard and pickled onions  The sausage is nicely seasoned (not too spicy) and the cucumber relish is also available in a salad.Brika - Shane, the manager explained that this is an off-the-beaten-path dish - it was wonderful! This Tunisian turnover includes potato, parsley, egg, Parmesan and tuna.Grilled Charmoula Shrimp Skewers - with Georgia peach salsa and fresh herbs - beautifully grilled and spiced.Fried Beer Battered Cauliflower with a roasted red bell pepper coulis - our favorite out of a selection of delicious starters!Each of us ordered a different coucous feast for a main course - seafood, vegetables, lamb and roasted chicken. Delicious! The meat and vegetables were perfectly cooked - fork tended and beautifully seasoned.For dessert we shared the chocolate mouse (light, fluffy and silky - the chocolate was divine not too rich -- just right to top off the meal) and the creme brulee (perfect crisp sugar top with a strawberry slices seeped in rosewater -- nice touch).The wine program is approachable with wines offered by the glass or bottle and grouped by price points. The selection includes wines from around the world and the beers offered included several options from off the beaten-path - another nice touch.We tried an Austrian wine - Love Over Money Green Eyes (Gruner Veltliner) - again Shane was very helpful offering suggestions on the wine. So put yourself in his hands (or the other able staff members) and have a memorable evening near the park and beltline.We'll be back -- as we still need to sample the soup, salads and other entrees. Cous Cous is an exciting addition to the Atlanta food scene.
<review# 486,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2013,7/23/2013,139,107,,6,4>Delicious Cuban food - fast!Food:They have great Cuban sandwiches here. The bread is crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside. The meat is tasty. They use the perfect amount of cheese, pickles and sauce so each bite is a medley of flavors. Their black beans and rice are to die for. I mix them together and it is so good. At  $2 a total steal. I always stick with the Cuban and the beans and rice. They have some great looking specials I will have to try though. Take Out:Phone ordering is easy. It's ready in 5-10 minutes. Order is always correct.They have a separate take-out order place. The restaurant is downstairs.Atmosphere:I've done the restaurant. Dark and dingy. I'll stick with the takeout. This is a great deal for Cuban. I'll have to branch out and try the specials.
<review# 487,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2013,7/22/2013,167,170,4,7,3>So I'm usually never in the Virginia Highland area so I'm new to everything around here. Girlfriend was in town and she was craving seafood so we decided to try this place out. My first time, not hers. She apparently knew what she wanted. This place is good though. A bit higher tier on seafood, but I say you pay for good seafood in the Atlanta area though. So expect walking out with a bill about $50 for a appetizer and 2 entrees, which I honestly don't think is a bad deal for 2 people considering it's seafood. If you're complaining about prices, did that 3 $ sign not give you a clue? As you sit down, instead of regular bread, they give you sweet cornbread. Man, do I love cornbread, but more importantly, SWEET cornbread. I loved this cornbread. Let me tell you. Soft, flakey, had a nice chew to it. I would order this as a side. So like everyone here has said, you HAVE to get the mussels. It will be the best $10 you have spent in this restaurant. You think you're gonna get a measly bowl of mussels that can barely feed anyone right? No. This is a legit entree replacement right here. Nice and large, juicy mussels that will wow you in every sense. We also ordered the lobster mac n' cheese along with the bowl which consisted of shrimp, mussels, fish, tomatoes, corn, scallops, and sausages. Now as for portion servings, I thought each one of the three was generous in what they served. The mac n cheese was literally what you expect. Nice large chunks of lobsters floating somewhere in that casserole dish of mac-n-cheese which happens to be a blend of 3 cheeses. It tasted really rich in my opinion, a lot of cheddar cheese. I think it's more cheesy and less creamy if that matters to you at all. There was one piece of lobster claw that wasn't even bothered to be cut up, just that 3/4 piece of claw all in one piece. Don't care, i'm having me a lobster piece it looks like. Not the best mac-n-cheese I've ever had, but I'll give it top 4. The bowl could be left to be desired. They only included one piece of scallop which I wished at least make it 2 pieces, they had at least two pieces of everything else. The fish piece there was a bit different, but welcomed. Fresh, not fishy, flaky. Sausage bits were small, but I would've liked them more if they were bigger in size. The sauce that everything was in was a tomato fish stock (that's what it was listed) but tasted a bit too....tomato? It took away some of the seafood taste in my opinion. Overall, I think I over ordered. I would've been happy with more cornbread, an order of mussels and possibly the mac-n-cheese. And this is for a party of 2. I share everything, not ordering for an entree just for myself, so I can see someone getting tired of the mac-n-cheese very quickly if that is your entree (just food for thought). I nearly got full on the mussels which took me by surprise. Man, I think i'm still going on about those mussels....I can't be the only one right?
<review# 488,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2013,7/21/2013,30,507,5,8,7>It is very hard to go to the Sweet Auburn market and not get some of Miss D's popcorn. She is also hard to miss considering she is right by the entrance and exit near the parking lot. You can smell her popcorn anywhere in the market, even near some of the questionable pig and cow intestines. I have a weakness for her caramel popcorn. It comes in a plastic tub and sometimes it is even warm! She uses real caramel and several pieces are stuck together and it is deliciously sticky, which of course, I love! You can't have just one tub so I recommend you take one or two for the ride. While I have never tried her namesake, the pralines, I am sure they're delicious too. She also has caramel and candy apples the size of my head by her cash register. Next time you're in the neighborhood or coming in to stock up on random veggies and meats, stop by Miss D's and try the popcorn. You'll love it as much as I do!
<review# 489,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2013,7/20/2013,151,132,12,14,11>I'm a sucker for a street food. I grew up in NYC where all great food was hailed from steaming carts on a corner or silver coaches parked by the beach. I love the convenience, the mobility, and the ingenuity regarding the flavors and ingredients. The food truck park is a nifty idea. A bunch of food trucks rent a space in a lot and just park there. The food trucks rotate often so I recommend checking the website before you go.The park itself is all gravel and rocks, so don't wear heels ladies. I saw trucks selling Bahn Mi, Tacos, Vegan bites, Ice Pops, BBQ, Cupcakes, Indian fare, and Asian fare.I had:Vendor: Tex's Taco: Food:  A pulled pork taco with vinegar basted pulled pork, honey-lime garden slaw and BBQ sauce. The flavor was a 4 out of 5. Tasty slaw and sauce. The pork was good but I was a little creeped out by it because it was so pink in some parts. I showed it to some friends, who said it looked done. But I prefer a longer roast on my pork. No pink please. ($4)Vendor: Sweet Auburn BBQ. Food: Loaded baked potato salad and BBQ pork taco. This taco was soooo damn good, I wanted to slap someone with it. My mouth did a jig and sang a song of a new found love. I can't even remember what all was in it, except for perfectly done pork, spicy pickles, a sweet/spicy slaw, and mouth watering sauce. Just when I thought it couldn't get any better, I took a bite of the loaded potato salad. The potato salad was so good I wanted to scoop it into a waffle cone and eat it like a 5 year old at a park. I'm serious guys. This is how I felt... media.tumblr.com/tumblr_ ($9 for 2 tacos and salad) Vendor: Italian Ices (I forget the name) I usually opt for King of Pops, but I wanted to get old school with it and grab an Italian Ice. The vendor lady was very sweet and let me mix flavors to my hearts desire. It was perfect, a good portion,and refreshing. Cherry, Lemon, Raspberry. ($3.50)The DJ was good, playing relevant pop and hosting a "Name that tune" trivia. It was fun.Parking is located behind the lot and it is free.There are wooden picnic tables set up throughout the park with umbrella shades. Overall the food was a little pricey but well worth it for a sweet stroll with a date or quick lunch break.Wear: Boat shoes and a polo OR a summer dress and some wedges. Don't wear: Those things that hold the sunglasses around your neck. I hate those.:)
<review# 490,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2013,7/19/2013,286,463,8,13,12>Woody's is pretty darn fantastic! Their customer service is wonderful, the food is HOT and fast and you can't beat the taste.A group of us visited this restaurant on Saturday night after the Final Fantasy Symphony event at the Woodruff Arts Center.  We were all hungry after listening to 2 plus hours of music and suggested visiting Woody's!I've always wanted to check this place out because of all the chatter on FB about it. To our surprise, the food was really great and I was surprised by the overall experience.They have a fantastic outdoor patio with streaming christmas lights and all. The view from the patio is Monroe street but you won't even notice because you'll be distracted by your delicious philly cheesesteak, italian sausage or hot dog!  The meat is plentiful, the cheese is the perfect amount of "gooey-ness" and the bread is toasted just right.Be sure to stop by for your philly cheesesteak cravings and what not. It's fast service and you won't regret it! Looking forward to visiting again because I heard their milkshakes are wonderful and am happy to see the tasty King of Pops popsicles being sold here as well :)
<review# 491,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2013,7/18/2013,53,177,,5,5>529 is fastly becoming one of the better venues to see small acts...it has downfalls but good music, beer and a great divey atmosphere can fix anything.The bar is, um, slender.  It's a little tight to get around the bar.  The stage area is alright and when they open the space next door it really opens up.Only 2 if those single person bathrooms so be prepared to wait in line.  And, there's not much space between the bar and the spot in front of the bathrooms so prepared to be cramped. The bartenders rock and are fast!  They do a good job considering I can barely hear myself talk and but they can hear my order somehow...They also have an outside area which is good during the warmer months.  I couldn't tell exactly, but it looks like you can order drinks and sit in this little patio area.  The bar has a 'drive-thru' window so I think that is what it's for.  This is a great place to see a band...AND, they have a lot of local shows and national touring acts that don't quite fit into The Earl or the Masquerade.
<review# 492,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2013,7/17/2013,1772,1772,9,29,14>Harmony is a vegetarian Chinese restaurant.  How unique is that?  It's located in the Orient Center on Buford Highway.  This is the same shopping center where Penang, Pho Bac, Mini Hot Pot, and Viet Tofu are located.  Judging from the plentiful five star reviews and a few endorsements from personal friends and acquaintances, vegetarians/vegans seem to really like this place.At first glance, Harmony's menu looks like a typical Chinese restaurant menu, except everything is 100% vegetarian.  There's pork, chicken, beef, seafood, and vegetable dishes, along with soups, hot pot, noodles, and various chef's specials.  There's also a lunch menu.  All of the meats are imitation meats.The menu items are affordable.  Most dinner entrees are priced between $8.50 to $9.50.  Most of the chef's specials are $9.50 to $10.50.  This is generally less expensive than the restaurant's non-vegetarian counterparts.  Lunch entrees are only $5.50 each.  A lot of customers stop by for take-out.I've tried several dishes.  They include:Chinese pizzaSteamed Shanghai dumplingsBamboo shoots and black mushroomsEggplant with garlic sauceBeef (imitation) with broccoliBuddhist Delight - tofu and vegetablesSauteed spicy chicken (imitation) with vegetablesPeking duck (imitation)Lamb (imitation) with string beansFish fillet (imitation) with black bean sauceOne criticism I have is the menu is not descriptive enough.  The Chinese pizza is simply called "Chinese pizza" with no description.  Different dumplings are available, but the names aren't descriptive enough to know what's in them.  So, the servers are very important since they have to be relied upon to give helpful descriptions.To be honest, when it wasn't evident what I was eating, I didn't really know what I was eating.  This was generally the case with the imitation meats and the dumplings.  The vegetables, like broccoli and carrots, were pretty obvious of course.  I believe most of the imitation meats are soy and tofu-based.As one of my friends put it, the Chinese pizza is most similar to a flattened samosa.  It has the same sort of crispy, flaky, fried exterior.  The inside was a little dense and smooth.  It's not a bad appetizer and goes great with the accompanying sweet and salty sauce.In appearance, the Shanghai dumplings resemble large soup dumplings (xiaolongbao), but there is no soup to be found inside.  The dumplings are served in a traditional circular wooden dim sum basket.  Like the Chinese pizza, the filling of the Shanghai dumplings is somewhat dense and filling.  Assorted minced vegetables are inside.  Accompanying this order is a thin, salty sauce, which you can spoon over the dumplings.  There are six dumplings per order and it's ideal for sharing.Many of the dishes, such as the bamboo shoots with black mushrooms and the eggplant with garlic sauce, are pretty straightforward.  The vegetables are stir-fried with plenty of sauce.  Sometimes, almost too much sauce.  Additional ingredients in the bamboo shoot-black mushroom dish include carrots, snow peas, and water chestnuts.  The eggplant dish has sliced white onion and scallions.  I really like the eggplant dish.The "beef" in the beef with broccoli dish is... interesting.  The texture reminds me of tofu or bean curd.  It's funny how this restaurant attempts to have its imitation meats match closely to the real thing.  This imitation beef has nowhere near the chew or savory flavor of real beef, but it's a good effort.  This same sort of bean curd can be found in the Buddhist Delight dish, which has slightly thicker, chewier strands of wrinkly, multi-layered tofu.  Other ingredients in the Buddhist Delight include broccoli, mushrooms, snow peas, carrots, and baby corn.The sauteed spicy chicken is indeed spicy.  All of the ingredients in this dish are chopped into small pieces including the "chicken," carrots, green bell pepper, baby corn, onion, and peanuts.Some of the more fascinating dishes are the duck, lamb, and fish.  The duck was totally served Peking duck style with "pancake" wraps (similar to soft flour tortillas), raw scallions, and sweet brown sauce.  The "duck" looks like a loaf of Spam sliced into several equal-size pieces (it's much better than Spam).  This is actually a pretty good dish and I recommend it.I also recommend the lamb with string beans.  It's easily the tastiest "meat" dish I've tried at Harmony.  The faux lamb resembles real lamb and it tastes good too.  A flavorful dish and one of my favorites of the ones listed above.I don't recommend the "fish" in black bean sauce.  I love black bean sauce, but it just completely drowns out the fish.  Random broccoli are thrown around the fish for good measure.  It's not a terrible plate, but the others are better.The staff is great.  They're Chinese, friendly, accommodating, and efficient.The atmosphere is casual and a little strange.  The odd decor reminds me of a child's bedroom.As a non-vegetarian, I'd come back.
<review# 493,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2013,7/16/2013,90,173,3,4,3>If you don't have a sense of humor, don't even bother setting foot in Church. I've heard way too many people claiming they are going to burn in hell because they were in there. Do yourself a favor and leave. Grant has created an establishment where every part of the bar is a conversation piece, from the art, to the trinkets, to the people that get a bit too drunk and put on the choir robes (I've done it. You will too.).You walk in and no one is having a bad time. Iit can get super packed on the weekends, and if a bar gets back on the weekends, there's only a matter of time that it gets overrun by hipsters. There's only 1 bar downstairs (I reaaally wish there was one upstairs) that causes people to pack in right by the entrance. So if you do get a drink, go ahead and get a few so you don't have to wait again. I enjoy Church since it is non-smoking, and clean. There's constantly someone walking around cleaning tables and grabbing the empty bottles. The bathrooms stay pretty clean considering how many people go through there (They were out of TP when I went but grab a few napkins and you're good). If someone catches you not smiling, they will make it known and lift your spirits up. You don't feel like you need to be part of an elite club walking in here. No one is ill-willed, everyone just wants to have a blast. And the sangria is awesome.
<review# 494,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2013,7/15/2013,62,94,,11,5>This is a great place to come if you have a group and some time to kill.  Otherwise, its probably not affordable or time-efficient.  Most of the food was very good, and if you consider that is made, and often delivered by one of the top chefs in this city, its not completely unreasonably priced.  If you come in here on a date though, you could easily and unintentionally spend $100.  We came in a group of 5, split everything evenly, and ended up spending $50 a person. We also tried almost everything on the menu.The Best:West Coast BurgerPork RibsScallopsAndres Made Something out of ChocolateThe Good:Hoppin JohnVenisonThai SaladMeh:Pork Skin Risotto- sooo disappointed by this. I was looking forward to it all night, and then when it came out the rice wasn't cooked enough.  It was chewy and a little crunchy, not creamy like risotto should be!TroutThe Bad:The noise.  Its true, it is really loud.  It could so easily be fixed by just adding some curtains, panelling, ANYTHING to absorb some of the sound bouncing around.  Will I go back?  Eh.  Maybe.  I feel like its an experience that everyone should have, but I'm not necessarily chomping at the bit to do it again.
<review# 495,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2013,7/14/2013,107,124,3,6,4>Went here last night with my girlfriends!   YUM!  I would've never seen it, if they wouldn't of suggested it!  It's behind the Aldi's grocery store, same parking lot with the El Pollo Loco & Burger King.  Now, let's get to the important stuff.....THE FOOD!The place was PACKED on Sunday!  We met up their around 3:45p, and didn't finish until a little after 6p!  Our waitress informed us that they were busy (really?  I couldn't tell by all the full tables!), and that our food was going to take a little longer than usual.  The mariachi band was playing all over the restaurant!  Very festive!! To start, they brought out a fish tostada for everyone at the table, basket of chips (which were whole tortilla chips!), saltine crackers, and some very, very, very HOT lime/habanero/garlic burn your mouth, but too good to stop eating hot sauce!  We were getting off to a good start!  I ordered the seafood soup.  It was a generous bowl, with fish, shrimp, and crab!  I kicked it up a notch, and added that crazy hot sauce, and lime juice!  YUM!  My friends at the table ordered cerviche, and shrimp cocktail.  Portions were generous, and they are not stingy on the seafood!!  All dishes were very good, and I would recommend to anyone!  I am looking forward to going back!!
<review# 496,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2013,7/13/2013,789,691,2,11,6>Honestly I'd give them 3 stars for the food and service but bumping to 4 because I love their story, the local and housemade ingredients, and I like supporting small business. I probably expected too much after reading everyone's reviews, and adding to the high expectations was the long wait outside. The food was good but to me it was just as good as other neighboring breakfast restaurants, and not worth the over 30 minute wait. The space is small so I'd recommend coming during non-peak meal times. Service is very friendly but not necessarily attentive - for my 1st visit I'd attribute it to the busyness of brunch hour, but during my 2nd visit the service was slow even though it wasn't a busy time. COMPLIMENTARY MUFFINS (during brunch) Their baked goods were yummy - blueberry muffins, chocolate chip muffins, and a cinnamon apple roll. Loved the muffins but the roll was too sweet for me. CRABCAKE BENEDICT - $14Two Maryland crabcakes topped by slow poached egg, Hollandaise sauce, and sitting on housemade English muffins. Crabcakes were salty, the eggs were good, and the muffin was just ok. Also came w/ a side of seasonal fresh fruit (melons, apples, berries). I was disappointed, and this was also one of the pricier entrees. LOX & LOX OF OMELET - $12 Funny entree name. NYC style filled omelet w/ smoked salmon & red onions, and served w/ capers and bagel w/ cream cheese. I just had a bite of Nancy R's omelet but the eggs were so good and fluffy -- I definitely recommend this dish.OVEN TURKEY GRILLED SANDWICH - $8.50I didn't try this but the sandwich looked good, and Gina C absolutely loved it. I did try her Potato Salad and thought it was bland.JOY'S REUBEN - $11.50This was another raved about entree and luckily I agreed. House cured pastrami topped w/ melted Gruyere, sauerkraut, and housemade thousand island dressing on marble rye. Pricey sandwich but portion was huge so I got two meals out of it, and my leftovers actually tasted better when reheated. Also comes w/ a side and I picked the Mediterranean Pasta Salad which I liked - sundried tomatoes, olives, carrots, peppers, feta, red wine vinaigrette. COBB SALAD - $10My friend liked her salad esp. the bleu cheese dressing - I didn't think it looked like anything special. GRILLED CHEESE - $4Although there are no kid options listed on the menu, they do offer Grilled Cheese and Quesadillas. COOKIES & MILK PIEOne of the best desserts I've ever had. Loved the cream part, and the chunks of chocolate cookies. If this is on the dessert menu, do not pass this up. CHOCOLATE ON CHOCOLATE CUPCAKEI thought it was just ok but the others in my group loved it.Next time I'd like to try their Croque Monsieur. And I would go back just for the Cookies & Milk Pie.FYI - free parking for Joy Cafe customers.
<review# 497,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2013,7/12/2013,159,524,4,23,8>In a city littered with a nauseatingly excessive number of run-of-the-mill burger joints, cupcakeries, and pay by the ounce fro-yo shops, nothing pleases me more than a culinary novelty like Chai Pani. In the end, much of the menu may be fried and not entirely consistent with traditional Indian preparations and protocol, but the food sure is delicious. The reviewers running their mouths about the authenticity of the offerings fail to comprehend the importance of catering to one's target demographic. This is the southern United States, not India - if you want to reel in the masses, then some liberties will need to be taken with execution and delivery. Food: Chai Pani specializes in stylized Indian street food, with offerings ranging from samosas and pakoras to grilled paneer salad and a masala fish wrap. During my visit, my dining partner and I opted to start with the chicken pakoras and the bombay chili cheese fries, the latter of which were a neat derivation of the American classic with spiced lamb hash and masala fries - both dishes were well prepared, portioned, flavored, and presented. For an entree, I had the parsi chicken burgers, which were seasoned with cumin, ginger, chilies, mint, and cilantro - the flavor was exceptional. Service: Every staff member - from the hostess and waitress to the food runner and manager - was friendly, welcoming, and competent. The waitress was particularly knowledgable about the menu and both willing and capable of offering recommendations. We dined on a Wednesday night and the restaurant was nearly at capacity - however, we were seated immediately and the wait between order and food delivery was less than 20 minutes. Atmosphere: The interior really hasn't been modified much since Watershed occupied  this space - the color scheme is certainly a bit brighter though, complete with several pieces of large wall art and various other Indian influences throughout. The restaurant kept the bar area in the back corner, as well as the large area by the door for patrons to sit while waiting for a table. Dress is street casual and the clientele includes everything from couples to families, as well as a handful of actual Indian people. Cost: Very reasonably priced, particularly for the generous portions. The vast majority of the offerings are $10 or less - street snacks are $3.50-$9.00, uttapam are $9.99, sandwiches and wraps are $8.99-$9.99, thali prices vary by the day with some options reaching $15. Sides are $1.00-$6.00.Other: Chai Pani is closed on Monday's. Lunch is served Tuesday-Sunday, 11:30AM-3:00pm. Dinner is served Tuesday-Thursday, 5:30PM-9:30PM, Friday-Saturday, 5:30PM-10:00PM, and Sunday, 5:30PM-9:30PM. Both dine-in and takeout service are available. Vegan and gluten-free items are clearly labeled as such on the menu. Only a limited amount of parking is available in the lot behind the restaurant, but don't forget that street parking is free in downtown Decatur after 6PM.
<review# 498,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2013,7/11/2013,342,294,6,20,16>After his success at JCT Kitchen, No. 246, and The Optimist, it's 'bout time Ford made it to Buckhead. Like his other joints, King + Duke has the power of presence with a "come as you are" vibe which is unique to this area of Atlanta. The staff won't look down on you for wearing jeans, or shun you for only ordering water to drink. It's all about Southern hospitality. For those of y'all who've been to the prime real estate at the corner of West Paces Ferry and Peachtree, you wouldn't recognize it from when the space was formerly Nava. The Southwestern earthy colors have been replaced by a cool palette of grays, blues, steel, reclaimed wood, and a massive 24-ft. hearth cooking up savory wood-fired cuisine. King + Duke's interior dining room is filled with cushy banquettes and small tables perfect for conversation and cocktails.The patio at King + Duke will certainly draw a crowd. The design team constructed an awning over the majority of the deck, then swathed the archways in fabric and tinkling lights. Gentlemen, take note: you can impress a lady by bringing her here for the architectural elements alone. But the food can stand on its own.My friend and I came here for lunch. We started with the aged gouda served with pickled plums (in a jam/jelly type form) and grilled bread. It was perfect for sharing, but between two people we couldn't finish all the cheese. For entrees, she had the turkey sandwich and I had the grilled cheese, followed by the phenomenal "Dates & Ale" which is a toffee bread pudding served piping hot and swimming in a Sweetwater IPA cream sauce. If it wasn't for the mug of coffee (yes, a mug, not some dainty little cup) then I would've been in a food coma going back to work. In total, lunch plus tax & tip was ~$25. But it was so worth it, because like Ford's other restaurants, the service is top notch. Our server, Jess, was lovely. Our water glasses were always full, and she took the time to explain the details about the restaurant. King + Duke's name comes from "Huckleberry Finn" (re: "these liars warn't no kings nor dukes") and it's wonderful to see the restaurant keep the literary theme through several elements. For example, the cocktail list is bound in a book featuring quotes from famous writers such as Ernest Hemingway and Edith Wharton, plus the cocktails' names pay homage to Tom Sawyer and other significant fictional characters. At the end of the meal, our check was presented in a small leather case branded with the words: "In Memory of Pleasant Hours". Ford Fry has proved that not only is he a remarkable restauranteur but also an aesthete. That's one of those words I finally get to use from my collegiate days as an English minor (who would've thought that would come in handy!) Ford's appreciation of art and beauty translated into all the aesthetic elements which truly make King + Duke a 5-star offering. Who knows? Maybe one day Ford Fry will be just as famous as Mark Twain himself.
<review# 499,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2013,7/10/2013,141,223,5,4,6>I was walking around downtown with a few friends on our way to The Highlander, and saw this place. It caught my attention because it looked... Well, weird. And I am all for some weird. It really is a variety store in every sense of the word. You can find oodles of kitschy things here. From interesting books (cookbooks, "man" books, children's books), housewares (individual ramekins, spatulas, baking dishes), old school toys, candies (American and international), costumes (the ever popular horse head is sold here), and so many other little and big things. This place is the perfect place to get a gift for someone who likes odd toys or things, or someone who has a sense of humor.The store is huge enough that if you get separated from your friends, you might actually have trouble finding them. It really is a cool little store, and definitely a great place to take an out-of-town friend, as well. I'll be going back for more explorations eventually, for sure.
<review# 500,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2013,7/9/2013,64,359,,5,1>Nuts and bolts: I love steakhouses and want to make my way around to all the major ones over time while I live in Atlanta.  Visited as a long overdue birthday dinner.Pros: A wonderful visit!  Both my b/f and I order the filet.  It was cooked perfectly, was tender and flavorful, and tasted amazing.  The side dishes were actually hot.  Take heed Chops.  We ordered mashed potatoes and fried onion rings as sides.  Both were great.  The pecan pie is served with ice cream and is also great.  You get superb service here. Which is expected at a high end joint like this.  Great atmosphere.Cons: I think valet parking is your only option.  :-( C'est la vie.  It's Buckhead.Take home message: A return visit is definitely in the cards.
<review# 501,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2013,7/8/2013,56,30,6,8,8>I really had to stop and think about how I gave other restaurants 5 stars after having dinner here for the first time.  This place just seemed to be on another level.  First, let me throw out a mind boggling number for you.  On that Saturday night they almost had 1,000 guests just for reservations.  That is crazy and looks like I'm not the only one that really likes this place.  I didn't have reservations so I expected a wait.  Up front Dwight told me that for a table for two it's a two and a half hour wait.  He was able to get me and my guest at the chef's counter without waiting.  My boy Dwight hooked it up!  Okay there was seating available at the chef's counter but I'll pretend he hooked it up for me.Annie was our server at the chef's counter.  After ordering a couple drinks, she brought out ciabatta with olive oil infused with chili oil.  I told her you didn't have to do all that for me, bread and butter would have worked but I appreciate the extra effort.  She said everyone gets it but I preferred to ignore that part and believed I was getting some special treatment tonight.  The drinks were decent.  I remember having some kind of bourbon julep and also remember that the love potion #2 was quite strong.  It's more of a simple and limited menu to choose from.  Don't expect to flip through lots of pages as it's a one sheeter.  Despite being one sheet, there were a lot of choices that sounded appealing to me but I decided to go with the bistro steak and my guest went with the brisket which she really liked.  The bistro steak was excellent and the yellow corn chimichurri that came with it was something I don't have often and was really good.  I tried some of the brisket and it was it pretty good but not as good as the bistro steak.  Before finishing my meal I had a reaction which made me realize how much I enjoyed my entree.  One of the runners came up from behind me thinking I was done and tried taking my dish away.  Usually it's a good guess when they take it away as I would be pretty much done but in some cases I may say "Hang on, not done yet".  In this case, I was surprised as the words that came out of my mouth were "Oh Hell No!"  It kind of startled the guy backwards and I never talk like that so blame it on the food!   It was a fun experience sitting at the chef's counter and watching the cooks do their thing.  If you manage to choose where you sit I would recommend not sitting in front of the POS station.  I kept trying to snap a picture of the open kitchen and each server would jump right in front of me on the POS station.  I couldn't get a break on that one.  That Ashton Kutcher lookalike server was hogging that station all night.  The valet service moves quickly so that's a plus.  The last thing to add here is that you get Delta SkyMiles for dining here if you are signed up for SkyMiles dining.  Yay Yayee!
<review# 502,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2013,7/7/2013,53,50,3,4,2>I've been dying to try this place. It's hard to make it out that way during the workweek, so when I finally had the chance, I wasn't going to let Atlanta's bipolar weather stop me. I found parking two blocks away and braved spring's onslaught of snow and wind to reach Naanstop. Since I'm never over there, and their prices are pretty reasonable, I ordered enough food to provide myself with three days' worth of lunch. It did not disappoint.The garlic naan was incredible, with just the right blend of butter and char from the tandoor. The famed samosa was also quite good. The pastry portion actually tasted homemade, unlike other places, where they use flour tortillas as samosa wrappers. I did blot off the excess oil to feel a little less guilty about my indulgence, but the samosa still tasted great.Since I was planning on leftovers, I ordered two rice bowls: the chicken tikka masala and the lamb curry. Both were on white rice garnished with peppers, onions, coconut mint chutney, and yogurt. They were pretty good. My favorite overall, though, was the garlic naan. Next time I'll need to order one of their wraps to combine that tasty naan with lamb, which was my favorite of the two curries. The meat was super-tender and really flavorful.All in all, I'm glad I got three meals' worth of food out of my order - not bad at all. Looks like I'll be eating Indian NaanStop this week. Ha ha ha.
<review# 503,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2013,7/6/2013,615,10,,13,10>This is one of these places you completely expect to find in the West, perhaps in all sorts of small towns as you head up the California coast. You wouldn't probably look for it here, because you'd think Atlanta just isn't cool like that. Well, you can stop thinking and start loving. This hidden jewel is a delight.From the street, you may be skeptical that you're in the right place. The kind owners of the house at this address have dedicated their front yard to those of us that would like to take a blissful walk wandering this beautiful path. The yard is slightly higher than the street, so you can look right at the house without truly realizing what lies directly ahead. Walk right up the driveway and begin your journey.If you've never walked a labyrinth before, it's pretty simple: there's a designated entry point, where you'll follow the artful winding path gracefully to the center. You can't get lost or stuck in a maze. You'll enjoy stepping on some cool stones along the way. And, you can ring the giant wind chimes when you reach the center!Pro tip: park on the street near Octane, enjoy a Little Tart pastry, and then walk over here with your beverage. It just makes for an even more enjoyable experience.
<review# 504,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2013,7/5/2013,55,190,10,10,6>I've toured so many breweries I've found hop pellets in my underwear.  Yeah I said underwear and not man panites.  We met some friends here for the tour, they had encountered the ice cream while dining out and decided it was the best thing since the first ice cream was made by Jesus at the first Thanksgiving with the Apache. The tour includes free samples, and is well free.  You also get nifty hair nets that you get to style for the tour.  Apparently Hair the Ice Cream just didn't take off as a flavor.  The place is immaculate.  They pasteurize their own milk and make their own chocolate.  Surprised they don't milk the cows with all the stuff they do.  They take the tour through the nitty gritty and explain ice cream and answer questions like 'why does Frozen Pints suck'.  It sucks for a couple of reasons poor flavor choices hops goes in a sorbet, and they don't know how to keep the ice crystals to a minimum.  Any who this place makes rocking ice cream.The tours are on Saturday and I believe start at 10am, hey did I mention free?  At any rate go check it out and bring a cooler with some ice to take the ice cream you bought home.  Do you really need to start Saturday morning eating a whole pint of ice cream in a parking lot.  Really don't be that guy.
<review# 505,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2013,7/4/2013,16,55,,6,5>As a resident of The Brookwood, I'm even more thrilled to say I live here since Saltyard has opened. Energetic, friendly, and welcoming waitstaff combined with a trendy yet comfortable atmosphere makes for a wonderful culinary experience. I visited this past week during a special homeowners preview and I was extremely impressed with the servers' knowledge and the overall hospitality that was extended to our group of eight diners by the owners and staff.The concept of small plates has always intrigued me since I absolutely love sharing tastes and textures with friends and family around the table. Saltyard has this down to a science! We started our meal with 3 complimentary dishes: the ricotta gnocchi, raw thai salad, and grilled octopus.  While they were all wonderful, the grilled octopus was out-of-this world amazing--the seasoning and textures were spot-on and it comes highly recommended. The 'shrooms on toast was one of my absolute favorites with its generous portion of mushrooms tossed in a creamy, dreamy sauce and the ahi tuna carpaccio was light and delicious. If your appetite is calling for a "Biggie Small" plate, choose the provencal duck confit with beluga lentils, celery salad, and poultry jus.  It's bursting with flavor and unforgettable. The hangar steak "frites" came with great expectations, however, we found it to be improperly cooked with a severe lack of seasoning leading to much disappointment around the table. In fact, that is the only reason why I couldn't give Saltyard a perfect 5 star rating.I'm attending a birthday celebration here this coming weekend and can't wait to return to try more of the menu...including the desserts that we were just too full to sample last weekend.  If the amazing culinary creations and the friendliness of the waitstaff continue, Saltyard looks like it'll be an amazing place to spend a significant amount of time at this summer. Oh yes, the price is right too which is something a fine dining establishment in South Buckhead has needed for quite awhile. Cheers!
<review# 506,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2012,7/3/2013,381,486,4,10,6>I had never even heard of the Chinatown Food Court, let alone Hong Kong BBQ, until just a few weeks ago.  A large group of friends wanted to grab at the Chinatown Food Court on a Saturday evening, so I was eager to see what the hype was about.As a non-Chinese person, I have to admit I was intimidated by the food court.  Yes, it is intimidating when I can't read the menus at most of the restaurants.  Those who could read the menus had a difficult time translating what the menu items were (?!!).  Luckily for me, there was Hong Kong BBQ.Hong Kong BBQ actually had a menu in English!  I breathed a sigh of relief and proceeded to ask the fluently English-speaking employee what he would recommend for me to try.  For some reason, he had a hard time thinking of what was most popular.  Ultimately, I decided to get the three meats over rice - roasted duck, crispy pork, and BBQ pork.* Three Meats Over Rice - I can't recall exactly how much this was, but it was definitely less than $7, and it includes a small bowl of soup.  I had never tried this soup before, but it contained tofu skin, which I wasn't a fan of.  The duck, crispy pork, and BBQ pork were very good!  The baby bok choy was the perfect veggie to go with the meats and rice.  It wasn't a lot of food, but it was the perfect portion for one person.Overall, Hong Kong BBQ in the Chinatown Food Court gets 4 stars for their cheap and tasty meats over rice.  Like many of the other restaurants in the food court, this place is cash only, so be sure to stop by the ATM before you head over.  If you're a first-time, non-Chinese Chinatown Food Court visitor, this is the perfect place to try some good, affordable food.[Review 354 of 366]
<review# 507,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2013,7/2/2013,149,183,6,11,6>"What would you like to eat tonight?" says he. "Indian food." says I. He replies: "Oh okay, can we go by the Indian grocery store?""Haha" says I, imagining the sarcasm."Ha ha what?" says he. I never knew such a thing existed, and as the most gullible person in the world--I suppose I  thought he was kidding with me...  But where did we end up? The Indian Food Grocery Store.We were able to purchase all the items we needed for our meal, except for the meat! Because they don't carry fresh chicken, a stop was made at Kroger for this, as well as yogurt. Though PB carries yogurt... we just forgot. (Total white kid move).Furthermore, we made two great meals on two separate nights: chicken tikka masala, and chicken korma.If you are making Indian style cuisine for the first time, I would recommend coming here for your ingredients. I had peace of mind shopping at Patel Brothers because we weren't lost in the process of looking for over 10 ingredients...I'm sure you can find the same quality at the farmer's market, if you're a one-stop-shopper. I wouldn't count on your average grocery, though.Patel Brothers gets a few stars for ambiance, their fresh naan at a cheap price, as well as the nic-nacs hanging around the store. Similar to World Market, you can find loads of cookware specific to your Indian cooking needs. They also carry tiffin stainless steel lunch boxes. I love these! They are perfectly eco-friendly and great for packing messier meals like soups or stews. Thanks Patel Brothers!
<review# 508,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2013,7/1/2013,172,868,9,10,10>I think I'm going to have one heck of a mid-life crisis in about 30 years, because I'm perfectly content spending the weekend night's of my mid-20s sipping sugar-free bubble tea, eating an absurd amount of pastry, and talking into the wee hours of the morning with friends.  That being said, Sweet Hut is a pretty good spot to engage in those activities.Because of the crowds and the dazzling array of food and drink options, it can be a bit intimidating for newcomers.  For pastries, basically grab one of the plastic trays and pick what you want from the labeled bins of baked goods (be careful to read the labels carefully so you don't pull a Bill G. and actually grab a meat filled bun but think it's cinnamon raisin).  Then, head to the cash register to order your drink and pay for your selections, and wait till they call your number to pick up your drink.If you've never been to Asian bakery before, I actually recommend skipping the bins of baked goods and picking something from the refrigerated section, as they tend to be more "Western" in taste.  I've enjoyed the specialty individual sized desserts I've gotten from the cold cases, and the chocolate roll cake with raspberry filling we shared this evening was particularly delectable.  The baked goods are all pretty inexpensive for the quality of the workmanship (beautiful designs in the dough of some of the buns) and tasty.For drinks, I've never strayed from the sweet hut milk tea with honey boba.  I find even the half sugar option way too sweet, so I get it with no sugar (despite the incredulous stares from the employees when I request this option).  In my opinion, the honey boba alone add just enough sweetness to the drink.It's been pretty crowded every time I've been there throughout the daytime hours, but on the most recent visit, the crowds cleared out by about 11pm, making it easy for our big group to grab a table all together at the front of store.  All in all, I am a fan, and Sweet Hut is a pretty nice spot to while away a Friday night (or anytime of day, actually).  Because, hey, I can cash those tame Friday nights in for a convertible when I'm 50, right?
<review# 509,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2013,6/30/2013,433,615,2,8,5>My first UYE and it I must say that my Vegetariana (Veggie Pizza) was wonderful!!!! Covered in San Marzano tomatoes, mozzarella, spinach, peppers, sun-dried tomatoes, mushrooms, squash, zucchini. I got mine minus the mushrooms though. I really enjoyed the sauce. It was the perfect amount and so far it's one of my favorite sauces of any pizza joint. It's in the top 5 for sure! Next the charred crust was awesome. It was so good that I could have just gotten the mozzarella cheese on top of this pizza and called it a day. But noooo. They had to throw in the freshest veggies that I have ever had on a pizza as well. Now I am by no means a pizza snob so you may be thinking it's only veggies girl! But it was a delightful surprise for me to experience fresh crisp squash and zucchini paired nicely with sun-dried tomatoes, peppers and spinach.If the menu had a little more variety (chicken) for those of use that will eat just about anything on a pizza then I would have given this spot a 5 Star. So let's just say it's a 4.5 Star in my book.Side Note: Lovely ambiance here. It would be a great place for a date night or even just for a couple or few friends to get together. There is Valet Parking just across the street to the right of the restaurant.
<review# 510,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2013,6/29/2013,172,244,2,7,6>Hi there Tyler Williams.  I love you.  You moved from Abattoir to helm the Woodfire Grill kitchen, and I am so happy you did. I went there the other night with my boo to celebrate my retirement and it was wonderful.The hostess stand is kind of in the middle of the place, by the bar... which was a little weird. But now that we know, we know.  We were given a glass of champagne to help celebrate my day and to start our dining experience in the right way.  Amanda was our server and she was great; very knowledgeable of the menu and sweet. We went there knowing we were going to have one of the tasting menus and we discussed this with Amanda.  Once she used the word adventurous to describe the 7 course, we were in.  Everything about our meal was wonderful.  The cocktail menu is on the back of the wine list, so be aware of that, and they are inventive and tasty.   Our meal progression was wonderful.  My favorite was the Hamachi and quail egg on the Himalayan salt block (heated to 500 degrees) so that you could eat your fish at whatever temperature you wanted.Our meal really was prefect and it was great to see Tyler out in the dining area, very present, checking on his patrons and making sure that everyone enjoyed their time there. This may have been the best meal of my life.  I know that the chef's menu changes often, if not daily. That excites me, because I am going back, as often as I can afford to.#31/365#31/100
<review# 511,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2013,6/28/2013,108,232,,12,4>Went on Saturday night with a group of girlfriends.  We didn't have a reservation.  There was an hour wait for parties of two, but we were seated within about 10 minutes as a group of four. Parking- Valet is $10 but you'd have to be a one-eyed fool to pay that.  There is too much free parking to be found if you are willing to walk a block or two.  I parked about two blocks away.  It was a nice night and good to move my legs after sitting for three hours.  Also, I believe the garage behind 200 Peachtree validates.  All 4 ladies in my group self parked with no trouble and no fee.The Rules- you will be reminded of the rules a couple of times before they seat you, and just in case you are a poor listener, they are on the menu as well.The rules are that each person MUST order an entree (but that could be a sandwich) and each person will pay a $5 entertainment charge.  Also, they have the right to limit your stay to 3 hours, but if it's not too busy (or if you keep drinking I expect) they will leave you alone.If you don't like the rules then don't go.  Simple.The crowd- it was a mix of people.  Lots of tourists who are staying in the area.  You can tell they were tourists by the casual dress.  Sneakers and hoodies and whatnot.  There were couples and small groups of friends.  Blacks and whites.  A good mix.The music- we were there long enough to hear both bands.  Both were really good and folks seated were swaying, snapping fingers and whatnot.  A couple even got up and danced a few times.  The music was not jazz or blues, but just contemporary and classic R&B.  We heard everything from Aretha to Sade.The Food- I was really surprised at how good the food was.  I had the brisket, mac and cheese and greens.  It was yummy.  Two friends had the shrimp and grits.  Another had the fried chicken.  Again, everything was good.The price- I mean, it's downtown Altanta, $20 for an entree is more than fair.The Service- Service was great.  Our guy was friendly and efficient, as were the hostesses and bussers.  No complaints.Overall, it was a good experience.  I would definitely return with friends or on a date.
<review# 512,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2013,6/27/2013,19,850,3,8,3>Pros:-Classes are drop-in, perfect for commitment phobes (like me) or those with irregular work schedules (like me).  So many times I've looked to sign up for a series of classes but tend to miss half of them due to schedule. You show up, buy 1 class or a class card with multiple classes (like a debit card that deducts for each class you join), and sign in. You wait in the lobby and at class time, they announce over the loudspeaker which studios are assigned to each class, depending on # of people who sign up.-Adults only, in all shapes, types, ages and clothes. I'm in horrible shape, do not wear great dance wear, but don't feel self conscious at all.-Huge variety of classes to choose from, conveniently categorized as Discover (beginner), Fitness, Instructional, or Transformational/therapeutic. Lots of classes in the evenings and weekends, for those who work 9-5 type jobs.-Plenty of free parking in a plaza...so important b/c this place gets busy.-Large dance space with 4 studios having classes simultaneously, and a clean large locker room area.Cons:-I've been to a couple classes where I was expecting absolute beginner level, as the description described it as such ("level 1" or "Discover") but they were far from it...would probably be described as advanced beginner to intermediate classes, as they started right off with steps and choreography without explaining the basic steps and how-tos. But I think this is indicative of drop-in classes, where you have to pick things up pretty quickly.-A couple other Yelpers picked up on this...there's an "everybody's friends" vibe, though no one is mean or unfriendly.  You know that scene in the movie Center Stage where Jody Sawyer takes a jazz class, and finds that everyone know each other and the teacher, knows all the steps, knows how to work it? Well, she picked up the steps and had fun, and so did I...it just takes getting used to, going with the flow, relaxing, and having fun with it.  The people here are really nice and fun, so I understand the vibe.-Classes are a bit pricey, though class prices get discounted a little if you get a multi class card. Pricing structure is comparable to other similar types of specialized classes though, and you can save by paying attention to special deals that are offered from time to time.-While the studios are separated by walls, they are not insulated that well...I would expect the yoga classes are not really that relaxing with music blaring from the other studios.
<review# 513,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2013,6/26/2013,18,43,2,5,3>Brilliant.  Perfect.  Delicious.  Icing on the cake- professional service beyond reproach.  Absolutely perfect. I literally felt joy at this place, and we were treated like royalty, as were all other guests as far as I could see.  This place and Bacchanalia are the only places I've seen in Atlanta with such impeccable service.  This is why I will happily spend an extravagant amount of money for a beautiful evening.  Sublime food, ideal atmosphere, consummate professionalism.  This is what it's about.
<review# 514,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2013,6/25/2013,150,187,2,6,4>That's a big a** sandwich. The hamburger bun dwarfs in size compared to the chicken beast and takes up the whole container hiding the fries underneath. I ended up here for lunch when a came across a co-worker the other day.  The mere size of the chicken got my attention.  Its your typical hole in the wall type place but proudly advertise they are home of the famous chic-a-loe sandwich.  At least taste is sacrificed,  its very tasty with a nice amount of breading crispy and crunchy but not dry.   The fries were typical frozen variety so no fanfare there.  Did I mention how big the sandwich is?  I ate half of the sandwich, just the chicken and saved the rest for dinner.  Price is not bad either paying about $6 for the chic-a-loe combo which included the chicken sandwich, fries, and a small soda.  I know next time just the split the sandwich with somebody.  I suggest getting a side order barbeque sauce and put it on your sandwich.  You'll thank me later.
<review# 515,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2013,6/24/2013,89,423,7,11,10>If I could create a restaurant that was exactly everything that I wanted in a restaurant, it would be the Drafting Table. Their menu is really fantastic. It's inventive. It's smart. It's inspired. Every dish is familiar, yet they all have a twist. This is exactly the kind of food I want when I'm dining out; something a little special. Seriously - you can get a plain old burger, pizza, or fries anywhere. I want thoughtful and creative, and Drafting Table delivers. I've recently been turned on to one of their pizzas that has pineapple and ham (one of my favorite combos) but also almonds and cinnamon. I mean really, when was the last time you had a pizza with cinnamon on it? And it is fantastic. Ask for it without the peppers if you can't handle the heat. The last time I was here, my companion got the pizza with the fried egg on it- all sorts of awesomeness. I've also tried the 50/50 burger - which is absolutely worth trying if you love burgers. They cook duck perfectly, and it makes multiple appearances on their menu so you have a few chances to try it. ALWAYS ask what their soup of the day is. It has never been the same when I have gone, and the times I've tried the soup I've loved it. Pumpkin soup comes to mind. Yum. This last time, they were running a bar tapas special, which was about 6 gnocchi in an incredible sauce... so amazing.  The creativity of the chef keeps me coming back. I love little surprises like the gnocchi bar tapas. Oh, and their beer offering is just right. Not a humongous menu that you spend the first 10 minutes surveying, but not a tiny menu that leaves you with only one or two options. The bartenders know a lot about the beer and are happy to help you find a selection. Okay, so let's talk about the bar. I have never actually sat in the restaurant. I love the bar area so much, I always force whoever I'm with to sit there. The bar itself is simply stunning. I know that is so weird to say, but I really do love it. It just feels like something special, like an EVENT, to hang out at this bar. But the real reason I'm at the bar is because of the bartenders. They all seriously rock. They all introduce themselves and some of them even know me now. They provide great service, they are friendly if you are alone, and most importantly they know their alcohol. If you do the whole dinner + a couple of drinks thing, you can escape for under $50 including tax and tip for two people. For everything I've mentioned above, this is a steal. Drafting Table is my ideal spot, and I highly recommend you give it a try.
<review# 516,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2013,6/23/2013,66,188,2,15,5>I first found out about Pre-Made Paleo from my friend Delaine, who is a huge fan of the paleo lifestyle and owns and runs Gym Condition in Old Fourth Ward.  I've been paleo for about 7 months now, off and on, and I have lost 30 lbs and have so much more energy and feel great.  My one issue with eating Paleo (local meats, organic veggies, fruits, nuts etc) is that it can be a little time consuming.  When you are constantly working with fresh meat and veggies, there's a lot of prep work involved.  It's worth it, because the food is delicious, but sometimes you don't always have the time.  And here is where Pre-Made Paleo shines!  Premade Paleo is an Atlanta based company that ships nationwide, however because we are lucky enough to have Premade Paleo here in Atlanta, they deliver to local host programs (typically Crossfit gyms) all over Atlanta where you can pick up your food for free shipping!  Woohoo!  As Atlanta residents, we also get menu options the rest of the country doesn't get, and more variety IMO.  I have been ordering their weekly 10 meal menus (they also have 20 meal and 40 meal options and a Whole30 Success pack), which come with 2 servings of 5 different proteins, and 2 servings of 10  3.5oz sides (20 total).  So a meal will look like (1) 5oz protein, and (2) 3.5oz sides.  Also for those who train hard, and feel 5oz's of protein is not enough, there is a "warrior" option, where you can order any meal plan with 8oz of protein instead of the 5 oz standard.   The food arrives frozen in vacuum sealed bags, and there is usually a recommended pairing list of sides to go with which proteins, which you can follow or toss, it's up to you.  Pre-made Paleo was a god send for me in December, when I was really really busy, and didn't have the time to cook healthy for myself.  The meals were usually very delicious, and I love that it's so easy to cook, just get a large pot of water simmering, drop in the protein for 9 minutes and the sides for 4-5 minutes, and in less than 10 minutes you have a delicious Paleo healthy meal!   I throw the rest of the packages in the freezer and they are there waiting for me when I need them!   Here is an example of a weekly 10 meal order: Main Proteins 5 oz. portions (Standard) or 8 oz. portions (Warrior)  10 portions total with the 10 meal plan                  Wellness Farms All Natural Chipotle Pork          Wellness Farms Grass-Fed Coffee Brisket          Koch Farms All-Natural Turkey Italian Sausage          Springer Mountain Dry Rub Chicken          Springer Mountain Coconut Chicken Soup (1 protein with 2 sides each)         Vegetable Sides 3.5 oz. portions - 20 sides total with the 10 meal plan (Note: Some sides are packaged with a main protein to complement the meal).                 Moroccan Parsnip Salad          Bell Pepper Slaw          Roasted Pumpkin          Sauteed Onions and Peppers          Carrot and Ginger Soup (includes 2 portions equaling 4 sides total)I think a lot of us are trying to work on our health for January, and while resolutions are difficult, I feel like Pre-made Paleo is one of the good guys making healthy tasty eating a little easier for us!ETA:  The Rhubarbs, Parsnips, and basically all the root veggies this last bag have been pretty bad.  Very undercooked and dry and just not good eats.    So I'm reducing from 5 star to 4.
<review# 517,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2013,6/22/2013,213,662,7,6,11>Java Jive has been sitting here in vintage glory all along, and I ate there for the first time on Sunday. A range of emotions swells within me during this realization, anything from anger to shock to joy. Anger because the omelets are so cheesy, good and cheap; shock because the retro appliances and signage speak to my heart; joy because this soon-to-be regular brunch spot stirs no memories of exes, toxic friendships or other baggage from my early twenties. Here's the ratio: 25% anger, 35% shock, 40% joy. Joy wins. Joy always wins.
<review# 518,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/21/2013,6/21/2013,27,94,4,5,3>I'm not the hugest pub person ever, but this is easily one of my favorite bars in the city. I've been here alone, in a pair and in larger groups (they will take reservations for a larger crowd).  All have been a fun, woody-bookshelf-cozy-intelligent-hipster experiences where I feel the quality of the people are higher than, let's say, Neighbors Pub.  It is like there is an anti-douchey charm on the place...and maybe Ponce scares some people off. There is a back patio that has a tucked away city view when the weather allows, with trees overflowing into the space.  And the front patio allows smoking.  Otherwise, my beer friends like the beer.  I like the cocktails, and all the food I've had has been surprisingly good.  Sometimes there is a bonus like random 90s music or old movies on the TV.  The small parking lot is usually full on Friday/Saturday nights, so I always aim for the side streets first, and I suppose you can park in the Murder Kroger parking lot across the street at your own risk.
<review# 519,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2013,6/20/2013,126,292,2,13,12>We were super rebellious at our wedding and decided against having a wedding cake for numerous reasons, number one being that neither of us are cake fans and why spend money on something we really don't care for. Instead, we had a variety of mini desserts, as well as King of Pops. Working with KOP was incredibly simple to work with- they have multiple options in catering your event: you can choose from various pop packages that determine your range of flavors- including an option for alcohol pops, you can choose to have the cart and rainbow umbrella or just the pops themselves delivered, you can also have something written on the stick or the plastic bag the pops come in. Once we decided what we wanted and the time we put in our order and wrote a check- flawless. We chose the classic pops options and had banana pudding, chocolate sea salt, key lime pie, raspberry lime, and blackberry ginger lemonade served and we chose to have the full experience with the cart and umbrella and guests loved it and the umbrella looks great in photos. KOP made a great late night treat. One of my favorite things about using KOP as a caterer is that for Saturday night you have to order a 200 pop minimum and I knew that chances of our guests finishing those off would be slim, so post-honeymoon we were able to stop by and pick up our boxed pops and have been eating them since.
<review# 520,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2012,6/19/2013,73,47,4,5,7>The words chic, classic and modern come to mind when I think of how to describe 71 Barbershop. For starters, they are conveniently located at the Lindbergh Marta Station, they validate parking and you can book an appointment ONLINE! Once inside I was greeted by THE RECEPTIONIST!! The waiting area is decorated with various photos and barbering nostalgia, nothing too busy, and the colors put you in a nice, relaxed mood.  Although they cater to all hair types, I get the feeling 71 Barbershop primarily has an African American clientele base; That being said, my experience in this shop was markedly better than it has been in other shops of the same demographic. Everything was clean and neat. I didn't observe any bad barbering habits while I was there, and all the barbers were utilizing the proper sanitation techniques as outlined by The GA State Board of Cosmetology. "KB" cut my hair, and he did a great job-he took his time, and made sure he understood EXACTLY what I wanted, asking questions along the way.  All of the barbers there have a great rapport with each other, and they kept the conversations APPROPRIATE, which is yet another difference between my experience at this shop and some of the others I've been to. The pricing is about what Im used to, $25 for haircut w/beard trim and razor edging. The ONLY thing that kept me from rating 71 5 stars, is that I still had to come home and shower to get rid of all the tiny little hairs that tend to linger (I Showered before going), a quick blast of pressurized air is all I would've needed to skip the 'after-shower', but the barbering stations don't have the little air guns Ive seen in other places. Overall though, I am very pleased...this was supposed to be a one time thing, but I think 71 Barbershop might've gotten  a new regular... :)
<review# 521,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2013,6/18/2013,322,320,4,7,4>A group of friends and I were standing at the top of the stairs to the music room, contemplating on going back down or joking about going to Swinging Richards. We'd just hit up almost every bar on Edgewood and were looking to wind down a little, when we saw two girls stumble out of pizzeria vesuvius. They heard us chatting and told us to check out the bar inside. We all thought they were trolling us  since all the chairs were stacked away inside pizzeria and the lights dimmed/ turned down. However, they were so insistent we walked back, after a little looking found the bookshelf to enter. I was excited upon this discovery, partially because it was another place I might've found before Daniel B. lol. The setup is really nice and modern, a little darkened for the 'speakeasy' feel but also like a lounge- intimate yet casual. They had a dj playing that was a little loud for me, but I didn't wanna be the negative nancy so we ended up staying for quite a while. the drinks were expertly crafted. Not that I'm an expert.. they had a cocktail menu that's easy and simple and the bartenders were really nice. It had a decent amount of people for a weekend night but not crowded- just the perfect inbetween.In terms of cocktails I keep getting the 'trick pony" it's the first one on the cocktail list. I think it has gin and ginger beer and some citrus. It's a great blend of sweet and tart.
<review# 522,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2013,6/17/2013,78,316,3,5,4>So many pastries! You can also get cookies by the pound. They also have a little market section where you can get dried goods. My favorite feature...kefalotiri cheese!! I was so excited to discover they carry this Greek gem. Definitely bought some and made some saganaki this weekend. The guy who was working there was somewhat friendly but not very bubbly. Don't expect to make conversation too much. hahaAlso, don't be too intimidated by the parking situation - they have a couple spots dedicated for the bakery.
<review# 523,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2013,6/16/2013,162,58,3,5,5>Yesterday was the first time I visited the park. It takes a very special occasion to get me out and my girlfriend's birthday was the perfect occasion for it. Smack dab in the middle of hipster-central in between Masquerade, lies the park. Its was amazing and very scenic. There is a nice pond where you can feed ducks, an interesting staggered stairway paved with grass, and plenty of walking paths. Whether looking for a place to do some good ole reflecting or test out your skating skills or playing ball, you can definitely feed your outdoor needs at this park. Glad to finally see byproduct of the Beltline Project. Nice job City of Atlanta for investing in this community and city.
<review# 524,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2013,6/15/2013,357,369,26,29,20>In Which You're Driving By A Piercing Shop, Do A U Turn and Swiftly Have a Hole Punched In Your NoseThe last time I pierced my nose, it involved an ice cube, a stray earring, and punk rock ovaries in my teenage bedroom. It was also 20 years ago. Suddenly struck with the inspiration to reopen old holes, I decided to go about things differently this time.  Having already read the glowing reviews about Piercing Experience, a random drive on McClendon turned into Hey, I'm Going To Pierce My Nose Right Before Lunch.Christina came out and greeted me.  We briefly chatted about what I wanted, I selected a flat titanium stud and paid up. Just about five minutes later, I was brought into what looked like a surgical suite.  I hopped on the bed thinger and laid on my side.  Next thing I know, it's done.It's been a few weeks since my piercing and I'm due for a checkup / earring change  in about 3 more. I've had no problems whatsoever and the entire experience was a breeze.  If I'm ever struck with another craving, I will not hesitate to see Christina.5 Throbbing, Nicely Healed Uninfected Adorable Stars
<review# 525,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2013,6/14/2013,45,265,,6,3>It is amazing I have been in Atlanta for 5+ years and this was my first visit. Wow, what took me so long. We went there with friends and had the 5 course dinner. All the dishes are just the right size, very well prepared and had a fantastic presentation. Very well done. When you enter Bacchanalia, you are entering through a food store. Wondering what could possibly be at the back of this place. A bit confusion and from the outside you have no idea there is an amazing culinary experience awaiting you at the end of the store. It is not the biggest dining room, but it is very nice. The waiters are very knowledgable about the dishes and the timing is excellent. Just have to go back as soon as possible.
<review# 526,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/7/2013,6/13/2013,35,108,3,5,3>I was reluctant to try this place...British pub? Not my style. But I went with friends from work for dinner, and it was not too shabby at all! Someone had told me that it has a "great neighborhood feel" and they were absolutely right. First, the place was packed on a Wednesday night, which is a great sign! Second, the server remembered everyone's drinks (I know that should always be the case, but never ceases to impress me). Third, the food was decent. I mean if you're scheduled for heart surgery or have high levels of cholesterol, I'd recommend you stay away. But if you just ran a marathon, this is where you come to splurge. In the latter case, do try the chips with blue cheese and the fried green tomatoes for appetizers. I also got the fish n chips and although I've had better, I've had much worse more often. Hit the fish n chips spot. My friend ordered the rib-eye steak, which looked like it weighed 5 pounds. When I'm in the mood for steak I'll do that. Another friend ordered the shrimp and grits and that was the only thing on the table that looked terrible (but most restaurants- Empire State South notwithstanding- screw up grits). Last, another friend had the smoked salmon sandwich which looked awesome. Not a beer drinker my self, but will definitely come back.
<review# 527,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2013,6/12/2013,137,430,,5,5>When I'm not at Valenza, I'm here.  I just love having K-pub in our hood!  Being friends with them on Facebook means I see tantalizing pics of their awesome specials (kudos on the Mardi Gras gumbo!), which then gets me in the door.  I love that the menu changes frequently and I love even more that I haven't been disappointed when I've taken a chance on a new item.Actually, last night's penang curry is what prompted me to update my review.  I love the Kaleidiscope burger.  I mean, I realllllllllllllly love it.  Something about the perfect bun-to-meat ratio plus the amazing pimento cheese and housemade pickles - and the super reasonable price tag - make me a happy lady.  I crave it.  Yummity.  And if I'm not going to get the burger, then its the spaghetti and meatballs (please bring them back! even as an app!) or the mahi tostado heaven.  The fact that I branched out to get the penang curry is just beyond me, but gosh, I'm so glad I did.  Its soooo good that I ate all of it without meaning to.  Its spicy, delicious, and honestly as good as you'd get at any Thai restaurant.  Moreover, the chicken wasn't weird!  I usually get vegetarian asian food because stir-fry chicken is often squeaky and makes you wonder what part of the chicken it comes from.  Not here.  This is juicy, all-white chicken cut up in delectable bites.  I mean, perfect.  Honestly, all this awesome menu item will do is make me come here more.The sommelier did an amazing job with my wine pairing - the Ferrari-Carano Bella Luce (he called it Conundrum) - which really complimented the curry.And here's a bonus:  I use an app called Savored to easily make reservations at Kaleidiscope.  Super easy!Amen Kaleidiscope.  Amen.  Thanks for always being so fun!
<review# 528,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2012,6/11/2013,124,182,1,13,5>I've now had two epic nights at Havana Club for birthday parties (mine and my close friend's).Cover is $20 for guys, $10 for girls.  The parking situation is atrocious for the parking at the actual club itself, so it's better to park in the next door lot.  $10, a 30 second walk, and a much easier situation getting out at the end of the night.In my experience, this is the best place to get bottle service for a club in Atlanta.  For a group of 6, the minimum is $300... For a group of 10, it's $400.  If you have enough people willing to split, it's a good deal.  I've gotten bottle service at Opera, Reign, Vanquish, and Tongue and Groove, and I feel like this is the best in terms of having the most fun experience and not charging too much.Bottles are $250 for SKYY Vodka or Absolut, $300 for Grey goose.Saturdays are more crowded than Fridays.  It'll be moderately crowded until about 12:30am, at which point it gets packed.  This is the point where having a table is beneficial, as you're not packed like sardines in a can.I like the three-room concept, except Havana executes it very well.  The connections between the three rooms are never super crowded, so you can just walk around the place pretty easily.  The rooms are top 40, electronic, and latin music (which is typical).Prices are typical as well, $5-6 for beers at $8-$10 for cocktails.Clientele is slightly white-leaning, but still relatively diverse.  It's not race-dominated like other clubs in Atlanta, which I've always found to be weird.Overall, this is the best place in my opinion to get bottle service.  In terms of general club experience, I would put this up there with Reign/Vanquish as my favorite clubs in Atlanta, with Reign/Vanquish being slightly better.  But it's still 1000 times better than Opera.
<review# 529,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2012,6/10/2013,37,70,,8,6>I joined Urban Body Studios on an unlimited membership last month, after trying out 3 classes for $15. It's an expensive membership, for sure, but you get access to the gym (Urban Body Fitness) as well, so it was worth it to me. The Studios building is also conveniently located on the Beltline, meaning that on days I'm going to yoga or Pilates, I can get a little cardio in if I walk or jog there.The Studio is pristine, clean and well-kept. At the same time, it's welcoming and zen-like, as a yoga studio should be. I've taken some Pilates and yoga classes here, ranging from Beginner's Yoga to fairly intense Vinyasa, and I've had a great experience every time. The instructors are not only really knowledgeable, they are patient and corrective to ensure you're doing the poses in a way that won't allow you to hurt yourself. One in particular, Mike, is just a joy all the way around - he opens his classes with a quick story and a little humor, and encourages his students to find their own peace. Recently, he did a short series in which he played Beatles music, in reverence for his personal stance on nonviolence as related to the anniversary of John Lennon's death. He is a kind teacher with a true love of his craft, and his sessions work your body hard and calm your mind. A great experience!With the exception of Beginner's Yoga (which is meant to be more of an instructional class on getting poses right), I've never left an UBS without feeling thoroughly exhausted, which I like. Between the Studios and the gym, I feel like I'm finally coming into a well-rounded health routine: yoga to find my inner peace, Pilates to tone my core, a walk on the Beltline for my heart, and a run at the gym a few times a week to make me totally hate my life. (Sorry, I freakin' hate running.) It's expensive, but the expense makes me more likely to keep up with the routine, and going during the week has actually been forcing me to spend less money on costly dinners out. So que sera sera.I highly recommend interested students try out UBS, particularly with their 3 or 5-class initial offering. If you're a beginner, though, definitely go to the classes specified for that level - my very first class was, stupidly on my part, a 6:30am Vinyasa class with a kind of OCD/un-thrilled instructor, and I don't suggest getting yourself in that position.
<review# 530,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2012,6/9/2013,42,157,2,9,4>Have to update my review now that I've been to the restaurant (at least!) 20 more times. Love the patio and the bar area, where there's also a dance floor (haven't been here for dancing, but imagine it's pretty fun). The bar side is, as opposed to the restaurant side I reviewed previously, much more casual.  Favorites are the steak & blue cheese salad, the beer cheese soup, and the fried shrimp.  There are also strategically placed firepits around the patio area which warms things up on cooler days like we're experiencing now. With all this, the 57th has officially become one of my favorite restaurants in Atlanta.
<review# 531,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/23/2012,6/8/2013,8,568,,9,3>Yes, I am a fan!  Almost directly in the heart of Buckhead but yet away in the cut, the Sahara is the almost chill spot.  You almost don't notice it while driving down the street.  The hookah experience in there is very laid back.  It's a BYOB vibe in which you may bring your own drinks (recommended) and BYOM - Bring Your Own Music.  So when you go up those flight of stairs, do not forget your Ipod Ladies & Gentlemen!  They have multiple flavors of hookah.  The lights are dim to off so you can just relax.  The couches in the establishment are comfortable.  It's definitely a spot if you want to rally the troops before you go out on the town, maybe stop by after you have ventured out or if you are the home body type while just trying to step away from the homefront - you come here for a couple of hours to just get away.  The prices are very reasonable for Buckhead and the customer service was fair.  I recommend!Grade: B+
<review# 532,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2012,6/7/2013,19,55,3,5,7>This is a rockin place!  Privately owned and open to the public.  There are so many hidden little things to find.  Many paths going all over the place.  I used to live across the street and loved being able to walk over.  The couple of events I made here have been a blast!  The jello shot fundraiser was the best.  Checkout the lifeguard chairs behind the stage to the right.  Great spot to watch a sunset behind the downtown skyline.You can rent a small piece of land and grow veggies.  It is very competitive!! People are growing insane amounts of tomatoes in this spot.  There is a pretty cool, simple playground area for kids.  My daughter thinks their pet, Lou the emu is out of control funny.Great laid back people.
<review# 533,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2013,6/6/2013,121,165,5,6,4>THE BURGER!!!!  That's all you need to know about Holeman & Finch.  My friends and I showed up on a cold Sunday for brunch after a night of partying.  One of my friends raved about the food here.   So I had to of course come here and see for myself.  She said it was best to come in on a Sunday because it was the best day to try The Burger.  I believe during the week they only make a certain amount and it's first come first serve.  On Sunday, I don't believe they have a limit on how many they make.I love bacon, all forms, I've even had bacon beer at a different place.  But I digress... The menu had bacon caramel popcorn.....WHAT?!?!?!  What amazing and crazy concoction is this?!   I had to order it.  The popcorn showed up and I was in love, the smell, it was crispy and there were bacon pieces spread throughout.  The bacon flavor was perfect and wasn't overpowering at all.  Now back to THE BURGER.   Sweet baby Jesus, this burger is good.  Juicy and just full of flavor.  I will keep it simple....get it, get it, get it.I need to make another trip to Holeman.  I will fight anyone for this burger.  So yummy, totally drooling, please excuse the puddle forming as you read this.
<review# 534,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2013,6/5/2013,113,149,,11,10>This place is not at all near where I live, but it's by my bank, so I decided to go. This place is in Loehmann's Plaza which is so freaking old, so I would really consider this a diamond in the rough type of place. I was so sick and it was so welcoming and clean and new inside. All the amenities of a new suburban doctor's office, as another reviewer mentioned. Clean bathrooms, appealing decor, spacious waiting room, Keurig on hand, and a real admin who does not close a window on you. There was only one person in front of me, so I got seen rather quickly. The staff was very welcoming.Dr. Leon was the doctor that saw me. He was very nice and since I had previously been to my neighborhood urgent care (2 hour waits!), I gave him the run down of my holiday illness situation. Strep had been running rampant as well as some flu thing. So I had already been on 2 rounds of antibiotics and here I was back again at the doc. Please doc, help me. After assessing my sensitivities to various medications and my health history, he made an assessment and gave me new prescriptions. I was impressed that he was so attentive to my concerns regarding medication and interactions as well as my personal health history.This place is new and it is totally going to take off. I would say, get here before it gets too popular!
<review# 535,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2013,6/4/2013,28,158,2,4,2>Ordered the espresso shaker for $4.50 and husband got the chai latte for.. can't remember how much. The espresso shaker consists of a bunch of different ingredients including espresso, chocolate syrup, half and half, soy milk, 2% milk, etc. and is strained over ice and served in a tall glass. It was very yummy and just the right amount of sweetness for me. My husband who normally doesn't like any bitter hints of coffee liked it as well. His chai latte was really good too and had a perfect leafy design w/the steamed milk. In addition to drinks, I got a granola yogurt parfait -- granola + yogurt + some honey. It was good (esp with the honey on top) but I personally would've liked a higher granola to yogurt ratio (just my preference, I understand parfaits are supposed to be have more yogurt than granola). They have some areas for outdoor seating but the tables and chairs weren't set up. It would be nice to have that area open for seating because the weather should be getting better soon (why was it so cold yesterday?!)We parked in the garage next door that is also used as parking for a loft complex.We'll be back.
<review# 536,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2012,6/3/2013,147,81,3,6,5>I had dropped a friend off at the airport very early in the morning at 6:30 am. So my tummy was telling me it's time for breakfast. Feed me or I'll scream louder, said my tummy. You all know what that means. Every time I go to the Oakwood Cafe, I leave impressed. The breakfast eggs are always just right. I had Under The Ocean Omelette with crabmeat and melted parmesan cheese. It came with your choice of toast. I went for the sour dough. A bowl of hollandaise sauce came with my omelette. Simply terrific! My hubby had The Godzilla Omelette with bacon, ham and sausage. His came with a bowl of gravy and a bowl of grits. He also had the sour dough toast. Coffee was always fresh and the waitress was always on the ball. Our meal was at $6.99 each and the total came under $20 with tips added. Terrific staff overall with great people in the kitchen. All pros. My only gripe is that I can't come here everyday since I do not live close enough to this Southern gem cafe. So I have to console myself by coming here anytime I am close to the airport. Its always great!! Keep up the good work, Oakwood Cafe! When I am at Dalton, GA, I visit the sister cafe, also called Oakwood Cafe. It just makes your day wonderful when you have a satisfying breakfast like this. Please read my previous review on lunch if you like. Oh, I also posted pictures for you to make your mouth water and drool. LoL.Yelp 24/365
<review# 537,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2013,6/2/2013,20,89,8,10,4>My first time here was a few weekends ago. I booked a 90 minute massage on impulse with Meera for the same day (it had been a rough week). I've had maybeeee....3 massages in my entire life, but I could still gauge how awesome she was. Pros: Great massage therapist, very relaxing facilityReally reasonable price. $100 for 90 minutes with a really experienced MTBoth relaxing and muscle-rejuvenating massageMeera also provided me with stretches to practice at home that would ease tension in my problem areasCons: Actually a very intense massage; one of my legs was so tense that working on it was actually quite painful (I'm not complaining about Meera here, I told her to lighten up and she did); my muscles have been very sore since coming to see her- like they didn't bounce back properly; and I have never been so thirsty after a massage. I know you're supposed to drink lots of water to flush out toxins, but I was literally very thirsty and constantly drinking fluids for DAYS after it.*The music was weird. Not your typical babbling brook/chanting monks/ambience. She played a few CDs and one of them was this bizarre New Age carnival sounding music that was completely in contrast with the relaxing environment.Meera's technique seems to be somewhere between actual muscle work, and ultimate relaxation. The set-up was swank. Heated massage table, heated blanket to cover whatever part of you is not getting massaged, delicious-earthy smelling linens and candles.The massage itself is fully customizable. So since there 90 minutes of massaging to do, I had her work on areas where I carried tension (neck and shoulders from working in front of my computer until the end of time, and butt and thighs from sitting all day and crossing predominantly one leg). The rest would just be plain old relaxation.Basically, it was great. My problem areas got a lot of attention, and the rest was very, very nice. The head massage was probably the best part though. Meera will CRADLE YOUR HEAD and you will LOVE IT.By 90 minutes I basically lost all concept of time and just never wanted her to stop massaging me. She did. Sad.
<review# 538,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2013,6/1/2013,139,167,,8,4>The Chattahoochee is such a treasure, that it almost makes up for living a little further out of the center of town (inasmuch as Atlanta HAS a center.)This is our favorite park near the river.  It's just a short drive from our house but is like another world.  There is a long trail that stays right along the river, good hills and steepish climbs to maximize your workout, all sorts of turnoffs to make your hike shorter or longer, and a great lookout over the river.  There are two parking lots and I'm not sure if they designate two technically different parks, but one of the longer loops goes through it.  Our dog loves to go crazy through the trails, but be careful if you let your dog off leash - it's technically not allowed, and one time my husband was actually ticketed by a National Parks cop (who was also a giant jerk about it, too) and that cost us $50.  Other than that, though, you pretty much can't beat this slice of the 'hootch.  I've even seen a river otter here twice!  Definitely the woodsiest and best hiking/trail running of the parks we've found so far.As for the parking fee, you're seriously going to begrudge the National Parks that small pittance for maintenance and upkeep?  I can think of few things worthy of support as much as the National Parks System, and the parks along the Chattahoochee are a pretty special feature of Atlanta.  We purchased a yearly parking pass for $25 and it's a wonderful way to support the parks without having to worry about having $3 on me.
<review# 539,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2013,5/31/2013,354,392,1,6,7>I really wonder what is wrong with me sometimes. I've lived in Atlanta for twenty years altogether and I've never been here. A holiday work outing pulled me in and I cannot wait to go back!!  The Garden Lights are spectacular.  We walked around for two hours admiring all the lights and pondering the electricity bill for such a dazzling display.  They had different stations set up throughout for hot chocolate and cider, a place to get s'mores fixings to make by mini bonfires, and even an outdoor bar blasting non-holiday music.   I was also intrigued by the jungle/desert houses.  You could only go through part of them during these special nights, so I will definitely need to go back to explore them further. And I need to inspect the Chihuly pieces I spied through the dark without my glasses.  Next time someone asks me what to do while visiting Atlanta I will now be able to enthusiastically tell them to go to our Botanical Gardens, and they need to take me along!
<review# 540,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2013,5/30/2013,17,150,2,6,1>One of the better Ethiopian restaurants in Atl. It's a little hard to find it though and there a few Ethiopian restaurants in the area, so make sure you walk into the one that specifically says Ghion cultural Hall. They have a bar area, but make sure you ask to go to the restaurant seating area in the back because it's  much nicer. You can tell they have a lot of passion and care about the food they serve. The chef paid so much attention to detail with the presentation and everything was made super fresh. We got the Ghion special that was a variety of dishes so we could try.  They had the Ethiopian cultural channel playing on their tv and my husband and I were really amused with the dancing. Check it out!
<review# 541,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2013,5/29/2013,36,76,2,6,5>I cannot believe I haven't reviewed this place yet....5 Stars might be a little out of proportion for a bar in Little 5 with pretty mediocre slightly over-priced food BUT the beer list is extensive, the wait staff know what they're doing, and TRIVIA.  Wednesday night Adult Trivia (at 9 pm) is the highlight of my week a lot of weeks.  Maybe that's sad, but still..Our waiter, Travis, is always really attentive and has some really funny and interesting stories to tell when things slow down a bit.  I go here every week and he hasn't messed up my order once, even in a slight way, despite the fact that we're usually rolling in with a crew of 8-12 people.  Their Mean Green Black Bean burger is a steal at $8.  The grilled cheese isn't bad.  Their BLT isn't bad.  It's all pretty run of the mill bar stuff.  The nachos always look good on other tables, but I can't ever convince myself to drop $11 on nachos of all things. One thing, the smoke.  Oh my god the smoke.  They definitely don't want to get on board with any of the smoking bans.  On good days, this feels a little charming and adds to the divey feeling of the place.  On bad days, I'm finding myself gasping for air and tempted to go outside for some fresh(er) air.
<review# 542,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2012,5/28/2013,100,145,4,15,7>SUPER FAN FAN FAN + my pho ordering secrets (some fancy tips courtesy of Stephanie N.) !!1. I think this is the best pho in town! so really....i think you should stick to ordering the pho here......2. The prices have gone up quite a few dollars over the past year, but still cheap (and derrious) eats! my meal will usually run me around $123. the iced vietnamese coffee is sooooo gooooood! strong strong drip coffee + condensed milk, stir it up, pour over ice....sooooo goooood....i grave this all.the.time! get it iced (and I usually add a little water to the coffee bc im weak sauce)!!! ie. skip all the other beverages here, i havent found one that i like4. order the spring rolls (clear wrap with veggies, shrimp, and pork and hoison/peanut crack sauce) if you are feeling healthy or the egg rolls (minced meat and veggies wrapped and deep fried) if you want some fried goodness--don't order both bc you wont be able to finish!5. if you arent adventurous or just dont eat innards, get #13 (i think thats the number)--rare steak + beef brisket (skip this if you dont like fatty cuts of meat.....the brisket can get pretty fatty). order the rare steak ON THE SIDE....and so it STAYS RARE and you can control how rare it is..dont worry, it will cook in the hot broth!6. get the bean sprouts STEAMED! it retains its crunch, is "cleaner" ( i tell myself that anyway), and doesnt cool down your soup! so you get perfectly cooked rawr steak AND hot soup through the entire bowl!!7. add lime! tear up your basil and culantro really smalllll and add a lot of it! add some jalepeno slices for good measure8. cock sauce (red, spicy, green cap) + hoisin (brown, squeezy bottle) on the side to dip the meat--instead of adding it to your broth, which i think ruins the soup flavor9. add the chili oil for heat (they come in the small containers on the table)10. you can order extra onions! i've never tried it---but i've seen people order mounds of thinly slice onion. someone let me know what and how it is!
<review# 543,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2013,5/27/2013,193,304,5,9,7>Been to ESS for a regular dinner a couple years ago (documented in good detail in Dan B.'s review), then a chef's tasting dinner earlier this year, and recently a lunch with Ryan F.  The food and experience have been terrific each time.  There are a lot of upscale southern restaurants in Atlanta.  The variety of techniques and ingredients used at ESS puts the food at a place that's finer than most (less like JCT or South City Kitchen, more like Eugene or Bacchanalia), while the price and atmosphere remain more relaxed than those fine dining establishments.  I can't see myself doing casual lunch at Eugene or Bacchanalia, for instance.  The one dish closest to being a signature dish is the farm egg on crispy CG rice with pureed spring onions.  This dish is mentioned on eater, blogs, etc.  Simple looking dish displays unusually harmonious blend of taste, aroma, and texture.  One also can't help but notice, as many reviews did, ESS's mastery with collard greens.  Porky but somehow refreshing and vibrant.   In fact I am generally impressed with the way vegetables are handled:  they are treated with care and thought and given more prominent role in dishes, much like you see at farm-to-table restaurants like Miller Union and Cakes & Ale, unlike at more typical upscale southern places.  Little wonder that another of their best liked dishes is the "Super-Food", that showcases a variety of vegetables.  Whimsy is backed by good technique and sound recipe, such as (from my tastings dinner) Kumamoto oyster with a dab of fried chicken skin and hot sauce (which I was skeptical of at first), the tremendously perfumy spread of charred cornbread (I've also seen they use popcorn) that a piece of crepinetted monkfish sits on, or the fried-just-right ball of egg that bursts atop the beef tartare, coating the meat with goodness while the crunchy outer layer adds textural contrast.  ESS is one of few places in Atlanta that tries sous-vide, but popular opinion hasn't been that great (I had a sous-vide goat loin that was kind of forgettable, as well).  I also think some of the Asian influenced tries, particularly the use of kimchee and bok choy, are more trendy than truly good.  All in all, Atlanta doesn't have many true fine dining restaurants so ESS is an attractive option, sitting at sort of an in-between niche without many competitions.  Surprisingly casual vibe at lunch, and not very busy.  The cocktails are outstanding.  It sounds like an afterthought at this point but I am really impressed, by their complexity, subtlety, and elegant restraint.  I would rank ESS cocktails in the top tier along with H&F, No 246, Paper Plane, Leon's.  On the wine front, the sommelier is an approachable young guy who is genuinely enthusiastic to turn you on to interesting stuff.  I really appreciated that he had no problem pausing and chatting with us about each paired wine selected for our tasting courses and answer our questions.   I hear the chef is leaving this year.  Hopefully the restaurant will continue its excellence after his departure.
<review# 544,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/7/2013,5/26/2013,37,101,3,4,4>We stopped by on Saturday night post dinner. The joint is clean, staff is friendly, and decor is stereotypically all that is Asian but in a fun way that's fitting for the venue. There's kung fu being projected, tea pots and wooden art hung on the walls, and even a samurai sword or two strategically placed. There was also a separate room with walls made of chalkboard where people can write humorous notes to future visitors and it gives a little added privacy for those actually doing real "work."When we walked in there was only one other couple there but as we sat and sipped our bubble teas, this place got a lot busier. Being that it was nighttime already, they were all out of pastries and desserts which is what I really wanted. I LIKE bubble teas but I never CRAVE bubble teas. This time around I picked a bubble tea that was milk free, which I had never had before. I got the lychee bubble tea with tapioca beads. I was also able to try the passion fruit bubble tea (also milk free) with mango pearls. They were both ok. I probably should have stuck with what I'm used to (milk based bubble teas) because I probably would have enjoyed those more. I plan to try the milk green matcha tea next time... hopefully with a pastry!
<review# 545,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2013,5/25/2013,158,115,8,7,4>Came here on a Friday night with some girl friends. Cool vibe, cougar central. Started off with the Zulu, a delicious (and strong!) vodka and cucumber drink recommended by a friend. Three sips in and I was tipsy. My friends ordered the red bean hummus and the popcorn as appetizers. Whoever decided it would be a good idea to sprinkle parmesan cheese onto popcorn sounds like someone I should be best friends with. The red bean hummus was different but I really liked it, probably because Asians love red beans in everything.I got the seafood bread bowl for $11. It looks small, but it definitely filled me up. Probably because I was eating bowl made out of bread. My friend ordered the beet salad and when they brought it out we laughed--it was TINY. Like, one bite. I lost a pound just looking at it. Ok, it's not always about size. And clearly it wasn't meant to be a meal on its own. But it was priced similarly to the other salads! She asked for the shrimp salad instead, which, to our relief, wasn't anorexic-sized. Overall, I enjoyed the food and atmosphere and our server was great. I definitely want to check out 10 Degrees South as well.
<review# 546,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2013,5/24/2013,85,212,,6,2>VIBE: I like the darker ambience of this place and the more upscale vibe than the other choices of Mexican restaurants in the area.FOOD: The food is more authentic Mexican and the enchiladas I had were delicious (cheese with a mole sauce, yummmm). The tamales were also top notch as well. For desert, we had the churros with the chocolate sauce... also way delicious.DRINKS: As far as drinks go, I tried the Arizona (tequila, lime, and pacifico in a pint glass) and it was rather tasty.SERVICE: Friendly staff, great host and quick, friendly table service.Overall, if you want a little more upscale, more authentic Mexican restaurant, I would check out Mexcalitos.
<review# 547,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2012,5/23/2013,40,222,9,8,2>It's cliche isn't it to even write about Clermont Lounge, but hey, I still use cliches so here it goes. Having just popped my Clermont cherry - no not my cherry in Clermont - I feel my raw feelings are best described as initial awe with the deer in headlights look. I aint no innocent thang mind you, but I've never been to a place quite like the Clermont. Let me say first of all, there was less stripping than I had assumed - a pleasant surprise since I have mixed feelings about strip clubs. However, I loved the female dancers' outfits and certain glory.The crowd, wow. I couldn't have cast a better film scene. Emory grads, Hampton Beach like folk, young, old, black, white, asian - don't matter. All are to be found at C_lounge. One dude said to me on the dance floor pointing to an old man in a wife beater and an amazing character in shades - those guys are here every Saturday. I looked at him and said, and so are you then? He had that shit I just got caught feeling, sheepishly grinned, and walked away. Aw. The DJs are classic. Absolutely classic. One major complaint - more female bathroom stalls! One...with Venetian blinds as doors. One.. seriously? I think I paid $10 at midnight and it was packed! There was a lot of grinding happening, but that may have just been the drunk-ass birthday celebration crew I came to meet.I almost felt like I was back at Ozone - Salisbury beach, 2001. Sigh good times.
<review# 548,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/7/2013,5/22/2013,234,141,3,12,10>I am happy to announce to the Yelp world that Lawrence's Cafe is OPEN! I love this place. It's a great addition to Decatur. The felafel and gyro make for an affordable lunch in the neighborhood. It is no secret that I dream of Mediterranean food. I dream of copious amount of tzatziki sauce slathered on wonderful cuts of meat. Lawrence's fulfills this dream nicely. The cafe is cute and quaint offering a pleasant dining experience. The wide open windows overlooking College Ave and the train tracks make for a nice view. The small open kitchen is inviting, offering seating at the bar. Lawrence's could definitely move up to 5 stars for me because of the location that is so close as well as having consistent opening hours of 11 am to 10 pm everyday and the staff is incredibly friendly. I can't wait to dine here for dinner.Lawrence, you haven't seen the last of this girl. Welcome to the neighborhood!
<review# 549,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2013,5/21/2013,28,45,9,7,7>For thirty years of my life, I did not eat doughnuts. Then I discovered this place. Coming here has involved a certain amount of soul searching and identity adjustment--I can no longer deny my love of doughnuts--but it's been worth it. I am a fan of the classic yeast style, but RD has a cake style too that's pretty tasty. Nutella cream proved a bit over the top, even for this Nutella lover. Better to stick with low-key classics like vanilla bean (essentially a glazed doughnut) and cinnamon and sugar. Coconut is delicious. And I tried an apple fritter hot out of the fryer the other day that knocked my socks off.Two things are saving me from eating my way to early onset diabetes: the shop closes early (around 4), and they often sell out. It's better that way.
<review# 550,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2013,5/20/2013,37,85,3,5,4>This is an Irish themed pub. This is a nice place to hang out and meet with friends. The atmosphere is very inviting. The interior was very comfortable. I liked the setup of the place with all the deep rich wood working and inlays. In the center of the pub there is a section that rises up two flights of stairs where patrons can sit. You can overlook the rest of the pub. There is a figure carved out of wood dressed in traditional Irish attire on the top section. At the floor level of the same center section, near the steps leading up, you can take a few steps down to another area and table that appears some what covert for more quiet gatherings. Of course around the center section were booths for patrons to sit. We just hung out at the bar.The drinks were reasonably priced. They were mixed in front of you and not watered down. We even tried the cheese cake. It was very rich and tasted wonderful. I only know because I managed to get two bites before it disappeared (Risks of being married). That's what I get for sharing, eh? Thanks for introducing me to this place Katheleen M. And Tom E.I can forsee that there will be multiple visits here in the near future.51/100
<review# 551,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2013,5/18/2013,91,277,4,6,6>This trail is a reminder of why I love living in Atlanta. On a sunny Sunday afternoon, I saw a dad biking with his son and a grocery bag in a trailer behind him. There was a cat taking a nap next to the trail, and a bull dog in a pet stroller. And in the distance, I could see the Midtown skyline.The Eastside Trail only opened three months ago, but it's already getting a lot of use. We parked on Irwin Street and walked to 10th & Monroe and back, which was 2.25 miles each way. The trail is not lit, but there are plans for lighting in the future. The trail hours are the same as City of Atlanta park hours: 6am-11pm.I'm hoping that the BeltLine gets more funding so that they can continue on with the awesome work that they're doing!
<review# 552,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2013,5/17/2013,149,289,6,6,10>Lobster Macaroni and Cheese.Lobster Macaroni and Cheese.Lobster. Mac. and. Cheese.You have to get this. Hell, if you don't eat another thing in this cool, hip little restaurant tucked away a stones throw from Publix on Piedmont downtown, its the LOBSTER MAC AND CHEESE.I'm a mac and cheese snob, but this place did an awesome job on this savory take on a homey classic. You gotta try it. Its a starter, but the portion size is pretty big, you may not even need an entree.The mussels were tasty, the bread that came with it was buttery and slightly grilled. The unicorn fish was awesome, as were the grilled veggies that came with it. Loved their take on  a polenta cake - a lightly coated with shaved coconut and pan fried. Lots of cool fusion-y homegrown cocktails to choose from, and the bartender isn't shy with the liquor. Great little place for an intimate dinner date, or even with friends for appetizers and drinks.You gotta try this place out. You have to.
<review# 553,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2013,5/16/2013,214,189,6,8,5>Having recently moved into the neighborhood, we decided to hit Mix'D Up because of two factors: #1 Yelper Ivan S. once mentioned that their burgers were good, and #2 Yelp Empress Kathleen posted a picture of a celebratory In-N-Out burger from her trip to San Francisco, thereby kicking up a craving in both my and my wife's stomachs.And while the burgers were certainly not the fast-food-esque Animal-Style fare that you'd find at an In-N-Out, they were quite tasty. I got the open-faced Texan, a burger topped with bacon and pulled pork (though it felt more like a pork belly/pork chop sitting atop my beef patty). My wife just got the regular cheeseburger, and she enjoyed it as well. A highlight of our meal was the Italian fries--simple fries, really, but dusted with parmesan and garlic. Just remembering the smell makes my mouth water.
<review# 554,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2013,5/15/2013,98,509,2,4,5>Sadly I don't get to the O4W area of Atlanta too often, but Miso Izakaya is definitely one reason to go back.The inside feels like Japanese woods. Cozy and modern all at the same time.I had the salmon skin salad to start which was crispy and had a wonderful salmon flavor. $6 was a pretty good price for this starter.I had the chirashi sushi for my main meal and it was chock full of fresh and delicious sashimi. I always feel chirashi is the best value for what you get and it was true here as well. Allagash White for $4.50 and great sushi? Sold.Next time I'll try some of their more non-sushi items which look amazing as well.
<review# 555,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2013,5/14/2013,240,558,,6,5>Can one really ever say anything bad about a store that's devoted itself to chocolate in all its various forms?  I think not.Cacao, nestled in the heart of the Virginia Highlands, is a little piece of chocolate heaven.  Yes, everything is more expensive there, but it's understandable - I mean, they're making their own fresh chocolate right there in the shop - you can see the fresh chocolate being churned right there behind the counter.So here's some of Cacao's offerings: hot chocolates, gelatos (of varying flavors), chocolate bars with lots of unique twists added in for interest, truffles and individual pieces of chocolate, and more that I can't remember right now.  It's a lot, but not quite overwhelming because the space is very clean, simple, and white. If you have a special occasion (like a birthday, anniversary or Valentine's Day) or just want to indulge yourself, and you like fine chocolate (I know it's crazy but there are a few sad souls in this world who aren't huge fans of it), Cacao is a great pick for a chocolatier local to Atlanta.
<review# 556,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2013,5/13/2013,157,447,5,3,6>I'll say it again, it's great to have a decent Tex-Mex restaurant in midtown Atlanta. Since my first visit, I've been back several times, and continue to enjoy the margaritas, chips, salsa and queso blanco. If you like spiced beef, I recommend adding the picadillo beef (at no additional charge) to the queso. Kind of tastes like a melted cheeseburger - in a very good way.On a recent lunch visit, I did enjoy the tacos "de brisket", but they were even better goosed with some salsa and queso. The beef is excellent, but I thought the taco needed a little spice boost. The cilantro rice was excellently cooked and had nice flavor, and I enjoyed the fresh avocado on the salad, although I'll admit my avocado ended up on my tacos, not in the salad. (I like customization!)The GF menu is small, but the tacos are served on corn tortillas and come three to a plate, which is ample for sharing.One note when drinking or dining at the bar -- the bar stools move around very, very easily. Which is great if you need to scootch over your seat to make more room, but it can be dangerous. So please take care if you've had a few. The bartenders have seen more than a few mishaps.
<review# 557,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2013,5/12/2013,243,486,3,7,3>I used to be an acupuncture veteran, but hadn't received a great treatment since I moved from SF ten years ago. Until today!Kimberly Saul is experienced and intuitive. She relieved the pain I've had in my neck that two consecutive massages couldn't touch. And I felt totally blissed out while the needles were in. I really appreciated that the supplements she suggested were reasonably priced. (I took my daughter to a CM Chiropractor who wanted to charge me $42 for a vitamin A/C combo. Yikes.)TIPS: Her main office is in Lawrenceville and she has limited hours ITP, so book in advance. The office is in the plaza across from Ainsley Mall, upstairs from Top Spice.Cheers~
<review# 558,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2013,5/11/2013,397,329,4,8,5>This has been my go to place to get foot massages lately. Pregnancy and being a nurse don't go too well together. I'm on my feet a majority of the day and by the end of the day my back and feet are usually killing me! I've been to this place twice, both times after work, and they've been consistently great!I've walked in both times without an appointment and have not had to wait since they seem to always be adequately staffed. Foot massages here are $25. You start off by lying down in a huge, comfy recliner while soaking your feet for about 10 minutes. After the soak, your feet are rubbed for 40 minutes. The last 10 minutes consist of a scalp/face, neck/shoulders massage. The second time I went, I asked for an extra 10 minutes on my neck/shoulders since my neck and shoulders were super tense. It started off great and my knots were getting worked out but the massage got a little repetitive and painful after a few minutes. It would've been perfect if there was some mid/lower back massaging involved. I probably won't pay the extra $10 next time for the extra 10 minutes. One of my girlfriends that I went with enjoyed her extra 10 minutes though. I highly recommend this place for their foot massages. Don't forget to ask for their punch card! Buy 10 foot massages, get one free!
<review# 559,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2013,5/10/2013,663,210,9,8,8>Take it from a girl who does NOT like snoballs (i.e. flavored sugar on sharp pieces of ice), this place is AMAZING! I washed my car on a day I really should have been indoors, sitting in front of my AC vents, so I had no choice but to stop in here to stop my skin from melting during Atlanta's first "I decided to kill you all, via humidity" spell this spring. I had very low expectations, because I tend to stay away from sugar and ice as the sole ingredients in any product (is there anything else, besides snoballs?), and I was reformed after my first bite. First, I was impressed to find that my tongue was not immediately bleeding from the shards of ice, because different than every other snoball I for some reason have had in my life, this ice was mushy- almost...creamy? It was soft on my tongue. Next, the syrup tasted natural! I don't know if it was actually natural (in fact, I'm pretty sure it wasn't), but it TASTED natural, and that's what counts (sometimes). I got the mango flavor, and it tasted like a mango melting on my tongue. I am now a reformed snoballist- but only when it comes to Orleagian.
<review# 560,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2013,5/9/2013,296,419,3,9,8>I do believe what you put into your body equals what kind of health you will be in.Hence why I like this place. A lot of organic, gluten free choices. And it definitely has paleo choices. Like a protein heavy omelette, oven baked wings, or baked chicken options. The food here is delicious but since a lot of the menu items is organic, it is pricey. Parking is tricky but it can be found in the back of the restaurant. Just follow the squawking of the birds!And I love how this place is open 24 hours a day. Come around 2-4am and there is a crowd of people coming from bars/clubs and I heard you might be able to catch an ATL local celebrity at this place.
<review# 561,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2013,5/8/2013,89,103,2,10,8>I had heard a lot of buzz about this place and thankfully my experience lived up to the hype. Now I know there's some fierce debate in the city about Antico versus Ammazza and after trying both several times, I'm giving the victory to Ammazza.The environment isn't for everyone but I was a big fan of the laid back atmosphere. Everything I've had here is amazing so let your heart lead the way in terms of ordering. Each time I've been is at a "busy" time and I haven't had trouble with wait time or getting a table, that being said if you want a more mellow dining experience, don't go Friday night at 7 or any other peak time. This joint is popular and does get busy. Each visit has had a diverse crowd which I enjoy, some of the Edgewood restaurants seem to be a little more niche which is fine but there's something to be said for that spot that is a mixture of first dates, a group of friends, and adorable families. Makes me believe in the power of the neighborhood in the big city. The restaurant uses local ingredients which I love and has a great staff. Ammazza has definitely secured a spot as a top 10 place to eat in Atlanta.
<review# 562,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2013,5/7/2013,338,442,2,6,5>After a decidedly unsatisfying ramen lunch at Sushi Avenue on the Square, we sauntered over here to check out whether it had anything good to offer...Boy, they didn't disappoint. All I got were two empanadas (one barbacoa-roast pork, and one crab/mango) which came with a vinagrete-based cole slaw/salad- for just about $6 bucks!  The crab/mango empanada was an pleasant and interesting balance of flavors- and yes, they use real shredded crab meat that isn't wet and soppy, but still tensile and stringy as it should be. There was a good portion of the filling inside the perfectly fried outside pastry. The pastry was fried just right because there wasn't any excessive bubbling in the pastry- nor was it overly greasy! The barbacoa empanada wasn't filled as much as the crab one was, but the flavor was really spot on. Nothing really to complain about.  Just good food. I'm looking forward to trying the arepas and tortas in the future.
<review# 563,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2012,5/6/2013,244,602,12,16,14>We usually end up at Arepa Mia as the end point of an extremely tedious decision tree.--Don't want to drive too far? No.--Fancy or casual? Casual.--Can handle the presence of a possible crying baby? Yes.--Gluten-free? Yes.--Tasty. Damn right.Fortunately for me, there IS that last "tasty" parameter in my decision tree and Arepa Mia definitely fits the bill. Because everything's made to order, the lines and the wait can get a little long, but sit down, people watch. It won't kill you.The arepas run around $6-7, which are a little on the high side for an arepa, but they're pretty filling. The empanadas are two for $5 and are equally filling. Choose between pork, beef, chicken, or veggie-style. Some have cheese, some don't. But hell, just give me something. I've made enough decisions even trying to get to this joint.
<review# 564,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2013,5/5/2013,147,260,4,6,5>I've never had (let alone heard of) New Orleans-style SnoBall before. Being the enthusiast of shaved-ice desserts, I had to see what it was all about. Of course, the winters in Atlanta being 60 degrees also helped a lot.I would recommend any of their stuffed snoballs (the ones with ice cream in the center). I've tried the Island's Paradise which was really good - a great combination of sweet and citrus flavor. I've also tried a flavor called Gabby Douglas (which isn't written on the menu board). If you are a fan of strawberry, then I would highly recommend that flavor. From what I've tried, I personally favor the fruity SnoBalls over the chocolate ones - I think they go better with the lightness of the shaved ice texture.I wish there was a better way of ordering and receiving your SnoBall. The cafe is a pretty cozy and small place, so if you go in a busy evening, it's somewhat hard to tell where the end of the line is. Last time I went there, there were several people waiting to receive their SnoBall. Because they didn't announce which SnoBall was whose, I accidentally picked up someone else's. They were very nice about it quickly made another one, but it got pretty hectic and confusing!
<review# 565,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2013,5/4/2013,777,438,12,12,7>For Valentine's Day my hunka hunka hunka burning love treated us to dinner at SouthCity Kitchen! Southern foods!? I'M GOING TO EXPLODE WITH HAPPINESS. Like many other restaurants on Valentine's Day, SCK had a prix-fixe menu. However, the menu had a great selection of the uszh as well as new items for the special day. I was eustress-ing over the appetizers because I could only pick one but I really wanted 5 things from the menu. I ended up with the chicken livers and my gallant loverr picked the scallops, which I do not believe is part of the usual menu. The chicken liver w the creamed corn was exquisite. No seriously, it was really good. The two scallops were seared and served with a sweet potato puree. It was also very good. I wish I had 20 of these to pop in my mouth. It took a lot for the two of us to not order the fried chickens because it was seducing us like crazy as the servers brought it to other tables. However, our little ray of sunshine server sold me on the braised short ribs. I mean, it comes with lobster mash potatoes for goodness sake! My [insert pet name] went with the red grouper. I loved the verdant spinach risotto it was served with. Also, the roasted parsnips had a natural sweetness and wonderful texture.We opted for caramel apple toffee pudding served with fresh cream and almonds, and buttermilk chess pie with blueberry compote. I really enjoyed the desserts. They were just the right amount of indulgence and not overly saccharine. SCK Midtown does not have its own lot or valet parking. However, there is a parking deck on the same block as well as street parking. I knew it was going to be a splendiferous evening when we found parking immediately in front of the restaurant. Prime parking in midtown gets me giddy! SCK Midtown is interestingly wedged between a lot of nightlife. We dined upstairs and we could peer into Flip Flop's window. Towards the end of our meal, we could also see night clubbers line up across the street. Even so, SCK is most definitely a fine dining experience. Osh kosh b-gosh I can't remember her name now but I was about to leave my mane for our server as she was so sweet and attentive. She uncorked her first bottle of wine when we were there! mazel tov!
<review# 566,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2013,5/3/2013,13,90,3,7,7>The food here is amazing. I had the lamp lollipops, the crab cakes and the chicken. I always seem to love lamp chops and this was no exception. I'll definitely be coming back to have them again. Usually, I'm not a big fan of crab cakes, but the chef highly recommended them and I was really glad we got them. Very very tasty. I forget the full name of the chicken dish, but the sauce on it was very very good. I've had two drinks here, both kind of sweet. A little too sweet for my taste, but given what I ordered, I should have expected that. I look forward to trying other drinks. The decor is great. It's like a ski lodge and has a nice woody smell that you might get from a lodge recently built.
<review# 567,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/16/2012,5/2/2013,61,712,3,9,4>This place is weird. It's got a beat up facade. It's next to a lawn with junk including a Volkswagen Beetle, yet its marked with bright red doors. It lies on Carroll St, a two-way street. Cars are parked in one direction, yet traffic only seems to come from the other. With a block's walk are both a cemetery and a Southwestern restaurant. Stepping inside is walking back in time. You've stepped back in time and into a local grocery store. Yet I ordered a sausage, egg, and cheese croissant, the croissant supplied by Holeman & Finch. I sat at one of about seven stools at a wooden counter, watching two people in the kitchen hammering out biscuits or tending to customers, some of which they know by first name. As I take a bite into this delicious breakfast sandwich, a woman who grabbed a coffee hops up to the counter. "A dollar," she's told. "Taller?" the customer responds. "No, a dollar. But we can all use a taller coffee." Meanwhile, I stare into a glass counter that stores old WWF wrestling toys. Another person comes in and grabs some fruit and a beverage. In and out like that. The sandwich I'm eating is delicious. I hop to the counter and pay. Five bucks. There is something refreshing about a place that is reflects the character of its neighborhood and its inhabitants. It straddles both the past and present. It's exceedingly rare these days to find a place like this, where you can come in, go about your business, and escape for a little while. I hear the burgers and hot dogs hear are awesome. Despite not having tasted them, I'm a fan of this place. Don't you wish every part of town of every city had a place like this?
<review# 568,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2013,5/1/2013,190,335,2,7,4>I am newly without a washer and dryer.  Yuck! Trust and believe this will soon be remedied.  In the mean time, laundry must be done.  I found Midtown Wash and this place made it as good as washing clothes can be (which is very limited good). The gentleman owner was so very pleasant.  He made suggestions which saved me money on my washing.  He told me that on Tuesdays and Thursdays he serves coffee and offers free detergent.  He also gave me card that gains me a free wash after ten washes.  He was so sweet!  I saw him help a lady to her card with her laundry.  MW offers free wi-fi. They have the standard change machine, detergent machine, and drink and snack machines.  You can drop off your laundry and have them do it and they also do repairs on clothing items.  The place is clean and I like how they have the larger washers and dryers for big loads.  Anytime I have to do laundry I will go here.  Customer service is outstanding.  These people are so friendly.  They are open until 10pm.
<review# 569,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2013,4/30/2013,97,124,5,5,4>Southern Sweets has pulled me out of Yelp review hiatus! I literally had one of the best pieces of carrot cake, which is my 2nd fave dessert, of my existence here on earth. On top of that, it was a vegan slice. I'm very much a "eat a lil' errrr thang" type of gal, but I specifically went to try our their vegan desserts for an upcoming bday party that is requesting a vegan bday cake.This is THE spot that fits all of the phrases, "Never judge a book by its cover" because this gem is well hidden in a barrage of brick industrial looking buildings. "Good things come in small packages" because the spot isn't huge, so don't bring a party of 12. "Mmm Mmm Good" because those were all the sounds I made when tearing into this cake as well as the chicken salad wrap which boast "the best" ehhh it's good, full of mayo, but not the best. Don't believe me, "Go see for yourself". Is that a well known phrase? Nah, it's a Jill S. original :)
<review# 570,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2013,4/29/2013,151,132,11,10,7>My boss took me here for my birthday dinner. My first impression of the place was that it was cozy, full, and reminded me of my grandmother's house. In a good, comfy, way. Gone are the sharp, sterile, lines of contemporary decor. No steel beams or warehouse lighting here. Here, one finds a nostalgic, plush, juxtaposition of Thai, the early 90's, and someone's grandma's living room.  Or perhaps, the feel was reminiscent of an old restaurant on Bleeker street, NYC. Either way, I quite liked it.Service: Prompt and professional.Ordered: App: Crab Vidalia: A cool fresh crab salad with greens and a citrus dressing. Topped with diced tomatoes and sliced white onions. Tasty.Entree: This menu offered at least 7,233 different versions of snapper. I ordered the Snapper Yvonne. Flaky, perfectly cooked, with a tart lemon sauce. Fresh lump crab was seasoned and sprinkled on top with the lemon sauce. All well done.Dessert: Great key lime pie. Tasted fresh. Whipped topping was delicious, lime filling could use more tartness for my taste.All in all, I quite enjoyed the meal.Take: Your mom.Wear: A faux fur stole.
<review# 571,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2012,4/28/2013,286,463,3,7,5>This is one of the best Ethiopian restaurants I've ever eaten at. The service is great and their food is quite flavorful.  It's even friendly for first timers!I had a great time eating here on two occasions.One of the neat things about Ethiopian dining is they encourage you to use your hands instead of utensils. I rarely follow this etiquette but they do make it pretty easy to eat with your hands.  I found it interesting that each table had a bottle of hand sanitizer for those who are too lazy to wash their hands in their bathrooms.Definitely try their vegetarian platter with the grilled fish or their filet mignon tib entree.Hands down, this is one of our most favorite Ethiopian restaurants in town.
<review# 572,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2013,4/27/2013,291,260,4,6,4>This is one of my favorite tapas restaurants that I've been to. The room is dim-lit but still colorful from the decor and live music. The place was a little hard to find, but basically keep driving down Miami Circle past the roundabout and more. Yeah, just keep swimming, just keep swimming. Voila! It's around the back! Thankfully from Spanish class, I knew Luna meant moon, so when I saw the glowing moon sign, I knew I had found Eclipse Di Luna. Parking is abundant!! No need to bring money for a valet. The service was absolutely wonderful, and the waiter was pretty cute I might add. We ordered, and the food began coming out within 5 minutes. MEJILLIONES CON SALSA VERDE | $6.75 | 5 StarsI really enjoyed the this mussel dish. The best part was scooping the broth up in the shell and eating it with the mussel. Ohhh yummm. ENSALADA DE MANZANA | $5.75 | 3.5 StarsThe arugula salad came with radicchio, apples, walnuts, cheese and apple cider & walnut dressing. It was a really light and refreshing salad. Definitely pretty good if I were just to eat salad for my meal, but compared to some of the other savory dishes, this paled in comparison.ESPARRAGOS ASADOS CON ALMENDRAS | $4.95 | 3 StarsThis asparagus is in sherry vinegar and toasted almonds. The sherry vinegar at the bottom overpowers the dish, so it wasn't one of my favorites. But the asparagus itself was decent, better than what I could make at home.EJOTES CRUJIENTES | $4.25 | 5 StarsThese lightly fried green beans are freaking amazing. I love green beans already as it is, and this was just phenomenal. Couldn't recommend it more! CARNE ASADA | $6.75 | 5 StarsThis dish was superb, seriously phenomenal. The steak medallion was so tender and juicy, and the tomatillo sauce was rather addictive. I couldn't smother my beef enough. This was my favorite dish of the night.POLLO A LA PARRILLA | $5.50 | 2.5 StarsThis chicken dish over potato and chickpea puree was not very appetizing. It think the chicken was too soft and blended into the texture of the puree. CALAMARES FRITOS | $5.95 | 3 StarsI've had many fried calamari dishes in my days, and this is not the best that I've had, but it was enjoyable. I especially loved the thick chunks of tomato from the pico de gallo. Overall, very pleasant experience. The service, food, and atmosphere were great. Not the best place to go on a date since it was a bit loud, but definitely a nice casual place to enjoy the company of others. All this amazing food plus the 50% off Scoutmob deal makes it all the more worth it.[4 of 100]
<review# 573,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2013,4/26/2013,48,110,3,11,6>I have been wanting to dine at Ecco for over a year now after always hearing so many impressive reviews about the place, so I saw Valentines Day as the perfect occasion to give this place a try.Silly me decided not to book a reservation until the day of and was disappointed to find out that the place was fully booked for Valentines Day evening and not accepting anymore reservations. Fortunately, after continuously checking Open Table, a 7:15 dinner reservation  opened up and I quickly snatched it up! WIN!My partner and I arrived to the restaurant several minutes early and was immediately seated at a corner booth that I requested (best seats in the house). We were quickly greeted by our server who was absolutely fantastic. Christian was her name. She was amazing and provided extraordinary service for our very special evening. I was already knowledgeable of the menu at Ecco and knew that I wanted to definitely try the fried goat cheese and piquillo stuffed peppers with braised beef. Both were delicious and met my high expectations.For entrees I ordered the Spaghetti, clam bellies, crab, trout roe, crème fraiche, herbs, lemon pasta and my partner order the Wood-grilled mahi mahi, porcini vinaigrette, wilted kale with a side of Pommes frites with housemade mayonnaise. Both entrées were stellar, a bit on the smaller side, but very satisfying nonetheless.I was looking forward to trying their ice cream, but due to allergy concerns we skipped dessert here and headed to Cafe Intermezzo afterwards.Ecco was a great restaurant. Very classy and romantic and was the perfect spot to celebrate the 3rd Valentines Day with my wonderful partner. I will definitely return here and try some of their other delicious foods.
<review# 574,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2013,4/25/2013,342,294,2,9,4>No stylist has ever paid such attention to my tresses! Laura literally went over my entire scalp trimming all of my split ends (it'd been 4 months since my last haircut) and got my hair back in more defined shape.Laura's salon is so peaceful. Even though I was feeling a bit stressed rushing over on my lunch break, she made me feel right at home. "Relax, this is your time." she cooed in her sweet Southern accent. I breathed deep, enjoying the sound of the Lumineers crooning on Pandora, and let Laura work her salon magic.The treatment was great. I loved the organic Inner Sense products, especially the orange flower oil used to blow dry my hair smooth. I can't say I've ever had a more relaxing experience at a salon and I won't wait 4 months again for my next haircut!
<review# 575,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2012,4/24/2013,789,691,2,9,5>I'm all for more Korean restaurant options in Doraville, and I like that this place has very reasonable prices - most dishes are under $10 (which are more like lunch prices at other Korean restaurants), and they've got all the basic Korean dishes here. The service is also super nice, and the food is pretty good. I did get confirmation they're not related to the Korea Garden formerly in Pinetree Plaza. COMPLIMENTARY BANCHAN For both my visits, we got seven banchan which might be worth mentioning b/c my mandu guk had seven mandu (dumplings) -- "7" is a special number in the Bible, and the restaurant is closed on Sundays so I'm guessing the 7 might be intentional. Haha, all just speculation though :) ***Updated: I believe they're open on Sundays now.MANDU GUK - $6.95Our server said the mandu is homemade - they tasted ok but what wow'd me the most was the soup. The broth was super flavorable and almost addicting - loved it! And as I mentioned earlier, the soup had seven mandu which is more than what most places serve. DOLSOT BIBIMBAB - $8.95I tried some of my friend's dish and thought it was very good. Friend enjoyed it too. L.A. GALBI BOX - $8.95I love that I can get Galbi for under $10, all day long! Good portion and the meat was very tasty and on the sweeter side which I like but if you don't like your meat sweet, you might not be a fan. This is a bento box but not really b/c the sides weren't all that impressive - just iceberg salad, rice, daikon, and orange. I'd definitely order this again though ... and still can't believe it's just $8.95.YUKGAEJANG - $6.95This is a spicy beef soup, not the "Korean Sausage Soup" which is wrongly translated in the menu. I tried a few bites and thought it was pretty good. My dad really enjoyed it, and he's pretty picky with his Yukgaejang - he said it rivals Han Il Kwan''s version. ***Updated: my dad had it again in March and didn't like it at all and now refuses to come back. Like I said, he's a picky eater and sadly doesn't give restaurants second chances :(HAEMOOL KALGOOKSU - $6.95Love that the noodles are homemade (assuming so since the noodles were different widths) but the broth was pretty bland. Seafood included squid, two mussels, and shrimp (which my mom said was just ok). Maybe not the best Kalgooksu but nice to know it's available in Doraville :)I'll definitely be back often. Next time I'd like to try the Soondubu Jigae esp. since their restaurant sign now says Tofu House under their name. Talk about trying to compete w/ So Kong Dong across the street, hehe. FYI - they're located next to Cafe Mozart.
<review# 576,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2013,4/23/2013,159,524,9,21,8>After a glacial delay in opening due to the bureaucratic ineptitude of the city of Atlanta, I'm pleased to report that Gatsby's Social Club and Dessert Lounge is officially open for business in the Midtown Promenade space formerly occupied by the 3-Legged Cowboy. As with any new establishment, Gatsby's still has several kinks to work out. However, I'm bestowing a provisional four stars because the concept is novel, the theme is nicely executed, and the management and staff are genuinely nice people.Food: Since Gatsby's is touted as a dessert lounge, I'd be remiss not to give an honest  account of their dessert offerings, which I'm sad to say were slightly underwhelming. I will caveat the preceding comment by acknowledging that they've only been open a few days, so things will likely improve with time. During my visit, four desserts were available: moon pie, s'mores cupcake, red velvet cake, and chocolate chess pie. We opted for the latter two, which were edible, but forgettable - the chess pie was the lower achiever of the pair and would have benefited from being warmed prior to service. Aside from the dessert quality, I was also surprised by the limited selection - I'm not an ardent fan of chocolate, so the option of a fruit tart, cheesecake, ice cream, or some other cake would have been ideal. Although several specialty cocktails were available, the imbibable desserts were also virtually nonexistent - the menu would benefit from chocolate-based martinis, gourmet hot chocolates, or even sipping chocolates.Service: All the staff were extremely friendly and eager to please. Upon entry, we were promptly greeted and attended to by our cocktail waitress, who was decked out in full 1920's regalia. Several other employees also stopped by to check on us throughout the visit.  Atmosphere: It's more than apparent that a great deal of thought and effort has gone into transforming this place into a roaring twenties themed destination. The interior of this place can best be described as "business in front and party in back" - the front consists of an intimate lounge area that's decorated with antique furniture and accessories, while the back consists of a large dance floor. A large bar also extends the entire length of the space. Cost: Appropriately priced for the experience and location. Desserts are $5-$8, coffees are $4-$5, and specialty cocktails are approximately $8-$12. Credit cards are accepted.Other: Hours of operation are Tuesday-Saturday, 6PM-2:30AM. Live music is featured three to five nights a week with both local and out-of-town DJ's. Free parking is available in the Midtown Promenade lot. Although smoking is not allowed in the venue, there is a large cigarette machine situated in the middle of the place, which was out of place in terms of both aesthetics and societal progress - it's 2013 and the cigarette machine belongs in a museum or in the back by the toilets.
<review# 577,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2013,4/22/2013,403,702,3,8,4>OBSESSED.We weren't really sure of what to expect since we've only heard of this place through the grapevine. I was NOT disappointed...except near the end, but more on that later.Atmosphere: I loved the atmosphere of this place. I came here with my boyfriend and another couple; this place is perfect for social settings. It was on the louder side of things, but not so loud where we had to scream to hear each other. There were two levels to Orsmby's. Also, there were plenty of games to play (like pool, darts, ie bar games) which made it fun to watch.Food: The food was delicious. We didn't get to order any of the entrees b/c it was past 11pm, but we did get the sandwiches. The onion rings are RIDICULOUSLY HUGE! I ordered the eggplant sandwich, which was surprisingly a little greasy but still satisfying. The appetizer we ordered (calamari) was decent, but again, a little on the greasy side which was a turn off.Pricing: Expect to fork out $10-$15 for the food and about $8+ for drinks. I'd say this is about average for the Atlanta scene.Drinks: Drinks were stout and bartenders were knowledgeable with their beverages. They also have an extensive beer list, which is awesome for my boyfriend (a self proclaimed beer connoisseur). They actually had HOP SLAM on draught, which is pretty scarce considering they limit the purchases of HOP SLAM to one 6 pack per customer, per day (when they have it on stock).Service: Our server started out fantastic and ended badly. I think they need to be fully staffed on a Friday night, b/c it looked like our server was suddenly "slammed" by the late crowd and disappeared on us. Was she drinking on the side or just overworked? Not sure, but she sure was loopy near the end of our meal. She literally forgot all about us and as we looked over to the other tables, she had forgotten them too. Yikes! Negative one star.OVERALL, this place is a fun vibe and certainly worth the try. We will be coming back again!
<review# 578,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2013,4/21/2013,62,94,,8,6>Great experience at the urban farm location. The people that run this are so sweet and personable, it doesn't feel at all like a cooking class. It's more like hanging out at your friends house and helping to make dinner. The coolest part of this experience was going out back to the farm and picking the vegetables for the dish ourselves. Taking "farm to table" quite literally. While I really enjoyed the experience, I didn't feel like I learned anything and I wasn't completely impressed with what we made. Our Brunswick stew was essentially veggies from the garden, some chicken, and Sweet Baby Ray's BBQ sauce. I get it that the Sweet Baby Ray's was meant to save time, but first of all, ew; and second of all, if I'm paying that much for a cooking class, I want you to take the time to show me something cool. I really loved the concept and the people, I just wasn't that impressed with the product. That being said, it is a really fun and interesting way to spend an afternoon, and would make a killer date.  I would definitely be willing to try them again for a different type of class.
<review# 579,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2013,4/20/2013,196,217,1,9,5>What a fun night out! We saw Iliza Shlesigner, winner of NBC's Last Comic Standing, over the weekend and while she was the (rightful and hilarious) headliner, several of the other home grown local comics were thoroughly enjoyable and entertaining as well. Overall, $20 per ticket (the Sweetjack offer was published after I bought our tickets for my bf's Valentine's Day gift), was well worth it, even with the ticket fees. Valet was free and fast - both drop off and pick up, just get your ticket validated at the counter when you check in. If possible, avoid will call and print tickets in advance as we were able to sidestep a big portion of the line this way and ended up with better seats as a result. There are a number of things which can and should be improved, however:1) NO drink service until after 8 pm when show started - a wait of at least 45 minutes for any greeting or offer of service whatsoever! Why, oh why, is this the case? Is there a rule preventing earlier service, especially in light of the 2 drink minimum per attendee? Crazy long wait! 2) The seating is General Admission for the most part on shared long rectangular tables, so it pays to get there early in order to get at least a reasonable view of the performer, vs just the side big screens. 3) It took 15 minutes to get cashed out at the end as the server did not even drop off the checks until after the show ended, but did notify of last call about 20 minutes prior to end of show. This caused a major delay preventing the emptying of the theatre as we all waited for our checks and the 10 pm show attendees had to cool their heels outside for longer. The place should at least drop the checks a bit earlier for expediency's sake. Best bet: go to the 8 pm show, consider getting a drink at one of the other East Andrews locations first and bring cash in order to pay tab more easily at the end. Have fun!
<review# 580,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2013,4/19/2013,103,217,,5,3>There's something magical about a true fine chocolate. Yeah, you can get that cardboard tasting tripe that huge companies wish they could trick you into believing is chocolate by the bucket-load on the cheap. But if you are looking for QUALITY over quantity (but trust me, you can get it by the bucket load too, if you are so inclined) this is the spot. A quaint little shop where all the finest chocolates are handmade by an actual Frenchman (not just some douche who had one semester abroad in college). Relax with a few chocolate truffles (my favorites are the Grand Marnier, Cognac, Rum, and the chocolate covered orange peel).Are you one of those crazy-weird people that's not a fan of chocolate? Fine. They also cookies, pastries, and breads. Get a cup of coffee and a slice of quiche (handmade fresh daily!) or one of their delicious sandwiches made on bread that they bake right there in the shop. I cannot explain in words how much I love this amazing little piece of heaven, that was sat down right in the middle of Chamblee. The staff has always been so polite, friendly, helpful, and PATIENT -- which is super important, because people don't always know what they want. I've never felt rushed or like they were exasperated with me or anyone I've ever seen in the shop who was taking their time deciding what they wanted. Love love love love love. Does that explain it enough for you? Oh, you're headed there now? I'm grabbing my keys - I'll meet you there!
<review# 581,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2013,4/18/2013,37,121,3,5,5>I came here on several occasions for lunch and breakfast, and needless to say, this place is an asset to Clifton Road.The price point in a little high for lunch time (sandwiches about $8-10, and several bucks extra for sides), but for the ingredients and the care they put into their food, it's worth every penny.  Just my two cents (pun intended).My favorite on the menu is the matzo ball soup with the half turkey sandwich.  The matzo is in a savory chicken broth with tiny pieces of carrots and onion.  It almost tastes just like the chicken soup my mom makes.  The turkey sandwich took me by surprise because I expected cold cut turkey breast on soft bread, but it's real turkey breast with a soft cheese spread, arugula all on a crunchy baguette.  Please sir, may I have some Muir? The pastrami is fairly large and decent (not the best, but still really good).  The hamburger is freshly made and has a Bocado-type feel to it in that the sauce has kind of that BigMac/mayo+ketchup/thousand island taste to it.  It's on an onion roll and has these really good sweet pickles inside.Their coffee drinks are excellent.  The cappuccino hits the spot every time.As for breakfast, the avenue a is alright.  It is nova on top of a bagel, cream cheese and little pieces of dill, grapefruit, onion and avocado.  The combo is a little heavy on the cream cheese and really skimpy with the avocado and the other toppings.  The salmon though is nice salted and thick.  Probably not worth $11.Service is hit or miss.  I guess it depends on the person.  Breakfast was a miss because the waiter was extremely slow even though there were only two other tables there.  Lunch has been the opposite- very quick and friendly.  I probably wouldn't do the breakfast here again, but I see many lunches in the future.
<review# 582,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2013,4/17/2013,474,1389,5,12,6>I've been to events at Imagine It! before, but this was our first visit with our little guy, who's 2.25.  We know that he's old enough to play with the stuff himself, but not old enough to focus, so we planned our first visit for a Target Free Tuesday (free admission in the afternoon on the 2nd Tuesday of each month, sponsored by Target).The museum is big enough to let kids run and has lots different vignettes to enjoy.  There's the food and grocery area, where there are larger than life displays of food, a cow, a tractor, plastic items for your kids to shop, a truck to unload the groceries, a grocery store with cashier's station to practice check out.  There's a house with living room, kitchen, bedrooms, etc, all in kid-size proportions.While there is an area in the back right that is supposedly for those under 5 only, there were plenty of older children in there due to the draw of the magnetic fishing poles in the pond/waterfall.  There's also a treehouse and book center under the "trees" but it was all about the water feature.  While there are raincoats for you to put on your little one, ours was already soaking wet by the time we noticed them, so there was no point.There's a stage area for the Imagineers to perform, particularly for school groups, but also periodically during the day.  There's a board with the schedule when you walk in telling you what's going on (usually something on the hour each hour).There's a lunch table area for when school groups come, but you can also use that area to sit and relax/feed your kids while you visit.There's an area for a limited-time program in the center.  The current exhibition is "Body Carnival" teaching kids and parents about how their bodies work.  Our little guy was too young to focus on the activities and too scared to go into any of the tunnels/enclosures.The Tools for Solutions exhibit features machines (simple and complex) that move plastic balls throughout the display.  It's got pulleys, screws, gears, water jets, and more. There's a moon-sand area where the kids can play with and mold with sand that acts a little like play-doh.  They sell moon-sand in the gift shop in case your kids can't get enough (or if that's the only thing they want to do, take some home and save yourself the trip!)There's a room or two that you can reserve for birthday parties as well.There's an area with a bond and magnetic fishing poles for the younger kids (less than 5) though it isn't well-enforced.  The area for the smallest kids (not yet walking) is all the way at the back right, and is chock full of mats, soft blocks, mirrors, etc.  Thankfully none of the older kids or their parents seemed interested, so you probably could count on that to be the right age kids.In short, there's a lot to keep your little one engaged.  There are several pay lots for parking nearby, all at least 1 block away.
<review# 583,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2013,4/16/2013,84,62,1,19,5>I've always passed by it driving to work but was never thrilled about the idea of a consignment shop in a strip mall next to firehouse subs. When I first walked in it was a nice hodgepodge of items all around, and when I started looking closer at their items they were nice! Theory tops, Tory Burch shoes, Chanel bags. They have a huge range of items here and reasonably priced. They had a pair of Louboutins (too small so tragic) for $200, A Longchamp le pilage medium bag for $50 (scored!) and so many adorable dresses and tops! They don't take anything that's more than two seasons old for the trendy stuff, and the things they carry is quite tasteful! I found a gorgeous printed Sara Campbell Easter coat there and was quite happy with my purchase, until I got a phone call later that afternoon from the store. Worried that I didn't pay enough, or something crazy happened I called back. Turns out there was a DRESS that came with the coat! and they told me they'd have it for me to pick up whenever I'm ready! I don't' think I'll shop full price at any boutique from now on. This might be my new go to place for clothes :)
<review# 584,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2012,4/15/2013,176,115,6,61,7>Being new to the area I'm not sure if this is normal for this area but I love their set up. I was going in for one thing and one thing only, hair! Only two choices to make - texture and length ... making the choice far from difficult. Upon my arrival I was asked if I've been there before. Once I was told the saleslady no; she promptly showed me examples of the hair texture (from bone straight to curly/wavy) and length. The prices were clearly labeled and more than fair! Much cheaper than the price I pay in Cali. I was in and out in 5 minutes. The best part overall is that this is GOOD hair. I have not been very good at wrapping my hair every night but the quality has stayed in tact. Its easy to comb through and sheds very little. The hair is full without being bulky and it washes super easy. The shop also sells accessories like earrings and offer hair services and waxing. This will definitely be my go-to spot!
<review# 585,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2012,4/14/2013,149,183,7,4,5>It's a Saturday afternoon, Atlanta, and I wanted to spend some quality time with a very quality person. Keep this in mind. Brunch is always on my mind, if you can believe that "Georgia" ranks number 3 or 4 thanks to Bacon (1) and Eggs (2). My dear made a reservation for a 1:30 brunch at Rosebud. I know, he's such a dork.  Obviously G was hungry like the wolf, and likely to eat as such as this fine dining institution. I was prepared for these obstacles. But like I first stated, it's a must that you dine with a quality specimen when brunching at Rosebud. We were early for our reservation, even after plenty of time spent making illegal U-turns to grab some mid-day Virginia Highland parking. It's not that bad. But there is a lot of in-town traffic, especially during the holidays.  Our server was very diligent, and I could tell he was working under pressure with his other tables. To clarify, he didn't seem stressed. It appeared that other customers had been waiting a long time for their meals, too. We waited around 30-40 minutes.  It seemed simple enough. We ordered the corndogs for our appetizer, and when the server told us that they had already ran out of two items on the menu, we decided on (1) of the (3!) specials: something with oysters for G, and for me: a benedict of sorts. I swear it came equipped with two sausage burgers and a future nap that kicks in LATER after eating.  Our corndogs never came, although my coffee was refilled with generally good server attendance. Yes, the chef came to see if we loved the special, and you'll find that out soon... Eventually, we asked about our appetizer, to find that our server had forgotten to put them in. Oh well. By this point, I had eaten a sausage benedict with grits, and I'm pulling at the seams of my clothing. ...I keep talking about how I wish I were in a booth, just, so badly. (For the nap that could kick in any moment, now.)  Meanwhile, G has ordered this insane Texas toast benedict with fried oysters, and shedding a tear for each flavor he's tasting and describing without causing a scene.  When our server brought the dawgs, we painfully stuffed them into our mouths, while looking at each other like it's our last battered-n-fried breakfast sausage on earth. We told our server that it was fine to toss that order, but he brought it anyway, and were charged. This was where RB lost a star, from me.I would like to come back another time. as I really enjoyed the food and delicious ingredients. I had to write about it as soon as possible!Love,Bacon, Eggs, and Georgia.
<review# 586,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2013,4/13/2013,38,159,1,7,7>I've heard a lot about this place so I finally checked it out a couple of weeks ago. The drinks from the "bar" were great - well made and creative. My only gripe is the fact that there is no real bar - just a side room where the "bar"tender makes drinks. If having to wait for your table to be ready, it's much easier to just order from a bar rather than flag down a passing server to order a drink!I had the *secret* burger which was quite delicious. The fried, thick cross sections of potatoes on the side was a welcome change from the traditional french fries. The burger itself was a great mix of chuck and brisket and was quite large. I love when I'm able to get 2 meals out of a $10 dinner! The family style seating can be a little awkward when trying to have a private conversation but we did love the team service!
<review# 587,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2013,4/12/2013,279,192,3,4,3>For five years I've been driving northeast on Scott Blvd / Lawrenceville Hwy, and each time I've passed Decatur Wine & Spirits on my right, I've thought, "Wow, what a sketchy looking package store."  I'm sorry, Decatur Wine & Spirits, for my unfounded, superficial judgment.  You're a great beer, wine, and liquor store.  Better selection than the Decatur Package Store on Clairmont.  No less sketch than Toco Hills Giant Package Store on N Druid Hills Rd.The single-bottle beer, cider, and malt beverages selection is AMAZING.  No more assembling six-packs at Publix for me!  I especially appreciate that most of the bottles are kept in refrigerators, so I don't have to wait until they get cold to drink them.  Seeing personal favs such as Mike's Hard Blood Orange Hard Lemonade and Abita Strawberry Harvest makes me happy, although don't worry, there are IPAs and Belgian beers and stouts and the all rest for folks who like those styles.  What I appreciate most is the plentiful selection of single serving bottles of wine and champagne.   I live by myself and generally have poor impulse control.  I don't need to be polishing full bottles of anything in one night, and if I buy at Publix or Kroger, I'm limited to [yellow tail] champagnes with the resealable cork.  Thanks for helping me to drink responsibly at home, Decatur Wine & Spirits!  My only complaint is that the divided highway makes it a pain to get to the store.  If you're traveling southwest on Lawrenceville Hwy, you're going to need to turn left on Church St, make a uwie somewhere, and then turn right on Lawrenceville Hwy.  If you need to travel southwest back home, as I do, you're going to need to make a uwie on Orion Dr by the QuikTrip to get on the correct side of the road to return homeward.
<review# 588,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2013,4/11/2013,28,210,5,5,6>The Flatiron is full of magic. Seriously, I love this place more than anything in Atlanta. I am probably here at least a couple of times a month. I've even brought my dogs to the outdoor section to hang out. If I were given the task of rebooting the TV show "Friends," I'd have it set here. It's like Central Perk on bath salts. The food is pretty damn good, but what sells this place is the people watching. This place is right in the center of East Atlanta, so you get all the amazing people walking by. Hell, one night a dude dressed up as Mick Jagger came by our table. Note: It takes a while to get your order, so bring your friends for conversation and don't come hungry. Everything else will make you forget about how long it takes to get your order. I bring all of my out of town guests here and they love it.
<review# 589,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2013,4/10/2013,62,121,2,13,7>The wife, our youngest son, and I went to Michon's for dinner Saturday night.  I've been wanting to try this place since they were on Ramsay's Kitchen Nightmares a year or so ago.  I must say that I was very pleased with the food and the decor.  The service issues that others have talked about in their reviews definitely exist, however!  I'm going to borrow my friend, Richard R's, rating style for this one (1-5):Food:Smoked Wings (4.5): Very good. Nice smoked flavor, not salty at all, nice portion sizeFried Okra (4): taking my wife's word for this one. I don't eat it, but she liked itSweet Potato Souffle (4): a touch too sweet, but overall good flavor. reminded me of sweet potato pieRib Tips (4.5): Excellent! Very moist and tender, great flavor. No sauce neededBaked Beans (4): Nice and smokey, slightly sweetPotato Salad (4):  Surprisingly good. perfect amount of seasoning.Chicken fingers (4):  very moist and tender with really good flavorFrench Fries (3):  They were just okay; nothing specialMusic (3):  live DJ playing nice music, but a touch too loudlyService (2):  Brittany was flustered, didn't refill my water without being asked, and expressed that she was frustrated that the kitchen ran out of things. She was slow to check back and seemed to be running all over the place.  I asked if she was new and she said yes, it was her 4th day.  So that explained it.Decor (4):  Very nice looking restaurant.  It's upscale, but not stuffy at all.  Price: $42 for everything listed above. Used the Scoutmob deal, which knocked that down to $21.  After tax and tip, spend $30.  Can't beat that at all!  Verdict:  I'll definitely be back.  The food was good enough to overcome the slow service.  The price without Scoutmob still isn't bad, but as long as it's on there it's really a steal!
<review# 590,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2013,4/9/2013,515,139,3,13,7>Love this new Japanese restaurant with an American modern flair. Came here with my wife and son and we felt like we were treated with royalty.Located inside the Terminus, where MF Buckhead used to be.  The decor was top notch, the vibe was excellent, and ambiance was delightful.  We had their Osaka style tiered sushi which was amazing!  Also tried a sampling of several other of their dishes.  Had a chance to meet their manager Eric and also the owners who were very upstanding individuals.  Amura knows what they are doing, having several years experience and success in Orlando, Florida and I believe their attention to quality and detail as well as service and delicious food shows and make a winning combination.All in all, I'm happy to announce they are an awesome restaurant and I wish them the best of luck in Buckhead and hope they are here to stay!Note : they had a very kid friendly atmosphere and had a kid menu.  So makes the restaurant very family friendly yet upscale enough to feel like a very high quality restaurant and great for dates or to impress clients.  Price points were reasonable.  Look to spend roughly $40 a person.  Park with the valet or park in the deck and they validate parking.Will be back again.  2 thumbs up, way up and 5 solid yelp stars for me.best wishes to them.
<review# 591,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2013,4/8/2013,204,510,8,7,6>Oh yeah we are bumpin' this up to five.I was asked to come back for naanchos on the house by Neal, owner of Naanstop, so I of course did so. He said that thanks to my feedback they will make naanchos at any time but with the warning that it is a special order and will/can take 15 minutes. YAY although I have to say after last time I do kind of like the nice basic rice bowl option.I have to give five stars now because there is a sort of "wow what jerks" trend going on in the past few weeks when I've gone places so I absolutely love that my feedback here helped to change things around. When we can all have a lovely relationship together as business and customers I really like that. An apology is good (if you can get one at all) but a business finding a way to take your critique/praise and work it into what they do is THE BEST.Did I mention ever how really I was going to try different places every week for lunch during my 2 hour break between classes on Tuesdays? Well I suck at it because it's nearly midpoint of the semester and I've been here half the time. And I know I'll be back next week. I at least have the self control not to come on days where a lunch out isn't necessary...for now.Next, to try the lamb.Go forth and naancho.
<review# 592,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2012,4/7/2013,172,868,9,9,10>Five years ago, I was a broke intern on Capitol Hill and found myself googling "cheap haircut, good reviews, DC" which led me to this unique orange and white website with all sorts of information about where I could go for reasonably good results on a minuscule budget.  Fast forward to the present day, and this website (which did lead me to an awesome hair cut, by the way) has become so much more to me.  I was reminded of this at our recent UYE visit to Dante's Down the Hatch.13 yelpers descended on Dante's on a Thursday night, and though we missed out on the chocolate fondue (they only do one a night and it was booked that night), you better believe we paid the extra $7 to sit on the Pirate's Ship.  If you're going to eat fondue in a restaurant known for its crocodiles (or are they alligators?) and its 19th century boat, I'm of the opinion you should take advantage of experiencing those things in the biggest and best way possible.As the host of the UYE, I appreciated that when I called to make the reservation, they immediately offered to do separate checks, and that they still seated us though one member of our party never showed.  Although our one server seemed a bit overwhelmed at times (there were some long wait times between portions of the meal), I thought that overall he did a fantastic job with our group, from fixing testy fondue pot burners, to teaching us how long to cook each item, to suggesting that we split two entree portions of cheese fondue  across the table instead of each ordering our own appetizer portion to save us some money.As for the food itself, it's perfectly fine.  The cheese fondue was probably my favorite part of the meal, but next time I'll request more vegetables and less bread.  I went with the beef for my entree, and though I was a little perturbed when I got just a tiny saucer filled with meat, it ended up being a more than generous portion, and I left feeling comfortably stuffed.  But really, you don't come here for the food.  You come here for the ambiance, for the history, and for Dante himself.  You come for the crocodiles (alligators?), and the opportunity to catch up with old and new friends afforded by the long time it takes to cook your own dinner.  You come to laugh at the seriously ridiculously awful jazz music you're paying $7 to listen to and at the awkward high school couples who all seem to find fondue as the ultimate fancy holiday date. Thanks to yelp for the lead to places like this and for the people to enjoy them with, and to Dante's for a truly enjoyable meal.  Now just to find a time to go back for that hand-stirred-for-eight-hours chocolate fondue....
<review# 593,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2012,4/6/2013,167,170,5,9,6>What I love about this is Mike (I believe that's his name, the owner) who runs the shop is a great guy. Great customer service and just a really friendly guy that you aren't worried about just asking for his opinion without being afraid he's going to push something on you. But my greatest experience is that I brought in a lens to sell off, offered him an asking price, he gave me MORE than what I was asking for. Now did I just get ripped off? Not really. I just wanted to let that lens go without the hassel of eBay or craigslist and for someone to actually give me more than my asking instead of low balling me, this guy gets major points. He claims to be the oldest camera store in Georgia, is it legit? I don't know. I can't think of an independently run camera shop besides one in decatur so that shows how many of them are there. If you're looking for film cameras, this might be a great place to start looking. He has a wide selection of manual lenses and cameras, with additions of newer digital stuff. I'm the new kid on the block in terms of camera gear, but I got to play with my first sight of a hasselblad, which I have always been interested in. As for pricing, the lens prices are about average. Other stuff such as lens caps, umbrella mounts, stands, they all may be able to be found cheaper online but for sure, you lose that customer service experience. One thing I do love is local mom-n-pop shops that are still making it by the old fashion way, good customer service. They're great to me, so I just want to spread the love and help them out when I can for my camera needs.
<review# 594,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2013,4/5/2013,213,662,11,9,9>When I really dig a song/running path/instant Netflix TV show, I fully embrace it and listen to it on repeat 1,000 times/stampede across it until even the bums know when to expect me/watch it to the point of dreaming I throw a dinner party for the characters.The same goes for food, and I am addicted to Get Fruity Cafe's "Now That's Krazy" smoothie - rife with blueberries, blackberries, raspberries and OATS, which give the drink a refreshing earthy flavor. The carrot/apple juice and tuna wrap are good, too.My loyalty punch card is hole-ier than Courtney Love's stockings!
<review# 595,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2013,4/4/2013,89,423,10,16,12>Comedic perfection!! I seriously applaud the owners of VT. I've been a regular patron since 2010, and I'm so impressed that they have stayed grounded and true to their comedic vision while growing the business significantly. Heck, I remember the first Saturday night show I went to. The audience seating was about half-full and the venue was a craphole. But it was THEIR craphole, and it had a certain charm. Then a few weeks later I went to VT and really thought they hit the big time, because they had sold out the show and were turning people away at the door. Fast forward 3 years and 2 other venues, and now VT has their new home at Pencil Factory Lofts. This past Saturday night the lobby area was PACKED. I am so happy for this business!! Congrats to them on making their business plan work. The new, "mature" Village Theatre has a few changes since their early days. They now sell alcohol at the bar ($20/bucket of 6 premium beers, like blue moon or 420, or $12/bucket for domestic). Their stage area is a lot nicer that in previous venues, with a great view from any seat- although be ready to cozy up to your neighbor- good audio, lighting, etc. Great work. Some things stay the same, like their comedy. Despite the fact that the audience demographic has definitely changed over time, they have not changed their style at all. They have no fear of dropping f-bombs, being politically incorrect, and in generally being completely inappropriate. This is raw humor at its best. Those who are easily offended should stay home. In my opinion, though, these guys are ridiculously funny, and I often find myself keeled over multiple times in the show. In fact, I keep a list of my favorite jokes from the show on my iPhone, including:"I'm smart, sensitive, and own a condo in midtown." (The Dating Game)"....have you EVER met a passive tranny?""All these avocados are a-holes." (...later in scene, avocado makes a jump for it.)"I'm glad you're here."..."I don't mean to be weird but...how did you know I was going to be here??" ... "He's here!" ... "WTF. I go get a cup of coffee and I come back and he's HERE?!?" Every joke is a you-had-to-be-there type thing. You can't really repeat it without the context of the rest of the scene, and if you're like me, you can't even remember what built up to the point of say, the avocado making a run for it. It's a great way to make memories with friends and escape the realities of life for a while. In their normal improv shows they always ask for suggestions, and they repeat some typical games like doing dialects (the best ones aren't really dialects... I love "Call of Duty", "Monster Truck Show", and "Real Housewives"). They occasionally ask for volunteers but never force anyone into it, so don't worry about sitting in the front row. I have a great evening every time I come to VT. I feel like the actors are friends of mine now in the same creepy way that you feel like talk radio hosts are. I always know it's going to be a great night if Chris Clabo, Dr. Frank, or Justin are up on stage.  I have LOTS of other favorites too (I miss Prop though. Haven't seen him in a while!!), and would honestly come to VT every weekend if my friends would let me. Highly recommend you check it out!!
<review# 596,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2013,4/3/2013,61,43,3,11,4>The Argosy is the most beautiful bar I've ever been in. I went by last night for a couple of drinks and spent most of my time taking in the decor. They have no problem running with experimental drink ideas - I threw one at the bartender and he didn't bat an eye.The arcade area isn't finished yet, but they have a fantastic beer (draft and bottle) selection.I would recommend this place for gatherings, romantic evenings, and for nights out to hang with friends.Only four stars because I haven't had a chance to try their food.
<review# 597,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2013,4/2/2013,13,59,10,14,10>Pho Lanxang takes the place of Taqueria Don Juan (RIP) and adds to the growing list of Southeast Asian restaurants and businesses on Jonesboro road.  I keep telling people there's a little 'Baby Buford Hwy' going on down here...  Pho Lanxang offers Vietnamese and Thai dishes but honestly you can get those kinds of things at a lot of places. In my case it was the traditional Laotian offerings that held the most charm.  I went with two classics: Papaya Salad and  Larb (beef in this case). The papaya salad was a large plate of fresh shaved papaya with tomato in a slightly sweet chile vinegar sauce. You can order the dish Mild, Medium, and Hot (which is what I went for). Holy crap! They DO NOT mess around at Pho Lanxang. I've been an avid pepper head for more than 20 years and don't back down from much but this was some of the hottest food I have ever had anywhere. Three bites and my eyes were watering and I felt like Wile E Coyote with steam shooting out of his ears after the Roadrunner slipped him a firecracker. Great flavor but you've been warned. No, really. The Larb Seen I also ordered Hot and it was almost like a nice break from the pyrotechnic salad. The beef Larb was a cool, fragrant, mix of chopped beef and bible tripe (the menu doesn't mention the tripe) with peanut and herbs. The entrees are served with sticky rice ( a Laotian staple) and the easiest as well as customary way to eat it is with your hands. You can make patties from it, ball it up and run it through the sauces, whatever you like. Pho Lanxang is owned by a Laotian family who are wonderfully sweet and a dumb gringo like myself is thankful for their perfect English because it makes understanding their food and culture that much easier.4 stars for the fresh and delicious food as well as for the chile pepper smackdown that put me back in my place.A fifth star for wonderful people and business owners whom I truly hope succeed. I think they will.Check it out!
<review# 598,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2012,4/1/2013,36,160,2,10,6>Proof & Provision (or P&P) is my new go-to hang out spot. P&P had a quiet grand opening in the early summer. There was no fanfare, no huge sign, no Scoutmob deal. One day, there was just a new old fashioned street lamp put up on the side of The Georgian Terrace Hotel. I walked by this inconspicuous lamp numerous times before realizing that a new restaurant had opened up inside The Georgian Terrace Hotel. Access to the restaurant is available through the hotel or by Ponce De Leon Avenue, but it's easy to miss so look for the P&P lamp. At first glance, the menu might seem like standard bar fare (snacks and booze), but it's so much more than that. The menu is actually quite creative and interesting. I've been there a few times now. I've tried the English Breakfast sandwich, the Prime Rib sandwich, the grilled cheese, and the chicken liver mousse. Yeah, I'm trying to become a regular here...The English Breakfast sandwich is an English crumpet as the bun, black pudding, and a fried egg. The crumpet was toasted, providing a nice textural contrast to the gooey egg and soft black pudding. There was also a slice of tomato to add sweetness to balance out the saltiness of the black pudding. Overall, it was an extremely well thought out sandwich. The Prime Rib sandwich is their take on a philly cheesesteak. I think what really made the dish were the chopped peppers on top. I also tried the Such Sweet Breath cocktail, which I enjoyed. I don't know much about booze except that I hate the taste of it -- this cocktail was refreshing and light. I also love their 22 oz. bottles of cider for only $10. So why has P&P become my new go-to place? Beyond their interesting menu, their portions are reasonably sized and at good price points (almost everything is less than $10). The ambience is fantastic. While The Georgian Terrace Hotel might usually have an upscale vibe, P&P is casual, understated, hip, and has great music: all the makings of a great local watering hole.
<review# 599,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2013,3/31/2013,37,141,2,6,4>Like Arnold Schwarzenegger in the Terminator, "I'll be back."  Without a doubt.We had the Scoutmob coupon but didn't adhere to the recommendations to make reservations.  We'd spent the day hiking and were living on the edge, popping by to see if there was room for us to squeeze in.  The hostess apologized that there would be a short wait of maybe 20 minutes, which was fine by us, and pointed us in the direction of the comfy couches.  And boy, were they comfy!  We hadn't been seated more than 10 minutes when she came by to tell us our table was ready.The restaurant was a little noisy, but that's just because it was packed.  People clearly enjoy this place.  There are lots of cute decorations and candle holders--the kind of place that just screams "Pinterest" when you walk in the door, but in a good way.  Which is rare.    Once at our table, our waitress came by and took our coupon and explained thoroughly what we'd get.  Two glasses of wine, a shared appetizer, two salads, two entrees, a shared dessert.  I was dying for the Lazy Magnolia nut brown, but chose a glass of sparkling wine instead, which was good.  He had a glass of the pinot noir, which was stellar.  Here's the breakdown of our meal:Appetizer:  Hot coconut braised mussels-  Basically mussels and sourdough bread floating in the most amazing coconut broth...  This was one of those times that we took a bite, then stared at each other with wide eyes, as it was so above and beyond our expectations. Salads:  arugula, shaved fennel, humboldt fog, cider vinagrette-  We throughly enjoyed the salad, the dressing was awesome, but I thought that my humboldt fog may have actually been just a plain jane blue cheese.  We had humboldt fog last week and it was a bit different than what was on my salad.  Then again, every batch of cheese is a tad different, I suppose.Entrees:  I had the wild mushroom ravioli.  It was beyond amazing...  The pasta was tender, the filling flavorful, the broccoli rapini had the perfect bite, and it was so well seasoned that I never touched the salt and pepper.  In fact, we never touched them the whole meal.  He had the pepper-seared beef tenderloin, which he raved about incessantly, even long after the meal.  "Love the way they crusted the peppers on the outside," he says.  "Good beef!"  Dessert:  Our ears perked at the creme brulee on the menu, but when I heard it was melon flavored, I suddenly had doubts.  We went for it anyhow, and it was so perfect...the top was sweet and perfectly torched, the inside cool and creamy.  The slightest hint of melon.  So good.  Overall, there were a couple tiny things that weren't perfect:  the bathroom had no paper towels, so we wiped our hands on our jeans.  The sauce that came with the beef tenderloin was so good, he wished he'd had enough to put on his fries as well, or that there was a ketchup or barbecue sauce that paired with it--we probably could've asked, but we were busy devouring.  Seriously though, these were tiny details in an evening that just blew us away.  Sun in my Belly, you are on my list.  My good list, that is.  I hope Santa was good to you.  See you soon, I hope!
<review# 600,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/7/2013,3/30/2013,56,131,2,4,5>I am a fan.  I bumped in to this restaurant on Yelp and was amazed at the reviews!  So I had to go for lunch today.Sadly, I could only gorge on one dish because my stomach is only so large...but the other reviews and my lunch experience make me want to go back.  I ordered my mainstay Indian dish - Tikka Masala.  The sauce was softer yet still flavorful compared to the standard Indian fare.  I asked for it extra spicy.  It came spicy, with a new spice/heat I haven't had before so I enjoyed that.  The potatoes/spinach was really good - down home cooking.  I also liked the red 'salsa' sauce that came with my plate.  I put it on everything.  I didn't care for the cold potato dish but that was just me.  It had great flavor but whatever spice it had in it (tangy) I am not a fan of.  But others would probably like it just fine.One fix I hope they make is to make the atmosphere in this large dining space more cozy.  The decorations are nice.  The layout though feels vast, sparse and awkward.  There was no background noise/music so perhaps some Indian/Nepalese inspired music would help to fill the space in.  But during lunch, with the lighting, it felt a little cold.I will be back!  And I will bring my earphones with my own soundtrack just in case.  A worthy addition to beloved Desta which is in the same shopping center (now I will have to balance visits between the two).
<review# 601,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2013,3/29/2013,48,80,1,11,12>I've strayed away from reviewing Antico Pizza because in my opinion it's beating a dead horse. Yes. This place has amazing pizza. Yes. This place does it pretty authentically. Yes. It is horrifically busy so don't be expected to be treated like Caesar. Surprisingly enough this place is really easy to pass by. It's a small restaurant with very limited seating but that doesn't deter many of the customers. The kitchen and dining are pretty much one large room where you can watch your pizza being made. It doesn't take longer than 5 or 10 minutes from the pizza to go from ticket to table. It's a pretty simple process.The reason that I'm writing this review is because Antico does something that I honestly think more restaurants should invest in; good, high, quality, local, food without the flair. Antico, to me, is a good restaurant primarily because it cuts the fancy bullshit and gets down to the real part of going out to eat, the food. The dining "cafeteria" is lined with tables and benches so you're most likely to sit at a table with complete stranger. There are no plates, no service, you're ticket number is called out, your pizza comes before you in a giant silver serving platter and some wax paper and off you go. It serves some of the best quality food I've ever had (and from my long extensive foodie history, I've had a lot) but without the twisted ideology that to have this type of food it requires a black tie and monocle. It's pricey, I'll give you that... but their crust doesn't need to be stuffed with cheese, or drowned in butter garlic dipping sauce, their crust is delicious. Their cheeses are creamy, stringy, expensive and used sparingly, the meats are cured to a heavenly oblivion and spiced to perfection, their produce and herbs are fresh and not lost in tons of tomato sauce. The pizza works in the simplest of manners and that is the best thing about this place. $20 will get you a full sized pizza of the best quality and that is a price, even as a college student, I'm willing to pay.
<review# 602,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2012,3/28/2013,86,149,,8,6>While this might not be a chic and sleek French restaurant like the ones you might find in Midtown, it is an endearing family place with great service and delicious food. Don't be fooled by the comical combination of imitation french and tacky American decor - this place serves up a darn good meal!I came here for dinner on Black Friday with my friend and her family. Before we arrived, they warned me that it's not flashy and the patrons are a bit older, but it is simply one of those restaurants that has become a family tradition.Unassumingly tucked into the Toco Hills shopping center, I never would have sought this place out on my own accord. I was excited to try out a true family place and experience the charm of its tradition.Taking in my surroundings, my first reaction was that it is just precious. White table cloths, doily-style white curtains, old wooden benches, servers in slick ties and black vests...inflatable turkeys, stuffed little scarecrows, fake orange leaves (they really get into the holiday spirit). My favorite part was the expansive mural on the large wall of the restaurant with a lovely scene depicting the French countryside. I also couldn't help but notice that most of the patrons were in the senior citizen age range. Let's just say that by 8:15pm, the entire restaurant had completely cleared out.Being regulars, my friend's family had their usual waiter - a delightful older gentleman named Sammy - who took great care of us. He made sure that water and wine glasses were always filled, and he was polite and charming. I was kind of disappointed to learn that I missed out on the piano player who used to entertain the customers on a regular basis. Apparently he has moved on to bigger and better things, and been replaced by a soft soundtrack of jazzy seasonal tunes.I have to admit -- for being such a hole-in-the-wall type of place, they have an absolutely delicious menu of classic French dishes. I opted for the Coquille (sea scallops) and asked for extra veggies. It came on a crisp white plate with a tower of asparagus and looked like a true piece of art. On top of that, the scallops were some of the best that I have had in a long time. They were plump and juicy and flavorful, and they harmoniously paired with the seasoned asparagus, broccoli, and tomato. Yum! After my meal, I was too stuffed for dessert. But my fellow diners ordered some beautiful selections including chocolate mousse and bread pudding. All came in dainty little dishes and were, according to the tasters, positively decadent.I don't think that I would come back to this place with my friends or without a family of regulars, but I am very glad that I had the opportunity to step outside of my normal scene and check out this darling Atlanta tradition.
<review# 603,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2013,3/27/2013,61,159,,6,5>I was pleasantly surprised with the food here. I took advantage of their lunch special. Every day until 2 pm (at least), you can purchase any sandwich, a fries or salad, and a soft drink for $10.50. I thought that was a little pricey, then I saw the sandwich portion. It was almost too much meat, almost. I had the chicken gyro. The pita was packed full of well seasoned chicken, onion, lettuce, and a very tasty tzatziki. The fries were nice and crispy. The fountain drink was, well, a fountain drink. Based solely on the taste and value of the chicken gyro, I would say that Agora is worth another visit. It's a bit annoying that the online menu doesn't include prices. For this reason, I'll be stingy with the elusive 5th star. Agora is a wonderful addition to the low key Midtown food scene though. Downstairs there is limited seating. They have a dining room upstairs as well. The service was prompt and the staff friendly. Perhaps they consider getting a liquor license one of these days....
<review# 604,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/16/2012,3/26/2013,216,468,15,9,8>I have a friend who is pretty much the pickiest eater on the planet:1) No meat on bones2) No tomatoes3) No cilantro4) No onion5) Anything adventurous or "gourmet" -- forget itWhen this friend and I have dinner together, 9 times out of 10 it's for his favorite food which is Mexican fare (minus the tomatoes, cilantro, and onion, of course). For that 10th time, he's generally good with Italian. So since he was burned out on Mexican food (understandable, given the fact that he's basically a live-in at his go-to Mexi place), we decided on Italian one recent evening and found ourselves on the patio at Campagnolo on a beautiful Fall evening. After ordering a bottle of malbec to share and reading over the menu of very interesting sounding dishes (and me being curious as to what my friend would order, given his proclivities), I decided to not hold back:Arugula salad with fresh shaved parmesan and roasted pine nuts to start. Delicious -- I loved every bite, but I'm a fan of the sharp flavor of arugula. For my entree, the Pork shank with mashed potatoes. This was perfect, fall-off-the-bone delicious and the potatoes were rich and flavorful. So good. I also ordered a half plate of their gnocchi, prepared with pickled red onion and capers. For me, this was the only loser of the evening. Far too overpowering of flavors -- the picked onions dominated the dish and I could taste nothing but them with each bite. Disappointing. With the write-off on the gnocci, but the excellent salad and pork shank, a nice bottle of wine and attentive service, Campagnolo earned a solid 4 stars from me for my meal.As for my friend, as expected he steered clear of anything adventurous and went for the classic Italian stand-by: he loved his lasagna.
<review# 605,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2013,3/25/2013,1772,1772,13,35,18>Canoe is one of the best restaurants in Atlanta because it's got great food, great atmosphere, and great service.  There aren't many places in town where you can dine on the banks of the Chattahoochee River.  Sure, there's Ray's, but Canoe is much nicer.  It's classier, more elegant dining, and the river and gardens outside really set it apart.  Whether you sit inside or out, the view is beautiful.  Needless to say, this is a great date or special occasion venue (or if you just want a nice brunch too).The restaurant was flooded in September 2009 from torrential rainfall.  Since then, the restaurant has been completely gutted and renovated from the inside-out.  Markings on the brick wall inside show just how high the water level rose during the flood's peak.  The ceiling was designed to look like the inside of a canoe.  Interior seating near the windows, including oversized semicircular booths, all face the garden and river.  Seating on the patio outside is just as nice as it is inside.  Ceiling fans keep you cool.  On certain nights, there's live music on the patio.You can take a leisurely stroll through the garden outside before or after your meal.  The garden has several wooden benches and chairs for you to relax and enjoy the scenery.  Hidden behind one of the outdoor private party tents is Canoe's herb and vegetable garden.  A lot of people don't know about this.  It has an outdoor fireplace and additional seating.  If you're facing the river from the restaurant, just follow the small path left.Canoe's menu changes four times a year.  Ingredients-wise, the produce is organic and grown locally (some on the aforementioned on-site garden) and the proteins are high quality.  They feature some small game.  It's quality over quantity here with about a half-dozen appetizers (around $10-15 each) and a dozen entrees (around $15 to $35 each).  All the menu items look great and there seems to be something for everyone.  However, If you still can't find anything you like, the chef may be able to cook something up on-the-fly to your liking.  Ask your server.I came here for a pleasant Sunday evening dinner and enjoyed the following:Appetizers:Marinated Golden and Red Beet Salad with whipped Vermont's goat cheese, candied walnuts, and basil oilBaby Arugula Salad with spiced nuts, shaved Parmesan, and poppy seed vinaigretteEntrees:Slow Roasted Carolina Rabbit with Swiss Chard - bacon ravioli, sweet potato hash, and candied garlic sauceSage Roasted Pheasant with brown butter whipped sweet potato, crispy pheasant croquette, and natural jusDessert:Chocolate Grotto with salted caramel and pretzel dustEverything was delicious and each of the dishes had splendid presentation.A selection of breads, hard and soft, was offered by our server.  The best one was a flatbread that was prepared with a pepper rub.  A little bit spicy.The Beet Salad resembled tartare: a layer of chopped golden beets on top, red beets in the middle, and a base of goat cheese.  The candied walnuts were hidden inside the cheese adding additional texture and flavor.  This creation was topped with a sprout and the plate drizzled with natural beet juices and green basil oil.The Arugula Salad was a good mix of greens, nuts, and cheese.  The arugula was used as the base with the cheese placed in the middle and topped with nuts, raisins, berries, and seeds.  The cheese's hard outer shell was left intact.  Soft middle.The Carolina Rabbit was very good.  It's been on Canoe's menu for 14 years.  I was expecting a lot of bones, but the cut Canoe uses yields only one or two.  The rabbit meat came apart easily with fork and knife.  It somewhat resembled chicken, but leaner and a bit more "stringy."  Good flavor.  I love leafy greens and the chard was magnificent.  The best part, though, was probably the pieces of bacon ravioli on the bottom.  They were amazing.  Canoe should make a side order just of the ravioli.The Pheasant was nice because they prepared the bird in two ways: (1) white meat fillet pre-sliced on top of greens and sweet potato and (2) dark meat turned into croquettes.  The spherical croquettes had crispy layer on the outside that covered up steaming, shredded, tender pieces of pheasant on the inside.  It was good stuff.  Buttered sweet potato had pretty much been pureed to a super fine consistency.  Very smooth.The Chocolate Grotto was named as such because a mound of chocolate encased melted caramel.  Once I broke open the hard chocolate shell, the salted caramel just came pouring out onto my plate like a small volcano had erupted.  The grotto was incredibly rich and tasted just as decadent as it looked.Kevin T. was our server and he did a magnificent job.  He was polite, friendly, and knowledgeable about the menu.  He also offered to go out of his way to help us take photos in the garden afterwards.Canoe is located on Paces Ferry Road near the Lovett School and Tyler Perry's house.  Complimentary valet parking.
<review# 606,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2013,3/24/2013,172,244,5,5,4>Oh my... the food is amaze balls here.But, let's start at the top.We went in the back entrance of the parking lot, we are neighborhood people, we know where it is.  We were confronted by the valet... he asked us to "help him out, you know, tips are all he gets"  It was awkward.The Hostess found our reservation, then we stood there watching her squint for 5 minutes... for some reason.  not sure what it was, she did not communicate with us at all.  Again, it was awkward.  I wanted to leave.But then the manager came over and, I didn't see it, but somehow, he gave her a kick in the ass, cause everything started moving after that - thank you manager guy!We were seated, given menus and water.Oh the menu... I want everything on the menu... and the drinks menu and the desert menu.But, what I had had was:Sunchoke soup with scallop ceviche... holy noms Batman.  Sweet and creamy and then the scallop is tart and tangy and the chile oil is spicy and the balance is perfect.I had the tilefish special... it was so good... Meyer lemon something and deliciousness.we had a sorbet trio and they were sweet and tart and tasted fresh and like the fruit they were based on.I had the beekeepers vengeance and the other shore as my drinks and I crave them now, at 1120 in the morning.I will be back.#4/365#4/100
<review# 607,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/6/2012,3/23/2013,322,320,6,8,7>After a recent visit, my faith has been restored. Huzzah.Arriving downtown after a long drive OTP, my partner suggested Papi's. I inwardly groaned because the past year at Papi's has been on the slow decline on the service side, slow, and inconsistent food portions. However, I did want some ropa vieja and Materva.. so I agreed, and I couldn't go to mangos back to back. Upon arrival, the place was packed. It was Sunday afternoon so I assume there was a lot of people getting out of church. They said to "Seat yourself", and after about 5-10 minutes a table opened up and we snagged it like hawks while there were still dirty dishes. Our waitress/ server was an aunt-y like lady, she was really nice and sassy and prompt. My favorite drink is the Yerba mate soda/ materva. It tastes like cream soda/ champagne cola/ crisp apple cola. I could drink 6 of these in a day. There were a lot of tables with kids around us. They are accommodating with high chairs and have good options for kids menus. Even tho some fo those fries just get thrown on the floor. We usually never deviate from the specials on the menu. I've had the sandwiches a few times, I thought they were good, but I'm no expert on Cuban sandwiches. We had ropa vieja and steak palomilla. Our food came out surprisingly fast! Our meat sizes were portioned well and this made me happy. The steak I had previously was paper thin, but this was a little thicker, and very delicious. I love the variety in the meal (salad, rice, beans, plantains, bread). I also like how they have all the sauces: vinaigrette, oil, cholula, and mojo sauce all on the tables. I walked away stuffed and happy. I don't know what has prompted these positive changes, but I'm so glad it happened, as Papi's is one of my favorite restaurants.
<review# 608,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2012,3/22/2013,108,232,7,5,7>I drive by this place nearly every day after work but I've never been compelled to stop in because of the Pepsi signs prominently displayed.  Who wants to wash down a meal with that swill?  Not I, said the fly.  After reading some reviews I decided to go ahead and try the place, but I armed myself with a can of Coke and headed over for lunch.First thing to note: they serve both Coke and Pepsi fountain drinks. *huge sigh of relief*Now for the food...it was good.  I really liked Nicky's.  It was small, but there was plety of parking.  We got there just before the lunch rush.  I was happy to see a good crowd of people there.  The staff was super friendly.I tried a lobster slider and just like everyone else mentioned, the Lobster Lord looks just like he stepped out of a Gorton's Fish Stick box.  The lobster roll was just okay.  I've never actually had one, so I have nothing to compare it to.  But it was chocked full of lobster on a buttery roll.  I'm assuming that's what we are expecting?I also tried the perch and french fries.  Both were good.  There was a table full of condiments so I grabbed some hot sauce and went to work on my food.  I was pleasantly suprised by the hush puppies.  Although small, they were little balls of sweet deliciousness.  I could have eaten a bowl full.  And I might just do that the next time.  There will be a next time.  Fried seafood (or however you want it prepared), reasonable prices and close to the job?  Yep, I will definitely be back!
<review# 609,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2012,3/21/2013,169,86,11,8,4>Ok...really I should deduct a star for how Yum's is in the hood, but I've been going here for at least...idk... 8 yrs so my allegiance won't allow me to do so.I love Yum's.  Such a hidden gem...diamond in the rough (emphasis on the rough).  All sorts of people come for the good food.Now me personally, I come strictly for the philly cheesesteaks or the whole fried chicken wings.  Mmmm...I'm hungry.  Great value, tons of meat on the phillys, and just...yummy goodness.Yums also has your staple chinese food (fried rice varieties, sweet and sour, beef and broccoli, etc).....and before you think to yourself "uhhh, no thanks...I like my chinese food made by asians..." HALT!  The shop is run by asians.  They know what they're doing. =)  They just happen to also know what they're doing when it comes to phillys, fried chicken, fried fish, etc...Disclaimer....if approached by umm...someone in need, or someone who tries to get u to buy a dvd/cd/etc....don't freak out.  Just keep it moving...they're used to rejection.  Oh yea...I always recommend ordering to go! =)
<review# 610,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/25/2012,3/20/2013,57,162,3,9,8>I'm going to give 4 stars because I'm a nice girl and I think this a welcome addition to the occasionally sleazy Crescent Ave area. Which I say lovingly. For starters, the shared valet next to Lure is very nice for this block as everything else is pay parking. I valeted and walked right around the corner. The front patio space is really nice...although with the construction across the street there isn't much to see, but the fresh air is great nonetheless. The interior upstairs is nice, modern and clean. Plenty of TVs spaced around which makes me plenty to happy. Downstairs is another cool loungy space and I'm happy to see this as a new sports bar option for me. The service is very friendly and personable. The problem I had on my first(two) visits is that they have no drink menu. I see a full bar and from a distance can guess the draft selection (because I'm a skilled and educated drinker)...but can you write it down please? I was assured they're working on it and I definitely dig the atmosphere so I'll be back to check up on it :-)
<review# 611,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2013,3/19/2013,40,147,4,16,7>I have one question for you-- can I live here? I love the decor, I love the food, so really all I need is a hammock in the corner and I'm set to GO! I was pleased as pani to walk in for the grand opening lunch at the Decatur location. I've heard a lot about the restaurant from all my friends who live in/have visited Asheville and it definitely lived up to the hype. Word to the wise: the order/check out process isn't what it seems at first, but is really quite brilliant. I wasn't sure what to expect so I went ahead and tipped high, and I recommend that you do the same! So, without further ado-- the rundown.1. Enter the building. It's hard to eat there if you don't go in. Just sayin'. 2. Grab a menu from the host stand and try to decide what you want to eat. I'm not a picky person, but there are some menus that certain items don't look ah-mazing. At Chai Pani, I'm pretty sure I could just put my finger on anything on the menu and I would be perfectly happy. For today's experience, we got the Sloppy Jai (think lamb sloppy joe, but awesome) and a chicken burger I didn't write the name down for and now can't find on the online menu... 3. Order with the iPad guy, pay with the cash register guy. Pick up your table number and head to the bar.4. If you've ordered something other than water to drink, the bar will have it ready for you! The sweet tea isn't teeth meltingly sweet, but it'll definitely do. Water is self serve. You also pick up your utensils here.5. Have a seat, wait a few minutes, then enjoy!Now, this sounds somewhat run of the mill, but the reason I suggest you tip on your bill up front is that the staff is phenomenal! Usually at these types of places you would think everything is kind of self-serve, but the staff was very attentive, refilled waters and tea on the spot, cleared everything away the second we were done with it, and were just all around friendly! When my husband declined a refill on his water, the probably manager (guessing by attire) took his glass away so that we wouldn't get pestered by every server who walked past the table-- I honestly can't say I've ever had anyone do that before.The food was amazing, I wanted to just eat all of it in one sitting. Even though it wasn't super spicy, there was a bit of background heat that warmed you up a bit. The flavors were deep and complex, and grew with every bite we took. Portions wise, we weren't impressed at first (it looked small on the plate) but once we were finished we discovered that yes indeed, it was the perfect amount of food that had been perfectly cooked! I went ahead and picked up the okra straws on the side and there must have been a pound of okra on that plate-- we both nibbled on them and I really enjoyed the tangy flavor and the balance of soft and crispy. My husband got a side salad with his burgers that was fresh, delicious, and came with a very yummy dressing that tasted quite citrusy. Before we left, we had the chance to meet Molly (one of the owners) and talk to her for a minute. I love that they started this business in the midst of a recession and figured out what they had to do to make it work without sacrificing quality. She said that Indian food as we know it in the States has become either a fine dining niche or a dive restaurant you don't want to sit down in, but Indian food in India is affordable, fast, and fulfilling. The biggest expense they carry is buying locally grown food and high quality meat (you'll notice the chicken on the menu is all Ashley Farms) because they wanted to make their money in volume, not by putting an unattainable price on each plate.I really can't recommend this place enough, and I can't wait to go back and try... EVERYTHING ELSE on the menu!
<review# 612,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/13/2012,3/18/2013,19,850,,6,7>Wonderful service, great menu, good cocktails, easy garage parking.  I think for our table, we tried about 6 different cocktails, and a couple of wines as well.  We also ordered an array of dishes: many of the sides and starters that included the Mac & cheese (made with orecchiette, which held the thick, smoky cheese sauce very well), braised greens, tasty spiced fries with herbed mayonnaise.  We also tried the tasty lamb and mushroom pierogi  (wish there were more or bigger pierogi), and a sausage pizza.Cocktails were pretty good...the ones I ordered had ginger though they were not very strong.  They did have St George's terroir gin...definitely +1 for that.Best parts were the casual comfy atmosphere with lots of wood and of course, a drafting table, and the attentive and friendly service (the server had a sixth sense on when we needed more drinks, or needed to order more food).  Food prices aren't listed online: starters and small plates varied depending on ingredients (Mac & cheese was less than mussels), pizza was between $10-15, entrees averaged between $15-20, cocktails and wine were probably around $10.
<review# 613,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2013,3/17/2013,8,63,6,6,9>I have been to Twist before, and thought it was good. Today, it was amazing.We went for lunch after a trip to Lego Land. Two adults and two kids. My four-year-old requested a hot dog immediately upon sitting, which I assumed a place like Twist wouldn't have (by "place like": upscale local chain, not likely to lower itself to catering to children). Well, not only did they have hot dogs, but a kids' menu ten items deep. Our waiter was SO nice, even bringing the kids free ice cream cones along with a side of rainbow sprinkles--100% unsolicited.  My uncle and I both really enjoyed our food too. Great fries that got favorably compared by myself and the ten-year-old to the best fries in the world (McDonald's). Tasty house salad with ginger and shaved beets, juicy hanger steak, and fabulous turkey sandwich simply oozing flavor with avocado, special sauce (this time blowing the eponymous McDonald's stuff out of the water), melted cheese, etc.I can't emphasize enough that what made this so special, and five-star-worthy, was the service. Wonderfully, unexpectedly friendly and personal. What started as a trip of convenience has now become a place I would venture to on purpose. Bravo!
<review# 614,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2012,3/16/2013,219,102,,10,4>Still the best climbing gym in Georgia. Wall to wall climbing courses ranging from 5.6 to 5.12. There are also plenty of lead climbing courses for you true adrenaline junkies. The bouldering is also fantastic here where you can oogle at people lifting their own body weight. They also have a speed climbing wall. Upstairs there's a full gym and a smaller-scale climbing course for the kids or beginners.Rates have changed to being $18 for a full day pass that includes shoes, harness and optional helmet rental for an adult. $15 if you have your own gear. Word of advice, your shoes should be almost uncomfortable snug, but not cutting off your circulation. It gives you better traction and control on the wall.  They offer student, family,  and personnel (military, teacher, or rescuer personnel) rates. They also have punch cards available that works out to be less than a one day pass and will include rentals. They also have a store adjacent to the gym that sells gear for you to check out. Occasionally, they'll have sales so definitely check that out if you're in the market to get some new shoes, harness, etc.
<review# 615,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2013,3/15/2013,276,267,2,7,4>I came here for the first time last Friday.    I had heard that this joint is the reigning Japanese establishment inside the perimeter now that MF has decomposed.     The restaurant is on the bottom floor of the Ritz Carleton Residences (one bedrooms start in the $430k range there) so I knew it should be pretty swanky.   I had read the reviews and had heard about how the chef had worked at Nobu.   I've been to a number of the mega style joints such as Megu, the original Nobu, Ono, and Morimoto.    Those in the know know that at a place like Nobu it is more known for their culinary creations as opposed to their sushi.      Looking at the menu of Tomo I suspect the same kind of experience here.  We opted for the sampler menu which offered a nice variety of starters, dishes, sushi and entrees.    The Black Cod Boston, much like as Nobu's Black Miso Cod, was my favorite here.     Where as Nobu does more of a distinct miso flavor, Tomo has a more subtle flavor but does a nice mix of textures layering it with roasted garlic and bib lettuce.  In every stage of the sampling menu presentation was paramount.    The Lamb Chop with Sansho was very good but the seasoning was more subdued than perhaps I would have liked.  The sushi sampler was a nice mix of basic rolls and simple parts of sushi.   To indulge ourselves we ordered the fresh wasabi root and I cried a few times!The deserts were playful and colorful.    I added a few pictures to yelp.   The drinks were good and offered a nice variety.   The Manager Cliff explained that they take pride in a find a very wide variety of selections.  I tried an Asahi Amber lager, and later at the waitresses suggestion a Doghead Midus Touch Golden Elixir.      This was like nothing else I have ever had.  Literally as the manager put it 1/2 Mead, 1/2 Chardonnay.   Distinct, strong and good.      Martinis and cocktails run $10.00 here.   I did a quick preview of the wine list and it covers ground on all ends.  I saw a $30 Malbec bottle which actually is much better than you would normally see in that range.  I also noted that they had Jordan Cab for $95.00 a bottle.  I often use Jordan (over or under $100) as a good gage to the mark up of a wine list.In any case, yes it is spendy given the small portions here.   But that said, it actually is not that bad when compared to other upscale Japanese or Asian fare.    It is a nice place, and the sampler menu is a good way to try a number of things and enjoy an extended meal.   I am sure i will be back again sometime soon.
<review# 616,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2013,3/14/2013,37,70,6,9,6>I am so in love with Dekalb Farmers Market. I mean, does it REALLY deserve a perfect rating? REALLY REALLY? Maybe not. It's crowded all the time, and not the prettiest of places. But I just can't help but sing its praises from the rooftops.All of the produce seems to be a third of the price as you'll get at Kroger or Publix. 3 bananas for $.71? A lemon for $.29? A ginormous bag of bean sprouts for less than $.30? I must be in heaven. Of big note is the tofu in the back: $1.50 for a block of tofu that normally costs $3 at a standard grocery store.The price issue comes in the meat and dairy, which tend to run a little more expensive than a standard chain. But the meats are typically cage-free, grass-fed types, so you feel a little better about buying them. Plus, with all you're saving on produce, rice, and spices, it's worth it.The breads are all made there and they are AMAZING. You're not saving any money by buying those, but they are delicious. And while you're in that section, pick up a delectable, bite-sized dessert, freshly made. OMG.I went there last weekend and bought an unbelievable amount of produce (bananas, greens, herbs, potatoes, tomatoes, avocado, citrus, zucchini, just to name a few), a half slab of pork ribs, a pork shoulder, a split chicken breast, 1 pound of shrimp, 2 crab legs, rice, 3 blocks of tofu, 3 kinds of bread, and a TON more for $112. I would have paid at least $50 more at Kroger (in my estimation). Plus, I supported a local business. So a tip of a hat to myself, who least deserves it, and a tip of a hat to the incredible YDFM (who deserves it most of all).
<review# 617,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/27/2012,3/13/2013,36,76,6,9,5>Yay! I love watching Edgewood come up with more cool places, and this bar is a great little addition to one of my favorite strips in town.Treat it like a bar, not a restaurant, and you'll be happy.  The drink prices are fair, the bartenders are really nice, attentive, and they know their stuff. In terms of eating, the place is really too small and too full of machines to comfortable accomodate more than a small party that wants a sit-down meal.  The Koolaid pork thing I had was kind of mediocre, but at least the bar has some interesting food options.  Things to know, don't necessarily expect easy parking...If you don't like parallel parking, too bad, you may have to anyway.  And bring your cash!!  If you're playing with a gaming partner, your quarter stash can run out quickly.  Nobody likes being out of quarters.
<review# 618,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2013,3/12/2013,187,323,8,8,7>Once upon a time when I lived on this side of town this was a place that I enjoyed going to on on occasion when the appetite was huge and the waistline could afford it. Years later I've moved away and to another side of town, so this is a once in awhile treat sometimes you miss it and other times your glad you live no where near it.Choices for toppings will be offered to you. Keep it simple, my advice leave it the people who know what their doing, how much cheese, mushrooms, peppers & onions etc.should be added it has been figured out, its has been done for years.  There is enough cheese to bind this sandwich together while enjoying it and feeling a bit guilty at the same time. You may ask for "Extra cheese," if you are asking for a "Heart problem," maybe "Hang over food," or eating something  satisfying that will put you in that "I want to take a nap when I'm done." mood. The bread here is good it will soak up all of the juices (or a little grease at times) if it doesn't napkins will.The basics are offered here and limited seating. Be careful when choosing your hours to visit lunch can be a bit busy and the late afternoons traffic can be brutal. On your way home What do you want to do, you can just stay in traffic or pull in, get out and order ?!  Unwrap this thing pronto after taking a couple of bites, sit back look at that sandwich still steaming in your hands as the cheese melts then take another bite of only the first half.  Relax, put your elbows on the table, grab a napkin and smile while licking your fingers and saying I'm so %@ happy right now then take another bite !
<review# 619,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2012,3/11/2013,13,97,19,10,4>I am a hater of long nails (on myself, anyway), and a destroyer of manicures (because, you know, I need my hands for doing things). For these reasons, I rarely get them. A friend insisted I try gel polish, and during some down time last week, I got one here.It's now been over a week--a week in which I have scrubbed many pots and pans using steel wool, cooked an enormous party's worth of food, peeled labels off of countless items, and otherwise been incredibly hard on my nails--and there are just a few little areas of wear at their business edges. Any other manicure would've been long gone by now, but this is some kind of bionic shit. I've never experienced anything like it.I also had a non-gel pedicure immediately before the manicure. It was very pleasant. My skinny jeans prevented me from getting the full-on leg massage everyone raves about, but the foot massage was pretty bitchin'. Additionally, the massage chair kind of rocked my world. (One of its features is a nub that sneaks up and rubs your tailbone. I thought it might get me pregnant. Will update the review if that happens.)Neither the manicurist nor the pedicurist cut my cuticles, which I appreciated, and were gracious and polite. The manicure cost $29, and the pedicure cost $20. As someone who rarely looks even a little bit like a girl who might behave herself well enough to keep polish on her fingers beyond 24 hours, this is a bargain for me. I'm a new regular.
<review# 620,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/10/2012,3/10/2013,81,97,4,7,5>The food is AMAZING!Came here with the bf today (Saturday) around 11ish and we were able to get a table outside with no wait.  Score.Ordered our food and it came out fast and fresh.  Here's the rundown:-Madea's Buttermilk Waffle-  There are tons of fancy and fun toppings like chunky applesauce and ice cream.  We ordered the original with the Bourbon Pecan Sauce and it was DELICIOUS!  Next time we will order the pecan waffle instead of plain because the syrup itself was SO GOOD!  My bf kept remarking about how "bourbon-y in a good way" the pecan sauce was, if that makes sense.  Just go with it...-Shrimp Hash- See picture.  Nice sized chunks of potato browned with onion and shrimp added in-  I'm not a shrimp eater, but this was yummy and not fishy  (the bf's favorite)-As You Like It Omelette-  We chose portabello mushrooms, baby spinach, poblano pepper, sausage, Swiss cheese and Asiago Parmesan blend- there were more fun toppings like leeks, butternut squash, tomato, ham and bacon, but we chose our ingredients based on the bf's picky eating preferences. I'm a great girlfriend.  teehee.   It was great- cooked the way a good omelette should be- slowly on low heat, not browned, not bone dry, not greasy,  and the fresh  ingredients were folded in and cooked together.  The sausage was yummy and the portion was generous.  It also came with wheat toast and a unique tasting champagne apple jelly.-The Grits Bar-  (Quick observation- the name is misleading- We expected to actually "make" our own grits, which would have been fun and kitschy!.  You know- like a Bloody Mary Bar or a Salad Bar, right? But you just order what you want and they add it in themselves.  boo.)  Anyhoo-  the grits were AMAZING!!!!  I usually don't like grits simply because most people don't know how to make them properly.  These grits were just perfect-  Not too heavy or gelatinous, not too sticky, not runny...  They were just perfect.  Hot and fluffy and ready to be eaten!  I chose tomato gravy (hard to describe, but just try it.) and a zesty homemade pimento cheese.  And the cup portion was more like a bowl, so we had plenty to eat.All that food for only $21 !   I debated on reviewing Hilda's because we want to keep it "our little secret," but Christmas is around the corner *****Hi, Santa*****  and sharing the good news is the right thing to do (just as long as they don't run out of those grits!)
<review# 621,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2012,3/9/2013,102,68,16,13,11>This place also goes by the name Mariscos El Veneno / Estilo Nayarit. Nayarit style is like Gangnam style, but instead of pretending to ride a horse you eat seafood with many different chiles. Everyone gets a fresh-tasting ceviche or shrimp tostada on arrival.  Empanadas are crispy. The crab caldo is a soupy delight. Our server recommended the stuffed filet, and it was packed with perfectly cooked octopus, shrimp, and crab. Eating some of the homemade habanero salsa is like being smacked in the face with a chancleta (in a good way). There are several more sauces on the table; I'd recommend the Huichol, which is typical to the area (Nayar Mesa) and tastes robust and vinegary.This is the best service I've ever had on Buford Highway. I got three wet naps, two mints, and four servers by my table during my last visit. In spite of (or maybe because of?) the drop ceilings, blaring telenovelas, and giant Saint Francis of Assisi statue, I think Marisqueria would make the ideal date spot. Next time you're at Taco Veloz and want to crank up the fancy, head next door.
<review# 622,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2012,3/8/2013,193,304,5,5,6>This is my favorite local brew pub.  It has one of the most unique of environment, being situated in the renovated basement of the historical Kriegshaber House.  There is a small patio, and recently the beer garden opened in the adjacent shed, with TVs, making for a total outfit that's pretty sizable and versatile.  At any given time about 8 of their beers are available on tap, with about 3~4 spots reserved for favorites, such as Jemmy Stout and Victor IPA, while the rest for experiments, limited batches, or seasonals.  The exploring spirit is strong: at this point I've probably had 25 different beers at Wrecking Bar.  That's a lot of unique batches!.  Barrel aging and cask ales are also ever-experimented.  I am always happy to start my visit with a beer flight to get a taste of the new and exciting beers I am sure to see.  I think they really excel at sessionable, fresh-tasting styles that are miles above what you typically think of as refreshing beers in terms of flavor.  The ESB and light Scottish ales are good examples.  Wrecking Bar has got to be the brew pub that gives the longest descriptions about their beers--you get not one or two sentences but a whole story for each beer, which includes not just the flavor profiles but also how the idea came to be and possibly some historical/whimsical references.  I love this.  Bourbon selection is kick-ass, 50+ and many small batch ones.  Mixed drinks are surprisingly well crafted even though this is not a serious cocktail bar.  They particularly excel at, again, refreshing takes on classics--try the summery coolers or Champagne-based ones which I think is called French 75.  The food menu is mostly solid, but not terribly exciting.  I think Leon's food menu is not terribly exciting already, and this is just a little plainer than that, so I am not generally crazy about eating here unless I know a particular dish I want and like.  I used to think the roast chicken was one of the best in Atlanta.  It was tender, juicy, full of flavor.  But I haven't had it since the chef change that happened recently.  My friend Ryan F. went and had it recently and said it was sub par.  So I am not too sure about the food and it's a big reason why I am not giving 5 stars.  Usually find myself here on a whim in late weekend afternoons.  Particularly like how the sun light is let in and how it's not busy.  An interesting observation: the person that does the chalk drawings on the black boards is amazingly talented!Update 5/11/2014:  Changed from 4 to 5.  Food has been excellent in recent visits.
<review# 623,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2013,3/7/2013,315,451,2,6,5>I ordered my sister-in-law's birthday cake from here, due to what I remembered about the sweet potato cupcake I sampled at the Taste of Atlanta 2012 (quite possibly the best cupcake that I have had). Since SIL loves my tres leches cake and I didn't have time to make one for her, I thought I would give Sugar Shack's Cuarto Leches cake a go (I called ahead and was assured that Metrotainment makes the cakes for pick-up at Sugar Shack, to my relief).When I arrived to SS, the cake was ready, just as promised. The box was an attractive, sturdy cardboard box. It had the Metrotainment Bakery logo on the top and when the guy at the registered opened it for me to check out how they wrote out the message, I was thoroughly impressed by the clean and beautiful frosting and writing. The cake was really cute, as I ordered the 6" one, but it was tall so I knew a slice would be satisfying. Before paying for the cake, I decided to grab some of the sweet potato cupcakes for my sisters and me and coconut macaroons for my bf.The cupcake was just as I remembered and it was fabulously soft and not too sweet, both the cake component and the icing. Later that evening, bf tried the macaroons and loved them. I even nibbled one and I may claim that these are the best coconut macaroons that I have tried also.The only thing keeping my rating being the highest possible is the Cuarto Leches. Not a bad cake, especially if you compare it to a grocery store one. But the expectations that I had after trying their amazing sweet potato cupcake were not met in this cake. The frosting was good, made with Kahlua, but it was not anything like the brown sugar cream frosting that sits atop the sweet potato cupcake. It was too rich and sweet. The cake was really where I was disappointed though. It wasn't wet like a tres leches cake. I could tell that it was slightly brushed with the leches mixture, but it was not soaked. This may be for the cake's own standing integrity, so it does not arrive to its destination a big milky mess... But I just recently tried a tres leches birthday cake from a Mexican bakery that was soaked in the milk mixture and was still torted and beautifully frosted. So I hope the baking geniuses at Metrotainment can figure out a way to infuse more milk into the cake, because the way they want to interpret the classic tres leches is gold.
<review# 624,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2012,3/6/2013,158,115,4,8,7>This is the kind of place I want to come back to until I've tried the entire menu. Everything sounds amazing! Whoever wrote the descriptions for their menu is a wizard with words. It's located in the same building as the Deloitte building, which I believe is also adjacent to the Ritz Carlton. We sat on the indoor patio (?), a great spot for people watching during lunchtime. We started with the guac (obviously good) and the watermelon salad (very refreshing, surprisingly spicy). I got Corvina Sea Bass Mole Amarillo as my entree and it was great. The tacos also looked amazing. I would love to come back and try the desserts. Great service and ambience. There was discussion of whether the indoor trees next to the patio were real or not, so we had to go touch them.
<review# 625,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2012,3/5/2013,80,44,8,8,7>I'm am absolute whore for sarcastic, dry humor. I effing LOVED THIS PLACE! Thanks to Sidney E. and it's advertisement under the Events page, we ventured over to Midtown on Saturday night for the "place across from Jimmy John's."  Once we found it, we parked out back, and scurried inside.  We were greeted warmly by the door girl who let us know admission was "cash only".  There's an ATM downstairs.  She threatened to stab us if we returned without $20 and was gushing over my newest handbag.  (It's a bright orange Prada Saffiano that I wish I could trade for lifetime entry to Relapse.)We were a few minutes late, and it didn't seem to matter, so we stopped by their bar for a shot of Jack and a Yuengling.  ONLY $10.00! We walked through the door to a dark room with stage lights.  The host was warming the crowd up. One of the employees graciously pulled a few extra chairs for us.  We sat, and within 5 minutes, the giggles began to flow.  I loved AUTOMATIC.  They were sharp, fresh, and witty.  Upon the end of their set, we were informed that we could grab food in the area, and come back for another group's Improv set!  WOW...A 2 for 1, in Atlanta?!  We basked in our freebie, and went across the street for Moe's BBQ.  (This was really good.  I had the ribs.  My friend hated the BBQ sauce, because it's mustard-based.) We ventured back into the theater and grabbed our original seats for 2Girls3Eyes. I loved them just as much.  I loved their awkward sexual humor. lol My friend became a small part of one of the acts and made the crowd laugh with an unexpected sexual joke.  It was fun.  The night rolled along it was 12:30.  I'd had 2 shots of Jack, and we were told that there was yet another act! Considering we'd be there since 8, we decided to sneak out.  (With the exception of the Hispanic Guy in 2Girls3Eyes who doubles as the lighting/tech manager for the group, I enjoyed every moment.  He made lots of "off-color" remarks that were a little too far, even in this liberal setting. I found myself puzzled whenever he was part of a scene. My friend agreed. He just wasn't as good as his counterparts.  Maybe he's new...Oh well.)This is a new weekend staple.  A true gem in Atlanta!  It's not stuffy, pretentious, or showy.  It's the perfect anecdote for boredom, depression, or general frustration with the typical Atlanta scene. It was a well-ochestrated orgy for an inner humor whore.  We'll be coming back, again and again and again!
<review# 626,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2013,3/4/2013,112,91,,20,9>I tried out this spot for the first time based on a recommendation from a fellow co-worker.  This location use to be J.R. Crickets sports bar and grill and recently changed the name and ownership. It was initially closed for a while for renovations.  It's located right behind the CVS Pharmacy at the corner of Campcreek Parkway and Campbellton Road in Southwest Atlanta.The outside looks very basic considering its located inside of a fairly small shopping plaza and when you walk in the restaurant it is pretty much the same result.  The restaurant serves buffet style and accepts orders to go or you can be seated.  They have a pretty large dining area and very nice waitresses.  As soon as I walked in, someone greeted me and told me the specials for the day.  I was allowed time to walk the buffet line completely before making my selections without pressure.  It's seems like a great place to have lunch or dinner, especially since they are open 7 days a week and have long hours.They had a very good selection to choose from and each meal comes with a drink.  They also bake and serve various flavors of cheesecakes and regular cakes.  The german chocolate cheesecake is DELICIOUS!!!!  I tried the pepper steak with collard greens and macaroni & cheese with a regular lemonade for $6.99.  The pepper steak was seasoned well and the macaroni and cheese was absolutely in the top 10 BEST EVER category, but the collard greens had a little too much vinegar and I could tell that they were from the bag and not hand picked because I had more stems than greens.  The decor could use a little more thought and maybe a female's touch.  It had the basic shelves on the wall with different food and can goods posted as decorations.  Overall, I like the restaurant and I think it has potential.  I will definitely be a returning customer!
<review# 627,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2012,3/3/2013,354,392,10,7,5>This review brought to you by a Yankee born vegan raised on Dunkin'.So, my severe allergies had me laid up in the house all weekend, but today my hankering for doughnuts went crazy, and with Revolution being two miles from my house (so quoteth Yelp) I decided to check them out.  I checked their Facebook (they update a lot) and it looked like they should have at least one vegan doughnut.  I was wrong.  They had, I believe, NINE different vegan doughnuts, garghldrool.  So far I've managed to scarf the yeast doughnuts with blueberry, raspberry, and dark chocolate glaze.  They tasted naughty-  greasy, sugary, fluffy, and delicious.  I have a few more left in the box to try once my Diabeetus calms down.  But in the meantime, I'm giving a hearty thumbs up to them for making my vegan doughnut dream a reality in Atlanta.  My pants do not thank you.
<review# 628,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/28/2012,3/2/2013,245,301,17,9,7>This is the strangest feature of Piedmont Park. If you have ever wondered what that shiny little metal building is, it's an air conditioned, completely automated  robot bathroom. When I discovered this I thought  "Of course, a robot bathroom!"I most frequently stop here when I'm out running, but sometimes will just shout "ROBOT BATHROOM" at the people outside as I zoom by to show my support.There are ups and downs. Sometimes the floor will be wet (!) or someone will have left something weird inside. The mirror has sort of a matte finish that makes it hard to see.Often times, people take their sweet time soaking in the robot bathroom. I know I sure do, which causes short lines to take a long time. Don't worry though, it will all be ok as soon as that automated Star Wars door closes behind you.
<review# 629,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2013,3/1/2013,162,93,2,7,5>best tacos I've had so far in the 4 months i've been in Atlanta. Being Mex and from Cali, i'd say that counts for something! - GREAT corn tortillas. They might make them here, they taste that good/fresh. -sweet specials every day. great value! - super friendly service, every time.  These may not be theee most authentic tacos around but they're the yummiest, at least for now! They DO have lengua though. that's legit right there.
<review# 630,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2013,2/28/2013,47,125,8,9,7>Honey Bubble's grand opening was today, and I was lucky enough to be its first customer! I am a bit jealous that Tom E was able to attend their soft opening and beat me to the first review. Nonetheless, I had a wonderful experience there. I first heard this place through Scoutmob when it picked Honey Bubble as the top 10 restaurants to try in Atlanta for the 2013 year. SInce Scoutmob didn't mention when it would be open, I called Honey Bubble and spoke with the manager/co-owner Lynn who said they would be open as of Thursday 1/17/2013 and their hours of operation are 10am-10pm. I came here this morning since it's only located 5 minutes from my place in ATL and is the first bubble tea place in midtown. When you first walk in, the people who work there shout "ni hao!"  which is unlike any other bubble place I have been to. You walk up to the bar where you choice your flavor of bubble tea, and their signature drink is a honey bubble tea which is beyond delicious. In the span of 15 minutes that I was there, I managed to drink two of them! They have many other tea flavors to choose from, and they serve baked goods as well as organic coffee and lattes. The ambiance is sleek and modern; we ran into the owner Doug who explained his and Lynn's visionary behind Honey Bubble, and these two are the types of people that pay attention to the tiniest details so everything in there has a purpose. Those are my kind of people. I always believe (and yes I'm going on a bit of a mini rant here) that when you are perfectionists like these two, there's no way that your business won't thrive and your goods aren't deliciously yummy even if we're going over the fiscal cliff & stocks are tanking & the world is supposed to have ended (according to the Mayans) because everything is held to a higher standard and as Doug said (and I paraphrase a little), "we only believe in serving the highest quality." I really can't say enough good things about this place; Scoutmob did justice in picking this as top 10 restaurants and places to try. Trust me, you'll be hooked once you give this place a try. Plus, its right across the street from the Cleremont lounge; who doesn't want a lap dance from a 45 year old woman with your favorite bubble tea drink in hand?
<review# 631,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2012,2/27/2013,137,430,2,7,3>I just got back from a farewell lunch for a co-worker.  We were a party of 16.  Making the reservation was super easy and we were seated in a long table in one of the private rooms on the right.  Everyone in our group remarked how nice it was to have a room to ourselves and how fantastic the decor is in the pub.Our waiter was an absolute gem.  We told him off the bat we would like separate checks and he simply smiled and said, "No problem."  He was quick with beverages, food orders, and refills.  Food came out together and every order was correct - down to the extra sour cream, dressings on the side, and no cheese on the veggie sandwich!  A group of 16 is tricky to get every order right, but Olde Blind Dog had it down pat.  Such amazing service!Best of all, everyone in the group remarked on how wonderful their food was.  My cottage salad and chili were absolutely delicious (and a perfect lunch portion size).  The menu was varied enough that everyone in our group - the picky eaters and vegetarians - happily found something to eat.Our waiter was just as quick with the bills - every bill was correct and the included service charge was happily paid by all for the pleasant experience.  When the bills came back, he even brought extra pens so no one had to fight over one pen.  Olde Blind Dog seriously thought of it all.Other folks in our group complimented the friendly hostess.  :)As someone who frequently dines out in large groups, I must give Olde Blind Dog a A+ grade on knowing how to treat a large group of folks at lunch.  I would strongly recommend going to Olde Blind Dog for your next large group!
<review# 632,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2013,2/26/2013,117,675,3,12,5>This BBQ joint exceeded my expectations. I dined with Tom E., and we both enjoyed our dinner.I started with a bourbon sampler: 3 small shots of premium bourbon (Bullitt, Jailers, Larceny), for $12, and it was a great way to taste new bourbons.For dinner, I ordered the menage de trois (3 meat sampler) though the waiter did advise me that two meats would suffice.  He was right.   I came hungry, and couldn't finish my menage de trois (3 meat sampler).  I took the lone rib and two thick slices of brisket home, and enjoyed it two days later.The ribs were dry rubbed, and very flavorful with a slight cajun bite.  Very delicious, with a slight char.  The brisket order was moist and 4 large thick slices (perhaps 1/2 lb.).  Excellent quality, with a little bit of fat that was easily trimmed off.  Again, delicious.The two sides I ordered: jalapeno mac n cheese, and the cole slaw were both uninspiring, and I would not order again.  I'd probably opt for the beans, or some greens.As I was so full, I couldn't even think about dessert.I look forward to returning.
<review# 633,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2012,2/25/2013,17,150,4,8,7>My new favorite restaurant in Atlanta and my go to place now! I don't think I have ever enjoyed dinner this much before! I love how this restaurant is not a trendy place and is more old money. It's a classic, traditional fancy restaurant, which I found really refreshing because of all the trendy places we go to eat that focus more on ambiance and usually have bad food. La Grotta had a coat check place too which reminds me of the fancy restaurants I used to eat at when I was little lol. It's been around since the 70s and is located in the basement of a older apt complex which I thought was cool because it's tucked away. Service: The waiter was amazing. He's worked there for 18 years and was really funny and does his job so well.  He made the dining experience even more enjoyable  with his funny jokes and we were impressed. Everyone there was really nice and the entire restaurant had charm. Food: Started off with an organic spinach salad, pretty basic but was good.  My husband ordered red pepper cream soup for appetizer and it was yum. For entree I ordered veal picccatta scaloppine which was not on the menu but they made it for me.  I judge italian restaurants by my signature dish, veal picatta, and let me just say that this veal picatta was one of the best veals I've ever had in my life! And I have even had veal picatta in Italy! It melted like butter in my mouth, sooooo tender and flavorful. I just wish there was a little more veal, like 2 more slices!  I ordered a side of pasta with Fradiavola sauce and it was actually spicy which I LOVE!   Husband ordered the salmon which he enjoyed. For dessert we topped it off with hazlenut chocolate mousse cake which is another staple for me lol. It was not as moist as I hoped, but it was still delish with the side of cream. This was a true fine dining experience and one of the best dinners I've had. I had so much fun and enjoyed every moment!
<review# 634,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2013,2/24/2013,147,81,3,7,5>There are many Pho restaurants to go in Atlanta and I have been to a few of them. I have to say that Pho Dai Loi 2 takes the crown. My date and I came here on a Monday evening and I was surprised to see that it was crowded with patrons. We were greeted at the entrance and quickly shown to our table.  For the appetizer, we had the Goi Cuon, # 3 on the Appetizer list. It came with two freshly steamed spring rolls that had shrimps, pork and lettuce in them. A delicious dipping hoisin sauce mixed with peanut butter and chopped nuts came with it($2.75). Yum! For the entree, my date had the Pho Ga, # 22 on the noodle soup list. The noodle soup was very flavorful and delicious. He had the medium sized bowl ($7). The noodle soup had many chunky chicken meat in a savory chicken broth that was flavored perfectly and not greasy at all. A plate of bean sprouts, basil, coriander, jalapenos and limes came with any of the Pho soups. It added a zest of freshness to the soup. My date definitely loved it. I took a spoonful of it and I totally agreed.As for my own entree, I had Bun Ga Nuong, # 31 on the Bun Vermicelli list. The bowl of vermicelli came with grilled chicken that are deliciously flavored with lemon grass ($7.50). It was a generous portion of meat. It also had slices of carrots, spring onions and chopped peanuts. If you have any peanut allergies, you can tell your server to have them removed. A small bowl of sauce came with it. Just be careful not to pour the entire sauce in your vemicelli bowl because it had a little spicy kick to it. The light sweet and sour sauce did add lots of flavor to this dish. It was meant to be eaten as a cold dish and was very different from the pipping hot Pho. I had no problem eating most of it by myself before I shared the rest of my bowl with my date. For dessert, I ordered the Durian Shake. Trust me, it was just out of this world! I enjoyed it so much. My date had his Vietnamese coffee. The ground coffee came in a metal container filled with hot water that slowly strained and dripped into the cup. At the bottom of the cup are some condensed milk which you have to stir before drinking. Just delicious! It was worth the wait and I can tell by the smile on his face after the first sip of coffee. Satisfaction to the max! yelp.com/biz_photos/pho-Everything we tried was so good. Our server came to check on our drinks twice though I do not expect too much service from any Asian restaurants. We are so glad that we came here for Vietnamese food and we will surely be back. Yelp 37/365
<review# 635,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2013,2/23/2013,149,218,3,5,4>Woo-hoo!  This has become my favorite guilty pleasure on the weekends.Great family run atmosphere and the service is ALWAYS awesome. The food is fresh and comforting.They have various sandwiches and homemade sides with specials that change daily.  Some of the best sweet potato fries in town!  The burger is huge and also one of the best in the metro.  There is a blue plate special that changes daily as well as some side dishes.  Everything I've had here has been really goodThey have a variety of old school sodas and great iced tea.  Very kid friendly as well, but its never bugged me, it just seems natural and makes me smile because they seem to have fun here.If you don't like this place, then you need to re-examine your outlook on life.  Bravo guys, well done.
<review# 636,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2013,2/22/2013,214,189,5,7,6>We're still seeing the basics of the skeleton come together, but the Eastside trail shows the appealing promise of the Beltline project. Running from the Irwin Street Market to Piedmont Park and populated with parks, art, and puppies (!!), the trail cuts through Old Fourth Ward to Midtown without a single traffic light/crosswalk to obstruct your progress. You'll wind your way behind various businesses and lofts and condos, offering a rather unique behind-the-scenes perspective on the Atlanta neighborhoods. There are a few spots where you might encounter a bit of a pedestrian/bicyclist traffic jam, but for the most part the trail has ample space for all the people using it.The trail-head at Irwin Street is in dire need of a crosswalk/light given the increased foot and bike traffic using the newly-created path, but the trail itself is wonderful.
<review# 637,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2012,2/21/2013,234,141,7,8,9>Once upon a beautiful Sunday afternoon, with a not so beautiful hangover, my partner and I set out for the perfect Sunday lunch. I always remember Beautiful having the best collard greens and banana pudding this city of ours has to offer. I am so happy to let everyone know that this is still true to this very day. The fried chicken - PERFECT. Collards - PERFECT Sweet tea - PERFECT. And the best damn banana pudding this side of the Chattahoochee. That special Sunday was just a reminder of how Beautiful Atlanta can really be...
<review# 638,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/12/2012,2/20/2013,98,509,17,8,6>Have I strangled myself with my infinity scarf and gone to hipster heaven? Yes, I think I have. My favorite part about this place is that the servers never smile and no matter what they say it sounds like "blah blah blah whatever".Though I come for the knitted hats, one speed bicycles, and irony, I stay for the $4 sandwiches and cheap drinks. The mile high club I had was small, but good enough with a side of orzo for a real meal. $7.50? Heck yes.The sandwich was a mini panini looking club with all the normal items that go into a club. I would definitely get it again, but the orzo didn't do it for me. The chips they serve with all sandwiches also rock. I don't know if they're house made, but they are wonderful. My date had the cuban sandwich and did not let me have one bite of it even though we agreed earlier in the meal I could. Next time I'm getting that in writing. The side of ramen she got was cold and spicy and made me want to cheat on my orzo.Now it will be  toss-up between this place and The Porter for my go-to before Variety dinner.
<review# 639,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2012,2/19/2013,70,58,16,8,6>Sweethut - No country for diabetics.If you or your family have even a trace of diabetics I strongly urge you to stay the eff away from this place. The Sweet Hut kitchen works very hard to make sure it lives upto the 'sweet' part of it's name.As for the other part, this is probably the least hut-like of all the Asian bakeries that dot Buford highway like sprinkles on a doughnut. Fom the Purple, Orange and Brown decor to the recessed magenta lighting and the clean, clean premises, the place screams East-Asian-Hipster. It sticks out on Buford highway like Singapore does in South East Asia : clean, orderly and just a tad too sanitized.It's the sort of place where the appearence of a K/J-pop band that will suddenly jump on the large pastry display and gyrate their little hello-kitties while tossing coconut-swirl buns into the crowd would be taken perfectly in stride.Speaking of J/K-pop, most of the wait staff are young enough and cute enough to form their own singing, dancing all girl group. They are friendly enough and most of them speak enough English for me to get an intelligible answer when I ask for something that doesn't have caffeine at 10 p.m.As a frequent visitor to the supposed home of pastries and dough based foods, I am sometime disappointed in the lack of savory fillings in the baked delicacies served up in Austria and Germany. Sure, I like marzipan and fruits and other nut-based fillings baked into a buttery, flaky crust as much as the next guy but why can't I also get some curry chicken or pork playing hide and seek in a golden brown container as well?The Sweet Hut is happy to indulge my deviant pastry desires. Just like the best bakeries in the motherland, they carry a variety of savory pastries. While I have yet to sample every one, I am particularly fond of the tuna buns and the curry chicken pastries. While I would happily pay another dollar to have a little more filling stuffed in there, at the extremely reasonably price of around two bucks a pop, I can't really complain. True to form even the savory pastries are encapsulated in a sweet (think Hawaian roll) outer layer but the sweet & savory combination is delicious and works well.The raisin on top of the taro cake is the fact that most of my Yelp buddies are as addicted to this place as I am. Any given night after 9 p.m. you are guaranteed one or more Yelper sightings. They are the ones commandeering one of the larger tables and making a ruckus like a flock of cockatoos.The WiFi is fast and reliable. Good for work or play. Ask your cashier for the password.Drawbacks are few. I'm actually not a huge fan of their sweet pastries but that's probably because I don't have a big sweet tooth. I like the Thai Ice tea and the Taro and that's about it. The drinks are better than others I've tried on Buford highway and they are of higher quality here.Parking is a big hot mess. People will park any damn way they like and generally follow the Asian rules: if your skinny 85 pound ass can squeeze through the door and the other car, assume anyone else can as well. Also assume that everyone else is going to be there for at least 4 hours and block them from getting out. If you own a nice car, don't park right in front ... find a secluded spot in the back of the parking lot and walk the few yards. Your car will thank you even if you won't be able to impress the pre-pubescent high schoolers getting high on tapioca balls and fast WiFi. Many of the patrons drive like old Asian ladies. This is probably because they are.
<review# 640,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2013,2/18/2013,37,113,6,9,11>fried green tomatoes = super crunchy + thick slabs of tomato + tangy horseradish sauce + bar none best i've ever hadthis place has completely won my heart over. it feels more like going to eat at grandma's house than at a restaurant. that is if my grandma were born and raised in georgia, an AMAZING home cook... and a white hippy. maybe it's the no muss, no fuss atmosphere, or the quirky local art for sale, or the thrift store in the back, or the elderly xylophone player that makes me feel all warm and fuzzy inside. i could very honestly eat here every day as if it were my own dinner table. now if i could just bring myself to eat something other than the biscuits and gravy and fried green tomatoes...
<review# 641,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2013,2/17/2013,157,447,4,6,6>The Iberian Pig has everything I want in a restaurant -- stellar service, expertly mixed cocktails, fabulous gluten free food, and great ambience. Grab a seat at the bar and if you're lucky, bartender extraordinaire Drew will take care of you all evening.Wanting to try something different, I asked Drew to mix up something for me, and he chose to make The Last Word, a pre-prohibition era cocktail comprised of gin, chartreuse, luxardo and lime. Boozy yet refreshing, this is definitely a sipping drink. If you're looking for something lighter, The Iberian Pig also offers a wide variety of wines and sherries by the glass. I enjoyed the Manzanilla sherry with my oven roasted olives. Favorites from the charcuteria and cheese board include the Paleta Iberico de Bellota, Jamon Iberico, and Cana de Oveja, a sheep's milk semi-soft cheese from Spain. Yes, the cured meats are pricey, but the paleta is definitely worth it.While I couldn't sample the flatbreads, the pork belly, or the bacon wrapped dates due to my food allergy, it didn't matter. The pulpo a la parilla - grilled octopus - was divine. I also enjoyed the Chard & Egg, although by the time this was served I was getting full. Which was too bad, because The Iberian Pig has four GF desserts! Next time...
<review# 642,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2012,2/16/2013,240,558,1,7,6>I met one of my very good friends (who I haven't seen enough of lately) here last night for an in-between-holidays-dinner.When I first walked in, I was surprised how far back the entrance to the actual restaurant was set from the doorway - but down a long hall and up a short flight of stairs and I'd stepped into a cute little Thai and sushi joint with warm, inviting decor with a slightly (ok pretty heavily) tropical feel to it.There wasn't hardly another soul in sight, though it was 6:45 on a Tuesday so it wasn't surprising.  The waitress came over to take drink orders and then we had a look at the menu.After a few minutes, we decided: a bowl of wonton soup and beef pad prik pao for me (medium spicy), and a bowl of chicken coconut soup and chicken pineapple fried rice for him.  The soup bowls that came out were larger than I expected for a starter option but they were good!  The wontons were soft and very full of pork and chicken (not all dough like some) and the broth was tasty and hot.  I finished it without trouble.Our entrees were good as well: my pad pao prik came with stir fried beef, onions, baby corn, carrots, mushrooms and bell peppers and scoop of white rice on the side, all sitting in the spicy sauce (it was a touch spicy for my tastes, but I ate the whole thing anyway).  I also got to try a bite of my friend's pineapple fried rice chicken and it was very tasty too - the portion of it was huge as well (so much fried rice goodness) that he ended up taking a doggy bag home.Service was not the fastest all evening (surprising since by the time we left a couple of hours later there was one other couple and a group of about 6 who were dining as well), but that was actually fine since we had a lot of catching up to do.Our waitress was friendly, kept our glasses filled and was prompt when we did finally ask for the check.  All in all, I liked Thai 5 and at some point in the future, I'd like to go back and try some of their sushi.
<review# 643,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/14/2012,2/15/2013,145,240,4,9,8>The chef's counter is the best kept secret in Atlanta fine dining. It's also the best deal. A five course meal with all of the freshest ingredients and inspired preparations for $50. It's like dinner and show and the kitchen staff (including Drew Belline) will interact with you at the appropriate times.Pro-tip for the not so heavy drinker - you can split half glasses of wine for course pairings.
<review# 644,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2013,2/14/2013,147,260,7,6,7>I like to consider myself an arts & crafts kind of girl. I've always enjoyed DIY projects and over the years, I've gained invaluable knowledge through trial-and-error. Like that time I tried to glue M&Ms on to a poster board using hot glue (and how I burned my finger as the hot glue melted the M&Ms).. yeah.. don't ask why.Despite my enthusiasm for trying something new and keep trying until it works, brow was something I never ventured into since I'm sure as many of you will agree, "brows" and "trial-and-error" are two words that should never be in the same sentence together. However, everything was fine since I had already found my perfect esthetician. I thought it was happily ever after until sometime last year, my world came tumbling down because my brow girl went MIA. I've been seeing the same esthetician for more than five years! So the endless search began and it resembled the story of Goldilocks - Brow place A would be too expensive, while Brow Place B would be too far, etc.I'm happy to announce that my search is over - thanks to Wax. I see Misty for my brows and I cannot recommend her enough. She's super friendly and very personable - so no awkward conversations (always a plus). I've seen her numerous times now and I always walk out happy. The service costs are also very reasonable.If you are currently searching for a regular brow place, then look no further. Make an appointment with Misty and I assure you, you won't regret it.
<review# 645,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2013,2/13/2013,777,438,6,10,9>I really enjoy going to this park. It is scenic at every glance and a is great addition to the neighborhood. I have not had any issues with parking. Dancing Goats Coffee shop is just a walk across the street. There is an AWESOME opossum playground for children in the back. If I were 5 years old again, I would be psyched! Just sayin. I personally like to stroll along the walkway and pause to gaze at the pond and the cattails. It's also fun to watch hipsters hone their photography skills or little ones skedaddle away from my boyfriend. There is a field large enough to play kickball or catch. There is also a nice large step lawn to have a scenic picnic or whatever might delight your heart.
<review# 646,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2012,2/12/2013,663,210,5,13,9>These people know their coffee. On my first visit here, I was given a long schpeeeeel about their coffee-making process. I then asked if I could video-record them doing it (because I had friends back home who love and live for coffee and would be interested in seeing methods of making good coffee), and they happily consented. The video is over 5 minutes long....when it takes that long to make a coffee, you should suspect that it is good quality coffee. Besides the fact that it takes long to make it, the coffee really is delicious, but it is very rich. If you normally drink Folgers or Starbucks, your tastebuds may be coffee-shocked, and you may have to train them to understand that this is good coffee-shocked, not bad coffee-shocked. For me, it's still a bit bold and I have to tone it down with quite a bit of cream.While there are plenty of outlets and free wi-fi, a) there is limited seating b) it gets very crowded very fast because of the ebb and flow of Emory students c) wi-fi can be spotty d) it's loud. Really loud.
<review# 647,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/15/2012,2/11/2013,17,122,7,6,4>Yes, go into the old garage looking dungeon. Why did they remove the rails above? Anywho, I always leave drunk, pooped from dancing around, and shoes unrecognizable. Fun place to go. You'll find all types of characters here. You'll find people dry humping in the corner here, nearly passed out drunk by the entrance here, disgusting bathrooms here (bring GermX)... you get the drift. There's def a new scene that has taken over MJQ... at many times... I kind of do miss the old days here. Always a good time, never a dull moment, great for people watching ..
<review# 648,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/31/2012,2/10/2013,296,419,3,10,4>Ever dine at a restaurant because of the name of it? That was the case for me when I drove past Wahoo. "Interesting name....does it have good food?"And the answer is yes.Wahoo is located in Decatur. It is a cute, cozy space with a nice patio in the back. It has great ambiance so it is a good date place. The restaurant is focused on organic ingredients which I love. Their cuisine has a Southern flair to it. I ordered a few dishes. They had a fix menu for $19 of appetizers, salad, and entree. Which I ordered calamari, regular house salad, and salmon with mashed potatoes. Calamari was cooked just right and the salmon was done well. I also ordered the beet salad with shrimp and I liked it a lot.On top of the good food, I was taken care of. They do have good service here.
<review# 649,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/3/2012,2/9/2013,789,691,4,14,4>Pork Shank, Fried Chicken, Dessert. My expectations were high when I learned the chef of Southern Art is Art Smith who was Oprah's personal chef for 10 years. He also made President Obama's birthday cake this past year. Well they exceeded my expectations - at least for lunch and dinner; breakfast was just ok. Thanks to Scoutmob for the introduction - I came back five times :) FYI - if you use Scoutmob, they automatically add 18% gratuity to your bill.COMPLIMENTARY BISCUITS AND PICKLED VEGETABLESFor breakfast, lunch, and dinner -- we were served very yummy rosemary cheese biscuits w/ sugar cane butter, and a nice size jar of assorted pickled vegetables. I loved the sweet and pickled combination of flavors. ****************************************DINNER"ECO-FRIENDLY FOODS, VA" HAM - $6Not the most exciting name for our ham selection but since Southern Art is known for the ham bar, we decided to try one of the hams :) This ham was one of our server recommendations, and it's slow-cured, aged 18 months, and menu says "slightly sweety & porky." Honestly my only takeaway was "very salty." I'll skip the ham next time."ECO-FRIENDLY FARMS" PORK SHANK - $25Server highly recommended this dish - I looked around and I could see several tables with the same recognizable monster-size meat :) Dish also comes w/ ham-braised greens, bourbon jus. This dish just wow'd me over - I'm a huge sweet & salty fan, and this dish was that. I loved the crispy outside too. Presentation-wise, not all that pretty - but what can you do w/ pork shank? Taste-wise, phenomenal. Portion was huge - I had enough leftovers for a 2nd meal.SAUTEED GROUPER - $32My friend was on the Paleo diet so she picked the most healthy dish on the menu -- which was also our server's #1 recommended dish. Served w/ a salad of grilled peaches & lady peas (which I got to enjoy since my Paleo friend could not - I loved it!), grilled okra (charred so it had a burnt taste), lump crab-tomato vinaigrette. Dish overall was light (esp. compared to my pork shank), and very pretty. Great summer dish. ****************************************LUNCHAvailable Mon-Sat 11:30-2pm. Lunch prices for some of the same entrees are better than dinner. FYI - the two lunch specials (e.g., "Buckhead Express" and "In and Out") are not eligible for Scoutmob.BUTTERMILK FRIED CHICKEN - $12I came back w/ a co-worker to try their lunch. Both of us got the "most raved about" fried chicken. Overall loved the flavor, skin was perfectly crispy, meat was juicy, ok maybe a little salty -- I still enjoyed it. Good portion - 1 wing, 1 breast. Also came w/ green beans (yum), squash casserole (very salty), and cherry tomatoes (yum). DUCK LEG CONFIT - $14For another lunch, ordered the Duck Confit -- couldn't decide between the Duck Confit or Pulled Pork Sandwich, and when the server raved about the Duck Confit ... decision made! Except the dish was a disappointment -- everything was very salty. Still, I liked the bed of Anson Mills "dirty" faro, spinach picked watermelon rind, and green peppercorn reduction. I wouldn't get this dish again.****************************************BREAKFASTBrunch starts 11:30. We had to order from the breakfast menu since we came at 10:30. While service for the other meal times were excellent, the morning service was very slow and not attentive at all. Food is pricey for breakfast, and very salty, too.EGGS BENEDICT - $142 poached eggs, Canadian bacon, and Hollandaise sauce on English muffins. Also came w/ a side of breakfast potatoes which was super salty. Overall just ok.SOUTHERN ART BREAKFAST - $18For $18, you'd expect a lot of stuff -- 2 eggs any style, choice of bacon or sausage links, grits or breakfast potatoes, OJ or grapefruit juice, coffee or tea. My friend gave me her OJ which was fresh and very good -- everything else though was salty :( ****************************************DESSERTSDesserts are beautifully displayed at the front of the restaurant, and they are all $9 which to me is pricey. The most raved about desserts by servers and Yelpers are the Caramel Chocolate Pretzel Pie and Banana Pudding Pie -- and I agree!! If you get one, get the former. If you get two, get these two b/c they complement each other well :) The desserts here are great for sharing.CARAMEL CHOCOLATE PRETZEL PIE - $9Pretzel crust filled w/ duo chocolate cream and topped w/ caramel chantilly. Lovely for sweet & salty lovers. It's surprisingly not a heavy or dense dessert. I esp. loved the toffee flavor. Probably my best ever dessert in Atlanta :)BANANA PUDDING PIE - $9Vanilla wafer crust filled w/ sweet bananas, pastry cream, and whipped cream. Very fresh-tasting and light dessert. Yum.****************************************PARKINGComplimentary self-parking is available in the garage. Just remember to bring your ticket w/ you, and get it validated by the hostess. Complimentary valet parking is also available.
<review# 650,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2012,2/8/2013,489,857,8,14,11>Milano Bakery is where Koryodang used to be. They still sell Koryodang pastries. So it looks like they're still associated with them. I like Koryodang pastries; they're classic Korean pastries. Just like Koryodang, they sell cakes, pastries, and bingsoos. They seemed to have taken away the crepes but replaced them with sandwiches and... (wait for it) BURGERS! Yes, they make the famous Bibimbap and Bulgogi Burgers here. I tried the Bibimbap burger, and it lives up to the hype. The Bibimbap Burger consists of the patty, vegetables, secret sauce, egg, and a big piece of lettuce. The patty is not a traditional patty. It's more like a meatloaf. I normally don't like "meatloaf burgers," but it works well here. The buns taste heavenly. They're not your regular, supermarket buns. I think they make these fresh. We're in a bakery here, so their buns better be fresh and not from a bag. If they are from Kroger, they sure fooled me. The buns taste good, and they toasted them well. The secret sauce makes the burger messy and tasty. It gives the burger a nice kick. The vegetables seemed marinated with the bibimbap flavor. And the lettuce on the bottom serves as a nice garnish and catches the sauce and juices of the burger. Overall, they made the burger well and is near perfect.What about the egg? Well, the egg is essential to the bibimbap. Therefore, it rounds out the flavor and completes the burger. I prefer traditional burgers (cheese, patty, bun, and a few garnishes inside). I'm not a fan of gimmicky burgers like this, but this burger turned me into a fan. I rather go here and eat this burger than eat the gimmicky burgers at Flip, Yeah!, or other burgers places.The Bibimbap Burger takes a long time to make. I suggest you call ahead and order it ahead of time. But the wait is worth it.The owner here is awesome. While I was waiting for my burger, she gave me a free bag of chips. That's cool of her. She seems to love giving away stuff to her costumers. I saw her offering free junk to other costumers. I think it adds to the overall warmth of the place. In the bathroom, you have to pull up on the handle to flush. It's written in 6 languages: English, Korean, Spanish, Vietnamese, Italian, and German. Maybe those are the main ethnicities that come to this place. Their boba tea and smoothies all have milk. So be careful if you have lactose intolerance.The food tastes good, and it has a nice, warm, cozy atmosphere. This place is not hectic as some of the bigger bakeries. If you want to relax and try some delicious, Korean burgers and desserts, try this place.
<review# 651,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2013,2/7/2013,35,108,5,6,7>If you've ever been here and did not try the octopus...what are you doing still reading this? Pick up the phone, make a reservation, and go to Kyma ASAP. This was the best grilled octopus I've ever had, including the ones I had in Greece for the most of my life. My company and I decided to get the $32/person 5-meze + 3 spreads deal. Next time we're ordering at least 2 octopus dishes for sure. Overall, the restaurant is very good. The service (impeccable) and the octopus being its stronger suits. The food hit some very high marks and some lower ones too. We liked the zucchini fritters and the desert (we ordered a trio of baklava, galaktobourkeo, and loukouma and all three exceeded our expectations especially since two of them came with a spoon of heavenly ice-cream). I loved the greens (kale) Greek style (EVOO and lemon), but  they had too much lemon for my American bf (see, I like "too much" lemon, because for Greeks, that is jus "enough" lemon). They also carried my favorite Greek wine (Sigalas Assyrtiko Athiri), which I wish they had brought the bottle at the table to open and serve (it tasted as if it had been opened for a while, but still good).Why not 5 stars? First, some of the dishes were oversalted. We were very disappointed with the tuna tartar special, and typically we are big fans of tuna tartare. But the salt (and pepper) over-powered it.  Also, the spicy lamb pie would have been an awesome dish, but again, it was oversalted (and not spicy in any other way). Now if you can taste the salt, they say, the dish is oversalted. We didn't just taste it: We were slapped in the face with it! Last, yes, it was a little overpriced. Not too bad. We had the 3 spreads, the 5 meze plus the greens, 2 drinks, and one desert and our check was 108 +tip.  As for the ambiance, whoever said that it was dated hasn't been to the checkered-tableclothed, Afrodite statute, Santorini picture, Greek flag decorated restaurants across the US. Ambiance was fine, but could you PLEASE change the music? If you claim to be a "classy" restaurant (and judging from the attire of patrons, our jeans notwithstanding, you are a classy place), don't play trashy Greek music (skyladika, for those who understand).  Have you heard of Hatzidakis, Spanos, Xarhakos?
<review# 652,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2013,2/6/2013,691,368,4,12,9>Is this a lounge or a shooting range? Atlanta always does everything big, but in a Southern charm way. You will be blown away when you walk in, because it looks nothing like a shooting range, more like an art industrial style studio with trendy paintings along the walls. They also have cookies, coffee, and doughnuts! It is modern, clean, well ventilated. The staff is friendly and approachable. They don't sell guns here, but you can rent them. It is $16 hour to rent the lane which doesn't include the gun rental and the bullets. It was my first time shooting a gun and I was a bit scared, but I had a blast. Everyone said I was a natural. ;) I would definitely recommend this place for a first timer or a gun owner who wants to sharpen up their skills. Enjoy :)
<review# 653,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2012,2/5/2013,67,77,14,6,5>Contrary to an injudicious remark made to me by a member of the Georgia judiciary ("We don't need no Ko-ree-ann barbecue") I decide I do need some Korean bbq so I head to Heirloom for the Wednesday Korean Fried Chicken. Sorry judge, but you've been overruled by the court of public opinion.Exhibit A: Four mixed chicken pieces are entered into evidence. Close examination reveals a dark nutty brown complexion, suggesting a deep fry in peanut oil. Upon further review it's determined that they are of a non-greasy extra crispy nature, while maintaining a juicy interior. However, in food court, much like life itself, what is not present can also be of great significance. The familiar spicy heat so closely  associated with NY style Korean Bonchon Chicken has not been brought, rendering the chicken moot.Exhibit B: Mac & Cheese. Mini conchiglie rigate (small shells) are amply sauced with a formaggi trio and butter. Traces of red pepper flakes are also present. Further examination is not warranted. Exhibit C: Banchan: round up the usual suspects; cukes, daikon, cabbage heavily doused in red pepper.Exhibit D: Chilsing Cider (Korean Sprite); suspiciously resembling its American version in every way (except its high price).Despite the inconsistency of the evidence a clear case of justifiable gluttony was established so the contempt of court proceedings brought against me were dismissed.
<review# 654,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2012,2/4/2013,77,219,7,7,5>I am the worst to my car. My poor little silver civic is always hidden under a cloud of dust, leaves and anything else the tree that hangs above my parking spot decides to throw at it.  And instead of getting it washed my attitude normally is "why bother if that tree is just going to shit on it again?" True words. The inside is not much better- it sees dog hair, bicycle grease and yoga equipment about as regularly as I use it (which ends up being twice a week). But this week I had to do something about it. Actually, my bf made me do something about it. Specifically, said tree decided to be extra mean this fall and has been depositing gross sticky sap all over the poor little civic. I tried to ignore it until my bf pointed out you couldn't really see through the windows anymore. fine, I said. I'll take it to Avril's. I was so ashamed to drive the little guy there. I was expecting judgment or even vehicle confiscation due to inadequate care (just half kidding). I pull up and blurt something like this:"I'msosorrythecarlooksthiswaybuttheresthiseviltree­andtheressapandleavesanddustanditsnotmyfault..." carwash dude stares blankly, smiles and nods, in silence."so I guess I ll have the full service?"and that's it. No disapproving look, no offer of a "special treatment to remove these horrible stains that will cost 50 extra" (it's actually happened at other places), just a friendly smile, a cute little waiting area attached to a garden center, free wifi and coffee. I was so distracted and the people here so unintrusive that I don't know how long I was there before realizing my car was sitting outside, sparkling clean, probably waiting on me for several minutes. I was in love. The car looks brand new. The upholstery looks so clean I want to curl up and nap on it. I promised to come every month now, the civic deserves better! at only $20 bucks, its a steal. Other pluses- it's organic (though I don't know what that means), its a small operation, and its across the street from a whole foods and a starbucks, so you get run errands or sip on a mocha while you wait. love.
<review# 655,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/2/2012,2/3/2013,90,257,6,4,3>Lets be real, any excuse to get my nails done is a good excuse.  I pounced on the Scoutmob deal which saved me $17 on an essential manicure and pedicure. I called first thing in the morning and was able to make an appointment for that day at 1pm.  I arrived a little early and Andrea was ready to go right at 1.  Absolutely make an appointment. The salon was busy and the few people who came in trying to get walk in service were turned away.The salon itself is real cute. Nestled in a prime highlands location, the salon already gives off the vibe of a more swanky (less sketchy) nail place. There is cushioned bench seating against one wall for pedicures and long tables with chairs against the opposing one for manicures. Neither were exceptionally comfortable or exceptionally uncomfortable.   Parking is available on the street.  If you park right by Sugarcoat, you have to pay the machine.  If you drive a block or so down St. Charles, curbside parking is free. Andrea did a great job on both my pedicure and manicure.  We had the typical 45 minutes relationship that most people have with their nail specialists- laughing, crying, tales of love and loss....okay we just made polite small talk but my scenario would have been more entertaining. She took her time and asked what shape and length I liked my nails to be which I really appreciated. A week later and my pedicure is still looking fresh.  The polish isn't cracked at all and my weirdo, ex-dancer toes look a little less weirdo than usual so I'm a happy girl.  My manicure is a bit cracked around the edges, but that is to be expected. I think next time I would give the gel manicure a try as that seemed to be the popular choice with the other clients. I dream of a day when I will be able to go to places like Sugarcoat once a week.  Alas, I have not made my small fortune yet so I shall have to reserve Sugarcoat for days when I have deal coupons or when I find $50 on the sidewalk.  Great experience that is worth the price if you can afford a little bit of a splurge.
<review# 656,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/22/2012,2/2/2013,629,185,9,6,8>Every second Sunday of the month, I ceremonially repent and sin at Church when I come out for Second Service with DJ Vicki Powell. Glad to have Sister Louisa's venue be the party place of choice for such a fun event. On the winter months, the dance floor moves upstairs and in the warmer months, the party goes outdoor on the patio. The availability of the other space during the dance party is great for catching your breath and to kiki with all your squirrel friends.Bartenders are attentive and are pretty quick at taking your drink orders, despite how packed the bar can get. Pro tip - If you forget to close out, you're automatically charged 20% gratuity the next day. So if you're happy with your service and were planning to tip that much (which you should!), then it works out beautifully. Lord knows I've done that quite a few times when leaving as a sweaty mess after dancing to the DJ that saved my life.
<review# 657,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2013,2/1/2013,151,132,13,12,9>This place is HUGE. A small Cirque de Soleil could be performed in its event room. There are doors and exits everywhere so that after a night of spirits, one may stumble out of a side exit and wonder where they are.  So learn from my mistakes and remember where you came in from.I attended a political fundraiser at this location. It is my understanding that this bar has long been known as a "political bar" and on any given night one can hobnob with a Georgia House representative or local politician, over a basket of some pretty darn good hot wings. They have a pretty extensive  Belgium Beer selection and the house wines are pleasantly palatable. No bitterness.  I can't really speak for the rest of the menu as I only had wings and egg rolls (hor d'oeuvres). I will say though this is a great place for college kids, activists, and all around awesome people. Come as you are.I will definitely be back to sample the menu. Oh, and to the grumpy male bartender, try cracking a smile love. It's okay. Wear: Your favorite played out Ray Bans, something with an argyle print, and a politically incorrect button pin. Cheers!
<review# 658,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2013,1/31/2013,291,260,7,14,14>One Eared Stag was simply phenomenal. Everything was great and beyond my expectations. Came here with a bunch of Yelpers for Brent H's Numbers UYE series. POUTINE $11This mountain of fries smothered in gravy was one of the best things that happened to me this evening. Seriously, you MUST order the poutine appetizer if it is on the menu.WARM OLIVES AND ALMONDS $7The chef sent these out as a complimentary side, and they were really great! I am not a fan of olives, but this was delicious. The warm olive was really meaty and tasted like flavorful olive oil haha. TUNA TONNATO $13This dish was completely unexpected in a disappointing way. The tuna was actually pureed into a sauce that the very tough fry bread was dipped in. BEEF HEART PASTRAMI $12This was mouth-wateringly delicious. We have never had such a flavorful piece of pastrami. In addition, the toast that soaks in the amazing juice from the onions and pastrami is SO good. And to top it off (literally), they have a soft poached egg on top. ohhhh yeahhhhPASTURED HOT CHICKEN $8This is the most flavorful and tender chicken that I have ever had in my life, and I can say that with confidence. It is rated in the AJC, so we ordered it for our table. The spice is definitely very flavorful and hot, but without the burning feeling. AHH you must also order this appetizer.FRIED CHICKEN SPECIAL (only available on Mondays) $13/20/30The fried chicken is available for 3 prices/sizes. $13 for half, $20 for a full, and $30 for two whole chicken. When my plate came out, I thought they brought out the 2 chickens because it was a massive pile of chicken, but it actually was the half chicken. The half is enough to feed two people. The breading was pretty thick , and the chicken was moist. Seriously good chicken, but I prefer the flavor of the hot chicken more. I love the cauliflower puree - it's like butter :)BROWN BUTTER SPONGE CAKE $9Yummy fluffy yet dense chocolate cake with semi-sweet butter cream. Delicious. SERVICEOur waiter was hilarious and would subtly crack jokes throughout the night. After he brought out our to-go boxes, he asked, "So, is everyone ready to order their entrees now?" Very attentive, witty, and cute. ATMOSPHEREIt is a slightly hipster spot. Very clean, yet quirky with the wall full of wild game heads. They use fancy Calvin Klein plates! And mason jars. Yeah, that type of place. It would make a great date spot, a fancier catch up spot with a friend, or a nice place to impress the parents. Overall, really great experience and I hope to eat there again God-willing. Now I'm going to go lie down and have a heart attack from all that fried chicken. [6 of 100]
<review# 659,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2012,1/30/2013,342,294,9,16,18>I found it! Dammit, y'all - I found the best bacon pizza in Atlanta! Ammazza really is as good as it gets for bacon pizza. This Southern gal has been on the hunt for the best pizza topped with bacon in the ATL for years now. Most places just offer bacon bits topped on their pizza but Ammazza does it right.Ammazza sources their meats from Spotted Trotter and my goodness I'm glad they did. We ordered the Magherita pizza and added bacon. Each slice had about an inch of crisp bacon topped on the fresh mozzarella, tomato and basil.Oh, and Ammazza makes all their own cheese in-house daily, in addition to their dough. They've got a good thing using the finest fare in the Old Fourth Ward. We also ordered the meatballs (using a few different meats from aforementioned Spotted Trotter) and I may have overdone it on the meat but it was so worth it. The meatballs arrived swimming in marinara and topped with melted cheese.So this diverts from the theme of staying local, but I tried my first pint of Clown Shoes (a craft beer brewed out of Massachusetts). The Chocolate Sombrero was one of the best dark beers I've had besides Guinness in a good long while. Somehow, the smoky chocolate flavor worked with all that meat.The beer and wine list at the front of the restaurant is impressive, plus a fully stocked bar in the dining room offers a wonderful cocktail list. This bar also works well as an additional ordering point so y'all don't have to get back in line out front. After ordering, pickup your own plates, napkins, utensils, etc. before finding your table. What's great is Ammazza is open until 2 a.m. now on weekends. Next time I'm partying down at Sister Louisa's - y'all can bet I'll be stopping by Ammazza for more bacon pizza. I suggest you do the same.
<review# 660,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2013,1/29/2013,164,270,2,8,6>My wife and I, and two of our friends ate here New Years Eve night. It was a nice, busy night, yet the service was always impeccable. Our server was very attentive, personable,  and on top of things all night long. We started with a couple of cheeses, the Manchego and Pecorino, and both were great. All of our entrees came out in a reasonable amount of time, and looked absolutely delicious. But looks aren't everything, to the flavor.I had the spaghetti with crab, smoked mussels, trout roe, créme fraiche, lemon and herbs. So absolutely delicious in every way. Loved it. Everyone else enjoyed their entrees, as well, from the pizzas, the fried goat cheese balls, all of it. Very excellent experience, we'll be back when we can.
<review# 661,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2012,1/28/2013,100,196,,10,8>Oh Richard....  After much anticipation, we finally picked a birthday celebration to be our first of what most likely will be many visits to The Spence.  Even though we're both a fan of his other restaurants as well as Top Chef, we hadn't done any prep work on our dinner so everything we experienced was like receiving wonderful little surprises, one after another.The Spence is fun!  The ambiance is slightly upscale with a twist of loud and upbeat.  The waitstaff is both knowledgeable and on point.  Our service was spectacular and full of excellent suggestions.  The food...  adventurious and awesome.We had the Beet Salad, Bone Marrow, and Lobster Rolls with chicharones.  All completely amazing and well composed. The plating was whimsical with class, the portions excellent with  flavors that make you stop and say...  damn.  The highlight of the night ( a slight edge over the lobster rolls mmmmmmm) had to be the marrow...  topped with tuna tartare and a fried quail egg served with toast points, it had to be the best marrow I've ever had.  Our server even offered to pack up the bone for our dog to feast on when we got home.The best part...  reasonably priced!  We look forward to our next visit!
<review# 662,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2012,1/27/2013,23,133,10,5,1>When you want to find a place to go with coworkers that satisfies that cheap coworker who doesn't want to spend more than $8, that coworker who wants chinese, and the other coworkers who want American, this place has something for all.It's..........the schnit.
<review# 663,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2012,1/26/2013,357,369,11,18,16>On the one hand, I want these lovely gals to stay in business.On the other hand, I'm not trying to have y'all look like me.  I hope you realize how selfless this review is because I'm pretty much giving up one of my spectacular fashion finds.  Bridge Boutique is the newest addition to the strip of shops on St. Charles in Virginia Highland.  It's right around the corner from another local favorite of mine, The Indie-pendent.  So what makes Bridge Boutique stand out amongst the litany of standing women's clothing boutiques in this area?  Carefully curated brands and styles with a vintage aesthetic, instead of "going out" tops and formless, trendy pieces that no one will want to wear a year from now.  If you love secretary blouses, pan collars, and curvy silhouettes, you might squeal like I did.  They carry one of my favorite designers, Lauren Moffatt, along with Tracy Reese and Champagne and Strawberry.In addition to well constructed, beautiful garments, they sell shoes, funky accessories and handbags and Parisian-y home accents like mirrors, chandeliers and chairs. I met the owner, Mañana Cain, on my first visit and she was an absolute delight.  I've been into the store a few times now and the selection continues to be updated and refreshed. Just like my credit card charges.
<review# 664,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2012,1/25/2013,159,524,3,12,5>Don't let the name of this place mislead you - there's absolutely nothing poor about it. The food is expertly prepared and exceptionally presented, the interior is a far cry from the dilapidated dive bar that once occupied this space, and the service is southern hospitality at its finest. As a resident of this neighborhood, I'm thrilled to have a restaurant of this caliber within walking distance.Food: Poor Calvin's specializes in Thai and American fusion - although the "fusion" aspect consists more of Thai and American dishes on the same menu rather than as components within the same entree. Menu offerings include everything from pad Thai and curry to fried chicken and meatloaf. During my visit, I opted to start with the Po' Dip, an East Asian cheese dip with tahiti and ground cashews served with toasted pita, fruits, and vegetables - the flavor was excellent. For an entree, I opted for the fried chicken, which was served over mac n' cheese and sauteed vegetables. The chicken was perfectly cooked and crisp, and the presentation rivaled what you'd expect from a Michelin rated establishment. Unfortunately, the mac n' cheese was less memorable and lacked the creamy texture I've come to expect from such a dish. For dessert, I tried the candied apple, which was a light and welcomed change from the standard options you typically find elsewhere in Atlanta.  Service: It was essentially a two man show - Calvin was working the kitchen and making the rounds throughout the restaurant, while James was single handedly managing the entire front end. Both were friendly, accommodating, and eager to please. Atmosphere: A great deal of effort has gone into renovating both the exterior and interior of the space - aside from the Guinness Pelican still plastered along the backside of the building, it's hard to believe that this space once housed O'Terrill's Pub and its infamous robot wielding, gun shooting owner. The new ownership has transformed it into a sophisticatedly modern space - the restaurant features separate interior dining rooms, as well as an exterior wrap around patio lined with french doors that overlook Renaissance Park. The dress is casual and the clientele is urban - the establishment is very gay friendly. Cost: Reasonably priced for the quality and quantity of the food offerings. Lunch entrees are $7-$9, dinner appetizers are $5-$8, soups are $5, salads are $9, full entrees are $11-$16, and sides are $4. All major credit cards are accepted. Other: Poor Calvin's is located on Piedmont Road in the "SoNo" district of Atlanta - it's adjacent to the Civic Center and directly across the street from Renaissance Park. Hours of operation are Monday-Friday, 11AM-2:30PM and 5PM-10PM, and Saturday-Sunday, 5PM-10PM. Very limited parking is available in the restaurant's private lot - additional parking is also available along nearby side streets. They do not currently have a liquor license, but one is expected by January 2013.
<review# 665,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2012,1/24/2013,139,107,5,6,9>Open late, great food, great beer selection, air hockey, pool tables!The Highlander is usually my last stop when I am having a wild toad ride bar hopping kind of night. Atmosphere:I don't really consider this a dive bar like all the other reviews say. Does that say something about my character? The bar itself is always clean. Servers and bartenders look bathed. The bathrooms are a little sketchy and piercings and tattoos are the norm here - but those are the only divey aspects to me. They have nice glassware, silverware, clean polished wood bar and booths. They have pool tables and air hockey here. I love that! They are always open until last call so it's a great place to go for a late night snack. Service:The bartenders deal well with inebriated individuals - which as they are bartenders that's a plus for both them and their patrons! Service is quick. They are awesome at taking food orders. I haven't had them get it wrong ever. Booze:They have a great selection of beer on tap and in the bottle. Food:Their food is delicious. I think their tater tots might be better than the vortex. They have one of the best burgers in Atlanta, They have an all you can eat crab night I am going to hit sometime. When I do takeout, the order is always correct and they give me plenty of condiments. This is the best bar food in Atlanta. Summation:Come on! Play some air hockey have a brew and a late night snack!
<review# 666,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2012,1/23/2013,244,602,13,6,7>Being a GP 'hood rat, I love the Grant Park Farmer's Market. I don't "love it every week" love it because the vendors don't rotate out that often and my cooking skills only warrant 2 different variations of squash recipes. Still, I love having it nearby.Sure, the clientele ranges from couples who chuckle at The Capitol Steps while clutching their NPR canvas tote bags to aged hipsters protecting a ratty, $15 Bauhaus t-shirt from their newborn's puke fits with an $80 North Face pull-over. (Or, with the inevitable Venn diagram of intown lefties, both.) Still, everyone's nice and smiling, if only coming off as only mildly Stepford-y.It's a good Sunday diversion, though. Wood fired pizza, pastries from Little Tart, the crepe guys, Kings of Pop...they're all there. H&F baked goods, artisan cheeses and fancy salami, gluten-free pasta, the occasional Asian baby being pushed around in a stroller--it's ALL the stuff white people like. But hey, I'm not white and I like all that stuff, especially the Asian baby part. There's just no Pinkberry or karaoke or random New Order songs playing, so I've got to throw the Asian flag on the play. Nope, you've still got some work to do to win over the Asian demographic. Sorry, Grant Park Farmer's Market.
<review# 667,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/1/2013,1/22/2013,172,868,6,14,16>Kevin Gillespie's last time manning the kitchen at Woodfire Grill was New Year's Eve 2012, so it only seems appropriate that my first review of 2013 should be for this spot.After soliciting advice from yelpers as to the best fancy and splurge-worthy dinner in Atlanta, I suggested both Woodfire Grill and Bacchanalia to my dad for our annual dinner celebrating an early Christmas.  He selected Woodfire Grill.When you arrive, there's complimentary valet.  Inside the restaurant, there is a small bar inside and to the left, and two small rooms up at the front with couches and chairs, which would make an excellent spot to wait on the rest of your party to arrive.  The hostess stand is back by the bar, slightly hidden from the front door, but a server met us as soon as we walked in and guided us to the stand.  As this was during that week of almost freakishly cold Atlanta weather, I appreciated that they offered a coat check for my heavy jacket.  The atmosphere is warm, and I thought it struck the perfect balance between feeling special and fancy while still relaxed and comfortable.Once seated, we both selected the chef's tasting menu for dinner, which was absolutely the right move.  Though the the plates going to other tables from the regular menu looked delicious, I cannot imagine anything more enjoyable than what we ate.  Ever single item was just delicious.  Though they offer full and half glass wine pairings along with the tasting menu, I asked for just a single glass of their recommendation to be brought with the entree courses.  If you're not up for five (or even 2.5) glasses of wine, this method is a good call, because they selected a perfect wine that went with both our quail and pork main courses. Our tasting menu began with an amuse-bouche (served in a spoon) of caramelized pears, an appetizer of raw tuna, another starter of crispy trout, a "shooter" of roasted cauliflower soup, an entree sized portion of roasted quail, another main of pork two ways with roasted pork belly and smoked pork loin, and a dessert of deconstructed s'more.  All of these descriptions sound so plain here, but they were all amazing, with unique flavors, complicated executions, and beautifully plated with interesting sides and accompaniments before being served by knowledgeable wait staff who fully explained all of the details and nuances of each dish and kept them coming in perfect timing.  If I had to pick a favorite, it would be a three way tie between the tuna (quite possibly the best, most delicate raw fish I've ever had), the quail (grilled medium rare -who knew that was possible?! Not me.), and the deconstructed s'more (homemade marshmallow fluff topped with salted caramel sauce? Yes please).  Now that Kevin Gillespie is gone and I've crossed this Atlanta institution off of my restaurant bucket list, I don't know that I'll be back, but it was a really nice meal all around.
<review# 668,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2013,1/21/2013,204,510,8,16,16>Are you kidding me, nobody has reviewed this place? What.Admittedly I didn't know it existed until we were flying back in October and I was flipping through the magazine on the plane. I came across an ad for a memorabilia trade event or something like that and it was held here. I was immediately like WE NEED TO COME.This museum is COMPLETELY FREE to visit. They do ask for a $5 donation per person on the website but they aren't pushy about it at all. You can't just show up though but it's pretty simple. All you have to do is call ahead of time so you can be on the list for security. You'll have to sit there and wait while they have your IDs and make you a cute little nametag, but that's okay. The best day to come is one where the Spirit of Delta is open, which is Wednesday or Thursday. It's only open between noon and 2. You can't go into the cockpit but you get to sit in the seats if you want while they show a video on the history of the plane. They have a bunch of memorabilia on display here from over the years, it's super neat.There's a bunch of other aircraft on display as well as a couple exhibits. One was on crop dusters and other was on Northwest airlines. Okay actually the best part is the gift shop. The gift shop is in half of a plane, and you can sit in the cockpit of it. But the gift shop is incredible. Ever wanted first class utensils? Fifty cents a piece. Want a box of small plates? Covered for under ten bucks. Everything is incredibly cheap for the most part. I got myself a fifty cent tea cup that is the perfect size for holding tea from my gaiwan. There was even a steady stream of Delta employees coming in to buy stuff from there. I hope to get a chance to come back on a Tuesday when the DC-3 is open to visitors. That's only once a month, the second Tuesday I believe, and also at noon.And the coolest thing ever, people can hold events on the Spirit of Delta, like meetings, or get married here and that is just so cool. Definitely check this out even if you are just a tiny bit interested in airplanes.
<review# 669,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2012,1/19/2013,119,190,4,5,4>Full disclosure, I love Antico pizza and I feel like every other pizza joint on the face of the Earth is playing for second place.  That aside, there are some great pizza places in the area and a friend of mine recommended this as a worthy competitor.I arrived with my married friends and when they quizzically confirmed "three?"  I stepped forward and let them know to avoid any confusion, that the two people I was with were married and I was alone.  I could even sit at a different table if that was easier for them.  They staff showed a great sense of humor, rolled with the punches and we were off to a great start.We decided to spilt two pizzas, first up was the Caramelized Onion done with a sharp Emmenthaler Cheese.  If you close your eyes and take a big bite, you think you are eating French Onion Soup.  It was surprising, flavorful and wonderful.  I was glad I spilt it though, a whole one might have lost its charm, too much of good thing.  The second pie we devoured was the Salumi which is thinly sliced Italian cured meats with Mozzarella, Tomato Sauce & Spiced Olives.  I enjoyed this one even more.  I am a sucker for olives and they completed the rest of the pizza perfectly.To end the evening, I had been verbally jousting with the waitress all night and as a little reward she brought the table Italian Doughnuts which are fried dough tossed in sugar, on the house.  It was the perfect end to a perfect meal.To Recap:The Good:  The pizza is fresh, great ingredients and combinations (French Onion tasting pizza, come on!).  The service was fun and fast, good atmosphere.The Bad:  Nothing really sticks out.  It isn't in my favorite part of town and specialty pizzas that approach $17-$19 hit the top of my limit for all things flat and round, but still worth it.The Band This Restaurant Most Resembles:  Coconut Records.  Fun and fresh.
<review# 670,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2012,1/18/2013,91,277,11,8,11>It's hard to believe that I went for so many years without eating Chinese food. I'm making up for lost time now: not only do I love Chinese food, but I'm also marrying a Chinese man.I'm addicted to Chef Liu's Shanghai juicy steamed pork buns, Tientsin steamed pork buns, and fried snap beans. The food here is consistently good and always hits the spot. I can never stop eating the snap beans (otherwise known as "crack beans")-- they're so delicious.Go get yourself some soup dumplings!
<review# 671,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2012,1/17/2013,28,78,10,5,3>Oooooh. Ooh ooh ooh. I am a little obsessed. The neighborhood isn't totally inconvenient for me to get to, the food is totally rad no matter what I'm in the mood for, and there is a STUPENDOUSLY attractive guy who works here. Hey youuuuu.Shardule S. told me about this joint a couple of weeks ago, so I ventured out on a random late Thursday afternoon. I had just quit my job and was in an AWESOME mood... traffic happened to be crazy because it was monsooning, but I was starving and decided that my first celebratory meal was going to be a dang Iraxican burrito. And so it was. And it was SO worth risking my life to get there.Aforementioned Attractive Guy broke the menu and the food-style down for me, let me stare in awe for a couple of minutes at the many many options in front of me, and finally I decided on the Dirka-Dirka, the Chicote Dip, and some baklava. It was all ready for me in a matter of brief minutes, and on the way back to my hotel room it pained me to get wafts of my lunch while I was sitting around in gridlock. I tore into the baklava while still in my car, and was so excited about it that I may have traveled in the breakdown lane to get to the rest of my food faster.My burrito was so stinking delicious. I am in looooove. In all honesty, there wasn't quite enough lamb on there for my likings, but there were plenty of veggies in its places, which was probably healthier for me anyway. The chicote dip was warm and spicy and eggplanty and amazing, and the cucumber salsa that came on the side made the whole thing extra awesome.I need to come back here again and again. The space is not special and pretty small, so unless I'm flying solo I'll stick with to-go orders, but beyond that, I couldn't be a happier camper. Fresh, delicious, creative food... nice people... couldn't be better.
<review# 672,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2012,1/16/2013,61,106,4,6,4>Whenever I pick someone up from the airport in the evening, a quick drive to Michon's is a nice "Welcome to Atlanta" with their live jazz and awesome smoked/ bbq menu. The owner is a beautiful and classy woman who takes the time to walk around and greet the table (literally, never fails every time I go) and the waitstaff is always on top of their tables. The venue it self is beautiful and elegant, its hard to rip yourself away to head home! Love it, recommend it, hats off for a job well done.
<review# 673,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2012,1/15/2013,66,188,11,6,6>Hells bells.  I guess if you are going to go off diet, Bocado's burger stack is the way to do it.  I was SO good yesterday on my diet, that I was starved today and all I could think about was a burger.  So I thought, well, Bocado near my office is supposed to have one that rivals holeman and finch's burger (which I've never tried H&F because I don't believe a burger should require that much planning and effort), so I hit Bocado for work lunch by myself at the bar.  God damn that was a foodgasm.  I kinda feel bad talking about it with y'all, it was such an intimate moment between me and my burger stack.  I don't smoke, I never really have smoked, but once my burger was gone, all I wanted was a cigarette, and to just sit and wallow in the delicious of my lunch.  Oh yeah, there was some tomato bisque too I got as a side that I remember being somewhat decent, but I think my memory has already pushed it out of the way to remember the home made pickles, the perfectly crispy and juicy beef patties in that golden puffy bun that begins to melt in your mouth at first bite.  Holy hell. . . I'm gonna need to bring a clean change of underwear before I go to Bocado again.
<review# 674,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2012,1/14/2013,213,662,11,9,6>Sometimes when I talk about naan bread, people with unadventurous palates think I am referring to NON bread. Like bread without carbohydrates. Naturally, they beg me to tell them where I purchase such a thing. Their faces fall when I tell them about this Indian staple, chock-full of the processed grains they strive to avoid. I fully embrace my naan addiction and love tonguing my fiance after I've eaten a piece saturated in garlic and other strong spices. Today I finally tried a naanwich at the cleverly named NaanStop, which offers a sort of build-your-own naanwich/rice bowl/salad bar. Because I couldn't decide between lamb and paneer, the dude behind the station let me pull a half-and-half, also slathering yogurt cilantro sauce and fresh spinach on top. Plus, the cashier told me how to eat my naanwich without getting dirty: hold the naanwich upright and peel the foil back as you go, like a banana. My stomach is rumbling, but my sleeves are still clean!
<review# 675,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/18/2012,1/13/2013,167,170,5,6,2>By far, one of my favorite restaurant on buford hwy hands down. So what can you expect to find? I love their Banh Mi (Vietnamese sandwiches) and also their Mi bowls (egg noodles). I would just get a simple sandwich to-go and just be on my merry way. Sandwiches run about 2.50-3.50 a sandwich while a bowl of pho or mi will run you closer to 6. Here's a fair warning: CASH ONLY. What happens if you don't have cash? I don't know, do people still wash dishes as trade anymore? But that's a fair warning since I know most people don't carry cash anymore. The restaurant itself isn't that large. 6 tablets that can accommodate groups of 4, otherwise, you'll be sitting in the long main center table. If you're eating solo or a large group and you're seated at the center table, you might be sharing that table with other patrons, just a heads up. Otherwise, the parking lot is always crazy, so be careful. But no matter what, as long as they stick to how they operate as they have been for years, it's going to be one of my favorite restaurants around atlanta for vietnamese food.
<review# 676,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2012,1/12/2013,86,149,3,4,4>This ATL legend of a restaurant is classy classic. The first thing I noticed upon walking through the double doors of the diner was the wall of celebrity patrons. Hey - if it's good enough for Kevin Bacon, it's good enough for me.I came in on a quiet Sunday evening for an early dinner with my friend and a few of her family members. When we arrived at 5:00pm, there were only a few people dining. Throughout the evening, though, the place filled up. By 6:00pm there was barely an empty table. The noise level was a bit loud with so many people talking and laughing at once, but you could still hold a conversation pretty well. I noticed that they didn't have any background music which I thought was a bit odd. A little bit of old school jazz would have been a nice touch.I love that the servers wear sleek white coats with a silver "Buckhead Diner" button for a polished look. Our server was a pleasant young woman who joked with us about the necessity of sweet tea on the menu of a true southern restaurant. She didn't even bat an eye when my friend's uncle playfully asked her just how "wild" the wild mushrooms are. I always love it when the server is a good sport with a sense of humor.We sat at a cozy booth with a round table by the window overlooking Piedmont. It's always tricky to slide around the table and get people in and out, but it only adds to the diner-style charm. The lighting was soft and romantic which gave the place a sexy vibe that was an unexpectedly pleasant departure from the bright and tacky diner stereotype.The menu, much like the atmosphere, takes staple diner dishes like grilled cheese and burgers and twists them into sophisticated fare with fine ingredients. For instance, you won't just get a regular old burger with a slab of meat on a bun. You will get a certified Angus beef masterpiece.Our table split the crunchy and delightful maytag blue cheese chips as an appetizer. For the main event, I opted for the Asian noodle salad with napa cabbage and fresh sea scallops. The scallops were meaty and cooked to perfection, and the blend of vegetables and noodles in sesame vinaigrette dressing was spot on.Throughout the meal, one of the managers popped over to check in and thank us for coming in. It's refreshing to see the managers making an effort to put in face time with the customers, and even pitching in to clear off plates during the dinner rush.I really just think it's so chic to take the old school diner and give it an air of Mad Men sex appeal. Buckhead Diner does it, and it does it oh so well. It's one of those pricy establishments that takes such good care of its patrons and provides such delicious grub that it can get away with it (did I mention that they proudly display their health inspection report of 100% by the host stand of the restaurant? Major props on that one...always appreciated). It's worth the price tag, and it is a true Buckhead gem.
<review# 677,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2012,1/11/2013,53,212,,6,5>I think for my deathbed meal, I'm going to ask for the mushroom pasta dish from La Tavola.  It's made with truffle oil, and has this buttery taste that makes me literally cry once I've touched the bottom of the dish with my fork. I can't bring myself to try other menu items, because the mushroom pasta is my one true love. The only thing about this place that sucks is how small it is inside.
<review# 678,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2012,1/10/2013,140,289,3,9,5>Lovely new restaurant In Midtown that touts itself as a "modern" fish house.  Definitely prefer it over The Optimist which I find a little too stuffy and expensive.  Like newbie The Spence, Lure likes to experiment by trying new flavor combinations and combining different cuisines.  I'm not a big fish person, but didn't miss any meat at all.  MUST GET the grilled french horn mushrooms served with baba ghannouj.  The mushrooms are meaty and substantialand the grilled octopus and pork lettuce wraps which is influenced by Vietnamese lettuce wraps.  Standouts include:New England clam chowder - on the lighter side, I prefer the hearty, rich West coast versionSeafood sausage Cassoultte - a refined twist on "pork and beans" bought to the table in a heavy cast-iron skillet.  For dessert, definitely get the coconut guava bread pudding.  The funnel cakes were the only big disappointment.  Was expecting something light and fluffy, and instead got a hard rock disk of fried though.  I took a bite and felt like I gained ten pounds.Will be back to try even more on the menu, especially the mushroom a la plancha and the octopus lettuce wraps!Great wine menu!
<review# 679,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/26/2012,1/9/2013,381,486,6,8,6>Ever since my first experience with hookah in college, I've been a fan of hookah.  Now, I'm a huge fan of House of Hookah!I had heard of House of Hookah time and time again, but I also knew that they didn't serve alcohol.  For many of my friends, there is "no point" in smoking hookah if you can't drink while doing so.  I, on the other hand, don't mind this so much but think that it would attract more customers who wouldn't even think to visit without alcohol.  It would be awesome if they allowed BYOB!Two of my friends and I finally made it a point to check out House of Hookah one Friday evening.  As others have mentioned, parking at this building is super scarce.  I highly recommend getting to the building before 7 pm, especially on busy nights like Fridays and weekends.  I was lucky that there was an open spot at the side of the building where Subway is located, but it was a tricky (and narrow!) spot.As soon as we walked in and were seated, one of my friends and I knew which flavor we wanted to get.  We ordered my favorite hookah flavor, Blue Mist (Starbuzz).  However, our server informed us that if the three of us wanted to share the hookah, we would either have to get another hookah or a fruit top (an extra $3).  We agreed to get a fruit top, and we chose the grapefruit per our server's suggestion.* Blue Mist w/Grapefruit top ($18) - This tobacco has a sweet blueberry flavor with a minty aftertaste.  Yummy!  Our server told us that the hookah would typically last about an hour or two, but we found that ours actually lasted much longer!  We seriously smoked that thing for a solid three hours straight, and we had to pull ourselves away so that we could stop because it was STILL pretty good.Although I never caught his name, our server was excellent.  Service at House of Hookah in general was wonderful.  The employees were friendly, and they were so generous with their coals!  We didn't feel rushed AT ALL or given any looks for not ordering anything else the entire time.  During the three hours that we were there, our coals were probably replaced three times!  It was funny that the server offered to replace our coal again when we were getting ready to leave.  Yes, they are THAT awesome!Overall, House of Hookah easily gets 4.5 stars for their wonderful service and amazing hookah!  Additionally, YAY for no "minimum per person" charges as some hookah lounges require.  Unfortunately, I had to knock off 1/2 a star because of the poor parking situation.  That's the main drawback of going to House of Hookah, so carpool if possible!  My friends and I will definitely be back for more hookah very soon.  =)P.S. Although I didn't bring my laptop with me, there were actually some people who were smoking hookah solo while using their laptops.  There's free Wi-Fi (ask your server for the password), and there are plenty of electrical outlets along the walls by the seats, so feel free to bring your laptop![Review 270 of 366]
<review# 680,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/18/2012,1/8/2013,257,221,9,11,9>Mine eyes have seen the glory of good Ethiopian food....and Desta, I thank you. I was first introduced to Desta by Yelp through an event.  Their food was so yummy at the event, that I knew I had to go by and have a full meal.  And now that I work in the area, Desta is very convenient for lunch.  What isn't convenient is that Desta isn't very big and it seems to always have a full house whenever I stop by. But the sun does shine on my face every once in a while so I've had my chances to eat at Desta.  I've had the tibs with chicken, rice, gomen (collards), miser (lentil stew), and injera (bread). The rice is very spicy, which I love, love, love; the injera is cold and soft, and not a good match for the dishes I've had.  The chicken has a great flavor and is balanced nicely with the spicy rice, and you can have your meat choice cooked in their signature spice - awaze, which is definitely spicy but doable for a person who eats spice all the time, not so much for a newbie.  The collards are stewed but still firm and delicious, and the miser puts lentils on a whole new level.  Vegetarians should love this place.They have a dessert case with lovely cakes and tarts and all the yummy things my mouth loves and my butt hates.  I've had the cream puff - which has a creamy custard in the center with a flaky shortbread pastry type of crust.  The combination of the cream and pastry textures is so wonderful in the mouth.  *sigh*  I've also had several versions of cream and puff pastry cakes which are not overly sweet and very pleasing to eat.They also have liquor here and abundant free parking, so I'm pretty much in love.  My only issue with this place (and why it isn't 5 stars) is the service.  Gawd, these ladies are as slow as sea turtles.  And this can be very frustrating when you have to go back to work.  They check on you in the beginning but once you get your food, you can forget it.  You'll have to chase them down for everything - more water,  your check, dessert, everything that comes after your meal arrives. But the food is so friggin' good you just have to put up with it (or order takeout.)Desta always having a crowd is completely understandable now that I've experienced it for myself, so be warned.  And Fridays are especially packed at lunch time - it seems like everybody and their mama wants some tibs!Yelp 52 #42
<review# 681,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2012,1/7/2013,48,80,10,10,8>Cheese lovers you have found your Mecca, your Bethlehem, the Lhasa to your camembert, the Jerusalem to your jarlesberg. I won't lie; I had already sunk into half a bottle of wine before I waltzed in here. It looked upscale, which is daunting to a person with a college budget like mine. I must learn to kick my cheese habit before I squander all my student loans away to this shop owner. If I could I would single handedly put that person's child through private school and university with how much cheese I wanted to buy. It is good to mention that there are other shops: bakery, creamery, and little knick knacks in-between the individual shops. But let me not digress from the sole reason I was there, the cheese. The lady working, even though it was 9 pm was still smiling and happy to help. Hell, I suppose if she were a cheese lover like I am she could get robbed in there and still be smiling. The people are knowledgeable, and I managed to buy an amazing Spanish blue cheese, French brie and a baguette for a little over $12. If you look carefully and examine carefully you can find exactly what you want without exploding your bank account.  As far as the quality of food you'll find here, bar none. The baguette was perfect. I happily ripped it apart crispy on the outside and soft and milky on the inside, just like the ones I had in Premiere Moisson in Montreal and that's a damn fine compliment. The cheeses, well you shouldn't be surprised that they're the quality you buy. My cheeses were slightly over the medium expense line and to me were still divine. Another thing worth mentioning Star Provisions sells unpasteurized cheese. We have strict pasteurization laws here but anything aged under 60 days can be sold and that's what I bought. When I heard that it sounded like angels descending in song to my ears. Non-pasteurized cheese? That's ballsy for a place to do that but it pays off. Star Provisions lives up to its name, it is really the shining beacon that all places should aspire to become in quality food
<review# 682,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2012,1/6/2013,15,56,2,6,6>The friendly staff didn't do one thing wrong on my first visit here. They were hitting all their marks. The food was outstanding. I'm a bit of an oyster novice, but the ones I had here were much more flavorful than what I'd encountered at several other Atlanta restaurants. The tempura-fried green beans were solid, but one of the standouts of the enitre meal was actually the dipping sauce. It brimmed with confident dairy flavor that had just enough dill to keep it from being overly creamy. The broth with the clams and pork belly appetizer was like a firm handshake. Reassuring in its strength but stops before it crushes you in its grip. And the entree? The oysters were so good that we got a second order. I was also knocked over by my cocktails. My grandparents used to make a lot of Salty Dogs, so this entry to the cocktail list caught my attention immediately. The very fresh citrus was well balanced with the salted rim. I ended up having two. Also, I love the overall layout. The place is really charming, with gigantic ceilings and exposed rafters that aren't too industrial. I happened to notice the managers of a couple other fancy restaurants eating there the night I went, which has to be a good sign.
<review# 683,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2012,1/5/2013,216,468,6,11,6>Low on ambiance, but high on flavor and friendliness (with a mix of crowded tables thrown in), Chat Patti is becoming one of my favorite places for veggie Indian fare. For the un-initiated (and probably one of the most popular items on the menu for white breads like me), try the Karachi Chaat. It's like Indian/Pakistani nachos, except with fried flour crisps covered in curry, rice, a lentil donut (interesting eh?), chickpeas and yogurt. Very tasty.The cheese masala dosa is also an excellent choice. A bit on the greasy side, but oh so tasty, filled with potatoes and onion. I shouldn't be writing this review before lunch, it's makin' me hungreh!
<review# 684,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2012,1/4/2013,149,183,9,10,9>Carrol Street Cafe beats the pants off of neighboring fine-dining. I can hardly express the joy I've felt while eating here. I've been to Carrol St. twice, now. Once for dinner, and once for brunch. Both were wonderful. The space is intimate and charming. I find that their food is prepared as thoughtfully as much "nicer", hyped up restaurants. G and I have had great servers each time we've eaten here. On our first date, he raved about their pastries, coffees and more. At the time, I was surprised that they had so much more to offer out of a little one-way street cafe. For dinner, G had the curry-basil chicken, which definitely topped my sashimi  tuna steak, although I found it to be delicious. We happened to dine on a Tuesday, where we had the pleasure of one too many $5 martinis on their sidewalk patio. Don't be a bummer. We were walking.Again, the service was strong, as well as the presentation and taste of food. At brunch, just yesterday, we shared a chocolate croissant with our "chocochino" coffees, and ordered entrees that might certainly be on my "best-of-brunch" list. Prior to our Sunday brunch, we had been looking for Saturday brunch spots, and sadly, there are so very few. Count on Carrol St., they serve brunch on Saturday and Sunday!G had the Huevos Rancheros, which were served on tortillas with eggs, beans... the whole 9 yards. I had the Egg Meurette which, as described on the menu: "Two poached eggs over sauteed spinach and tomato, covered in a port-bacon demi-glaze, served with a biscuit." I mean holy crap y'all. Who thought that I would keel over for some sauteed spinach and tomatoes literally in a light garlic/butter/salt n' peppa combination. Easy? Probably. Delicious? I was sopping up the juice with the biscuit. Dare I say that the grits were far superior to Flying Biscuit's? I dare.
<review# 685,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2012,1/3/2013,474,1389,3,10,8>Some really good food in a pretty cool atmosphere, though there were some logistics that could've been improved...Our team of 6 chose Rathbun's as our holiday dinner together.  Our reservations were for 7:30 on the patio, but smartly, our team leader told us 7pm.  The extra time was needed because 3 of our party were sent by the valet to Kevin Rathbun Steak up the street before being sent back to Rathbun's...The wine list is impressive and consequently has impressive prices... we started with a bottle of prosecco while waiting for everyone to arrive.  The inside atmosphere was dark, but lively, or at least felt that way sitting at the first table inside the door.  The patio has heaters and canvas dividers with holes to separate it from the rest of the Steamworks space.  The heaters were quite strong, enough that some of the table felt like they were being baked.We started with some appetizers for the table.  Oysters with limoncello mignonette sauce and edamame potstickers with enoki mushrooms.  The oysters were great.  The potstickers were a little heavy on the fish sauce.Next was a round of soups and salads.  I had the special salad of local lettuces, pear, blue cheese, and walnuts.  J had the chicken tortilla soup.  Both were simple but really good.  The vinaigrette on the lettuces was perfectly bright and crisp.  The broth of the soup was quite flavorful and the cheese melted nicely into it.For the mains, we got the Sea Scallops Benedict (with country ham grits) and the pompano special (whole pompano with green beans and fingerling potatoes).  The Pompano was my favorite - well cooked - flaky fish, crispy skin, the right amount of salt. Green beans were crisp, potatoes were just slightly soft.  The Sea Scallops were a bit of a let down - the sear was uneven, and the scallop was on the edge of being undercooked.  The sauce was odd - tasting.  Fortunately the grits were amazing, so I didn't mind eating every last one of them.  The table split Brussels Sprouts, Fries with Blue Cheese Fondue, and Jalapeno Creamed Corn.  The Brussels Sprouts were delicious.  The Fries were great alone, crisp with the right amount of salt, but the blue cheese fondue, which was more like whipped blue cheese spread, was a nice textural and flavor complement.  The creamed corn didn't taste all that special to me, but I'm not a corn person.For dessert, I got the trio of sorbet, while J enjoyed the apple turnover with ice cream.  Both were excellent ways to end the night.The service was good - thoroughly explaining or choices, upselling in a not-too-obvious or needy way, pointing out things about dishes to address expectations ("That comes as a whole fish. Are you ok with that?").  In other words, our server knew what he was doing but didn't act pretentious about it.It was a good evening, and I would recommend.   As for me, I've crossed it off my list, so I don't feel that it was so phenomenal as to warrant a return visit.
<review# 686,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2012,1/2/2013,209,595,3,8,9>One day I was in the kitchen of my lovely old house, which was purchased about 2 years ago with a spankin' new roof, and I noticed some water sitting on the kitchen counter.  "Kind of odd" I thought to myself. I didn't think anything more about said water until I was in the kitchen when it was raining cats, dogs, and squirrels. I then realized water was somehow gushing out of a nail hole in my wall. You see this wall is below 2 very nice skylights. I knew those bad boys had something to do with it. I immediately jumped on the phone and called around to make some roofing appointments so that I could get quotes and see what the consensus was as well as pricing.  3 different contractors came out, all said it was due to the last roofing company not putting some sort of specialized tar stuff under the shingles that were close to the skylights as well as lack of flashing, and they all gave me prices. A friend of mine had recommended Wilson Roofing because they helped her with some of her rental properties.  Mr. Wilson, the owner of the company, was the person who came out to meet me and check things out. He is a super nice guy.  I can't say I would have picked them just because they had been recommended, but it helped. They were also helped by the fact that they came in as the cheapest quote by about $200 and Mr. Wilson noticed all the same issues as the other roofing companies. Once my decision was made, I made an appointment for them to do the work.  They came out on the day work was scheduled and did an excellent job. I even had a friend who used to be in the construction industry get up on the roof and check things out.  He said all looked good and I haven't had a leak since.
<review# 687,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/25/2012,1/1/2013,57,162,2,10,4>I'm rating on a happy hour stop I made. I didn't even see the food menu, but based on my pleasant experience I'm sure I'll be back. The bar layout is great (just like when it was Hill Street Tavern). It's very a large wrap around bar with a few TVs. Parking is free in the deck with a back entrance from the deck (huge convenience). The drink menu is pretty extensive, nice craft beer selection (although they seemed to be out a handful on my visit) and they do a few beer cocktails, the classics and some creative cocktails as well. Plenty of choices for sure. They weren't busy on my visit and we were attended to nicely by the bartenders. I don't have too much to input, just got good vibes from the place and I'd like to see it live a lot longer than poor Hill Street Tavern (which I also liked). It's clean, it's easy to get to, nice people and good booze...don't see any problems with that :-)
<review# 688,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2012,12/31/2012,126,292,3,5,5>After reading several reviews and seeing the words "vegan milk shake" I put this place on my radar to try when I'm in the area. On a Friday we were down the road and decided to stop by. I was elated to find a parking spot right in front; the bakery was empty other than the employees working there. It literally took me something like 10 whole minutes to order my milk shake- there were just way too many options for an indecisive girl like me. I finally went with the chocolate milk shake with the chicka stick- think inside of a Butterfinger bar. In retrospect, I think I should've gone with a vanilla milk shake with cookie mixed in, but maybe next time! I enjoyed my milk shake and while there was a pretty good amount of shake to be had, $6+ was a hefty price. I can't wait to come back and try their cookies and whoopie pies.
<review# 689,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2012,12/30/2012,115,91,8,8,6>I've been going on outdoor adventures with le boyfriend and my besties for the past couple of months and visiting all these state parks has me newly appreciating GA's natural beauty. So this past Sunday afternoon, my boyfriend took me here, we were supposed to spend half the day here (canoeing and hiking), but he was on CP time, and we didn't get there until 3ish. So we just rented a canoe for $10 for one hour ($20 for 4 hrs, which is a great bargain).  They also have kayaks, flatboats and peddle boats for rental too, for the same amount. You can fish here or set up a little picnic tableNow, as I had prepared for a full day at the park, I brought our bottles of water, bag of pistachios and a bowl of curried lentils for sustenance.  It's not as romantic as it sounds, though.  Well, it still was I guess; but I must tell you all that eating from the same bowl of soup on a canoe in a lake is hard. So...don't do that.Anyway, we canoed around the lake for about one hour, which is plenty of time I think.  It was a beautiful fall afternoon- sunny, chilly and a little windy.  I had a blast and I can't wait to come here and spend a full day, hiking and canoeing.
<review# 690,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2012,12/29/2012,62,94,,4,5>Currently one of my favorite restaurants in Atlanta.  The food is phenomenal and the servers are very knowledgable and helpful with wine pairings.  Which is great, because I'm not.  The hands-down favorite dish of mine is the chorizo and figs.  Paired with a bottle of Tempranillo (or whatever my server recommended) it is heavenly.  I even asked them to "BRING ME MORE FIGS" done in my best 'kingly' voice (kidding, maybe) because the pairing with the wine was so on point.  Can't even remember what else was had.  The atmosphere is trendy and sexy.  The wait can be atrociously long and the bar is packed.  With hot people.  Definitely get a reservation if you can help it.
<review# 691,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2012,12/28/2012,117,86,7,8,6>Miller Union is one of my favorite farm-to-table concepts in town. It's a great space for a cozy gathering of family and friends. The cocktails and the wine selections are solid, and the food is comforting in a simple understated way. The service is great - friendly and knowledgeable.The menu is seasonal and changes often but overall, it's not too much of a stretch to find paleo-friendly items on the dinner menu. On my last visit, I ordered pan-fried chicken with wild mushrooms and chestnut puree ($24?) along with a side of roasted brussels sprouts.The lunch menu on the other hand, is much more challenging. Paleo-friendly options were few and far between on the several occasions that I visited for lunch. You can make do but expect to spend a whole lot more because you'll have to order multiple dishes to make a decent filling lunch.
<review# 692,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2012,12/27/2012,47,112,5,8,5>I simply loved it. We stumbled in after seeing the sign en route to Chopatti, & decided to try something new. We were a little wide-eyed & confused, but our server patiently explained to us that we didn't need to pick out anything. What! It takes me forever to decide what I want to eat, so this thrilled me. When I said we needed veganized food (& explained what should be left out just to be safe), she quickly told us that was no problem at all.The complaints of the price are a little annoying. Yes, it's $15 for dinner. But my husband & I haven't had that much food for $30 in ages. It's essentially all you can eat, & includes everything from appetizer to dessert. If anything, that's a bargain. The food quality was fantastic. We didn't experience some of the problems others had... it was delicious, hot, & fast. We will ansolutely be going back.
<review# 693,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2012,12/26/2012,322,320,6,10,7>I made it out to mangos in August. School had just started at GSU and the streets were packed with students. I got my Caribbean friend to meet me here as a litmus test. We were both able to find parking on the street very close by. scoutmob brought us here. So I was waiting for my friend, I overheard the owner tell some patrons that he is the chef and that he is the best chef in the world. I thought this was funny and couldn't wait to make a decision. Most of the clientele seemed like they were people who worked in the surrounding area. We came right near the end of lunch. Btw their lunch specials are a good deal.I got the brown curry chicken and my friend got jerk chicken. It came with seasoned rice, cabbage, and plantains. The portions were pretty big. My friend approved, and i enjoyed my meal. She even liked mine more :) I did pick out a lot of bones though. We both got a mango lemonade but it wasn't really for me. The service is ok, the girls are nice but sometimes hard to find. I am glad she recommended brown curry for me though, thanks!  We paid at the counter, and as we were leaving there was a Jamaican lady on the phone and yelling at some boys who just came in to not make a mess. It was really cute. The bathroom is a little old. not the best. I think i will be back even without scoutmob because it has good food, big portions, and it is laid back. I'll probably pick up lunch next time.
<review# 694,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2012,12/25/2012,172,244,6,5,5>Dear Mr. Chef Hector Santiago... I love your food, I love the drinks on the menu, I love the atmosphere, I love how close you are to me.  I love that you love me too.  I know this because...YOUR COCONUT BUNS ARE AVAILABLE HERE TOO!!!The ones I dream about.Let me calm down a minute.I love love love the pork belly coconut buns that are available at Super Pan.  Imagine my delight when I went to Pura Vida for a late dinner only to find them available here...  ***Let the dream sequence commence***Yes, I do dream about these.But we had other food too.  And every bite was so good.. you know the bite where, even before you swallow you want the other person to try the food you are eating?  You know... the thought "OMG he has got to try this before I demolish it."  That thought? Yeah...They were outta the tamales which saddens me, one of my favorite foods is tamales... but it's my fault that I wasn't there earlier.  I live with that everyday.We finished with the churros and hot chocolate.seriously stomach is grumbling... seriously.
<review# 695,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2012,12/24/2012,48,110,3,7,7>I don't understand the bad reviews here resulting in the 3 star restaurant rating because this place is AWESOME!Since we live in the same neighborhood, my partner and I walked to No Mas! yesterday on a Wednesday evening. There was a nice, lively diverse crowd in the restaurant. They have a wonderful covered patio, but it was too hot for me (around 85 degrees) so we opted to sit inside at a booth. As other Yelpers have mentioned, the restaurant is absolutely beautifully decorated, think Mexican-resort like, very relaxing. Great place to go if you want to impress a date or just have a night out with friends or out-of-town guests.Our server was really nice and attentive, but not overbearing. I ordered the coconut margarita and it was FANTASTIC! One of the best margaritas I've ever had! And they're pretty strong too. Good thing we walked LOL.FOOD: Our appetizer was tortilla chips with melted queso, guacamole, and salsa. ALL DELICIOUS! We ordered the "Fajitas for 2." It consisted of steak, shrimp, and chicken and was brought out to our table sizzling on a hot skillet. Toppings included cheese, re-fried beans, rice, sour cream, guacamole, tomatoes, grilled onions & green peppers.All the food tasted fantastic! And the "Fajitas for 2" will easily feed 3 people. I had low expectations after reading the Yelp reviews for No Mas!, but the negative reviews simply do not hold true, in my opinion.We also used a LivingSocial voucher which gave us half off everything and I had no problem redeeming it. My experience here was so good I bought a second voucher from LivingSocial, so I will be returning back here soon when my brother comes to town. CAN'T WAIT! (Check out my photos!)
<review# 696,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2012,12/23/2012,55,190,6,3,3>This place is just cool.  In fact so cool I doubt my late review is going to be cool enough to be associated with it.  First it is hidden under the Taco Mac you got to go under it to get in.  Almost like going to a speak easy.  You gotta show your Taco Mac Card and have a minimum number of beers on it.  I think the number is 10, but I may be misremembering.  Anyway you go in an choose where to sit.  There are tables in the center a lounge area in back along with the bar but the cool place to sit are the tables along the side which you can cordon off with your own curtains COOL!!  The menu is an iPad which is kinda cool and they serve a little more upscale menu of food than whats available in the Taco Mac upstairs.  However is you go to a Taco Mac for food your what we politely call a idiot.  You went to Taco Mac for beer and cool beer at that which is where the Fred excels.  About 10 taps with a nice mix of limited releases, some cellared which will have a few surprises, a Belgium or 2 and at least one beer for the hop-head snob who you want to shake and go dude Belgium rocks and hops aren't the only thing in the world but your too dumb to understand that and I hope you choke on that super rare variety of Galaxy hops you swear is the best even though its not really that rare and the only good beer with it "Tall Grass 8bit Pale Ale" isn't available here idiot.  I guess I digressed a little bit there but they do have taps hitting the major styles and a few bombers none of which is available upstairs or probably with any regularity in the area.  The pricing is higher you pay for quality and stopping looking at me because I hurt your Galaxy hop sensibilities.  Grow a pair hop-head.  At any rate this is a good place to go and even with a poorly punctuated grammatically challenged review you should see you should give it a try and hopefully decide to give the hop-head snob a dressing down.  Cheers
<review# 697,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2012,12/22/2012,61,96,,5,2>I've been dying to go here ever since I found out about it, so I was really excited when a friend selected this spot for her farewell dinner.It's a little tricky to find this place if you're not familiar with the area, but it's tucked up on Peachtree across from Lenox Square mall. The entrance makes you feel like you're walking up to a ride at Disney World, but it's all part of the experience.Inside, it is clearly a pirate-themed restaurant. There's a pirate ship in the middle, with booths and tables scattered throughout. Downstairs, there's love jazz (which is phenomenal), and more tables. For our group of 5, we sat downstairs at a round table -- although if I came with a smaller group, I'd op for one of the booths.Our waiter took the time to explain fondue and how to order it, especially for a group like ours. We ordered the Swiss cheese fondue, two of the Mandrain fondues, and one order of the Chinese dumplings. I could have done without the dumplings, but everything (especially the beef in Mandrain fondue) was exceptional. It was definitely enough for 5 people.The only downside to Dante's is that because of the novelty of this place, it is a little bit pricey. Maybe not a weekly spot, but great for social dinners and occassions. I'd love to come here for Valentine's Day or my birthday. ....Fondue and live jazz? Yes please!
<review# 698,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2012,12/20/2012,96,93,,5,5>Brilliant!There's so much to like about this place below the Georgian Terrace.  I've been twice and this could easily become my regular spot for after work cocktails and a quick tasty bite.Starting with the aesthetics, I'm hooked.  There's a sidewalk level entrance on Ponce with only the small P&P sign hanging above the door.  I've seen the speakeasy description used many times, and that's precisely the feel, at least from the outside looking in.  You can also valet park at the hotel for 3hours at no charge, which in midtown, is a huge bonus.  Once entering P&P, you'll find a warm, dimly lit, unpretentious space with an L-shaped bar, concrete floor, exposed brick, some taller tables, some banquette seating and a little semi-private cove with a sofa...something for everyone.  The mixologists (a word i'm beginning to despise from overuse, btw, but for now, it's the most fitting) are masterful and I totally approve of the cocktail selection.  I haven't had anything from the menu that wasn't interesting and enjoyable, and if you're lucky enough to sit at the bar and watch the professionals work their magic, all the better.   My favorites are The Retox (tequila, maple, heat), Such Sweet Breath (vodka, hibiscus, honey), the Southern 75 (bourbon, some syrup thingy, lemon, IPA), Professor's Speculation (bourbon, grapefruit) and their Negroni is some herby, bitter, floral deliciousness.I think Proof & Provision's selection of bites is perfect for the place.  With the luxe Livingston, one floor up, it makes sense.  And who knew piping hot, rosemary salted almonds could be so good...and addictive?  Think local on the charcuterie and cheeses and let your server pick their favorites for you.  P&P also has a selection of sandwiches, most of which I've sampled, but my favorite is Chef Z's Grilled Cheese.  He nails it with the fontina and the truffle butter and it makes no sense NOT to add the bacon.  They've got a decent selection of French bread pizzas and that bread pudding ...  omg, hold me back.  If I had to sum up the menu, both cocktails and food, I'd say that it's delightfully fun.I'm such a fan of the non-pretentious, almost whimsical approach here.  I'm enchanted by Proof & Provision and I think it's a clear reflection of Chef Zeb Stevenson's talent.  You can feel his vision and it's extremely well executed.  I've got a major crush on Proof & Provision, but I'm willing to share.
<review# 699,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/5/2012,12/19/2012,26,42,3,6,2>Highland Bakery takes me through the range of emotions... I get excited when I know I'm going. I get upset when I think about it and can't go (like right now).  I get jealous when people I know go. I get sad when my meal is over. Yes folks, it is that good. Whether it be the sweet potato pancakes or the french toast (beware of the GIGANTIC serving size), you can't go wrong here. Service is hit or miss, parking can be a pain, it is loud, there will be a line, but all of this pales in comparison to the food!
<review# 700,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2012,12/18/2012,89,423,5,10,9>Holy. Mambo. Taxi.I guess it's been a while since I've eaten something I really enjoy. I mean I eat out a lot, and all the food I eat is definitely good stuff, but I found myself shoveling food into my mouth at Mi Cocina last night. It was THAT GOOD. Serious bonus point for giving my friend and I our own personal salsa bowls. The salsa tasted super fresh and little spicy...but above all else it was a plan and simple salsa. And it was basically the salsa of my dreams. We ordered queso blanco, and it's a little different than other places -they fill theirs chock full of peppers and onions. No complaints here! I've heard a lot about the Mambo Taxi ($8) which is their signature margarita. It's basically a frozen margarita + sangria mixed in, which just so happens to be my favorite drink at any mexican restaurant. And it didn't disappoint... I loved every sip. My friend got the Dilemma ($10) which was 3 flavors of margarita layered in a tall glass. She said it was delicious, but I also loved that our server, Terrence, showed us the proper technique of drinking a dilemma to get all the flavors in one sip. There were so many things on the menu that I wanted to try, but I ended up with the 50/50 fajitas sunset style. Their fajitas are served "dry" or in other words, not on a sizzling/steaming hot cast iron plate thing. My fajitas were AMAZING. I could not stop eating. They were served with guac, and it too was amazing... super fresh, nice chunks of avocado...yum. I was also convinced to get a side of cream sauce, their version of sour cream, and that was also really incredible. On top of everything else, the decor is pretty awesome. All the chairs and couches are a white leather, and the artwork and light fixtures were all classy, modern, and colorful. They have done a great job... I would totally host an event here. I'd recommend reservations if you have a group (i.e. 3 or more) as we saw lots of groups sitting around in the bar area waiting for tables. Not that this is a bad thing...more margaritas for you! Service was great, I will definitely ask to sit in Terrence's section next time. He was incredibly friendly and helpful, and totally sold me on the Mi Cocina concept. But, I don't need much convincing. I will absolutely be back...probably more often than I need to be!
<review# 701,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2012,12/17/2012,1772,1772,7,18,12>WOW! Food Truck is known for its arepas, which are Venezuelan/Colombian corn cakes that can be paired with a variety of ingredients to make a quick-and-easy, sandwich-like dish.  WOW! griddles their gluten-free corn cake patties and serves four different kinds of arepas:Smoked PorkBrisket & CheddarChicken Breast SofritoVeggie - mozzarella, basil, and sofrito(Sofrito is a Latin blend of herbs and spices.)I've tried the Smoked Pork and Brisket & Cheddar arepas and think they're absolutely delicious.  The Smoked Pork is their most popular arepa.  The secret may be in their homemade special "Kicky" sauce, which they add to each arepa.  The Kicky sauce is a creamy mix of cilantro and jalapeno and the cooks generously slather it on, which can make for a somewhat messy food experience.The arepas are small, about the size of a McDonald's Sausage Biscuit.  In fact, the corn patties somewhat resemble biscuits in size, color, and shape.  The consistency is completely different of course.  The corn cakes themselves are more dense, tastier, and a bit sweeter than bread.  Both the pork and beef brisket are pulled, generous portions provided, and the meats are savory.WOW! advertises the arepas as "Venezuelan Sliders."  You can get one for $4 or two for $7.  The truck has a $7 credit card minimum.Arepas are just part of the menu.  WOW! offers $7.50 bowls containing a variety of ingredients, mainly their roasted potatoes and smoked meats + cheese and sauces.  They also have $3 sides such as cilantro cumin slaw, garlic mashed potatoes, and black eyed pea salad.  Desserts include under-$2 donuts and cookies.  Their donuts are popular.The service is friendly and the food comes out in a reasonable amount of time.WOW!'s food truck really stands out.  It's big, bright, and loud with it's bold red paint job and large comic-book-like graphics.The arepas have made me a fan and I will be coming back for more.
<review# 702,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2012,12/16/2012,243,486,7,9,8>Charming (petit) atmosphere, lovely (and by that I mean both attractive and polite) service, delicious food. Most wonderfully light, creamy grits, almost like a cheese souffle. Apparently the grits are cheese free, but I could swear they were cheesy. Delicious either way. Grit stack is dense caloric heaven. What happened to that panini? It was inhaled. It would be great if they had a green side salad as an option. The "fruit salad" is actually a tiny ramekin of bananas, chocolate sauce and whipped cream. It's yummy, but I was envisioning a proper portion of berries and such, so was a bit perplexed.I could stand to have stronger lemon-free iced tea in a glass with refills instead of ready made ones in the fridge, but other than that, c'est magnifique.PS They have a glass jar of dog treats by the door, and some look like cookies. If this were a bar, it would be funny to watch drunk peeps eating dog biscuits.Cheers~
<review# 703,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2012,12/15/2012,354,392,6,9,7>We got married at Cator Woolford Gardens in May of 2010, and it was a wonderful, lovely experience we will never forget.  I always swore I would never have an outdoor wedding because I'm a sweaty Yankee by nature, but we just fell in love with the area.   The grounds are beautiful,  the accommodations made available to us were great (valet complete with long golf carts to take people to/from wedding site, place for caterers to do their thing, money going to a good cause, etc.).   We got to do what we wanted for the most part- other venues nearby made you do things their way or the highway.  I would absolutely recommend getting hitched here!
<review# 704,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2012,12/14/2012,17,20,22,5,2>I've been to a few Ethiopian restaurants and I can say with confidence that Queen of Sheba is number one in my heart. And I live next to a completely different Ethiopian restaurant, but I will still spend the extra ten minutes driving here because of one small, beautiful detail.What Prince of Shiva will do that not many other Ethiopian restaurants choose to is that they dump whatever you order unceremoniously onto a large, unrolled pad of injera bread. So while you're busy munching away through another culture's heritage, the injera is soaking up all the delicious meat juices, quietly swelling with flavor. And when you have finished devouring your meal, dessert is hiding at the bottom, waiting for your nimble hands to tear off as much as you possibly can before your sluggish and unprepared dinner guests can slam their fat meat paws onto the table and grope at whatever shreds of injera you leave behind.But there are problems with Quiz of Shingles. For one, they insist on giving you the tallest straws imaginable, easily exceeding the height of the glassware. The straws have no bend in them whatsoever. They are only appropriate for giraffes in cervical collars.Another issue I have is the space itself. When you enter King of Zebras, you must go down an empty hallway, with your only companions being the two faceless manikins at the end, beckoning you to come closer to them so they can melt your face away and force you to stand with them for eternity in silent horror. At least, that's the feeling I get.Game of Thrones also plays what I assume to be Ethiopian 80's music. It's like American 80's music, in that it is terrible. THE B-52'S ARE AN AWFUL BAND.
<review# 705,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2012,12/13/2012,245,301,9,8,10>My obsession with growlers is starting to border on fetishism. When I walked into Hop City for the first time I'm sure my face lit up like Charlie walking into the Chocolate Factory. There may have been a moderate amount of victory dancing when I saw the wall of taps. 60 of them to be precise. My sheer excitement caused my eyes to glaze over and ignore everything else the store had to offer.On subsequent visits, I've come to appreciate some of Hop City's other offerings. I don't brew my own beer, but if I did this would be my spot. They have more brewing supplies (grains, different yeast strains, hardware, etc.) than anywhere else in town. The bottled selection is excellent, and they have some really rare finds. They also have a solid wine selection if your pants are feeling fancy.The staff is knowledgeable and quick to help if you have any questions. The pricing is on par with the competition, and in the case of growlers: ahead of the competition. They schedule classes and tastings regularly. Parking is free in the gigantic lot behind the building.I am having a hard time imagining a better beer buying experience. Cheers to you Hop City!
<review# 706,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2012,12/12/2012,163,191,6,13,12>Ive been meaning to come by here after I bookmarked this place when it was ROTD recently.  Just so happens.... it's July 4th, I was looking for a bite after studying, I'm in the neighborhood(first time) AND it was the only thing open.  The cosmos was talkin' to me.... you saw that, right?  We ordered the Lamb Burger and a *make your own* chicken salad sammich with smoked gouda and deli dills.  Oh! and a Thai Chili gazpacho.  Absolutely fabulous!!  This place took us completely by surprise.  We split the two sandwiches and still ended up taking them home, they give you ample servings.  The gazpacho was good but we were filled on our halves.  Customer service was great, despite our walking in 30mins prior to closing.*sorry*  I can see this being one of those places where you miss out on so many great things listed on the menu because you loved your first meal so much!!  You know, that place where you have every intention on trying new things but you punk out at the last second because you're craving that bite you came for?  Well, I will be back and I will try not to make that mistake.
<review# 707,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2012,12/11/2012,102,68,19,14,11>After putting off making a budget for about seven years, I was beside myself when I realized that my dining expenses roughly equal the GDP of Vatican City. Since then, La Pastorcita has become the nexus of the world in which it dine out...at least until I start getting paid more.Every single taco pleases me. The tongue taco is one of the best I've ever had. The atmosphere is as inviting as my abuelita's kitchen. On a recent Sunday evening, there was a raucous all-ages crowd soaking in a soccer game, and I was welcomed with cheers.* The best part: I can get out for under six bucks including an horchata. PS- I had one of the tortas once. Meh. *The cheers might not have been for me. And while the hospitable disposition of La Pastorcita's staff and clientele might be related to my Latino heritage, my non-Spanish-speaking friends have also reported feeling at ease.
<review# 708,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/15/2012,12/10/2012,124,182,11,6,6>I've always loved the idea of bars filled with arcade games.  I'm not into video games nowadays (my last system was a Sega Genesis), but I love the nostalgic aspect of it all.  Also, it's a fun way to pass the time with friends.The worst version of this concept is something like Dave and Buster's, where you can technically drink, but there are underage kids (and sometimes actual kids) running around all over the place.  Also, I don't like to waste my time with ticket-based games.  Only skee-ball is acceptable there.Joystick Game Bar is the best type of arcade bar, in that it's got a selection of old games and good drinks.  It's heavy on the nostalgic games, like pac-man and rampage, but it also has Street Fighter and Mortal Kombat 2.I would like to give this place 5 stars but I feel like they could use a few more games.  I know that the space isn't exactly huge, but just a few more games would really make this place a go-to for me.Random side story: When I first went here, I played Mortal Kombat 2 (my favorite arcade game growing up).  Some dude was just destroying everybody time and time again, as if he had been practicing all his life.  He remembered every fatality for every character in the game, and even played Shang Tsung often.  You don't play Shang Tsung unless you know what you're doing.
<review# 709,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2012,12/9/2012,193,304,6,7,7>This is one of the three or four big name steakhouses in Atlanta.  The atmosphere of the dining room is not as austere as more traditional places often are.  The dining room is very dim, buzz factor is high and there's a nice lounging area outside for smoking cigars.  The large portrait of Kevin Rathbun hanging on the wall is characterful if a little creepy.  I've eaten aged and non-aged steaks here of a number of varieties.  I always felt the food just meets the high expectations you are bound to come with.  The steaks are good, just not the most amazing steak for the price (starting from about $50).  The 8 or so sauces you can select to enhance the flavor often steal the show.  I am not a purist when it comes to steaks so this is okay, though a couple times I feel like this is no different than getting a good steak entree from Rathbun's just down the street (which is excellent), if I have to dress the steak with truffle or blue cheese butter.  The side dishes on the other hand really shine, showcasing the powerful flavoring that Rathbun is known for.  I highly recommend getting a number of side dishes among the table to share.  Everything from the sonoma mushrooms, brussels sprouts with bacon, jalapeno creamed corn, to the heart-attack inducing mashed potatoes with butter emphasis on the butter, are luxuriously seasoned and beautifully executed, classic Rathbun.  The bar is there to give you what you need, which at a place where many people are eating off expense account means expensive wine and simple stiff expensive browns.  Mixed drinks can be made when instructed to but nothing interesting is presented to you.  Meets high expectations.  Rarely see occasions to eat here or crave the food.
<review# 710,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2012,12/8/2012,56,39,,7,3>Okay, so my five stars may seem a bit overboard, but it's more than just the restaurant and the food (realistically, four stars).  It gets five stars for the hole it filled in my heart (and stomach).  New restaurants come to Midtown seemingly everyday.  Another fancy Italian place?  Seen it already.  Fancy/modern tacos?  Been there, done that.  The biggest thing lacking in Midtown was a no-frills, rice-and-beans Mexican restaurant.  FROGS is there, but I've been warned against it repeatedly.  When Senor Patron opened, I was afraid it would be some other fancy take on Mexican, or tapas or some crap.  But it's just exactly the Mexican joint I've been wanting!  The perfect hangover food.I had a combination plate ($8.95!!!, as it should be) of tamale, burrito, and rice and beans.  I couldn't finish my dinner, which literally happens to me at most once a year.  Everything was really good - completely unpretentious and competent Mexican food, which is a huge complement.  Rice and beans running together, melted cheese on my burrito.  Mmmmm...Didn't try the margaritas.  Nor dessert, but they looked amazing.  Senor Patron, welcome to the neighborhood.  Please stay.
<review# 711,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2012,12/7/2012,338,442,2,8,5>Kansas City Strip. Get it. It's their signature cut. Don't let yourself whine about getting a mediocre ribeye when you go to Parker's- get the Kansas City Strip. You've been warned. Don't blame anyone but yourself if you find yourself whining... :-)  I've been a repeat offender when it comes to this cut of meat over the past few years, and I've never regretted it. Tonight was no exception. Everything about the steak was as good as it could get. Seasoning with salt and pepper was just right, steak was cooked perfectly medium as I requested, and I was able to taste the (juicy, juicy) meaty flavors of this particular cut. For $28, it's pretty reasonable for a 16 oz thick cut of this steak (and a side of broccoli/mashed potatoes/or hash browns). On top of the fact that everything about the steak itself is basically perfect. They may not use USDA prime, but honestly, I don't think they need to.  It's that good, peoples.
<review# 712,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2012,12/6/2012,234,141,21,12,13>I am totally aware of the other hundreds of reviews Antico has. And, I don't know if I really have anything to add with all that's already been said. I have always come here between 3 and 5 o'clock. I've never experienced a crowd. Usually, we're the only ones in the place. The service? Sometimes, can be just down right rude. But lemme get right down to why I am giving Antico 5 stars.It's so stupid addicting.*** I blame Antico for my recent massive weight gain. ~It's all your fault, damnit. ~I love you. ~I dream of you. ~I can never have enough of you.
<review# 713,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/5/2012,12/5/2012,67,441,,5,4>The first time we visited We Suki Suki the following things happened:1) I didn't believe that was really the name, but believed once we got to the store front. It's easier to spot by the "Buford Hwy EAV" sign at the top of the building.2) I ordered a tofu banh mi and Hubby D ordered a traditional. Also, coconut juice from the coconut. 3) Hubby D took a bite of my sandwich and immediately wrapped up his traditional to take home and ordered another lemongrass tofu sandwich. Yes, they are that good.4) We vowed to come back the next weekend and we did. Other things you should know:1) The store is tiny, so be prepared to eat outdoors or get your food to go. There's not a lot of seating outside and it's shared with the store next door. 2) The owner is awesome and super friendly and chatty.3) If you're first in line you may not be served first, the banh mi (s) are cooked up in batches depending on how easy they are to get out the door and how many of what have been ordered. 4) Don't forget to pay! (Also in batches.)It's a great experience, great food, crazy atmosphere, and good prices for the location.
<review# 714,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2012,12/4/2012,29,74,8,9,9>ER MEH GERD. It's late. I'm tired from work but not tired enough to go to sleep. As I step up onto the Star Bar patio, there is a delightful tinge of grilled onion to the air. What, there's a late night hot dog stand here all of a sudden? Why did no one do this sooner? This guy is going to make a million bucks!Astro Dog offers all-beef and veggie dogs with all the toppings and stuff, including the unorthodox but delightful Seattle-style dog, which features cream cheese and grilled onions. I never ate a hot dog in Seattle, but this one is good with Sriracha. Dogs run from $2.50 to $4. Bring ya money.
<review# 715,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/3/2012,12/3/2012,135,560,5,11,4>Went there for Labor day with the family. Although I still think that it is quite pricey for $35 a pop, I most definitely enjoyed it anyway. This is my second time here. The last time was the first year this place opened, and I can tell you that the only thing that changed is that they used to have 2 Beluga white wales, and now there are 4, and they now have those mechanic walkways on the tube thingy... haha you'll understand when you see.I suggest to take your time walking around and soak it in. People will always block your view so if you are not short on time, you can wait around more. If you are going to bring the toddlers, go ahead and get one of those umbrella-strollers. NOT the big heavy duty strollers. There are a lot of people, a lot of stop and go, some stairs here and there, and the lighter you travel, the better. They do not confiscate drinks so load up on those too because drinks in the onsite cafeteria is quite pricey. Bring your own snacks as well, since onsite food can be quite pricey and the food quality is not that great. They have a salad bar at .56 cents per ounce. That's like $8-$9 in reality and they weigh everything including the salad dressing! The best deal is the hamburger at $6. The burger is quite small, but we requested for lettuce and onions via the deli at no extra cost, and if you get it from the salad bar, they will try to charge you. I had chicken tenders at about $6 and you get four pieces, but they were not very tasty. The fries were $4 an order, and its not even that much. My fave was the mac and cheese in a cup for $4. I got it from the bbq stand. It was the most decent tasting food item. So for all of that, that's a $20 meal for two people, and Im telling you, it was not all that great. More seats are available upstairs btw.As for the walk, I suggest to start with the Tropical River side and work your way around, and dont forget the frogs upstairs. Make sure you have time to see the Dolphin Tales, which we got for free today. I thought there was always a fee for that? Anyways, I suggest to go see it since it will entertain everyone in the family. I just wish they would lower the volume when the guy sings... it was a bit too loud. Come in for the appointed time at the least 15-20 min early if you want to get better seats, and make sure to use the restrooms before you get in because once the show starts, it is dark and loud, and the ushers are hard to find. Come in prepared, camera ready, lots of patience and energy, extra drinks and snacks from home, and travel light. There are parking spots for cheap all over the place. I suggest the one by the Tabernacle for $5 and only a couple blocks away.
<review# 716,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/5/2012,12/2/2012,13,59,4,10,6>So how is it that there is an Vietnamese restaurant in Atlanta that has been open for 13 years, has crocodile on the menu (yes, crocodile), and not  a single Yelper seems to know about it?Well... it might have something to do with the fact that Thanh Thanh is not in the most visible of spots, it looks closed even when it's open, and they keep some crazy hours (forget what's posted on the door, I can assure you that they open and close whenever they want to). I tried to eat here off and on for 4 months before the stars finally aligned and I was able  to have lunch here the other day. Located on Jonesboro Road not far from the well reviewed Pho Daloi #1,  Thanh Thanh is an under the radar bastion of authentic cuisine that goes far beyond the standard Com, Pho, and Bún dishes that seem to dominate the menus of so many of the popular Vietnamese restaurants.  The aforementioned crocodile as well as frog legs, sweet snail salad, goat hot pot, intestine with mustard greens, pork blood pudding, rabbit in curry, rock hen, etc. are just some of the offerings in the large, and a little pricey, 'traditional Vietnamese' section of the menu. They also have a lot of seafood soups, a good selection of Bánh mì sandwiches as appetizers, and a few other dishes with that same French Colonial influence. The menu at Thanh Thanh is big and it takes a little while to get through it all.Thanh Thanh is a husband/wife owned business and unless you can speak Vietnamese then he'll probably be the one waiting on you. He's a very kind and soft spoken man but don't eat here if you're in a hurry. I suspect that he cooks and waits tables at the same time so as you can imagine, nothing happens quickly around there. Getting down to the food, I started off with a Vietnamese iced coffee. I've been hooked on these ever since I first had one more than 20 years ago but Thanh Thanh does something a little different in that they make it for you in the kitchen and don't bring the drip filter to the table. For a starter I had my eye on the bánh mì dac biet, which was listed as a mixed pork hams sandwich, but they were out of bread so I did something kind of lame and just ordered spring rolls. They were delicious though, definitely made to order, and the vermicelli noodles were soft and still a little warm. For lunch I ordered the Pho Tai and the sweet snail salad. I figured people would want to know about the Pho and I was also curious to see what their version of it would be like. It was delicious but a lot simpler and the flavors more delicate than at your average Pho restaurant. The broth was more clear with a very faint scent of fish sauce and the Pho spices (star anise, cinnamon, etc) were scaled back quite a bit. The flavors were clean, the beef was excellent, and I really liked it.The sweet snail salad was a lively blend of fresh herbs,peanuts, and thin slices of what I think was conch meat. The dressing was sesame oil based, both sweet and savory, and had just the right amount of kick to it. It really complimented the salad well.Thanh Thanh is the kind of place that it would take many, many, return visits to really start to scratch the surface of all they have to offer. Naturally you may not have the time to drive all that way only to find it closed but after talking to the owner it seems like evenings are the best time to check out Thanh Thanh...Friday in particular. They stay open late and offer Karaoke (both in English and Vietnamese).
<review# 717,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2012,12/1/2012,122,259,4,6,3>Bahel....why am I just now discovering you?  Either way, in true maniacal fashion, now that I have discovered this tiny little restaurant of Ethiopian goodness, I am pleased to report that Bahel is awesome for dining in, and take out.    I love injera and was secretly scared that I would get cheated when I placed my first of many takeout orders.  I was very pleased to open up the bag and see numerous rolls of spongy sourish bread.  YAY!!!So yes, like the other posters have noticed, it is tiny inside, but not unbearably so. I rather like sitting outside, it's much more fun to sip a St. George, watch the traffic and make up fantastical stories about the motley crew of fellow diners while eagerly awaiting my food. What to order?  For me, the fish shiro is the jam.  I'd never had it, typically I'm getting some lamb tibs, but I've been on a fish bent lately, and this was a jackpot.  So many pieces of crispy fish, all mixed into a garlicky tomato and chickpea sauce.  And it wasn't greasy, prompting my sister and I to  foolishly think....this isn't bad for the diet....well, minus the fact that the portion size was ginormous.  We also had a veggie sampler, which made the meal more like a feast for six than a lunch for two, but who cares.  My favorites were the yellow lentils, perfectly seasoned and somehow creamy with a bit of bite, and the collard greens, which definitely still had some texture.  I hate it when they are stewed down and get soft like boiled spinach.  Service is friendly, food is delish....what's not to love?  This is my new official top spot for Ethiopian...and while I'm a fan of all the other places in the vicinity, somebody in the kitchen at Bahel is working things all the way out, and I love it!  I have called a few times for the fish with shiro and they didn't have it....but the zilzil, awaze and derek tibs are all good, you can't go wrong with any of the veggies, and the sambucas are a great way to get your lentil fix.  Bahel is yummy plain and simple.  I'm dying to get back to try their breakfast.
<review# 718,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2012,11/30/2012,89,103,1,8,6>I was already a fan of this coffee shop, however the constant battle for tables and parking in decatur has bumped this spot from my go to coffee spot. However, a miracle happened when this location was built a mere few miles from my house. Read my past reviews and you will find I'm on a quest to find the perfect coffee shop in Atlanta, I've seen some come close and others miss the mark like whoa. I'd rate this outlet a good solid 4, the design is lovely, but is clearly meant to be a smaller version of their decatur mainstayImportant sidenote: The staff told me that this space is temporary and there will be a 2000 square foot spot as well as this quick stop and go space as Ponce City Market evolves. There's all the same amazing drinks as the other location, limited baked goods and (right now) limited inside seating, 5 seats along the bar and that's it. I went in the middle of the afternoon on a Monday and found it to be a great experience but am curious to see how it is on a busy saturday morning.The porch space is a lovely feature, it's not ideal for working but definitely is a great place to visit with someone, the rocking chairs are amazing and the grass to keep the mosquitos away is ideal in this august heat. This space will be screened in soon to adapt for the winter months. This is beyond awesome. On the flipside, be warned, this place is brand new and there is still a lot of work going on next door at the ponce city market space so it's a toss up if inside or outside is quieter. For me loudish is fine but I know my style isn't for everyone.All in all I'm a fan, the coffee is great, the baristas are friendly and don't give me lectures about coffee unless I ask and they were playing Fleetwood Mac. Can't wait to come back
<review# 719,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2012,11/29/2012,68,47,2,7,7>I heard lots of great reviews about Yogurberry, and finally got to try it.Parking isn't the most obvious, but apparently you can just park in front of the valet and they won't mind if you tell them you are going in for some yogurt. There is also a parking deck nearby.Walking in, you'll notice the yogurt BEHIND the counter. Unlike other popular yogurt shops, Yogurberry is not self-serve. Personally, I think that gives this place its charm and originality, simply because you have someone create the perfect swirl(s) of yogurt into your cup, and load it with as many toppings you want. Also, the workers there are super friendly. I've never felt so welcome in a yogurt shop and been encouraged to try more samples! Usually, I feel bad about squeezing the multiple dollops of yogurt into my sample cup...As for taste, the original tart is spot on. Tangy, bright, but yet so creamy. Taro is great too, especially with mochi as one of your toppings!I am definitely going to have to go back for more, and even try one of their coffee drinks and bubble teas!P.S- you will be lucky to meet Brian there. He is quite the character to incorporate to your visit for a frozen treat :)
<review# 720,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2012,11/28/2012,70,58,9,11,9>Since changing jobs in early 2011, I've become a more thankful person.I'm thankful for a commute that's been reduced from 50 miles round-trip to about 11.I'm thankful for a company that doesn't assume that your job description includes a 16 hour work day including midnight conference calls with India.I'm thankful for underground parking and being able to walk to lunch with friends and reacquaint myself with Downtown Atlanta's numerous culinary offerings.The only fly in the pumpkin pie of my thankfulness has been the lack of a real Latin restaurant within walking distance. I won't waste words going into another diatribe about the horrible, horrible Mama Ninfas. I've already done it here: yelp.com/biz/mama-ninfasThankfully, Alma Cocina is here to round-off my perfect sphere of thankfulness.First off, they are part of the formidably flavorful Fifth group. You all know their story. The place will be well run and managed and I have not seen otherwise.Secondly, it's a lovely, lovely space. Walk in off the hustle and bustle of Peachtree, just past the desperately seedy charm of Hooters and through the heavy front doors and you are transported into a quiet and cozy, warm and elegant, lush ambiance with red leather and dark brown woods dominating.A long bar stretches out on your right with some seriously comfortable red leather stools standing at ease in a row. Sitting in these makes you feel a little bit like a sea captain on a luxury fishing schooner as you snag and haul in various south-of-the border tid-bits. I am in serious danger of not going back to work whenever I sit at this bar.Lunchtime fare is relatively simple but there's a good deal of variety to please most palates and preferences.The shrimp taquitos are outstanding. Lightly sauteed in a poblano/cilantro broth and piled on a corn tortilla along with some guac, tomatillo, jicama, they are succulent and delicious. The carnitas are less so and lack flavor compared to the shrimp. I have the same criticism of the pork tamale.I am also not a fan of the Chilaquiles because I like my tortilla strips soft and infused with everything else on the plate, not crisp and upstanding like they do it in Central Mexico and at Alma Cocinas.The poblano rice and the black beans that serve as the sides for most items, however, are excellent. There is a slight al-dente texture to the tangy rice that is interesting and goes well with the almost mole like texture of the beans.Several sandwiches are on the menu as well and dining companions have commented favorably on them.The prices are reasonable considering the flavor, quality and service which has been very good every time I visited in spite of the typical downtown lunch rush. There is 'outside' seating in the Atrium and they can accommodate very large parties out there.I'm going to be making a very long speech this thanksgiving.Thank you for reading.;)
<review# 721,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/20/2012,11/27/2012,98,509,3,5,2>I was very excited to try the food at Campagnolo after many visits sipping wine on their patio. I actually don't think I've ever been inside the main restaurant....Started with a caprese salad app that came with massive tomato chunks and a great portion of cheese. Certainly enough for the five of us. I'm more of a "eat the cheese and not the tomato" kind of guy, but the vinaigrette on the tomatoes was excellent with the cheese.We also got the peach bruschetta which was interesting in flavor and texture. Goat cheese and peaches actually go together well on this dish!I'm also a fan of pasta places that let you get smaller portions. For $10 I had the small orecchiette (small ears) pasta dish with house made sausage, broccoli rabe, parmesan, cherry tomatoes. A great pasta dish with a rich and meaty flavor. A great portion for a great price. I certainly could not have eaten more of it. Kev, our server, did an excellent job with a few us showing late and making us feel welcome. He even handled one of my friends spilling a glass of wine with ease. You should have seen my reflexes avoiding the red wine river.  I am fast. To give you a reference point, I'm somewhere between a snake and a mongoose. And a panther.My only pet peeve with this place is their beer glasses. I definitely prefer pint glasses to their oversized champagne flutes. I don't think the glasses hold 16oz either, maybe 14oz. I will be back and I will be on the patio. What will I do in the winter? Don't worry I have a scarf.
<review# 722,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2012,11/26/2012,117,675,2,5,4>What a wonderful gallery!!  This large space, able to accomodate 1,000 visitors, offers a fantastic venue to display large artistic pieces, from notable artists.On the handful of occasions that I have been here, I have been impressed with the quality of the art, and the positive vibe from the other visitors/guests.  Having the opportunity to interact with the artist through personal contact/conversation at the gallery when they have an "open house" is excellent.
<review# 723,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/5/2012,11/25/2012,149,289,9,8,4>So, my friend raved about this place. Said it was somewhere I just HAD to go. That this place was arguably the best pizza place in Atlanta.Uh. Yeah. I'll believe it when I see it, especially considering I'd been in this area a million times going to Church or Sound Table or whatever, and had never been in here.I got the pepperoni. She got the feta and spinach. Baybay. This stuff was good. Like, really good. I tasted her feta and spinach and it made my delicious pepperoni taste like child's play.  The pizza is reminiscent of what you'd get in New York. Thin crust, the best kind of greasy, set in a pizzeria that isn't much to look at, but it gets the job done. Great drunk food, stays open late, but is just as good when you're sober in the daytime.The next time I went, I opted for the feta and spinach and let me tell you: for me to choose a vegetarian option having a truly unholy love of pork, you gotta know, this stuff is good.
<review# 724,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2012,11/24/2012,122,249,1,8,5>I haven't been to Bo Bo in a while for dinner. But after this weekend's meal, I might be back more! Bo Bo used to be a regular joint for hubs and me when we crave Chinese food. When we came on Saturday night (close to 9pm), the joint was still PACKED! Granted, there was a party of sorts on the side dining room. But the main dining area was still all filled. After waiting maybe 10 minutes, we were seated and ordered the following: (this as for 4 people, we're not that piggy, haha). Ginger and scallion lobster- 2 delicious & fresh lobsters for $24. A pretty good deal, if I do say so. Wish there was a little bit more ginger & scallion flavor- there was a bunch of garlic in the dish, which is untraditional. Also, the breading was just a tad bit too heavy, but not bad enough to bring down the dish for me. I was craving lobster, and I'm glad we got this. Black pepper seafood casserole- This was the surprise of the night for me. The seafood consisted of fish, large shrimp, and large scallops (sliced into 3 or 4 pieces). The dish was very flavorful. The only change I'd want is to have less onions for fillers. That, and I don't like onions, haha. I saw other members of our party keep going back for more of this dish, and it was the first to be finished. Beef and tofu skin casserole- This was a kind of new dish that we ordered. We've gotten other variations of beef in the casserole form. The tofu skin was really tasty. The pieces of beef were cut in too big of chunks. But the seasoning was right on. I also found one piece of tendon which was excellente! Pea sprouts with garlic- can't go wrong with this dish. Just wish the price for pea sprouts wasn't so darn expensive. Each dish had a distinct and different flavor. I think this is one of the most authentic Chinese Cantonese-style restaurant you'll find in Atlanta. Even without Chef Danny Ting, Bo Bo Garden is a hit!
<review# 725,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2012,11/23/2012,240,558,8,8,2>About a month prior to my first trip to Cancun, Mexico, what should appear on Groupon but a bikini or Brazilian wax deal at Mint Salon.  Perfect - what better reason to give a full-on Brazilian a try than for Mexico?  None that I can think of, especially after a little more digging on Yelp to verify that they do them well.So last week I called to schedule an appointment with Kent and last night I took the plunge.  Mint's a great little salon.  Very friendly staff who all greeted me when I entered, the receptionist offered me a beverage (no alcohol like my hair salon, but a Diet Coke will always win my approval too), and the whole salon is very clean, modern and upscale looking.Kent came out to get me a few minutes after I arrived and we went back to a private room for the waxing.  After I'd gotten out of my bottoms and draped the towel across my top (more to hold onto for potential pain than any modesty - I mean c'mon I'm there for a Brazilian, after all), he re-entered and we started chatting.  That was probably the best thing he could have done during the entire session.  We talked about what I did, what he did, how we both got to Atlanta, etc and having that as a distraction definitely helped take my mind off the pain I was willingly inflicting on myself in the name of experimentation.  I give Kent huge props though - he's friendly, he's quick, he taught me a lot about waxing and how to take care of myself post-wax, maintain it, how often to come back if I want to do this on a regular basis, and in about 25 minutes, we were all done.  I was slightly sticky from little bits of leftover wax, quite red and tender down there, and still trying to decide if I want to make this part of my regular beauty regimen. The jury's still out on that, but the price was very reasonable and when I checked out they gave me a discount for my next waxing, which I very much appreciated.I certainly recommend Mint Salon, and may very well go back.  Although maybe only for special occasions like bathing-suit oriented vacations, etc.SIde note: if you are going for a full-on Brazilian, pop a couple Ibuprofen beforehand, have some alcohol based toner at home for after, don't shave for at least 2 -3 weeks before (so there's enough hair to pull) and gird your loins in general.  You've been warned.
<review# 726,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/2/2012,11/21/2012,241,644,7,6,5>I love it when a plan comes together. The boss birthday was today. (Tuesday)  So one of the mangers says to me on Saturday, lets do something for him.  Will you pick up a cake from Publix?  I agree to pick up the cake, but also offer up the additional comment that if I have to eat another Publix cake, I am going to go postal in this office. So I go to Mae's Facebook page on Saturday afternoon and received an almost immediate reply that they would be able to prepare a cake for me for pick up on Tuesday.  Just on a whim I contacted Publix and was told they would not be able to provide a cake by Tuesday, but I could buy one of the refrigerated cakes and they would write on it for me. Totally didn't think about the cake again until about 3pm on Monday afternoon, when I realized I hadn't called into Mae's either Saturday or early Monday to order the cake.  I called in and someone got on the phone and asked for my cake order. Knock me over with a feather, you mean to tell me that a bakery can actually bake a cake in less than 24 hours.  What a concept (yes, insert sarcasm).I told her that I would be in to pick the cake up around noon and she assure me it would be ready and gave me directions to the shop.Upon entering I was like OMG this smells like a bakery.  There weren't any people in the shop then, so maybe the newness has worn off, but I was immediately helped, paid for and back out the door with said cake.  I had mentioned to the person that took my order that my boss was a Braves fan, so I was really thrilled that the cake was done in red, white and blue and had a Braves tomahawk design.Great customer service, and thus far I've eaten 3 pieces of that cake.  Everyone in the office was also glad we didn't have to endure another Publix cake...and oh yeah, did I mention, great customer service.Welcome to the Buckhead area @Maes.  I wish you continued success in the gluten free, carb free, sweet free society we all are being forced to dwell in.
<review# 727,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2012,11/20/2012,403,702,4,8,4>I can see why this place continuously receives high ratings. Canoe is a cute restaurant, with an upscale vibe without the snootiness. You can come here and dress up (cocktail dress) or dress down (jeans with a dressy top). Parking: The restaurant has complimentary valet parking. Entrance/seating: Upon entering, you're instantly greeted by a hostess who directs you to your table. We requested indoor seating next to the large windows and received just that. It really is the best seat in the house. You get the view of outside without really being outside.Service: What really blew me away was our server. She was bright, cheerful, and extremely accommodating. I believe "Hope" was her name. She always came at the right moments without being too overwhelming. Food: They offer complimentary bread. They come by and offer you an assortment of bread slices, including sourdough, cranberry (my fave), olive, and some crispy cracker looking bread (don't know). Foods that we ordered were:* Beet salad: We had it split between us. It was DELICIOUS. While it was tangy, it wasn't overpowering at all b/c of the creamy goat cheese that complimented it well. It had a tangy/savory aspect to it.* Duck burger: Cooked to perfection. It was juicy and flavorful. There was an egg that came on top of the meat patty, and it oozed creamy goodness. The fries had flakes of parmesan cheese on it. Fries tasted like fries.* Duck breast with crepe: The crepe wasn't my favorite; it had an off taste to it. The duck was very tender and juicy, though. I liked the blackberry that came with it.* Popcorn ice-cream: GET THIS. It is sooooooo good! Words cannot describe the heavenly explosion in my mouth. It was creamy, sweet, with a bit of crunch. YUM.* Chocolate grotto: This wasn't my favorite dessert, but I can see why people who love chocolate would enjoy this. It's a chocolate shell with a creamy, overly sweet filling inside.Pricing: A bottle of wine, an appetizer split, 2 entrees, and 2 desserts was a little over $100. Definitely worth the price. I adore this place and will come again soon...probably for a "special occasion."
<review# 728,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2012,11/19/2012,55,164,5,6,5>So I have a huge crush on things with crusty buns. Lee's has the best crusty buns stuffed with bbq pork in the Atlanta area. I was twenty four when I had my first bahn mi and Lee's is my favorite. Now, when you can get lunch for the full week for 10 bucks then you know you're in the right place. Get to this place if you have not because you're missing out.My little nuance to this place is to make sure you get the penos on your sandwich but more importantly grab a avacado smoothie to tame your palate after the fact. You can easily get a smoothie and a sandwich and get out for less than 6 bucks. Love it. Need it. Go get a crusty bun of fun.
<review# 729,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2012,11/18/2012,49,397,2,5,4>Wow, hard to believe it's been almost exactly 3 years since I've eaten here. As I said in my previous review, I'm not a big fan of pork. I'm also not a huge carnivore, so Meg C. was amused when I asked her to be my plus 1 for the UYE here last night. We decided to split some tapas & try a little bit of everything. We ultimately settled on the bacon wrapped dates, huevo con trufa (pork cheeks shredded & topped with a poached egg & black truffles), croquettes de queso (fried goat cheese with honeyed yogurt), and the pulpo a la parilla (octopus with potatoes over a watercress sauce) per the recommendation of one of our server. Of course when the hanger steak came out, we added that for "dessert". We also got to try the asparagus with poached egg for free. Give me anything with a poached egg on top and I'm all for it. I also nicked some of Joy W's salchicon, which was salty, spicy, & delicious.Everything was great, but the real star was the huevo con trufa. I've never had a black truffle before, but it wasn't overwhelming. The mix of pork, egg, & truffle on bread was perfect. It was shredded, so it was reminiscent of an open face pulled pork sandwich. Only much better than any pulled pork sandwich I've ever had. Five tapas split between the two of us was plenty. As Joy described it, we were "comfortably stuffed" by the end of the meal. I'll definitely be back, hopefully in less than three years.
<review# 730,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2012,11/17/2012,37,28,8,6,3>I love this place so much I refer to it as "My dekalb county farmer's market."You can get almost ANYTHING under the sun here, and for serious cheap. Gourmet olive oils, dried fruit & nuts, interesting candies, bulk spices, beans, pasta--and the bread! This is the bread I eat when I don't bake a loaf.  Their croutons are incredible, as are their bagels. I always get my man some baked treats like danishes or cookies, which he loves. The produce is the freshest and least expensive I've ever seen, and the selection is out of this world.  If you are a coffee or tea drinker, this is the place to go. You can get a pound of fresh organic coffee--many varieties, though I am partial to the Ethiopian Sidamo or the Guatemalan, for $9. Try that at Whole Paycheck. The cheese, seafood, and meat sections also appear to be booming, but that's not my jam, so I can't speak too much to that.They also have an incredible hot and salad bar there which really rules. They don't have soaps, toiletries, or mainstream sodas like Coke or Pepsi. They do have everything else, even some kitchen wares.Parking can be a pain, so my advice is just to get one and walk. Also, unless you enjoy enormous crowds of people, never, ever go on a weekend. I always aim for a Tuesday morning or something, when there are only 8800 people there, rather than 288,000,00.Also important to note: in the summer, bring a wool coat and in the winter, bring Gortex. In ten years worth of visits, I've never been in there when the temperature was above 60 below. I love my dekalb county farmer's market.
<review# 731,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/18/2012,11/16/2012,433,226,3,5,5>An extra star for their Bourbon list from a bourbon-only girl.The food is good, but not "very good". The quantity is small, big appetites be warned. Service was fine for our party of 10, so I'm not sure what people are complaining about. The waitress was even nice enough to offer to split the bills 6-7 ways before she brought the check. Loved the lighting and atmosphere.The drinks were EXCELLENT. The Daisy Buchanan cocktail was so delicious, I had 4. I'll be back.
<review# 732,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2012,11/15/2012,469,375,2,4,5>The barbecue at Heirloom Market BBQ is outstanding. We ordered the half rack of ribs, pulled pork, beef brisket, mac and cheese, and Brunswick stew. Everything was great. This was the first time that I didn't feel the need to drench American barbecue with barbecue sauce, because the meats were tender and infused with a delicious smoky flavor. Also, the ribs were surprisingly lean, which is how I prefer them.This place feels like foodie central. It's such a tiny restaurant and a hole in the wall, but it quickly overflows with customers during lunch hours.
<review# 733,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2012,11/14/2012,489,857,5,12,8>I haven't been to many seafood restaurants, but I have found my favorite seafood restaurant in Atlanta so far.  The main reason is because of their Lobster Roll.Their Lobster Roll is only available on the weekends, until they run out. It comes with lobster, lettuce, lemon and lime zest, and mayo on a toasted, Tennessee Whisky Roll.  The Tennessee Whisky roll is an interesting choice because I don't think they have lobsters in Tennessee. This is the best Lobster Roll I had in Atlanta. Screw Bocado and Octopus Bar, this is the place to get it. There is a sea-captain looking guy making the lobster roll by hand. It's kinda funny. He dresses up like a sea captain even though he's nowhere near the sea. But his sole purpose is to make Lobster Rolls. I didn't like Bocado's Lobster Roll because they went overboard with the lemon zest. Nicky's also has lemon-lime zest, but it tastes more subtle. Also, they give you a ton of lobster meat. It has tails and claw meat. It bursts out of the seams of the Tennessee Whisky Roll. The lobster tastes fresh, and the whole thing costs only $16. After I gobbled one down, I needed another one. However, I restrained myself and tried other stuff on their menu. Their seafood platters can come in 3 different styles: fried, grilled, and blackened. I tried it fried, and it tastes solid. Their hushpuppies are nice and crispy and has a lot of flavor. The Nicky's Rice is what I would call American Fried Rice. They grill the rice on a skillet with squash, fish, shrimp, zucchini, and potatoes. They season it nicely and dump a huge pile it for you to eat. Even though it's cooked on a skillet, it's not completely fried. I liked the flavors and all the goodies inside the rice. It's a big dish and can be shared by 2. They have a ton of other stuff on the menu such as Burritos, Sandwiches, Soups, and other seafoody stuff. If you love seafood, this is the place to go. As for drinks, they have a standard soda fountain serving Pepsi? That seems pretty bold in Atlanta. Too bad they didn't have the original Pepsi with real cane sugar. Also, it's BYOB if you want some alcohol with your seafood. Their staff is pretty awesome. They act friendly and enthusiastic about their food. They love giving samples of their stuff, and they do a great job selling their food. I don't think they need to sell anything, their food tastes great. For now, I would recommend you to come during the weekend and get the Lobster Rolls. If you don't want to listen to me, that's fine. The rest of their menu seems solid. I'm surprised this place only has about  20 reviews by the time I'm writing this. This place has been around for a while,  but I guess nobody knew about it. Well, I recommend you to check out this hidden gem now.  I give this place 4.5 stars.
<review# 734,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2012,11/13/2012,131,242,1,10,6>Hitachino + cool looking interior + great pizza = Watch your back Antico!!!Ammazza, you guys are bringing your A- game but I have a few gripes.  1)  You pay for your meal in the front but have to open another tab to get mixed drinks in the back... amateur.2)  Not sure if I should get my own plates or do we have servers... which brings me to 3)  Should I leave a tip?I had the carne and the inferno... both are different from what I get at Antico, but I'm sure the Neapolitan could easily hold up to Antico's.  The interior of this place makes it a better fit to have dinner than Antico's as well.  They also have wine, liquor and beer.  Lastly, Ammazza gets their meat from The Spotted Trotter....mother of god!This is what it boils down to.  Antico does a Neapolitan well but Ammazza provides a much better dining experience.  Also, once you're done eating you can walk down the street and go to church, sound table, nonis or joystick....  basically have a good night out.
<review# 735,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2012,11/12/2012,29,82,8,7,4>What place delivers from 455 North Avenue to Emory at 3 AM on a late Saturday night/early Sunday morning? Yah, this place does. And for that reason, this restaurant gets...5 STARS!I'm a vegetarian / vegan so I can't attest to their "World Famous Cheesesteak" but can surely tell you the sesame tofu and general tso's tofu are hits.  Is this authentic?  I don't know.  Is it tasty?  Definitely.  Are the portions generously sized for the price?  Fo sho.  We also got fried rice (requested no egg) and that wasn't bad at all.  The only weird part was that chow mein was literally only the vegetables; no noodles or rice.  They did warn us on the phone, but still, wtf?Delivery drivers are friendly and they come within the time promised (30-45 minutes; fair since we don't live that close to this place)...So if you're hungry at 3 AM, have had WAY too many Taco Bell 4th meals, and are craving some janky-ass Chinese food, this place is da $hit...
<review# 736,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2012,11/11/2012,139,167,8,10,2>Oh my God, you guys.  I don't know what the hell has happened to me.  But I have become one of those people who spends most of their money on working out, of all things!  $25 PER CLASS?  Are you guys kidding?  Am *I* effing kidding?!  But I don't know what to tell you.  These classes - they're awesome.  They're...they're...FUN!  THEY HURT SO GOOD.Do I get a dirty little masochistic thrill from paying for the privilege of being put through so much pain?  ...perhaps.  But, as you may have learned from other reviews of mine, I'm extremely vain and shallow, so if it's painful, I know it's whipping my ass into gear.  But you also feel like a straight-up BADASS when you do these workouts.  But, okay, so everyone here has already said how hard it is.  So let me say a little more about some of the specifics.I seem to always get Ashley as an instructor and I *love* her.  She's funny and motivating, and her music is THE.  BEST.  Sometimes it's funny pop songs, often it's straight up 90s.  I mean, spinning to Temple of the Dog "Hunger Strike" are you KIDDING ME WITH THIS??  And I still remember an epic hill climb we did to "November Rain."  Standing up in the bike and powering through while those over-the-top strings are going at the end of the song (you all know what I'm talking about!): amazing.  As for the price, it is expensive, and I don't know what to say to you about that except that I'm pretty broke and I go at least once a week.  It seems worth it.  Because, beyond the workout itself, I have never been to any gym or workout studio or facility of any kind that has so thoroughly thought of everything.  Beyond shoes, towels, and water being provided, you get attractive men and women inspecting your form and making sure you have your bike settings right for the best ride before class.  They also have two showers, which provide more towels for you, soap, conditioner, shampoo, DRY shampoo, as well as plastic bags for your disgusting sweat-soaked clothing you sexy BEAST, you!  They even have deodorant (man- and lady-friendly varieties), hair-ties, tampons, and damn bobby pins in the bathrooms.  You pretty much just have to roll your ass out of bed and get yourself here, and they'll take care of the rest.So yeah.  Whatever.  I'm one of THOSE people.  I pay too much to have someone punish me and I LIKE it!  Because rather than admit to my not-so-feminist desire to look like a movie star, I also have the more feminist-appropriate desire to be a superhero.  And I'm pretty sure Flywheel is getting me both places.
<review# 737,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2012,11/10/2012,37,70,1,8,4>In my humble opinion, the best way to encounter Church isn't on one of the insane, hipster-filled weekend evenings after 11pm (sorry, I don't own suspenders, skinny jeans, or ironic t-shirts, but more power to those who do). Church is really amazing on just a regular, early evening, where you can pop a squat on the patio--and bring your canine companion--or hole up with your sweetie upstairs, sipping a delicious-and-sneakily-strong Sangria.I could say what everyone else is already saying on Yelp, but if you want an insider tip, it's all about the timing. Avoid the crowds and get to know the place like your own personal "Cheers" - so much better than slamming your way through drunk frat guys and Williamsburg wannabes on the weekends.P.S. The live organ karaoke on Wednesday is a blast, whether you're observing or participating.
<review# 738,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2012,11/9/2012,77,219,2,14,6>You walk in and this place immediately liberates you- I started wondering why no one had thought of this earlier. Why would you need a formal bar when the whole center of the room can be a casual hang out spot where bartenders and patrons convene? Why not make an irreverent menu that changes daily, based on the whim and inspiration of the chefs? Why impose expectations of courses, when you can order whatever sounds good to you, and have it delivered to the table whenever it's ready? And who wouldn't want servers treat you like the guest of honor to this funky dinner party, sharing their favorite dishes, conversing about food and cocktails, and making you feel included and at home? And of course, you will be given the option to order their daily staff meal at cost, which when I went meant savory bread pudding and sausage for under six bucks. This is place is a mixture of extremes-  it's modern, it's funky, but its also sophisticated. It is homey in the sense that you feel like you are part of the group- the staff is having a great time, is eating great food, and you can share that experience with them. Richard Blais is either focused by the kitchen, checking orders, ensuring things are running smoothly- or hanging out with patrons and making sure we are all enjoying ourselves. When you order wine, a cute little card comes along with it, imparting you with wine wisdom for your next visit ("you should check out this new hot varietal"). The food is phenomenal. The foie gras with chocolate was silky and surprisingly delicate, the oysters and pearls were refreshing, the bone marrow with tuna tartare was just genius. (why shouldn't you pair marrow with fish?) The lamb entree was sumptuous (albeit small- almost the size of the small plates). I think this place is exactly what I would expect from Richard Blais- a little outside the box, a lot of great quality food, and amazing hospitality to match.
<review# 739,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2012,11/8/2012,103,217,3,11,9>Their new location, at 4874 S Atlanta Rd SE/ Smyrna, GA 30080-7007, is an amazing facility. My husband and I had been to other places to try to find the dog for us and no where else was as clean, open, or well run. I've never seen happier/healthier shelter animals. The front area, where you fill out your application and wait to be helped by an adoption specialist, is large and open. The back area is also large and open - and it's very clean despite the number of animals they shelter. Every animals has enough room to exercise, run around, chill out or interact with other dogs. You can just stop by to meet some of the pets or look at who's there on their website. If you know of a little buddy you'd like to meet, they have special rooms available where they will bring a pet to you to get to know a little better before deciding one way or the other. And this is a very important step in the process because you don't want to bring home an animal only to find out that it's terrified of you, or you're severely allergic! I don't know about other places, but APRA spays/neuters all their animals and gives them immunizations and heartworm/flea meds, mircochips them, grooms them (bath, hair, ears, nails), and has a vet to make sure they stay healthy. I found my little baby, now named Penny, on their website. I emailed in my application (but you can print it out and take it with you, or fill one out when you arrive) and I made an appointment to go meet her (not necessary except for my type-A personality and busy schedule). I arrived a little early, so I had time to talk with a lot of staff members as well as other clients. I saw at least two new, happy families made while I was there. All the staff and volunteers were so sweet - friendly and helpful. I felt very much at ease - everyone asked who I was there to adopt and everyone knew all the dogs by name. I've now had my little fluffball for three whole days, and I am so glad that these wonderful people were there to find, rescue her from animal control, and take such great care of her until I came along.
<review# 740,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2012,11/7/2012,91,277,18,9,11>Salted caramel engagement ring is my favorite flavor here...Since getting engaged at Morelli's, I've asked my man to adorn all of my ice cream cones with diamonds.He just laughs.(For the record, banana biscoff crunch is my favorite non-diamond topped flavor.)
<review# 741,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2012,11/6/2012,36,160,,8,5>At the end of March, I went to One Eared Stag for Inman Park Restaurant Week. I had wanted to try this restaurant for a while, so I was glad to finally have the chance. The restaurant itself was nicely laid out and the back patio would be great for a summer meal. As with most restaurant week menus, it was a limited selection of their normal menu with a few special items thrown in. At $25, this menu was a great bargain.I started off with the duck liver parfait with rhubarb relish and toast and my friend had the pork chicharone with powdered kimchi. Both of the portions were large for an appetizer. I didn't have nearly enough toast to finish the plate and the rhubarb relish went perfectly with the foie gras. I ended up taking home the remaining foie gras. The pork chicharone was airy and crisp and the kimchi powder really helped give it the flavoring it needed. I preferred my dish to the chicharone, which I felt would've been a little one note for such a large portion -- both were excellent though.For the entree, both my friend and I got the beef wellingtongue -- a play on beef wellingtons using minced beef tongue. It was a fun twist to a classic dish and I thought the beef tongue worked perfectly. The puff pastry on the outside was fluffy and light, but the bordelaise sauce was a little on the salty side. Overall though, I thought the dish was well executed, creative, and delicious.Finally for dessert, I had the vanilla panna cotta with preserved peach. I'm a huge fan of panna cotta, so I couldn't resist the urge to order it. The taste was absolutely phenomenal. While I liked the presentation in the mason jar aesthetically, I felt like it was impractical to dig the panna cotta out of the jar. Trying to cut up the peach on top of the panna cotta with my spoon was also difficult. My friend had the apple buckle with vanilla cream, which was good too. While a more predictable dessert, it was done extremely well and the vanilla cream really amazing. The large servings, delicious and creative dishes really make this place remarkable. The back patio would be the perfect place to have some drinks and share a few plates with some friends. I will definitely return to One Eared Stag -- both to sample the normal menu and for restaurant week.
<review# 742,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/3/2012,11/5/2012,342,294,5,6,7>There are better burgers in Atlanta, but Flip wins in the following categories:1) Location2) Ambiance3) Bar4) Milkshake5) Star SightingsWho would have thought an old Blockbuster could be turned into a burger boutique? Leave it to design firm ai3 to literally "flip" this prime real estate at the corner of Roswell & Piedmont into another Buckhead hot spot.And did ai3 create a cool space. The chic banquette-booths line the walls where dim lighting makes a posh waitstaff adorned in all black look even more hip. There's a bit of an attitude at Flip but we are in Buckhead.The bar at Flip is beautiful and well-stocked. I've only ever had a beer to wet my whistle pre-burger indulgence yet always eyed the signature cocktails. One day, I will be more brave and opt for better booze.However, don't fill up on liquor because Flip's Nutella milkshake is my favorite icy-sweet-treat inside the perimeter. Those toasted marshmallows are worth a trip to Flip.My favorite thing about Flip, and why I will continue to bring people back here, is because the people watching is so much fun. Hotties pre-gaming for a night out in the Buckhead Bar scene, brunch beauties following church on Sunday, or the power lunch crew all convene at Flip. I even saw John Travolta and his entourage here! Rumor has it they were staying down the street at the St. Regis.Minus 1 star for paying $30 for a burger, shake and beer but only getting a food coma and no buzz.  Another star would be taken away for sour-faced servers however seeing John Travolta, a true star, earned Flip that extra point.
<review# 743,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2012,11/4/2012,119,190,3,8,4>I & my girlfriend returned to Ecco with my mom and her twin sister who were visiting from out of town.  I love this place and was excited to take them to what I consider is one of the best restaurants in the city.  This was around the time of their birthdays so I wanted to surprise them with a dessert and a few candles as a surprise to end the evening.  I called ahead, explained what I wanted and they assured me it would be no problem.We were seated right away, the place was buzzing and put in two orders of the fried goat cheese.  The plan was off and rolling perfectly.  My mom and aunt excused themselves to go to the bathroom and the waiter walked up and casually said, "So, we have a few birthdays here tonight I understand".  Relieved this didn't come out when they were seated, I explained who the birthday girls were, that I wanted to surprise them at the end of the meal, so just bring the desserts out a few minutes after we finished up the main course with some coffee.The twins decided with all the apps we ordered to spilt a salad.  When it came out, it looked like a side salad.  They spilt it anyway and because it was so good, they ordered another one.  The second one came out about twice the size of the first one, which of course at this point they couldn't finish.  It was a little odd, but it didn't matter because the surprise at the end of the evening was going to be the little cherry that everyone would remember.... Until the waiter announced to the table that the special birthday desserts would be coming right up.  I tried to cover it up, but the twins knew what was up.  When the waiter brought out the coffee first and mentioned again that the birthday desserts were coming it was completely out of the bag and ruined.When it finally arrived, we spilt it and left.  I still love Ecco and will of course return, but not for special occasions, that portion was a miss.
<review# 744,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/28/2012,11/3/2012,90,257,8,7,6>There's something about this dirty little corner of the world that I find really enjoyable. The Masquerade is a huge venue with several stages that has really great music coming through on the regular. Tickets are affordable and the experience makes for a musically magical time.I went to my first show at the Masq on a Wednesday night. There was a little mix up at will call but our tickets were recovered eventually and we set off into the wild (the wild being the second floor stage area of course).  The crowd was super laid back and completely ready to have a good time. One thing I really appreciate about the Masquerade is that they keep it fairly cool so you don't leave the show looking or feeling like you just went for a jog through the swamps of Florida.  Beer and liquor are your options and I have literally never been served so fast in my life at a concert venue.  The bar tenders were seriously doing work that Wednesday night.  Everyone I was with commented on how quickly we got new drinks and could get back to the show. Parking is either curbside on the street directly to the right of the building (you have to get here really early or have some serious parking Karma built up to snag one of these) or the lot one street down to the right of the building. This lot is usually $5 so bring some cash.Is the Masquerade dirty? Yes. Are the bathrooms terrifying? Sure. Am I looking forward to my next concert there? Obviously.
<review# 745,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2012,11/2/2012,458,1067,7,7,8>You'll all be glad to know that I'm one bar closer to completing my tour of every Atlanta gay bar.I've been wanting to come here for years. Well, maybe not that long, but before The New Order closed. It took me a while to find it because it's behind Publix and there isn't signage out front to remind you it's there. Apparently most of what's leftover is still intact including what I would describe as Italian tile kitchen backsplash walls between the booths.It's not a large place. Bigger than you'd think. Two pool tables and a fairly large bar that I would compare to the Clermont Lounge. Rumer has it the faux fireplace is being replaced this month, so if you want to see it you'll need to hurry.Oh, and there's Blackjack (for entertainment purposes only).
<review# 746,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2012,11/1/2012,213,662,9,5,4>I traveled to Buckhead with colleagues for what I'll call a business lunch. Despite knowing that a meal at Farm Burger would sap all my motivation and notions of self worth, I suggested we dine there anyway. I feel like my burger at the Buckhead location was substantially more enormous than the burgers I've attacked in Decatur. However, the bowl-full of arugula stuffed between the bun might account for its puffy appearance. I regret adding arugula to my pinkish medium-cooked meat, although the gouda, smoked paprika mayo and pickled jalapeños always please. Dooming myself, I added a side of Farm Burger fries and Abita root beer to my order. Although advertised as being jacked up with herbs and parmesan, the FB fries tasted ordinary - but packed on empty calories nonetheless. I don't know how I brought myself to accomplish anything upon my return to the office. I felt like a piece of shit for the rest of the day, in a good way I guess...
<review# 747,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2012,10/31/2012,41,100,2,10,4>I struggled with whether I should write a review or not. Why, you ask? Because, I wanted to keep this little gem hidden in the middle of Buckhead my very own secret. But I'll come out and say it; BEST SUNDAY BRUNCH IN ALL OF ATLANTA.Their Sunday spread is nothing short of amazing: fresh fruit salad, grilled asparagus, tomato mozzarella, couscous, quinoa salad, chicken salad, bagels, grits, oatmeal, homemade jam, fresh baked cookies ... just to name a few items. You grab a plate, load it up, and come back for more if you want. Then when you're done, you pay the cashier however much you think your meal was worth. Seriously??? (They do suggest $15-$20). And did I mention that tax and beverages (including an awesome assortment of teas) are included? Oh, and then they donate 10% to charity (you choose between 3). It does get crowded and is not a good place for big groups. I would try to limit your party to 4 or less. The parking lot is teeny tiny and although there is a sign that says more parking is available in the back, it's not really worth the effort to drive to the back, only to find the 5 spots already taken, and have to Austin Power your butt trying to get back out only to find street parking. Despite the parking and tight dining space, I'm giving this place 5 stars because it is that amazing. Check it out and you won't regret it.
<review# 748,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/5/2012,10/30/2012,95,94,11,2,6>Are you a hipster? Do you like people watching hipsters? Do you abhor the term hipster because you think you're better than that, yet have an ironic mustache, wear skinny jeans, and drive a moped that you've removed the muffler and drive it ironically up and down highland? Then you will LOVE Jack's.The pizza, calzones, garlic bread, beer, well, everything here is AWESOME! For what seems like a generic greasy pizza, it really is top notch. The toppings are plentiful and greasy and delicious. They also offer some really cool options like artichokes, an a fried chicken pizza that I have only drooled at from afar. The service here is always great, prompt, and fast. It's kind of incredible how quickly they get out a whole pizza or calzone. The clientele is awesome. LOTS of ironic mustaches and colored socks. However, I will mention that if you dress like a typical VA-Highlander, prepare to be judged and get some funny looks. I think that's one of my favorite things about this place. It's so unpretentious and laid-back that it ends up being a little pretentious. Not in a bad way, just in an ironic kind of way. The music at Jack's hits it out of the park. It's always loud and good. I'm not sure who's always behind the jukebox, but seriously it's good shit.So don't wash your hair, pull the muffler off that moped, and put on some black socks with sandals, because Jack's awaits your irony!...and love of AWESOME pizza!
<review# 749,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2012,10/29/2012,190,335,3,5,3>The food is just phenomenal at this place.  It's just as simple as that.  The shrimp and grits are as good as that combination gets.  Delicious squared.  I can't say enough about the fried green tomatoes.  Perfectly fried and in a tomato based sauce that compliments it superbly.  The fried chicken IS as awesome as everyone says.  It's crispy, it's moist, and it's nicely seasoned.  It was perfect.  Banana pudding was right on point.  Loved the atmosphere and ambiance too!  This place is a keeper!
<review# 750,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2012,10/28/2012,244,602,8,6,5>I've been to Chicago a few times, but only for sterile work-oriented conferences. They're the kinds of events with bland chicken dinners and pre-planned activities like a Lake Michigan booze cruise where you get to watch guys with thinning hair gulp watered down vodka crans as they boogie down in their tan pleated chinos to a wedding band's cover of some Black Eyed Peas song.In other words, I didn't get out much.I write this to preface the fact that I've never been to a Harold's before. I can't attest to this location's authenticity. I can't say, "Oh, da wife and I, we love ta get some Harold's and some brats before bringing a gun to a knife fight. Because dat's the CHICAGO way!" and then Rahm Emanuel jerks you off with that one hand that's missing part of a finger. I don't know. I'm a southern boy; this is what I assume goes on up there.That said, Harold's chicken is kind of frakin' awesome. It retains its crunch, even after a long trip home via take out. The chicken was juicy and the meat salty in all the ways it should be. Then again, I ordered all dark meat AS YOU SHOULD. It's not a cayenne spicy as Popeye's, but the hot sauce (a vinegary, viscous Red Rooster-like concoction of brilliance) will remedy that. And the price? It's low enough that I thought I'd misheard the total when I was rung up.Unfortunately, all is not gold on the Edgewood. I'm guessing they cook each batch to order which, in most cases, wouldn't be a bad thing. However, this DOES mean that you shouldn't be in a hurry to eat as I was. In fact, before you order, you should make sure your day is a Ferris Buelleresque day of leisure and spontaneity. The chicken will come, but it'll take its own sweet time. Even for you, Mr. Froman, alleged Sausage King of Chicago. Just chill, buy a beer, and make sure you've brought plenty of quarters for the parking meter outside. Four stars.
<review# 751,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2012,10/27/2012,291,260,3,12,5>I'm in love. With a burger. His name is Bibimbap. I met Jerry T earlier this week and when I read his review below, I discovered the amazingness that is the Bibimbap Burger at Milano cafe. Being the sucker for good marketing that I am, the moment that I found out that such a thing existed I knew I had to try it as soon as possible. If all I get out of meeting Jerry T is discovering the bibimbap burger, I would be perfectly content with that :)THE BIBIMBAP BURGER | $6.50This burger is made of a bulgogi patty with a huge afro leaf of lettuce, tomato, carrots, cucumber, onions, a fried egg and korean chili paste on top of a fresh baked bun. It tasted exactly like bibimbap and I actually think I prefer eating it with a bun than with rice. It is quite a HUGE burger and can be messy, so be prepared with lots of napkins. They do provide little moist towelette wipes :) I can't recommend this enough.THE BULGOGI BURGER | $6.50This was also a really great burger, and actually kept more to a traditional burger flavor. It had the marinated bulgogi patty, but came with lettuce, tomato, onion, cheddar cheese and mustard. I highly enjoyed this burger as well because I do like mustard with my burgers and you could distinguish each flavor of the ingredients in this burger. LYCHEE BUBBLE TEA | $3.95Since we were the first customers to order bubble tea in the morning, they made a fresh batch of boba! The boba was pretty good - nice and chewy, and more firm than at other places. The lychee slush was more of a "snow" texture and the flavor was great and not powdery. PLUM TEA | $3.25The tea came in a tall cup and was too sweet for my liking. It had a great flavor, but I should've asked for no sugar. It literally tasted like a liquid black cherry sour warhead (remember those?!). MOCHA LATTE | $3.50The coffee had a great flavor with the frothiness of the foam from the latte and the mocha added a nice chocolatey sweetness. (Ask for no sugar because it is already pretty sweet). It's got the caffeine kick that I needed for my day.LOCATIONOn Buford Highway on the south side of 285, on the west side of the street between Asian Square and So Kong Dong. Across the street from Chef Liu, which is next to Mozart Bakery. TIPSMake sure you call in ahead of time to order the burgers. They take about 15 minutes to cook through the patty, so if you know you're coming for the burger, call ahead and put in your order. Also, if you come after rush hour, there may be a good chance that they've run out of buns for the day, so it's better to call-in to check. (770) 452-8880. Their phone number is also their password to their wi-fi. Coming back again for sure!!
<review# 752,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2012,10/26/2012,66,188,5,14,12>I always leave the Starlight thinking "Why don't we do this more often?"  Seriously?  Why am I not here every weekend?  The Starlight has to be one of the best value good times in all of Atlanta!   Forget the Aquarium, forget turner field, the starlight is true Atlanta!   I love watching the different people who come to the starlight, families, friends, couples, everyone is having a good time hanging out!  We've been to the starlight drive in several times, with far too much time between our visits.  For some reason, we just forget about it, which is a shame because Starlight Drive in is an Atlanta GEM!   First off, any movie theater where you can get  a double feature for $7 (Bring CASH)  per person and buy King of Pops at the concession would be a five star in my book to begin with!  But then you add on the fact you can bring your own food and booze and cozy up with a date or 20 of your best friends, and it becomes magical!   Our first time here we came with a huge group and brought a grill and keg of beer, and tailgated our movie for a good hour or two before the movie started.  It was like college football, except instead of a game it was Transformers!   Our latest trip was just a date night with my hubby to see the new Snow White and the Huntsman movie.  Whether a romantic date night or a fun night out with a group, the Starlight delivers.  I'd like to thank the couple next to us who jumped our car so we could get home!  Next time I'm going to get a battery operated radio like Kathleen M suggested!
<review# 753,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2012,10/25/2012,204,510,8,11,11>I have a confession to make.I ate the salted caramel bacon doughnut in the car while waiting at the obnoxious intersection in a car that is Ponce and Church. It was worth the sticky, sugary hands on the wheel all the way home.I donated to RD's Kickstarter campaign so I went to pick up my reward finally today. I got the above doughnut that didn't make it home, the ones topped with passionfruit, salted caramel, blueberry, dark chocolate, and cinnamon sugar. I love salted caramel so I went ahead and got the one with bacon (which is 50 cents more than the rest) and without. I absolutely loved the caramel glaze, it was rich, sweet, and buttery, and it had just the right hint of savory from the bacon. You seriously do need to heed warning to eat these the day you get them. We tried to save the other salted caramel for the next night by putting it in a plastic bag in a plastic bag but it had green spots on it! ...But if you think that stopped anyone you'd be wrong. Cut them off and ate anyway. And yes clearly we lived and it was worth it. I believe that one was a cake doughnut unlike the rest so it was a bit denser, but still so good.The passionfruit was my favorite, hands down. Blueberry was pretty good, but the passionfruit was just amazing. The cinnamon sugar doughnut sounds like it'd be pretty basic, but it was the best breakfast I've had in weeks. My dad ate the dark chocolate one and I of course received no feedback on it, which means it was really good. I guess. I don't know if he'd tell me if it sucked but I take the consumption of a doughnut to mean good things.Also their peach iced tea RULES. I probably should have gotten coffee considering how I wanted to fall asleep earlier in the day, but the iced tea looked too good. When I make it back, I must ask either what they use or how they make it, because it tastes more to me like it's actually made with peaches rather than syrup or a flavoring.
<review# 754,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2012,10/24/2012,172,868,4,7,4>Sweet Auburn deserves another star upgrade for sure.  And really, they owe it all to Grindhouse Burgers.  I remember my first trip to the market about two weeks after Grindhouse first opened.  Except for that burger stand, it was honestly a scary place.  Dark and dirty, and I hate to generalize, but it looked like most of the merchants saw more EBT/SNAP then they did cash/debit/credit.  Display cases were streaked with dirt, the bakery would have maybe a single kind of cookie that looked stale, and produce in the vegetable stands looked gross.  Now, several years later, the Market is a vibrant, bustling place that truly represents all the best of Atlanta.  On the way to pick up the legendary burgers, and eventually burritos, barbecue, coffee, "haute" dogs, arepas, and ice cream, these new customers also found the now farm fresh produce, the whole hogs, and the smoked parts of turkeys I didn't even know existed.  Where Grindhouse used to be the only bustling part of this little piece of Atlanta history, now, the whole market is alive with good food.  Along with the still bargain priced trimmed collards, you can now find organic purple okra.  If you need to, you can still use a SNAP card to pick up fresh fish (and produce, and meat), but thanks to the tip from the security guard, I now also know you can ask that fish stand to steam your shellfish (gorgeous looking shrimp and crab legs), and you can eat it right there for lunch.  On my last visit, the bakery had dozens of cookies, cakes, cupcakes, pies, and puddings for sale in individual serving sizes or in whole.  And though there are rumors that Grindhouse intends to close or sell to new owners, I have no doubt that the positive changes they've helped bring about at Sweet Auburn will stick around past the burgers.
<review# 755,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2012,10/23/2012,174,174,5,7,4>It's Carnival time in Atlanta again and the parties have begun! On Thursday night Hubby and I started off our weekend with dancing and palancin at Esso Night Club in Atlanta. It was Flag Party time so that means bring the flag of whatever country you want to represent and let the music take you there. I was deeply impressed with the vicinity. It's nicely decorated, large, has multiple areas either to dance, lounge, and or catch your breath. It surpassed my expectations and we enjoyed our time thoroughly.Upon walking in you'll notice a fairly large bar, nicely lit with blue neon lights surrounding it. A small open area to your right where some people were dancing and a DJ booth. The sounds coming from the booth was pumping and it hit me immediately. This is something I love to experience when walking into the club. It gets me going right away. To your left are the restrooms and another open area that could be for dancing or just hanging out. Right in front of the bar sits soft couches and some small tables that looked sectioned of as if it were VIP. The reason I say that is because there are similar areas further inside the club that are VIP. I loved the double entrances that lead into the larger area of the club itself. Here is where you'll find a dance floor that is accessible by stairs, two more large bar area, multiple VIP sections, and a DJ booth that sits high above everything else. The club was well lit, not dark and dungy feeling. Neon light in many colors lit up the dance floor, bars a seating areas. They also provide a decent sized finger food menu and drinks galore. Towards the back there are doors that lead to the lovely outdoor/rooftop/patio area where you'll find it nicely decorated in all white everything. From the tables, to the chairs to the couches, to the drapes that separated each area for an intimate private setting. We ate our shrimp kabobs and fries out here.Smoking is aloud inside the club but because of it's size you can hardly tell anyone is smoking in there. Believe me, I've been to those clubs where your whole wardrobe and hair smells like smoke when you leave and this is not one of them.Everyone looked like they were having a good time and had their flags in their hands waving it around, representing their country, and dancing to the beat of the music. It was live! We were live! The party was live and was not done until 4am in the morning.Club Esso is usually a hip-hop club so the vibes will definitely be different. All I can say is give it a try you just might like it.
<review# 756,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2012,10/22/2012,144,122,5,9,4>Finally, a place that does thai hot justice!My parents trained me to be a spicy warrior. I remember them forcing me to have hot sauce eating competitions with my sister and both of us ending up with tears streaming down our faces. No pain, no gain. In all the years I've been in ATL, I've yet to order extra thai hot and get anywhere close to a true thai hot. None of the hot sauces in my fridge have any effect on me anymore and I almost got to the point where I thought nothing could ever be spicy for me ever again...until Panita!Walking into this place feels like you've been transported to a mythical jungle world reminiscent of the tiki room at disneyland. We were asked by our waitress three times if we were sure that we wanted thai hot. Of course we consented and she gave us skeptical looks. We got green curry, this eggplant dish, and the drunken noodle. They were all delicious and perfectly spicy. Complex flavors and all were on point. I asked for an extra side of hot sauce and she brought out thai chilis ground with garlic which was awesome. So spicy, garlicky and delicious. Once the waitress saw we could handle our food, she seemed more friendly and open. This place was a tad pricey so we split three dishes amongst four people for right around 13 bucks each and had leftovers to take home. Oh, and did I mention, all of our dishes were served in different carved out fruits, so cool!
<review# 757,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2012,10/21/2012,160,534,14,10,8>Heed the warning of yelpers who have gone to a restaurant you haven't.  Case in point:  When heading out to the first ROTD UYE with Sidney E, Carrie Neal and Richard R, I was very well told, do NOT eat breakfast!  Oh lord, why didn't I listen??Ann's Snack bar, home of the Ghetto burger, is not a place you want to come to with anything but an empty stomach! Located on Memorial drive, and fairly easy to drive by if you aren't paying attention, the parking lot may be small, but there's a huge strip mall a few steps away with tons of parking.  We arrived on a Friday around 10:30 and other than Miss Ann and a couple of Military guys, there was plenty of parking and seats, so we all took one and waited for Miss Ann to usher us on in.  All of the guys ordered up the Ghetto burger combo (beverage of your choice, plate of fries and a double decker thick pattied burger with chilli, bacon, cheese, lettuce and tomato) for about 10 bucks, although Carrie Neal may have been the smartest of us all, getting the smaller, double cheese burger.  Miss Ann does all the cooking herself, and it took about a half hour to get our food but this is something to wait for.  You're first given a drink and huge plate of fries, which, when seasoned, are easy to take care of, and you're probably feeling pretty good because you forgot that you ordered some serious ground beef.  Soon after, the ghetto burger comes out, and you try to not curse (one of Miss Ann's rules!) at the size of this burger, almost the size of the paper plate it came out on, nearly impossible to pick up with one hand, and cooked like you're over your grandma's house, not a restaurant.  I tore into this thing and the flavor helped me plow through the first half in just a couple of minutes, then I found myself on the wrong end of a Man Vs Food show, with just a few bites left, and no room to finish!  Let me remind you if you've forgotten....do NOT eat anything before coming here because this lunch will carry you through dinner, and maybe even breakfast the next day!Although I didn't take away what was left of my food, to go orders are pretty simple, as Miss Ann rips a piece of foil off for you to put over your plate.  I'm pretty sure you don't get drink refills, however, when you get a beverage, you may want to get the tea or Lemonade, as both are HUGE compared to the tiny little cans of soda you get.I had a wonderful time, even though it took a little longer to get to my car afterwards, but it was well worth it.  So to recap, come early to sidestep any waiting or parking issues, get the Lemonade or Sweet Tea because man, that's a big cup, have some manners with Miss Ann, and for goodness sake, don't eat anything before you come here! p.s.  Thanks for Lunch Richard!
<review# 758,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2012,10/20/2012,357,369,14,12,9>In Which Squid Can Inseminate Your Gums* And I Would Gladly Have Octopus Bar's Tentacled Babies.I was really happy to hear about Octopus Bar's arrival on the Intown late night dining scene.  And by late night dining scene, I mean The Majestic and the Chevron gas station.  I have long pined for a place aligned with my Espanish dining itinerary. Dining locally post 11 pm and it not involving pancakes or bar food is a living dream.Initially, I kept hearing bad things about Octopus Bar's service.  So it took me a while to get there.  But ever since darkening its door in a full face of pop art clown makeup and not having anyone beat me with a tattooed mallet, I've been back on a nearly weekly basis.  Service has been friendly and wonderful, particularly when Chanel has been our server.I am especially fond of the head to tail salt and pepper shrimp, the mussels, and the pasta dishes. I  approve of the fact they often change the menu but they always keep the salt and pepper shrimp on it.  I adore that they carry Mexican Coke. I really dig not having to trek to BuHi to sate my poorly timed cravings.  Also? I can totally afford it. In the wake of hearing about cooked squid inseminating some lady's tongue, cheek and gums, I haven't curbed my devotion to ripping heads off with my teeth at Octopus Bar.  The possibility of orally birthing more things they can cook up for me is a win/win.* io9.com/5918453/cooked-s
<review# 759,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2012,10/19/2012,30,189,2,5,3>I haven't been to EAV as of late and went today because of a workshop nearby. This place is definitely a great spot. Here's the synopsis:1.  Great location, easy parking.2.  Fantastic wait service. Talk about attentive. I definitely made sure our waiter received a good tip for his service. He also had about 40 different colors of pens in his little waiter bib. Since he was waiting on a group of teachers we had to compliment him for his cornucopia of pen colors. Maybe he does sketches on the side for tables on request?3.  Fantastic tacos. This place will not have your typical beef or chicken choices. This is no Taco Bell. I had the young goat and fried swordfish tacos. Delicious. They have some less than common choices such as cow tongue and chicken heart tacos. I will most definitely try those next time.4.  They do lose one star for their tortilla chips. While they are fresh to order the oil temperature is obviously too low, resulting in an overly greasy chip. The queso and salsa dips are fantastic. Fix that little issue and you've got your fifth star.The prices are good for the tacos, from $3 - 4 each and they're balanced perfectly. The ingredients are also organic. I will definitely be returning.
<review# 760,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/26/2012,10/18/2012,158,115,11,11,8>Usually when you step into a Chinese restaurant and see a large number of white people, you're at a Panda Express or some place called Lucky Red Dragon Buddha Buffet. This is why whenever I come here for brunch I'm always a little pleasantly surprised by the number of non-Asians who have discovered Buford Highway's hidden gem. Chef Liu's has the most authentic (and only) xiaolongbao I've had outside of China. I'll try to avoid too much hype because it only ruins it for everyone else, but if you've never had these little steamed dumplings, they are definitely worth trying. They may or may not change your life and win your heart. I always overestimate my appetite here and end up ordering an exorbitant amount of food. It's hard not to when everything is so cheap and delicious. I also recommend the leek pie (tastes better than it sounds), spicy noodles (not sure exactly what it's called on the menu), and wonton soup. There are many other menu items I can't recall right now, so to be safe you should just order everything.
<review# 761,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2012,10/17/2012,213,121,3,6,8>SANDWICHES!! my favorite food!i am a die hard pho bac banh mi sandwich fan, but i might've found a new favorite place for them. quoc huong has excellent bread - a good mix of crispy/flakiness and soft bread. i ordered the combination sandwich not really knowing what was in it, but it was excellent. the jalapenos were an appropriate level of spiciness, and pate was delicious.the best part? 2.50 for the special combination. most other sandwiches are 2.00. can't beat that with a stick.if you're looking for banh mi's in atlanta, this is one of the best places i've gone to. plus the sandwiches come out super fast! a perfect stop on the way home.
<review# 762,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2012,10/16/2012,216,468,7,11,7>I'm an expert at See-Food (just observe my Buddha belly). And it would seem The Optimist is gaining notoriety as an expert in seafood. I just had to give it a shot and line up the "see" with the "sea". And I achieved success, walking out feeling significantly stuffed to the brim.I like the classy yet laid back vibe of this new gem on the West side. My friend and I sat in the dining room, but I'd like to return soon to try the even more casual oyster bar and patio. We started with the crispy long beans, sea salt and buttermilk-dill mignonette -- better known as battered and fried green beans. Perfect start to our meal, taking the edge of our hunger off while we perused the menu of wood hearth roasted fish and interesting sides. After much deliberation, I decided on the seared tuna as my  main course. I really loved the accompaniments, including the charred octopus and potato salad. The small chunks of potato were crispy and the octopus delicious. The tuna was good, but it seems the sear could've been just a tad more crisp in my opinion. I'm sure this would be tough to pull off, and I can't fault them for the way it was served. Just my preference that would have made this meal really sing for me. For sides, we shared a few different dishes, including the potato gnocci in lobster butter with summer corn (delicious!), the corn milk hushpuppies, in a beignet style with powdered sugar and a cane sugar butter; and the basmati fried rice with smoked fish, curry and smashed peanuts. All three were nice compliments to the meal. And of course we had to try dessert. And did we ever! We put down three delicious ones: chocolate "pop tarts", a grapefruit tart garnished with Venezuelan white chocolate; and the buttermilk donuts with sweet corn ice cream and sweet pepper jelly -- all specialties created and prepared by Sugar Coated Radical.Now, after all of that, is there any doubt I'm a specialist in See-Food? I think not.
<review# 763,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2012,10/15/2012,159,524,5,9,6>I'm not sure whether Sweet Auburn Bakery's location in the Sweet Auburn Curb Market is a blessing or a curse for me. On one hand, the neighborhood is dicey and riddled with some rough looking street urchins. On the other hand, this ensures that I shop with the speed of a cheetah, thus avoiding the likelihood of any impulse buys. Food: Sweet  Auburn Bakery offers an extensive assortment of desserts and pastries, including danishes, tarts, cupcakes, cookies, brownies, cheesecakes (slice & whole), muffins, and croissants. My personal favorites are the peanut butter cookie and the carrot cupcake, both of which are consistently flavorful and perfectly baked. Although I've never tried it myself, I have been told that the sweet potato cheesecake is the most popular item on the menu - so much so that it was featured on Rachael Ray's Atlanta episode of "$40 a Day". Service: Friendly, patient, and knowledgeable about the products. They even voluntarily offer to validate your parking, which is more than I can say for the vast majority of the other vendors in the market. All orders are placed at the counter and the staff box up your purchase as you wait. Although lines do occasionally form, the wait time for service is typically minimal. Atmosphere: The bakery does not have its own seating section, but there are a handful of tables around the corner if you'd like to sit down and enjoy your purchase in house. It's also important to remember that this place is located in the middle of a public market, so this probably isn't the ideal destination for a quiet dessert date. Cost: Refreshingly inexpensive compared to most other bakeries in Atlanta. All desserts and pastries are less than $5, while most are $1-$3. Other: Sweet Auburn Bakery adheres to the same hours of operation as the Market: Monday-Saturday, 8AM-6PM. Credit cards are accepted. Parking is available in the lot directly behind the Market (off Jessie Hill Dr. Drive). First time visitors should note that there is a fee for parking - however, any vendor can validate your parking ticket if you make a purchase.
<review# 764,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2012,10/14/2012,149,183,8,3,4>I'm just a girl, sitting in front of a tureen of hot boiled peanuts, asking them...to love her.I might have gotten too excited about boiled peanuts, but they're amazingly awesome here. Pair that with a dog, brat, or veggie dog and some waffle frie-WAFFLE FRIES? I know, don't get away with yourself now, they're only the best thing that has ever happened to any "want some fries with that?" dining experience. I had the Dublin dog, Irish banger, served in a bun that is squared off at the bottom. Topped with cheddar-beer mustard and bacon braised cabbage. Can you imagine an arrangement of words so satisfying? Nope.I'd advise you to eat at HD1 with your least judgmental of friends. I was losing that cheddar-beer mustard all over my face. "Saving it for later"
<review# 765,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2012,10/13/2012,107,124,3,7,5>I love this place!  The food keeps me coming back, but the service is hit or miss though.  I've gone here had AWESOME to "I'm about to leave" service.  That's why I can' give them that extra star!  I've been here numerous times, since it's so close to me.  I've never been disappointed with any of the dishes I've had.Some of my favorites:- Fried Wild Tennessee River Catfish:  Good quality fish, doesn't have any fishy smell or taste!  Not over cooked either!  - Fish and "Chips":  The Jalapeno chips are a little on the salty side, so stick to the regular chips.  If you tell the server, they can "sprinkle" less seasoning on the chips.- Our "Soon To Be Famous" Fresh Blackened Grouper: YOU CAN'T GO WRONG WITH THIS ONE!!!- Hot Buttered LOBSTER Roll (seasonal): This is my all time favorite dish at TBK!  I'm always sad when they don't have it.  Very generous helping of lobster on a buttery goodness roll, WITH extra butter to dip!  Heart attack, YES, but WORTH IT!!!! - Tuna Poke: I've actually ordered this for dinner as opposed to a appetizer, YUM! - Fresh Oysters: Have never disappointed or caused me to spit it out!  Love the boiled peanuts they give you when you are seated.  If the server doesn't drop a bucket off, ASK!!!  Prices are good for fresh seafood.  Thur - Sun they have live music on the patio.  It's pretty fun, but gets too loud for me.  I hope the service gets better, and the food stays DUH-licious! :)
<review# 766,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/3/2012,10/12/2012,86,149,3,5,3>Driving along Paces Ferry, my eyes were delighted to fall upon the magical Orient Express. As soon as I saw the makeshift train station setup of this restaurant, I knew that I had to go there.My friend and I stopped in early one Sunday evening for a sushi dinner. The "station" of a restaurant is divided into three units: one for sushi, one for chinese, and another for Hibachi. I didn't get a chance to really explore the inside as we decided to sit outside on the patio for a prime view of the train platform design of the exterior. I felt like a little kid because I thought that this was so freaking cool.The sushi menu was reasonable, but a bit on the pricier side (keep in mind that this is coming from the girl who has grown accustomed to the moderately priced menu at Maki Fresh). The small seaweed salad was $5.50, and the scallop roll that I ordered was about $8.00.Our server was very pleasant and accommodating. When I requested a non-spicy scallop roll, he obliged my request. When I mentioned that the texture was a bit a mayonnaise-y for my liking, he immediately sent the roll back and had it re-made. I am always partial to a place where the staff will do whatever it takes to improve the experience for the customer, and that is just what they did here.The restaurant was also a diverse, family friendly place. I noticed a lot of daddy and son dates around us, and there were a few elderly couples indulging in quality asian delicacies. Clearly, the joint has widespread appeal. The location is a bit far from my Buckhead apartment, so I wouldn't go out of my way to go back there. There are just too many great sushi/asian places closer to home!Just a note...I might have given the place 5 stars had I not had my appetite slightly ruined by the canoodling couple on the bench outside of the lovely little train station. She was comfortably curled up in his lap as he stroked her hair. That's precious and all, but not what I'm trying to see when I'm dining with a friend in a family establishment. I know the restaurant itself couldn't necessarily prevent this from happening, but it was a swaying factor in the overall dining experience.
<review# 767,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2012,10/11/2012,46,137,,5,3>This is SUCH a great park.  I really, really enjoy walking the puppy over there.  The best part of the park is that you can sit outside and listen to the band that's playing at the Masquarade... sometimes that's a good thing and sometimes that's a bad thing.  ;)The best part is the Splash Pond.  I keep forgetting about it so every time we walk over there and I'm in regular clothes I get bummed out.  But no more - I plan to check it out next weekend in the bathing suit.  Looking for something funny?  Read the rules for the Splash Pond - fecal emergency.  Yup, I said it.Great kids sections too - there are 2, one near the skate park and one just behind AMLI Old 4th Ward.  The skate park is a little far off from where the main part is but it's still worth it to get over there - especially with all the work they are doing right now.
<review# 768,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2012,10/10/2012,296,419,2,5,6>Ok....seems like I jumped the gun on Community Q on my last review. I finally tried their St. Louis Ribs and Beef rib and I thought it was delicious!I can now see why they are top 4 BBQ places in Atlanta (Fat Matt's, Fox Bros, Heirloom BBQ). Their St. Louis rib is tender but the meat doesn't fall off the bone like Fat Matt's. It is a different variation of the BBQ rib but  a good different. The rib was quality and tasty.Beef rib was delicious as well. You get 2 ribs instead of a whole rack (cause you know cows are bigger animals then pigs...LOL). The meat on the beef rib was soft.I think (not positive) that I interacted with the owner of the restaurant at the cash register. He was very friendly and funny. It is a good thing to be able to interact with people who are invested in their restaurant. It brings a family feel to the place.Definitely adding Community Q as places to go when I have a craving for ribs.
<review# 769,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2012,10/9/2012,47,125,5,10,5>If you read my reviews, you know I rarely get excited about any new places I try. You also know it's worth a trip to see it for yourself if I give it a 5 star because let's face it, I'm one of the pickiest reviewers in term of taste and service in the world. I first stumbled upon this hidden jem when looking up good lunch places around the A. Yelp reviewers made this one of the up and coming spots since it's only been around for 3 weeks. I mentioned this place to my friends, and due to its closeness to Emory, we went---and what a great choice it was! When we first walked in, the restaurant gave a very friendly vibe. There are various faces that denote the country ie style of sandwhich you want. Since we ate at an odd time, seven hens was not that busy. As a result, we had a chance to interact with the chef, Ryan, and restaurant owner/visionary, Michael. Both were extremely nice guys as they explained the concept of seven hens and how it came to fruition. I chose India as my country, and had it with tofu on a whole wheat baguette with their indian spice rub and house cucumber salad to top. As a side, my friend and I split their fries. The first thing to note is how fresh everything is---all items are made to order (including the fries), and Ryan does it right in front of you! My indian tofu sandwhich was exactly what I wanted; big and messy, and the tofu was rubbed with wonderful indian spices which balanced perfectly with the housemade cucumber salad...[salivating yet? ;)]. The fries (hefty portion of about 6-7 ounces) had the perfect crunchiness because Ryan is a god of fries and oiled/seasoned them to perfection. One of my friends chose Mexico, and he said it was one of the best sandwhiches he has had in awhile. My other friend made his own country and really liked the combination of hummus with avacado. For desert, they have king of pops popsicle! I almost died when I saw that. I mean, it's THE BEST IDEA EVER!!!! King of Pops is a staple to Atlanta and they had the best flavors too (chocolate sea salt, rasberry lime bar, etc). NO matter what time of day you go, you will be treated like the god and godess you think you are. The service is awesome; the people are friendly, and every bite of the food you choose hits that spot in your belly that tells you a restaurant like this doesn't come around too often. You gotta give this place a try! It's da bomb diggity.
<review# 770,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2012,10/8/2012,47,112,8,12,9>The vegan gods have shined on Atlanta. In my 19 years in the city, this is the best addition to veg eating I've seen. (Yes, even better than when Cafe Sunflower opened its doors back in the our-options-are-stark days.)I've had the pleasure previously of eating their baker/owner's cooking previously, & Dough gives her the chance to shine with her phenomenally delicious baked goods. Molasses cookies, banana cake with peanut butter icing, chocolate chip cookies, gluten-free brownies, sticky buns... omg. Each of the 3 times I've been the case has been full of so many gorgeous selections I almost cried over having to make a decision. (Admittedly, once I did opt for the vegan soft-serve with chocolate sauce.)Gutenfleisher's has been around a bit, with faux meats available for pick-up, so that's another privilege I've had. But in the past, my husband would bring home some of their deli meats & assemble our sandwiches at home. Not. The. Same. Dough's deli sandwich station lets you choose your own toppings (like a homemade vegan mayo), & you can get extra goodies like double "meat", add tempeh bacon, or dare to eat the Dagwood which is exactly what it sounds like - a sandwich tall enough to reach the heavens. They also still offer bulk meats for you to take home. I doubt I'll ever do this, because I'd rather be at Dough for the experience.It's a great people-watching spot because you see vegans visit for their first time with eyes wide open in shock, people who stumble in out of curiosity then begin eating & have similar looks of shock on their faces. ("You mean there's no meat in this? And no butter or eggs or milk in this cake?" was a recent comment I overheard.) I love you, Dough. I promise to forever do so. Can I move in with you?
<review# 771,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2012,10/7/2012,209,595,4,8,6>Dumb ass that I am, I decided to stuff my DSLR in my purse to and from DC instead of putting it in it's nice padded case.  First thing I do when I get into my airplane seat is "place" my purse under the seat.  Crash!  I picked my purse back up and found some piece of filter covering the bottom of my purse.  When I went to try and remove the filter it wouldn't come off the lens; one of the filter sides was bent due to an earlier fumble.  I didn't want to take the chance of fucking up my expensive lens so I brought the lens to KEH.  They are located in an unassuming office park complex in Smyrna.  The front door is locked, but once you ring the bell they will buzz you in.   The front desk person was extremely helpful.  While there I decided my camera needed to be cleaned too, so I dropped both lens and body off. They called me about 4 days later and all was fixed and good as new, just the way I like it.  I asked if they sold filters since I knew it would take me awhile to pick a new one up.  Lady said they didn't, but then went and snagged an extra they had and gave it to me free of charge.  It's the little things!
<review# 772,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2012,10/6/2012,30,507,12,13,9>I've written and deleted this review at least three times and finally settled for this draft so bear with me, I will probably edit this any second now!I have been to Bocado many times for lunch but thought, with the empty parking lot and lights off inside, they were closed. Finally, on a random Tuesday, we decided to try the door and sure enough, bliss-they were open. My foodie idol, Richard R., has raved about Bocado for months and considering I have a weakness for beef (use your imaginations) I had to try the famed stack burger and I have to say it did not disappoint. We were seated on the back wall so I had full view of the entire restaurant. Once we were seated I enjoyed not having the lights on. It was quiet, very calming and a tad romantic, even for lunch. The bar was interesting with the black half pipes stuffed with wine bottles, chic metal chairs and tea light candles across it. The decor inside was very modern with a corner full of different sized lamp shades, one that looked a bit obnoxious but I won't go in to that. I loved the black table in the center with all the yummy desserts on display, table water, napkins and extras for the staff to grab. It really made me feel like I was eating at a friends house despite not being able to see the kitchen. I ordered the stack burger with garlic, parmesan fries and requested it be cooked medium rare. Go ahead, you food Nazi's, chastise me for eating somewhat raw meat but I think anything over medium is a waste! I want to taste the meat not just eat Slim Jim rations. I could hardly contain myself when I saw the waitress carrying over the plate. I was literally clapping and had a huge smile across my face anticipating as it got closer and closer. She put it down in front of me with a small cup of pickles and I almost cried, wait, are those bread and butter pickles?! Just like my beef, I take my pickles seriously! (do NOT use your imagination!) The first bite was heavenly. The bun was toasted, the meat was tender and perfectly cooked, the sweet taste of the pickle and the melted cheese now covering my thumb seemed like an erotic dream. Why on earth had I waited so long?! I have just found my 2nd favorite (tied with another place) burger in the US! Yes, my loyal readers, I have traveled to CT just to try a burger and I have to say, the pickle is what put it over the edge. Needless to say, after my first bite I was not worth conversation until my plate was clean. I could go on about how the fries dipped in their homemade ranch also brought on excited laughter, or the coke served in a Spanish style glass bottle, brought me back to my Spring Breaks in Cancun but no, the burger is all I can find myself thinking about! I wake up in a cold sweat imagining my first bite and of course, the way I slowly licked my fingers when I was done. Bocado, you have won this girls heart of beef! If only you allowed me to dry hump the chefs leg with gratitude.
<review# 773,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/30/2012,10/5/2012,187,323,9,4,3>Not a place for lunch unless you have time on your hands.Sushi Nami closes at 2:30pm and when I showed at twenty after was told that "I could get food to go" (they close between 2:30 & 5:00pm) since I wanted to sit and enjoy lunch this didn't work for me that day.Next lunch visit, Eventually someone came to the table with water then Adam (bartender in the other room) comes to the table and took an order for Chawan Mushi this takes thirty minutes to make which I was perfectly fine with. I kept waiting for my waitress to show so that I could give her my lunch order and yet know one came to the table....I sat there for 21 minutes doing nothing.Finally an order is placed for Ramen and wait, so now I'm there for 40 minutes with nothing in front of me before food shows up and a weak excuse from the waitress . When asked about speaking to a manager I was told there isn't one in the afternoons to talk to about the lack of service or time issues, great.I was told there was Pork in the Ramen good give me the pig ! Turns out it's Pork Belly. The flavors not bad but there is No Meat it has A piece of fish cake and a little cabbage hmm ?At this point am getting a bit pissed spoke to Adam and asked for the check.Didn't try the Chawan Mushi and am quite sad about this.Nami needs to step up it's game I was really looking forward to giving it a 5 instead of dropping them down to a 3.
<review# 774,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2012,10/4/2012,41,132,7,5,11>I love this place, as much as I love every yelper who wrote a comment on this page. You guys are part of the legend!I came here with my coworkers and I am the only lady. We got very good seats at the bar - around 10pm Friday night. We just couldn't help tipping EVERY dancer, MULTIPLE times, for many reasons: 1) real grandmas  2) I love it that a lady spanked to Beat It. Beat it! 3) nipples on fire, yay! 4)trust me it was very entertaining, everyone was having fun. BTW the bartender with tattoo was smoking hot!And I overheard a story: someone actually met his wife here, and it is where they had the first kiss! They've been married for years and come back to visit sometimes. This is what I call AWESOME. (Thanks to the lady who shared this story; add me if you see this review!)Forget Buckhead, all the snobbish, pretentious people and places. This place is cool as hell, and I felt truly happy with the crowd: old, young, minorities, straight, gay... I'll definitely be back because I didn't see Blondie.
<review# 775,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2012,10/3/2012,433,615,12,15,13>Let me start by saying that I am an Atlanta native and therefore I have always LOVED The Varsity. Grease, Attitudes, Oily Pigeons, Crowds, Nomads and All! :) This is an Atlanta Thing so if you didn't grow up on it then it may not be for you! I'd advise newbies to take an antacid PRIOR to going. If you do not take an antacid and it's your first time DO NOT GET THE ORANGE FROSTY! You want to build up to that. Trust me! This restaurant has been open since 1928. That's 84 years of grease in one damn spot!!!!! Amazing!As soon as you enter you'll hear people shouting "What'll Ya Have? What'll Ya Have? What'll Ya Have?" Don't be alarmed! Those are the cashier's asking "What would you like to eat today?". Depending on whose yelling this statement you may want to hurry with your choice or you will be skipped while you figure out WTF you want. :)I happen to know that this is the World's Largest Drive-in Restaurant. It can hold upwards of 600 cars at one time. The space inside is really large and spread out into sections/rooms. Each room has a TV where you can watch sports or news all day long. Each TV is on a different channel. There are 20 or so cashiers running around behind the longest counter that I have ever seen to take your order. I don't recall the bridge area having any TV's. But there is no need for a TV in this area. You can see out of each side on this bridge that leads to the parking deck and trust me that show is usually a lot more entertaining than anything on TV. Too bad there's no volume. They have "Car Hops" outside if you decide to do Curb Side ordering. These guys are GREAT!!!! I have NEVER seen a female Car Hop here and I am fine with it. The male Car Hops are wonderful. They are always nice and friendly and many of them actually sing to you while you place your order. Now I am known to be a little bit of a flirt so that may be why I get a song and sometimes a dance while I am placing my order! Don't snooze on these guys ladies. Nipsy Russell got his start to fame here at The Varsity! LOLz!There is a Gift Shop over to the right as soon as you enter. They sell homemade Ice Cream and Fried Pies in that area as well. You can pick up your paper hat here too.THINGS HAVE CHANGED AT THE VARSITY!My family and I decided to stop by The Varsity to grab a late meal after watching my niece, Amber, perform in "Mozart's Le nozze di Figaro (The Marriage of Figaro)" at the Rialto. It was midnight when we arrived and were promptly told, to our surprise, that they close at 12:30. Huh 12:30 on a Friday night?  Sooooo, we quickly placed our orders after gasping at the new fancy (to The Varsity) menu. I think the gasp was mainly due to the price shock from seeing a Hot Dog Combo was about $8+. I ordered a Double Cheeseburger, an order of Fries, an order of Onion Rings and onions on the side (That I didn't get). My tab was less than $7. No soda. The shocker for me was the 1082 calories that the meal contained. YIKES! I think that over all the taste is much better than it was many years ago. And by this I mean it's not AS greasy as it once was. This may be why it feels as if the taste has changed some. As a child my father would bring me here at least once a week. I used to eat the Chili Dogs (don't eat pork anymore) and they were freaking GREAT! Great I tell ya!!!! On the menu are Hot Dogs, Burgers, Grilled Chicken sandwich, Chili, French Fries, Onion Rings, Fried Pies, Chicken Salad, Pimento Cheese, Milk Shakes, Ice Cream, Varsity Orange Drink, Coke Products, Sweet Tea and Garden Salads.So if you are in the mood for some excitement while you eat some Fast Food and you can handle a greasy meal then stop on by and  keep the lines moving along by thinking ahead about "What'll Ya Have? What'll Ya Have? What'll Ya Have?"youtube.com/watch?v=aR6fyoutube.com/watch?v=gJD3
<review# 776,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2012,10/2/2012,264,265,5,6,6>I was looking for a Sunday night haunt and I came here with a friend. The owner, Al, was so extremely gracious! The staff were absolutely wonderful, and the food even better. HOW TO FIND CAFE AGORADefinitely turn on E Paces Ferry Road- look for Agora on your left, complete with blue overheads. It's tiny and easy to miss. Parking is right behind it, though you'll be pressed during rush hours. Try parking in the $5 lot across from Blue Bottle, apparently it's free for Agora customers the first 90min.ATMOSPHEREPretty small, maybe 20 seater max. It's very small and intimate, but can easily get crowded. I imagine this eatery could fit perfectly back in Greece. I saw Al greeting his regular customers...I'm not going to lie, he runs this place like he's the friend of all his customers. Is this is the famous Greek hospitality shining through from mythological times?FOODAdana Kabob ("15.75"): spiced lamb kabobs with rice, salad, and tzatiki. Delicious. Lamb gaminess was very toned down and the spices complemented it very well.Mezze Platter ("9.99"): The website and menu said "combination plate of humus, eggplant salad, babaganush, ezme, kisir, and piyaz, plus daily appetizer specials". We didn't get kisir, but we had haydari and aubergine instead. I though the aubergine/eggplant salad was really intense for me in terms of the vinaigrette taste, but everything else was delicious. The haydari is to die for.Rice pudding: ugh, delicious.  Baklava: this was to die for.SO DELICIOUS. ...QUIRKS.I was quite turned off by the arbitrary pricing. I ended up being charged 14.85 for the Adana, and 15 for the mezze platter. I was really in a hurry and Al threw in 2 rice pudding cups and tiny blocks of baklava, so I was uncomfortably hard-pressed to say anything too. TL;DRThe food is damn delicious (highlights were adana, haydari, rice pudding, and baklava), but the pricing is pretty arbitrary so bring cash...just in case.
<review# 777,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2012,10/1/2012,317,400,4,9,4>GREAT GREAT GREAT GREAT boxing club! I've been going here for over half a year now and love it. I'm here every week and actually hate if I end up missing a week. It is a great workout and fun at the same time. Biggs (the owner) is awesome and definitely knows everything about boxing. He is very reputable and has trained several semi-pro/pro boxers. I definitely recommend joining Decatur Boxing Club. Oh yeah and not to mention, the prices are great!
<review# 778,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2012,9/30/2012,45,86,10,8,9>Everyone needs something in his/her life that consistently and substantially makes him/her happy, and not just during time of exposure, but something that uplifts his/her mood for a couple of days thereafter, the kind of joy that puts a spring in your step and keeps you awake at night.  Everyone needs a place to go where the people know him/her on a first name basis and where he/she is warmly greeted and given special treatment each and every time.  I sincerely hope that you have a source of happiness as I have just described.  For me, that source of happiness is improv comedy at the Relapse Theatre.  Damn, the way I kiss their asses, you'd think that they paid me.  But no, they're just that entertaining and that good to me, and I cannot emphasize that enough.  They've exceeded all my expectations with regards to both comedy and hospitality.  I've been to Relapse over a dozen times, and along the way, so many of the improv actors have gone out of their way to be exceptionally kind to me.  Even the locally famous Deckerettes, three hot chicks that bartend, bend over backwards to welcome me, which is remarkable given that I'm sort of a square who doesn't drink AT ALL.  Heck, I was even called "the best fan ever" and was invited to ride the Relapse Theatre float at last year's Little Five Points Halloween Parade!  :)  I don't get this fervent over much, and if this review update seems like a total love fest, that's because I simply cannot hide my effusive adulation.  Further attestant of my love for Relapse, I'm responsible for inviting and bringing two dozen different friends to Relapse's Friday night lineup.  They've made comments such as, "That was so much fun," and, "Thanks for broadening my (entertainment) horizons."   If I ever host one of those UYEs, I just know that it'll be for the Friday night tandem of Automatic Improv and 2Girls3Eyes.  Addendum:  Everything in my previous review is still valid, and here are a few points that I should have mentioned had I not been so green at the time; Relapse was my 2nd review.  Are you a student?  Bam!  You get discounted admission.  Did you show up for the first show of the evening?  Bam!  You get to see every subsequent show of that night for FREE.  Don't like paying for parking?  Boom!  Plentiful FREE parking behind the building and in the lot across the street.  Don't like assigned seating?  Boom!  Even when I show up with absolutely no time to spare, I can usually still find a front row seat.  Are you tired of being painfully, egregiously unfunny?  Booyah!  Ask about Relapse University comedy classes.  Do you want the ladies of Relapse to tickle your funny bone?  Is your funny bone in your pants?  Boing!  "The Girls of Relapse 2013" calendar is in pre-production.If I didn't already make this abundantly clear, I greatly admire what these folks do on stage.   I've been attending approximately once per month for the past year, and I roll in there each and every time with the enthusiasm of an 8-year-old on Christmas morning.  Can you feel how hard I'm nerding out for them?  I prefer the short-form improv of Automatic Improv and 2Girls3Eyes because I like to yell outlandish suggestions and have them incorporated into the shows. That way, I get a sense of being part of the experience.  Moreover, if I don't particularly enjoy a certain skit, that's okay because I know that it'll be over in 5 minutes.  But if short-form improv isn't your cup of tea, Relapse features long-form improv, sketch comedy, comedy musicals, stand-up comedy, open-mic nights, etc.  And don't worry if you get dragged on stage.  Even if a volunteer isn't funny, the Relapse family is so skilled that they can make that volunteer SEEM funny.  Straight magic right there.    So get out, and support your local comedy actors!  They'll entertain your face off!
<review# 779,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2012,9/29/2012,322,320,5,11,11>I adopted my dog, Calvin, from here. Actually, my ex did, but I kept the dog, which was the only thing worth saving from that situation. true story. Initially, we came to 'look' the day before my birthday. But honestly its hard to leave because you feel bad. Is it part of 'Christian guilt'? I don't know, but there are so many puppies. In the front room there are a lot of cute and adorable puppies you can play with and hold, probably the ones that have a higher chance of getting adopted. There are also some kittens but I didn't look closely. Then, if you go further back there are whole kennels of older dogs, there are so many of them it gets hard to remember. My puppy was originally named 'Indian' but I renamed him. He came with all of his shots and neutered and microchipped. I think the adoption fee comes to about $165. Then we got a crate, food, collar, toys. This was a lot of money. But the humane society gives you a red leash that has 'ATLANTA HUMANE SOCIETY' written on it. It's a good advertisement, especially when you have a cute puppy everyone wants to pet. I think they do a good job with the resources that they have. I saw people taking the dogs out for walks. I think if you can't commit to a dog then you can volunteer, I think the dogs would really love to go out on walks. All the people here were really nice and helpful. I have no idea what their vet services are like. I'm really glad I got my puppy, who is now a huge 4 year old pit bull lab mix. He's really sweet. Actually, I had mentally put him on my check list when we first saw him, and took a walk to see the other dogs. When I came back, there was another girl holding him. My heart sank a little. But she decided not to adopt him. So I think my dog and I were meant for each other. Even though through all the years my dog has been a headache, eaten many shoes, clothes, glasses, furniture, and so on, he is the highlight of my day. I think if you want to get a dog from a breeder, you should really reconsider and visit the humane society. Its definitely worth a visit.
<review# 780,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2012,9/28/2012,119,163,4,6,5>Hibachi is something that has very little variation. They use the same ingredients and cooking method so you aren't going to see anything surprising. The food tasted pretty much like all hibachi I have ever had but the steak and shrimp was cooked perfectly, which I think would be pretty challenging.I liked the shrimp tempura roll I ordered and the fact that it was free made it taste even better. I don't think hibachi is something you really crave or rave about the taste of the food but it has its draws which are the large group seating and the show, which soothes my pyromaniac urges. In conclusion if someone suggests hibachi I would take them here.
<review# 781,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2012,9/27/2012,215,493,3,5,6>I've been to a few rum tasting events at the Tower Tasting room and I love it. It's a great size for a tasting, it has a nice kitchen with space for prepping food and drinks, and there is plenty of room for people to sit, sip and talk about it all. Parking is abundant and it's right next to the Tower store so you can pop right over after your tasting and buy something you tried and liked. The people running it are so nice (Gregg is awesome!) and the tastings are always really fun (and you definitely get sizable tastes to help you decide how you feel about the drinks). The bathroom is very nice, too. I'll be back!
<review# 782,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2012,9/26/2012,214,189,3,11,6>My first visit to NaanStop was on their first day of opening--I was probably within the first ten customers--they had signage up asking to excuse any missteps in their workflow. I'm happy to say that aside from some issues with the register, the ordering process here was, for the most part, pretty easy and relatively quick when there's not a huge line.My first meal here, a Naanwich with Chicken Tikka Masala with fries, was something of a soggy mess: the Naanwich erupted sauce from its ends with every bite, and after a few minutes delay in eating, the fries were that odd combination of nicely crispy where dry and limply soggy where drowned in sauce.I've returned twice since then to opt for the rice bowl, which handles the sauce far better than the bread. While this necessitates (well, 'necessitates" for this carb-addict) ordering a side of naan to up the price of a lunch closer to ten dollars (depending on what you get), my last visit gave me a sizeable amount of food for a decent value.My advice: if you're having a Naanwich, get the sauce on the side. If you have a rice bowl, get additional sauce on the side. Ask for sauce on the side for the fries.
<review# 783,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2012,9/25/2012,67,77,3,8,7>Cibo e Beve. Eat and Drink. Yes sir. Well actually, can't I just beve? With the talented James Potter manning the muddler and flaunting a host of ingredients not seen on anyone's cocktail menu since cocaine was legal, I braved the Friday after work Roswell Road traffic in search of beve bliss.The"Aviation" is my opening number. A classic from turn of the twentieth century New York, in addition to gin and lemon, it features the rarely seen Creme de Violette and Luxardo Maraschino liqueurs. This version uses "Aviation" gin, a relatively new product out of Portland, Oregon. While Aviation Gin's light on the juniper recipe is welcomed, I find the Creme de Violette too "scented".Next up, the "Tuxedo T-Shirt". The classic "Tuxedo Cocktail" in millennial drag, featuring Hayman's Old Tom Gin (truly a classic), Earl Grey Syrup, Drambuie, lemon.  The finishing touch is Absinthe, the drink of choice for Belle Epoque era artists such as Vincent Van Gogh. Fortunately, I didn't slice off my ear afterwards but I didn't go home and paint Starry, Starry Night either. And like the great artist, this cocktail is complex, inscrutable. A fine drink meriting further study.Its another Friday night and once again I wade into the murky waters of cocktails past. The first shot over the bow is the "Articles of the Confederacy'". Prepared by its creator, Justin, peach infused Jim Beam, Luxardo Maraschino liqueur, Red Silence tea infused vermouth (an excellent beverage in its own right) and bitters is surprisingly sweet, virtually ensuring the South will not rise again. The "Absinthe Minded Professor." Just what the guy who forgets everything needs. Woodford Reserve Bourbon, Grand Marnier, chai infused vermouth, oh hell - what else, oh yeah, my old hallucinogenic friend Absinthe (duh), bitters and a flamed orange. Created by James Potter, this competition winner is as unique (due to the chai infused vermouth) as it is eye opening.The sampled apps; meatballs, salumi, formaggi, H&F Italian bread, are all of a high quality, but its the updated classic cocktails that are this bee's knees.
<review# 784,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2012,9/24/2012,245,301,7,8,6>I drive out of my way for Tacos la Villa. Not far out of the way, but I definitely take a different way home from work. They have some of the best tacos in the area, and they have some pretty tough competition.If not the best tasting, they are definitely the best value. All of the tacos are $1. They are very small, so I usually order about 5 and a Victoria and my order comes out right at 9 bucks.The pork (al pastor) and steak (asada) are my favorite. They are simply prepared. Just a little double corn tortilla and whatever protein you pick. It's up to you to dress them up the way you like them with a decent sized salsa bar. I'm easy: cilantro, onions, lime and salsa verde and I'm a happy guy.It's in an old Quiznos across from Best Buy, and for some reason they elected to keep a lot of the old decorations including the Quiznos open sign and a few other scattered remnants.
<review# 785,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2012,9/23/2012,17,20,20,6,3>You would think by my light complexion that I was pure vanilla-man, but you would be surprised to learn that I am actually half-Iranian. I grew up eating authentic Persian cuisine thanks to my mother, who is the best mom in the world. So let's just say there was a little bias when entering Colbeh; could this Persian cuisine even compete with the home-cooked meals I grew up with?After dining at Colbeh, one thought stood out in my mind:What the hell kind of garbage has my mom been feeding me?I ordered the koobideh kabob with the lubia polo rice. I was completely unprepared for the blast of flavor I was about to succumb to. That koobideh kabob was SO GOOD. I have never had koobideh like that in my life. The taste of that delectable meat was only slightly soured by the disappointment I felt not growing up with it. Maybe if my mother spent a little more time cooking and a little less time raising me, I could have had this food all my life (along with severe abandonment issues).Due to recent events, I am forced to downgrade my mom to second best mother in the world. Colbeh Persian Kitchen & Bar is my new mom now.In old mom's defense, I thought her lubia polo bested Colbeh's. In a perfect world, I would have two moms - Colbeh and my biological mother would get married in some kind of strange, lesbian, woman-building ceremony and create the perfect Persian food.
<review# 786,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2012,9/21/2012,78,155,12,9,13>Finally! I feel like I've experienced an Atlanta foodie rite of passage. Y'all, I had The Burger.I knew about The Burger long ago. In fact, this was actually not my first attempt to nab one. About a year and a half ago, I tried to go with a group of friends; there were maybe 10 of us. If you are thinking of visiting, let me give you the heads up now: it is NOT built for large groups. There is some seating for large parties, but there's not much seating at all, period. So don't think you're getting one of those precious burgers at 10 p.m. if you show up with 10 people at 9. Not. Gonna. Happen.My second attempt was more recent, just this past December, and only with two other people. "Surely," I thought, "surely this will be my moment." Nope. At 8:45 p.m., the table wait was about an hour and half, and the burgers were already sold out. Once again, I left in a cloud of hunger and disappointment.But this past Sunday, I finally got smart. Why try for one of the elusive 10 p.m. burgers at all? I mean, honestly, do I need to be eating a huge pile of meat, cheese, and fried potatoes at 10 p.m. anyway? No, I do not. So why not hit up H&F on a Sunday morning for brunch, when burgers literally flow as if they were manna from Heaven? And that, folks, is how I now find myself amongst the local blessed/cursed. Blessed, because I have experienced what is likely to be the most delicious burger I will ever eat. Two rounds of juicy, oh-so-tender, perfectly cooked and seasoned beef, topped with the melted cheese. Sandwiched between them, wisps of red onion so thin they are like angels' wings. Four thick, crunchy slices of bread & butter pickles that bring the perfect amount of sweetness. And all this, nestled in a buttery, grilled bun that is at once both perfectly fluffy and yet substantial enough to hold it all together. The house-made ketchup and mustard on the side were amazing, but absolutely unnecessary. The Burger sings, y'all. And the fries? They do The Burger justice. Which is saying something.And why am I cursed? Because I can't stop thinking about it. And you won't be able to, either.
<review# 787,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2012,9/20/2012,315,451,9,10,9>Excellent pita!!!!!!!! Dirt cheap and made right in the bakery. If you filled my home with these and pushed me to the farthest point from the exit, I'd gladly gnaw my way through, that's how good these things are.If you are lucky, you will get them still warm (which was the good fortune I had the first time I came here). I ate like 3 or 4 of them on my way up to the North Georgia outlets. With all the walking you have to do there, I think I was justified in my calorie intake.Anyway, I came back about 2 weeks ago and got a chicken shawarma wrap, made with said pita. O M G ! ! Delicious. I am thinking about an excuse to make my way back to this amazing place.
<review# 788,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2012,9/19/2012,338,442,4,14,6>What in the world is this place doing in Peachtree City?  It belongs with the big boys in the ATL!Actually, if these guys decided to move into Atlanta Metro proper, they would absolutely RULE THE ROOST in regards to Arab-Mediterranean food-HANDS DOWN. Wife and I came here as a group of 9- one of our couple friends knew the owners pretty well (through repeated visits and referrals), and arranged ahead of time for us to be able to taste a good number of offerings. (Thank you Wendi and David D.! Their prior reviews can be found below)Even before getting to the entree, we were stuffing ourselves with the pita, dipping it in literally the best hummus, baba ganoush, yogurt, and one more dip (made with thyme and sesame seeds) that I've ever had. And yes, I've had local food in Egypt and Israel, so I'm not a newbie to this type of cuisine. Even the salad we had was awesome. The sides of lightly fried cauliflower and potatoes were also really really good. Whatever the potatoes were seasoned with...we couldn't define it, but we certainly noticed- AWESOME texture and flavor.The meat platter came out with generous portions of chicken, beef, and kufta kebab (mixed beef and lamb sausage) with some super tasty thin bread underneath it all to soak up the flavors.  The chicken was exquisitely seasoned- it's hard to make white meat burst with flavor and stay moist- but these guys managed to do it.  Hats off to them! The beef was cooked just right (medium) so that it was still tender. While the kufta was not as distinctive in flavor compared with what I've had elsewhere, it was still very good. We finished our feast with baklawa- rolled up instead of stacked- perfect sweetness (not too sweet), perfect texture- crisp and slightly crumbly. This is a meal we won't easily forget. I wish they'd move to the metro area.  Consider this review a formal request. :-)
<review# 789,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/4/2012,9/18/2012,163,191,3,7,8>I like this place; from the flirty baristas and yummy munchies in the display case to the ALMOND MILK options!!!  It's the 4th of July and I needed a place to study but wanted to steer clear of my regular spots in Midtown due to the race madness. Found JEACS on my trusty app but called ahead to see if they served almond milk, just to make sure my drive out wasn't a waste of time.  I was ecstatic when the gent on the phone said they carried it.  I was able to find street parking in front of the shop but that was only after passing it a couple of times trying to find the joint.(A huge tree is hiding the sign.)  I don't know if there is parking around(didnt see any) but that would be helpful. I would imagine the street fills up fast.  The interior is your typical indie coffee shop with varied clientele.  The seating is a little cramped and due to its popularity, hard to come by.  I enjoyed my latte and got a lot of work done so I'll definitely be back!!
<review# 790,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2012,9/17/2012,79,84,20,9,8>This, is the thing. Right here.Stone Bowl house (right next door) is closed on Wednesday, apparently so Grandma can have a break.  This resulted in our rolling over next door to Man Chun Hong.Thank the Gods.  The food at Man Chun Hong, is spectacular. Amazing. Just chain together as many positive adjectives into a continuous string and you're still not getting where we're going.Firstly, there is a secret.  You must knowingly raise one eyebrow and ask for the "Other" menu.  The secret Sichuan menu reserved for the servants of the Food Gods.  First, do that.The Hot and Sour Soup was liquid-incredible... and then I had the Baby Hot and Sour Wontons (which turned out to be another soup) and it was Liquid Effin Magic.  I mean, the flavor just blew the doors right the hell off. BANG.The dried fried eggplant was also unspeakably epic, as was the hot and numbing fish, which I continued eating at home for TWO DAYS.We couldn't wait to go back.  So we did.  The same week.The second time, I had the Golden Power Braised Ribs.  That's right, Golden. Power.  The name left me to expect some glowing, Mario World type powerup that would taste so good a raccoon tail would sprout out of my pants, or I would gain the ability to hurl golden hammers while jumping twenty feet into the air.  Its practically that good.  The ribs are braised and then fried in some insidiously perfect crust of sugary, lightly breaded magic.  Its pure Chinese sorcery.  I didn't even eat the leftovers.  I took them to a party and passed them around, brainwashing my friends and coworkers into mindless slaves of the Man Chun Hong.We are all going again as soon as humanly possible, to bow down at the altar of culinary wonder.
<review# 791,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2012,9/16/2012,62,121,13,6,4>Ali, Ali, Ali, why do you do this to me?  I'm at Perimeter Mall with my son minding my own darn business, and then my son asks for a cookie. I'm like, why go to that crappy place in the mall when we're just around the corner from cookie heaven?  Then I thought, do I really want to go in there?  What the heck, I'll just get him a sugar cookie...  So here I am in my dining room looking at this box of 7 cookies...again...  The Perimeter Plaza is like the Red Light District and Ali's is like the spot with the lady dancing in the window. You say you're just riding through for the experience. You say, "I won't get out; I just want to see if it's like everyone says it is." Then you say, "Okay, I'll go ahead and go inside just to get the full experience." The next thing you know, you're sitting at home feeling terrible about yourself, but thinking about how good it was while you were there and how you can't wait to go again.  Curse you Ali, you wonderful shop of pleasure!This trip I got the sprinkle, 2 snickerdoodle, an apple pie, a chocolate chunk house specialty, an M&M sugar, and the chocolate salted caramel. All wonderful as usual!
<review# 792,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2012,9/15/2012,193,304,2,9,7>This place hits the right note on many of the things that I like: big flavored, creative, often gastro-pub style dishes, emphasis on local sources and inspirations, seriously good bar.  The interior is one of the most beautiful in Atlanta, at once artful, rustic, playful, but also refined.  The overall feel of the place and food style are similar to H&F and Abattoir.  The charcuterie plate is in the top three in Atlanta.  The meats offered are ever-changing, with less emphasis on salty cured meats and more on luscious pates and sausages, which I quite like.  Menu is packed with hearty, bold flavor dishes with playful twists, and regularly changing interesting specials, never boring to read.  Duck confit next to a lobster roll next to a kimchee pork shoulder next to a rabbit sugo next to bottarga pasta, for example.  It's an easy menu to peer through and find many things that look interesting to eat, which to me is very important and difficult to find.  I would say most of the dishes I've had have been executed very nicely, with one or two occasional hiccups, but no single dish is transcendental.  The strength lies in how easy it is to have a good meal here.  The constant that holds everything together is the burger, which is probably also in the top three in Atlanta.  The style is similar to Bocado and H&F which is to say very simple double patty with a ton of flavor, top notch bun, with just American cheese, except the McDowell is saucy and has lettuce.  It's a phenomenal burger although the lettuce is quite unnecessary.  Whats more, I find the fries one of the best as well.  Its presence means you can stop by Local Three casually, rather than making it an event; and their nice patio will happily accommodate an ultra-casual stop.Drink selections are likewise superb.  The (well-known) highlight is bourbon as they are serious enough to do a flight program and have 40+ kinds.  But they are no slouch in the wine, beer, and mixed drink departments either, with 100+ good wines and beers each to choose from, and cocktails that keep up with (although not quite as good as those of) luminaries like H&F, Leon's, Bocado, Sound Table.  This is overall one of the best and most versatile restaurants in Atlanta.  I love it.
<review# 793,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2012,9/14/2012,354,392,6,6,6>I'm pretty embarrassed to say this, but I went to The Porter for the first time a few weeks ago.  I worked a few doors down for years and walked by it every day and just never made it in.Big mistake, huge.Watching my favorite bums meander from inside while drinking awesome drinks = a great day off.  The fries are awesome.  The lemon gingerade is DANGEROUS.  My husband tried so many new beers we had to stumble home.  The salt and vinegar popcorn can be lethal.  People with us who ate it kept choking so here's a tip- they said try to keep from inhaling while stuffing it in your mouth and the vinegar won't get you.  You're welcome.We can't wait to go back.
<review# 794,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/12/2012,9/13/2012,131,163,21,11,13>When it comes to food, I have a list of personal guidelines that I don't generally share with the public.  I'll let Yelp in on a little secret though: Guideline #19 dictates that I will eat pretty much anything if you put a fried egg on it.So when I heard tales of a triple decker sandwich known as "The Cluck", and when I was told that the third layer consisted of bacon and a fried egg... I knew that I had to quest out to Grace 17.20 in Norcross to consume it.  So that's exactly what I did on my lunch hour today.What an interesting restaurant.  It's not the kind of place I would expect to feature a giant greaseball sandwich.  White linens, oak furniture, vaulted ceiling.  It looks like the kind of place I would take my mom for brunch.  Not generally the kind of place I frequent, but I was on a mission.I was quickly seated and attended to by the pleasant staff.  No, no.  I won't be needing that menu.  A higher purpose has called me here today, and I won't be deviated from my course.While my order is being processed, I look around the interior at the other diners.  A couple of tables feature a full compliment of very serious looking men in business suits.  Others prop up an assortment of lunching ladies.  An interesting mix!  Still, I feel slightly out of place, like perhaps I fibbed my way in posing as Abe Froman (The Sausage King of Chicago).  I munch on some of the fresh pumpkin bread to pass the time.  Delightful.Within 15 minutes, the object of my quest is presented to me in all of its triple-decker glory.  A layer of honey mustard chicken salad.  A second layer of breaded, fried chicken breast.  A third layer of bacon and the pièce de résistance, a perfectly fried egg.  All cradled by three pieces of nicely browned white toast.  On the side, a refreshing salad of green apple and jicama.I think I ate the entire thing without exhaling once.Ultimately Grace 17.20 is not the kind of restaurant that I will likely return to.  I didn't dig the vibe, kids.  While the service was fine the atmosphere just didn't feel inviting.  But the sandwich?  Oh, the  sandwich.Clucking fantastic.
<review# 795,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/26/2012,9/12/2012,70,58,11,16,16>How do you turn a 3-star review into a 4-star with a future option to upgrade to a 5?Let me tell you a little story.I've been a fan of Farm Burger since they opened.I genuinely like grass fed beef over the corn fed variety. When cooked well, it has more flavor and isn't as greasy and drippy. I'm not a huge fan of stuff dripping down my chin. It looks great on Padma Lakshmi (MMMM...). Less so on me. Besides, pasture based cattle farming is a tad easier on mother nature and lean meat is better for you.Since I turned the big 3-Oh a while back, I've eased off on my red meat consumption. So when I do let the werewolf out, about once a week, I like to know I'm getting something that will stave off the blood lust for another 7 days without feeling like I got shortchanged. FB has a fair selection of 'Blackboard Burgers' which are prominently displayed above the small bar on, you guessed it, a Blackboard. I've enjoyed most except for the Quinoa veggie burger which, to be perfectly honest, is a soggy mess that falls apart faster than a recovering streaker at Mardi Gras.If you know your burgers and condiments, I recommend that you build your own. Make sure you try the pork belly and the oxtail marmalade at some point. But what if you're on the once-a-week-beef-diet (don't pinch it, I'm going to make my fortune with it someday)? No problem! The #4 Blackboard Burger is what the doctor ordered. This is the BEST CHICKEN BURGER anywhere in town and it comes with Kale to balance out the crispy fried onion! Health conscience pacification accomplished.5 taps serve rotating drafts and they almost always carry at least one dark brown, scotch or amber ale. They also serve beer in other colors in cans and bottles. Great burgers. Creative, interesting and tasty condiments. Good selection of beer.Let's talk fries.As Michael L has mentioned, I've also found the fries to be somewhat inconsistent. On a good day, they are great. Nice, crispy, lightly seasoned without too much grease. But once in a while I have to send them back and wait for a new bucket to arrive. Aaaand ... this is where we answer my original question about stars. I was over at FB yesterday, hankering for a shot of iron and protein with a side of aged Vermont cheddar and a Monday night Scotch Ale. The burger, as usual, was perfect. Medium daringly bordering on rare without making a real commitment and a couple of minutes off the grill. I didn't like the fries. While the outside was crispy, almost crunchy, the inside was slightly underdone. Not palatable.So when someone came to ask me how everything was, I mentioned that the fries seemed to be having an off day. James?, who turned out to be the manager, immediately assured me they would fry a new batch and send over a complimentary bucket. Cool.The second batch was slightly better but not much more so. I finished my burger and was sipping the last third of my beer when James came back, noticed my still mostly uneaten fries and asked me if 'they were still off'Not wanting to be that guy (you know the guy who walks into a Taqueria and asks for a Kielbasa? True story ... I'll tell you another time) I assured him it was fine and everything else was great. He looked at me and said "No, it's not fine. We do burgers and fries. If you're not happy with the fries, 50% is a fail". Props. James asked me to stick around and said he was going to go find "chef". I had another hour before I needed to be anywhere so I said "sure".About 10 minutes later a plate of fries arrived. I nibbled on a couple and gave a thumbs-up to James. Better. Much, much better. I tried several times to return the giftcard that came on the side, but he would not hear of it. Mad props.Let me also mention that the place was pretty packed by then with the usual line almost to the door. Before heading out I headed back to the restroom. Chef, seeing me walking back, came up to me and apologized personally for the fries explaining that the crew had forgotten to blanch the fries as they typically do and thanked me for pointing it out so the other customers have a better experience the rest of the night. Yeah, jolly decent.So, that boys and girls is how you take your review from a 3 to a 4. Don't ever underestimate the value of making your customer feel like a partner. It will turn them into fans and get you free stars.To paraphrase James in conclusion, Farm Burger is a burger and fries joint. It's all they do.And they do a damn fine job.
<review# 796,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2012,9/11/2012,212,212,3,8,8>A 4 star rating fits Fox Bros perfectly. I feel that Fox Brothers might have the best overall BBQ in Atlanta, but their quality is pretty variable depending on when you go. I have had almost everything on their menu. The best dish there is the pork ribs. They are almost always tender and moist, with proper smoke and season. In fact, the flavor of the ribs are so good that you should eat them WITHOUT the sauce.The pulled pork here has ranged from spectacularly great to a little bit on the dry end. It has great smoke flavor though. The smoked chicken here is consistently good. It is heavily seasoned with this delicious powder and smoked for good measure. Do not skip the skin! Even if you are a fu fu health person, the skin is still for you  (the majority of the fat may have been rendered off by the smoking process).The sides here are pretty decent. My favorite is the brunswick stew and the backed beans. And one last note, DO NOT SKIP DESSERT. The banana pudding here is ungodly delicious. In fact, it was so good that it got me and my northern friends hooked on this quintessential southern dessert. So overall, great, but still with a flaws. And don't skip dessert.
<review# 797,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2012,9/10/2012,789,691,5,15,8>Yet Tuh (which means "old place") is one of my new favorite Korean restaurants - and I love that it's nearby. The food is very good, banchan selection is good, prices are reasonable (lower than Han Il Kwan), and they seem to lean toward healthier food. Examples -- they serve Bori-Bap Jung-Shik which has barley rice and tofu soup, their Duk Mandu Guk has no meat topping and the mandu is vegetarian, and their Yuk Geh Jang doesn't have much beef. And the crowd is mostly older Korean couples -- I rarely see families with kids, and I've never seen non-Koreans. BORI-BAP JUNG-SHIK - $8.99As Mike P said, this is their specialty dish. I'd say a good majority of the restaurant orders this. Keep in mind it's so popular, they might run out of barley rice ... that happened to my mom :( If you want Bori-Bap Jung-Shik, go early. In addition to barley rice, the dish also includes several vegetables (similar to the veggies in Bibim Bop), Denjahng Jigae (spicy fermented soy bean soup), and Tofu soup. The ingredients may sound boring but trust me, when you mix everything together, you get this very delicious comfort food that also happens to be very healthy (esp. the barley rice and tofu). You might not want to add all the tofu -- it does make your dish more bland although more healthy. You decide - healthy vs. flavor :)MACKEREL - $11.99Their grilled mackerel was very good, flavorful, and had a good amount of meat. YUK GEH JANG - $6.99My dad didn't complain so I guess he thought it was pretty good -- but I've had better. I think Han Il Kwan still wins for their Yuk Geh Jang. Portion was good - we had enough leftovers for a 2nd meal.DUK MANDU GUK - $7.99The broth was just ok and as I mentioned earlier, they didn't add any meat topping and the mandu was meatless too. The soup did include three king-size dumplings, lots of duk (nice texture), onions, egg, and kim (dried seaweed). Next time, I'd like to try their Kimbap, Ju-Mok Bap, and Soo Jae Bi. I heard their jigae's are good too. You might be interested in the Hwe Dub Bap esp. the $6.99 price -- BUT even though the menu says "raw fish" apparently it's cooked :( And almost forgot to mention service -- friendly but keep in mind there is just one server (who I think is also the owner). FYI - they're located in the former Abaee Noodle spot. If you haven't been to this strip mall before, drive all the way around to the very back.
<review# 798,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2012,9/9/2012,844,479,6,7,6>I experienced Party Chic this past Saturday - 3pm to 6pm for a Bridal Shower!  I had a nice time!It was a very nice day and Roswell was bumping with people shopping, dining and strolling.  However, Party Chic was empty.  I would have chalked it up to the time of day (between lunch and dinner) but there were so many people out and about on the street and at other restaurants and stores including Roswell Provisions, which is same ownership as PC.  I think it may be more so because of the fact that it's not as obvious a place as all the rest of the restaurants with front sidewalk patios and picnic areas.  I almost passed it though on the way down Canton St.  As others have mentioned, there is only a set of stairs with a small sign in front declaring Party Chic.  Parking would have been difficult if it were not for the hostess directing me before I got there.  On the weekends, you can park at Founders Hall down the street - it's a little bit of a walk, but it is stress free and no charge (other places charge $3 to park or to valet).On one hand, I think Party Chic is intended to be a bit of a girly party place and it is very different from most eateries in the area.  There are four different rooms and they're all decorated in a sort of funky zebra print with pink and black accents around.  On the other hand, I think if Party Chic was more focused as a regular restaurant, they'd get a ton more business.  They wouldn't even have to stop doing parties.We had cupcakes, cookies and bite-sized key lime pies.  Water was already on the table, which was a blessing after my couple-blocks walk from the car, in pants.  We also had champagne and were offered coffee and tea.  Everything was tasty and pleasant.  I did not get to see a normal menu, unfortunately.There are actually two toilets, as opposed to a previous review.  One is just a little less obvious than the other, being tucked inside another room while the first one is off the main room.By the time we left around 6pm there were 2 or 3 tables seated.I would definitely consider it for an event because the space is interesting and includes a bar!  The outside balcony is a plus, and there is room out there for at least 20 people, I'd guess.I'm feeling like it was an "A-OK" time but I am giving Party Chic 4 stars because I think there is a lot of potential here!  If it was the only business the owners had, I'd probably be a little disappointed because of the lack of action going on.  However, I know the downstairs market, Roswell Provisions, was packed and looked like a really great place.. so I see Party Chic as more of a side-show or bonus to RP.
<review# 799,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2012,9/8/2012,1424,609,49,45,50>My last few visits have went something like this:Me - Hey ChefC - You're backMe - Yep, I can't get enough of the shrimp n' gritsC - You order that all the time, try something new.  Today I'm making blackened fish fresh from the market (he also described all the ingredients).Me - Sounds good, but I'm really in the mood for shrimp & grits!C - Nope... You're ordering this!Me - But...C - *walks awayMe - *blank stare  O_oYou just don't know how EXCITING  that is to me! I've waited my whole life to be treated this badly by a great chef! He doesn't really like for you to glow over him, so I'll try to put a lid on my excitement from our meal.   Today, July 25th, 2012 WAS EPIC!Chef made spare ribs for a special event and decided to sell some on today's lunch menu. He described them as having a Jalapeno rub, but they were not spicy at all. These ribs rank as some of the best ribs I've ever had in my entire life! Today I was with my Best Bro and one of his good friends. He's been craving shrimp & grits lately, and since I think Chef makes some of the best in the South, I suggested Local Republic for lunch. He did indeed order the Shrimp & Grits, but when he saw my ribs, he wanted to make an equal trade :-) lol  yelp.com/biz_photos/2PU3 THE VERDICTWith just one bite, both the guys who joined me for lunch immediately asked our server to place a hold on however many ribs were remaining in the kitchen. For the remainder of our meal we were campaigning Chef to make these DELICIOUS ribs a regular menu item, even if they are only offered one day a week. They are simply outstanding and I wish everyone who thinks Heirloom Market BBQ is good could try these ribs. I would love for them to get the opportunity to taste what I mean when I say "Ribs should be flavorful all by themselves, WITHOUT sauce. A good sauce should only be a bonus, not the main reason for the flavor."Now I know what it feels like to be Anton Ego from the movie Ratatouille. Next time chef asks me what I'm having, I'm gonna tie an afghan around my neck, slap a beret on my head and yell out "surprise me!" I'm sure everything he makes is not going to please everybody, but I've been more than satisfied with everything I've ever ordered AND everything that's been ordered for me :-) Thanks for an amazing meal Chef Scott! But can you please add fries to the menu?!?        Sincerely, Your number one food fan
<review# 800,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2012,9/7/2012,89,103,7,6,5>I went to many a braves game as a wee lass but haven't been since my middle school years. However, when I needed to show my french in-laws an authentically american good time, baseball was the agreed upon winner.Like many have mentioned before me, it costs you. From parking to food get ready to pay the generic arm and a leg required by most venues that hold over 10,000 people.  Night games are always preferred because it's not reminiscent of the Sahara but we went on a Sunday afternoon and it wasn't that bad. We got skymiles tickets(much more affordable) and sat in the 200 block which has shade, a must for an afternoon game.I'm not a hardcore sports fan, so I only have a certain amount of street cred when it comes to all of this, however I had a good time at the game and I think it would be a fun thing to do once or twice a season. Next time I think I'll check out a Friday night game so I can see some fireworks
<review# 801,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2012,9/6/2012,75,190,,10,3>I drive 10 miles out of my way every week to get my bread here.Born and raised in Germany... Bernhard's bakery is about as authentic as it will get.  The bread is delicious.  My favorite is the Monastery bread or the Peasant bread.  Note that these breads are unlike American bread and are not pumped with preservatives, so outside of the fridge, they will not last much longer than a week.  I keep mine in a bag in the fridge to keep it fresh a bit longer.The pretzels are amazing and if you've never had one, try a cheese pretzel stick... oh so very good!I love their pastries too!  I haven't had a Bienenstich in years until I walked into Bernhard's.It's a family-run business.  The master baker is originally from Germany and his kids help run the business.My favorite part is that they sell German groceries.  I stock up on all my Knorr and Maggi Fix, you can find Hanuta, Yogurette, Kinder Schokolade in all varieties.  They sell German coffee and German condiments...and honey!! Just all the stuff us "ex-pats" ask our relatives to send in care packages.The prices are high for the groceries, but they're imported, so what do you expect?
<review# 802,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2012,9/5/2012,134,163,33,20,11>I had a woman named Lourdes.Lourdes was my first.When I arrived on a busy Friday..I looked at all of the different faces....wow...We have a grandma...a mom with her two small children...a soccer mom...a school teacher.... diva's.... not so well put together women.... it was a melting pot with black, white, hispanic and chinese women all there for the same purpose...to get a nice wax job (no pun intended)I was a little nervous at first but when I realized that I was with Lourdes the lady from the yelp reviews that everyone raved about I immediately relaxed.She waxed me from the rooti to the tooti under a bright lit sterile light.I remember her telling me to spread my buttcheeks. (Modesty has been out of the door with the birth of 3 kids this was nothing to have to "Spread'em) lolShe made me feel beautiful that Lordus... You have 3 kids???? Wow. You look great...what do you do? Do you exercise? You have a natural bikini line....Oh Lourdes...keep em' coming hun...You know how to make a girl feel special for her very first time.Of course when she finished...I was like...that's it?? I don't remember any pain...just nice hot wax.... wow... you are the truth Lordus...Of course I had to feel down there...Oh my God! Really? I've been missing this all of my Life???! My husband is going to looooove this! Easy easy acce.... you get my drift?When I say HE LOVED IT! He LOVED it... and I LOVED it.... no more having to search thru the grass to find the jewel!It was painless and quick. I'm a believer..
<review# 803,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2012,9/4/2012,234,141,8,18,10>Crescent Avenue is supposed to be THE nightlife district in Atlanta, or so I'm told. For me, it's just been a non stop construction zone for the past 10 or so years. I have memories when this area had the original  turn-of-the-last century architecture dotted with lil gems like Pasta du Pulcinella, Vickery's, Martini Bar, Cotton Club, Karma, South City Kitchen and even Club Anytime and Metro. It's too bad that Atlanta decided to tear everything down and replace with multiple mix-use high rises, never looking at reserving anything Atlanta had to offer pre 1996. After all these years, after all this non stop construction, Midtown is slowly coming together. Corporate restaurants are moving into those empty store fronts that have been sitting there for 3 or so years. Well... Lure finds it's place here in Midtown. It has taken the shuttered and abandoned Vickery's house and turned it into a much needed seafood restaurant. I am so happy to see this house remodeled in the way Fifth Group did. The outside dining is great, the interior is nice. Atlanta finally has a new restaurant without a "lofty" feel. Though, the colors may be drab at best, it still offers a warm setting. Lure aims to give us an alternative to the Oceanaire and Atlanta Fish Market humdrum. No longer do we need to venture downtown to Legal Seafoods and McCormick and Schmick's. Thank GOD.I am most impressed with the drinks served by the knowledgeable bartenders. The array of Shochu and mixed drinks is just damn impressive. The bartenders are right on their game and deserve 5 stars all the way. We never sat without a drink, and tried many. Hands down, bartenders get the award. Lure's food, however, leaves me wanting more. The menu seems to be all over the place but never offers more than seafood. Seafood is what you get and that's it. ~You may have nothing else.~ The trout seems to be the crowd pleaser here. We had the chilled seafood platter. And I gotta say, at $36.00 I was only thrilled with the ceviche. I was uber happy to have whelks on the platter. It did leave me craving the ol' English whelks and cockles you get from the boardwalk in Anywhere Coastal, GB. I do hope Lure reaches what it aims for in this menu, which is what I assume to be inventive, worldly seafood cuisine.Overall, I may be a little generous giving Lure four stars. I'm sure they'll shape up as these first weeks pass.
<review# 804,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2012,9/3/2012,28,78,2,12,11>Scrum-dilly-icious, great parking situation, AND the nicest employees ever ever ever? How could I not love this joint?Came here for brunch on a random Tuesday afternoon with a girlfriend. We're both Serious Breakfast Eaters (capital letters and all), and we have some pretty high standards, but this place is in a central location to both of us, so off we went.Let me tell you something. I run a luxury retail store, and I like to think that I hire some pretty awesome people... but no one, anywhere, EVER, have I wanted to steal away and hire for my store more than our waitress that day, Jeannie. She was funny, patient, kind, and when I ordered Coke Zero in my diet-food-defeat (after waffling on the orange juice), she was nice enough to bring both my friend and I samples of the strawberry orange juice we were craving (and BOY was it darned tasty). Not only that, the other employee with whom we interacted that day (tanned freckled Michael - he told me to refer to him as such) was so nice, and so funny, and so very genuinely welcoming and gracious. Whoever is doing the hiring for this place needs to teach me how they recruit people, because they are knocking it out of the park!I ordered the San Antonio Skillet combo, which came with fresh fruit and.... and.... (wait for it).... Banana Bread French Toast. YEP. That happened. In my mouth. The skillet was solid for sure, but somehow I'm never blown away by skillets. The chorizo and bacon really made the dish; I love seeing chorizo on menus where I wouldn't normally expect it. The real star here, though, was the freshness of the fruit and, for heaven's sake, that French toast.Lightly crisp exterior, perfectly soft interior, served with fresh bananas... I found myself wishing I had more of it (a small piece came with my skillet combo). I'm not married to banana bread on its own, but banana bread as french toast is something that I would eat every day for three weeks and not be tired of. WOW.Here's my whine (and you know it's hard for me to not find something to pick at): someone brought us our check, and they brought us mints, and it was great that they did... but we had to go up and pay at the register. Call me a jerk-off for this if you will, but having to take my bill to the register to pay at anywhere other than a dive bar or a greasy spoon diner takes away from my experience a little. Just a little. Tiny bit. But I'm picky, so there you have it.Nonetheless, the atmosphere was clean, well-lit, and homey. NICEST people on the face of the dang Earth, good food, awesome parking... I'm a happy bunny. Next time I think I'd order some of the whole-wheat pancakes instead of a skillet...(Also - shamelessly - I may or may not have asked Jeannie if she felt like coming to work for me. You know what she said? She told me that she honestly just loved her job so much and was so happy working there that she didn't want to work anywhere else. For a waitress to say that really says TONS about the working environment at a restaurant, and a ton about the people who own it. Great to see!)
<review# 805,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2012,9/2/2012,97,71,7,9,6>Dear Desta Staff,Thank you for filling my temple with delectable Ethiopian cuisine. The things you do with lentils should be hailed as nothing less than a miracle. An attempt to describe your masterful use of spices would be vain. Even I cannot gather the appropriate combination of words to communicate how incredible your food is.However, please improve your service to complement everything you do for my taste buds. My patience is in fierce competition.Thank you again,Ain
<review# 806,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2012,9/1/2012,240,558,,5,6>Classiest diner ever.  Any diner that valets is classy in my book, anyway.  Period.And the funny thing is that the Buckhead Diner works for so many different scenarios - it's still good for milkshakes, meat loaf and giant portions of fried chicken.  Just with a hint of nice-ness added in: white table cloths, cloth napkins, a bread basket and a zippier menu than average (think Thai style calamari and jumbo lump crab cakes alongside the blue plate special and mac n' cheese).I've come here with my parents, with friends and with dates, and all have been very good experiences.  The service is top of the line, the food is excellent and it's by far my favorite diner (if I had to name a favorite diner).  Among the dishes I've sampled there, I've had the horseradish crusted Maine cod (very well done - not too heavily battered and with a flavorful succotash of corn, tomatoes and green beans), the chicken breast with pasta, kale and butternut squash, and the jumbo lump crab cakes.  Everything is pretty off the chain in terms of quality, taste and size - these are easily split-able dishes.  And I probably don't even need to mention this since any diner worth its salt has great desserts, but just in case: the Buckhead Diner has great desserts.  Bread pudding, creme brulee, sundaes and ice cream - you name it, they can probably whip it up.Overall, Buckhead Diner's a great option when you're not sure what you're hankering for but still want to know the quality of everything is going to be great.
<review# 807,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2012,8/30/2012,15,56,,5,7>Overall, I'd rank this as one of the most comfortable and pleasant dining experiences I've had in a while. Drinks were top-notch, and the food was decent. But before I dive into that, I have to comment on the decor. A lot of the places where you can go to get a well-crafted drink panel their bars with decor that ranges from a fusty hunt club to the locale for a Bauhaus music video. In other words, the key principle is darkness. Not this place. Even in the early evening, the interior of this place seems to draw in the sunlight, capitalizing on shelving, tables and chairs that are made of a light-colored wood (pine, I'm guessing?) that's coated in a soft-colored stain. It still has a modern feel, but makes you think more front porch than Sprockets or Hogwarts.  The drinks here are definitely a five. At other places that pride themselves on cocktails, you can still be taken by surprise when your palate is hit with a sharp edge. The Hibiscus Fizz was off the chain. The flavors were very subtle but completely refreshing. The lemon, lime and honey flavors really let the hibiscus do the talking. And don't be scared off by the inclusion of an egg white, as I initially was. If raw eggs in a beverage work for Rocky, then why not for me? Their negroni was also smooth and not too bitter, which can sometimes be the case.I have to admit that I wasn't wowed by the food, but considering the decor and drinks this place is well deserving of four stars. The menu does seem well thought out, so maybe I just need to give some other stuff a try. First, the menu description of their pork chop slider had my mouth watering and mind wandering to good memories of meat and three's. But on arrival I'd actually gotten something more like the schnitzel at Leon's. Perfectly fine-tasting, but not the Southern treat I was expecting. My bacon burger slider was fine, but the patty was a little dry. With all the iterations of beef sliders out there, I think you have to make it juicy to stand out. The vegetable skewers were tasty, but seemed like something I could make at home. Lastly, the collard green egg rolls were tasty, but the filing seemed a little cold.Overall, a great experience, though. I'll definitely stop back in when I'm in the neighborhood. But since I live on the outskirts of Inman Park, I'm not sure the food is enough of a draw to warrant a drive out of my way.
<review# 808,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2012,8/29/2012,102,68,27,22,18>I've got pupusa fever, and the only cure is more pupusas.Pulling up to Disco Latino, we spilled out of my rented sedan like giddy clowns at the pupusa circus. Inside we found baked goods, testosterone pills, various lice removal products, and frozen foods, but the pupusas stole the show. My favorite was the chicharron (ground pork) y queso. I also had a corn tamal that was very good and came with wickedly flavorful black beans. The beans were so tasty that we ordered more for dessert. An optimal bite of pupusa will contain dough, filling, curtido, and hot sauce. I washed it down with guava nectar and a cajeta pastry.I ordered in Spanish, but If you don't speak Spanish the proprietor seems to know a bit of English. When I told her I found her on Yelp, she asked me to pull it up on my phone. And after reading Katie W. and Vanessa T.'s reviews, she shook her head in disbelief and grinned.I wouldn't recommend dining in if you have more than 5 people in tow.Churros are only available in the morning. Grocery shopping in the frozen food cases is optional.Basking in the afterglow is inevitable.We rode the pupusa train to glory.
<review# 809,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2012,8/28/2012,467,559,13,14,4>"Between the optimist and the pessimist, the difference is droll. The optimist sees the doughnut; the pessimist the hole!" Oscar WildeI was optimistic about trying Sublime Doughnuts after all the reviews, and was rewarded for my positive orientation. I found Sublime to be truly... sublime! We ordered the following doughnuts:1. Nutella. A great one!2. Raspberry Star. Good, not sublime.3. Orange Dream Star. AWESOME!4. Girl Scout Thin Mint Cookie. My favorite of the trip! WOW!!! Get it while you can!5. Caramel Apple Fritter. Nice, needs more apple.6. Reese's Peanut Butter Cup. Oh yeah...Effin' A!7. Yin Yang. Good, not exceptional.8. Smores. This is the shit! (in a good way)9. Nestles Crunch. Candy bar with a hole.Drank all this down with in house teas1. Love Potion. Me likey.2. Cool Potion. Me likey a lot.As you can see, Sublime has caused me to use bad words and act silly. They were out of Red Velvet, that would have cost them a star if I was a pessimist.
<review# 810,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2012,8/27/2012,392,475,8,7,6>In the true spirit of "I doubt it!", wife and I dropped by here on a Saturday for lunch. She ordered chopped pork plate, tater salad, and beans. I went for brisket, cream corn, and cole slaw. Wife was not too in love with her pork nor tater salad. I considered how to marry my brisket into my household. Best I've had since 1979 in Texas. I used my bitty little plastic fork to cut it with, so 'tender' ain't the word. The cream corn was FINE, the cole slaw not to my taste (too vinegary). But, hold your hats boys and girls, because I fixed that Daggone cole slaw with a good shot of sugar and changed its religion, sure 'nuff. Wife stole my corn after I gave her a taste, but I nabbed her beans after I got a fork into 'em, generous chunks of tender onion and all. So here's the score: BBQ Pork- 3; Tater Salad- 4; BBQ Beans- 5; Cream Corn- 15; Cole slaw (modified)- 3; Beef Brisket- 89. Add that all up, divide by 6, and round the total down to 5 stars! Service? Who gives a hoot about service when the brisket is this good!
<review# 811,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2012,8/26/2012,207,302,3,12,5>Fleming's Steakhouse & Wine Bar offers a great happy hour setting and a specialized menu.  Fleming's is located outside of the perimeter (OTP) near Perimeter Mall in the Perimeter Place Village business district.  My friends and I ventured to Fleming's on a Thursday evening to partake in the "5 For 6 'Til 7 bar menu.Most happy hours take place in dive bars and less than fancy restaurants but let me tell you that Fleming's is a first class, all around sexy restaurant.  The lighting is very dim (yes, even on a bright sunshiny day at 5p) and the background sounds make for an intimate ambiance.  We approached the bar to order drinks and were quickly greeted by a friendly bartender whom familiarized us with the drink menu and a welcoming smile.  Ohhh, how I love great service!  The three of us ordered a round of Blood Orange Fizz cocktails while mingling with other happy hour goers.  The place holds a pretty decent crowd.The bar area is small but you can also enjoy the bar menu on the enclosed outdoor patio with ceiling fans.  Being that the bar area was a bit too dark and crowded for girl talk, we ventured to the patio deck area.  The bar area is lovely if you can manage to grab a seat or table.  If not, have a seat outside where you can see and hear your friends better while enjoying Georgia's weather.  On the patio we were promptly greeted with ice water and bread to munch on while viewing the food menu.  The sourdough bread is very moist on the inside while crispy on the outside.  It is accompanied with garlic butter and sun-dried tomato butter.  The garlic butter was my favorite but the sun-dried tomato butter was also flavorful and savory.  My party placed orders for Sweet Chili Calamari and Roasted Mushroom  Ravioli.  Both dishes were well presented, generously proportioned and delicious.I recommend the Happy Hour at Fleming's Steakhouse & Wine Bar if you are interested in delectable eateries while having intimate conversation.  This isn't the type of venue that offers a wild happy hour setting that can be found in most bars.  It is much classier and the patrons are mostly after 5 o'clock professionals still in business attire.  This would be the ideal location for hosting after-hour business meetings, couple dates and indulging in early dinner specials.
<review# 812,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2012,8/25/2012,89,423,2,11,6>I dream about this pizza all the time. No, really. When I crave pizza, I specifically crave Fuoco di Napoli pizza. It is SO. GOOD. I've been 3 times now and admittedly I've gotten the same pizza each time: the margherita with sausage added on. This is one of those meals that even when you are belly-is-about-to-burst full you just want to keep eating. The other reviews have gone into the specifics on the pizza, so I'll talk a little about customer service.Every time I've been the service has been pretty awesome. On my second visit, I was meeting a friend who was running way behind. Since I know the pizzas come out very fast here, I let them know I'd just hang out at a table until she arrived. About 5 minutes later they delivered a salad to my table, they said I shouldn't have to stay hungry while waiting for my friend. And then as my friend and I were wrapping up our meal, they delivered us some canolis on the house as well. All other times I've been, someone has always stopped by to make sure everything is perfect.Just to clarify - I don't love fuoco because they gave me free stuff on that visit. I love them because when I'm there, I feel like family. I feel like they genuinely want to take care of me and make sure I have a great experience. And every time, I have.What I love most is that this place is really chill- in the sense that even though the pizza is top-notch-Italian-amazingness, it still feels like a place you can go and pig out on pizza with friends. There is plenty of space to spread out and the covered patio is great for the wonderful spring weather. It's sad their no longer BYOB, and I do hope they start selling alcohol soon. BUT they are open on Sundays-- HORRAY-- because I'm always feeling like pizza on Sundays.
<review# 813,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2012,8/24/2012,691,368,6,11,8>Last Sunday, the guy I'm dating said we were going to Urban Cannibals...and I had a feeling he wanted to introduce me to new things but by the sound of the name I wasn't necessarily in the mood to eat "Random" meats. To my pleasant surprise, this is a quaint, home-styled restaurant in the East Village part of Atlanta. I think this guy honestly wants to marry me because this place serves KING OF POPS... I was in shock myself. How did I not know about this and I'm the yelper? He gained major points! You walk in and the decor is so warm and welcoming. They have several loose teas and trinkets you can buy. You walk toward the back to order where the chef is. I ordered the cajun burger and it was one of the best burgers I had in my life. The food was absolutely amazing. Everything they make is fresh and mostly organic. The major con in this particular visit was the chef forgot our orders, so we didn't get out food til about 35 minutes after we wondered where our food was. Their customer service was excellent! They not only made us bruschetta while we waited, but the meal and the drinks we had were on the house, and they also offered us complimentary desserts. So not only was the food the best thing ever, but the service was great! I will say that the drinks were limited.They only really served Arden's Garden fruit juices/smoothies in the bottle. So if you don't like that, it's basically water for you.We definitely ended the meal with King of Pops- flavor Blackberry Mojito -Yummy!Highly recommend this place.
<review# 814,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2012,8/23/2012,629,185,22,16,11>Forgive me Father, for I have spent my rent money at this Holy Place.God bless the congregation of  the Cathedral of St. Philip. By God's grace and His fabulous over sized closet, paupers like you and I (er maybe just me) can enjoy some of their amazingly well priced castaways. I still get chills thinking about the incredible deals I was able to snag a few Saturdays ago.Though the shop is small, the quality of merchandise is very impressive. Most of the store is dedicated to donated clothing for men and women. In the front, you'll find lots of bric-a-brac, home goods, souvenirs, and trinkets of sorts. The back has several bookcases against the wall, full of print media, CD's, VHS's (does anyone still have a VHS player?), DVD's, etc.There's usually just one person working the register and a few staffers working in the back to sort the donated goods. Very friendly staff and I love that they're such enablers of my thrift shopping habit.They have daily 50% off items, ie half off shoes, green price tags,etc. For every $50 you spend, you get $5 off your current or next purchase, and they have a punch card to help you keep track of your progress. The path of redemption maybe be tough (on your wallet) at first, but you'll surely reap the rewards once you get to that final destination, err final punch on your card.Now, if I don't get struck down by lightening for making my bad Jebus jokes on the Sabbath, I'll definitely be making frequent visits.
<review# 815,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2012,8/22/2012,113,132,7,11,5>How much do I love shooting guns? Way way much, yet i had never tried sporting clays, trap, or skeet (aka. Awwwe skeet skeet skeet skeet.) So when my brother asked if Iwas down for sporting clays at Tom Lowe I of course said "YEAH!". The place is not close to Marietta, where I live, but was not difficult to get to either. We all live in Atlanta, and know that anything worth doing is usually a short drive away.4 boxes of shells, 4 rounds of Trap, 2 gun rentals, and some other things that i didnt look at were a little less than $80, so it isnt super inexpensive but Id rather spend a couple of hours shooting with a friend than say go to a club and get a couple of drinks. I would fully recommend showing up for their free noob lesson (we didnt) as Im sure it will help you be a much better shot than either of us were.  I only went 25 for 50, but for my first time with no instruction I dont think it was too bad either.
<review# 816,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2012,8/21/2012,311,258,3,19,6>There have been so many people on yelp telling me to eat here and I was not disappointed. I got the original cheesesteak with cheez wiz. The cheeze wiz acts like nacho cheese. There is plenty of meat and it is very flavorful with the onions. The french fries are very good. This is now my go to place because of location. I got a large cheesesteak with fries and a drink for barely less than $10.** The original cheesesteak does not come with mustard, ketchup, or mayo. If you want this you have to ask for it.*** Someone at the store sent me yelp messages asking me how I liked my sandwich. Anybody that takes that much pride in their food will be sure to satisfy every customer. Go out and give them a try. You will not be disappointed.
<review# 817,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2012,8/20/2012,115,91,10,6,9>I can't believe I've lived in Atlanta all of 23 years, and I had never so much as hiked this mountain or been to the park.  Well, I didn't actually go to the Park.  On my first visit last Saturday, me and a couple of girlfriends met at 7:30 am to hike the summit of Stone Mountain.The hike is not that bad until you get near the top, when it gets really steep.  Thankfully, there's a rail.  If you make it up that far and are a first timer like me, then you will be most thankful for that lean-to.  Also thankfully, there are plenty of flat rocks on which to rest your tired tuckus and burning quads.  A few things to remember:1-  Go early in the morning.  By early, I mean, right as the sun comes up.  Otherwise you will fry.  Even though we had reached the summit around 8 or so in the morning, it was pretty hot.  Anything later than that, high noon-5 pm, and you will literally burst into flames.2- Bring water, duh.3- Bring friends, duh.  It's much easier to struggle up the mountain when you're in good company.4- After all that hard work, ruin your hike with a western omelette at IHOP.  Cause that's what I did.
<review# 818,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2012,8/19/2012,103,217,3,9,4>I have now been twice - and I'm only reviewing now because I wanted to make sure the magic wasn't a fluke. Lightning can strike twice, but that's rare. Ormsby's magic isn't a fluke. It wasn't the people I was there with - it really is just that awesome.The first time I went it took me a moment to find this hidden gem - a bar/restaurant parading as a throw-back speak-easy with indoor, basement level bocce ball. But now that I know where it is... I can get there, 15 minutes from door to door. Pull in to the street between Yeah! Burger and that tall brick building on the right. Go straight back and park in the deck on the left-ish. When you come out of the lot (and are facing Howell Mill again) the restaurant is in front of you. In that brick building on your left, downstairs, on the side. There's nothing but a big, fancy, black letter "O" on the heavy wooden door. ((I told you it was a speak easy. I don't know why secret, hard to find places, hearkening back to the roaring twenties when you had to hide your illegal drinking are suddenly the new "IT THING"... but they are.))Amazing and delicious REAL FOOD, not just bar food. Like real food - lemon stuffed chicken breast, mashed potatoes, pasta, burgers, grilled veggie sandwiches, and super magical delicious french fries. Also wine, women and song. And beer. And bar. Anyways. It's like a Chuck-E-Cheese for grown ups: bocce ball, skee ball, pool, darts, table top shuffle board, photo booths that will post straight to your facebook, electronic jukebox that will eat your money and skip the song (allegedly) if you attempt to play anything by Def Leppard or Journey (or so says the sign)... and two different rooms with board games and decks of cards.This place is awesome. And I plan on bringing all my friends here all the time.
<review# 819,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/20/2012,8/18/2012,91,277,3,9,8>It's easy to like a place that has a ham bar and a pie table. Southern Art is really pretty-- from the "pie" table when you walk in, to the paintings hanging from the ceiling, there's a lot to look at. We were seated at a table with really comfortable nest-like chairs that made us feel like royals. Our server managed to be welcoming and attentive without being over-the-top. We both had the fried chicken and agreed that it was good-- not our favorite, but good. The menu is very Southern, so if you're following a strict diet, this place might be tough. Since we were on a roll (and needing to be rolled out of there), we shared the banana pudding pie for dessert. The desserts are definitely the highlight here...12 layer red velvet cake, anyone? If you're looking for a place that impresses, Southern Art fits the bill.
<review# 820,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2012,8/17/2012,817,996,7,9,8>Cheesesteak Virgin No More!!Yep, that's right. Til today, I'd never had one.Maybe my friend knew that Yelpers had been talking about local cheesesteak faves or maybe he's just good with the Scoutmob deals, but either way, it resulted in our awesome lunch today. I've driven by Woody's for years and never ventured in; when I'd been tempted, it was usually closed and then it somehow slipped my mind.I don't have a barometer for judging best-of in this category, but I can definitely say my lunch was super tasty. NPWH. Great seats on the porch (and we both found parking spots- weee!) and a very short wait for our yummy sammiches. I got mine with just cheese, onions on the side. Since I never finish anything, my friend got to take my other half home (he got his with mushrooms so he had my extra side of onions to doctor things up later). The meat was juicy and delicious, there was just enough cheese and the bread was fluffy and nice. A side of sour cream and onion Lays . . . nicely indulgent lunch!I'll definitely be back - and now I have to try some of the other spots my good Yelp friends recommend since I now know I like me some cheesesteak.
<review# 821,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2012,8/16/2012,349,547,19,12,13>To avoid a long wait outside during ATL's cold winters or hothothot summers, I waited three years to finally try Ria's. It wasn't for want of trying--I came by a few times, or suggested Ria's when negotiating brunch choices with friends (the most heinous, impossible task ever), but it just never panned out. Being hungover and hazy and waiting in line for an hour is so not my thing.On an early weekday morning, a friend let me pick a spot for breakfast, and I only had to think about it for about a half of a second. I had drooled over the menu online countless times when I first moved to Atlanta, but a few things were changed--primarily, they now offer Daiya vegan cheese! And the prices are higher! Hooray for the former!I ordered the Bionic Breakfast, billed as "a mountain of potatoes" topped with veggies and spicy tofu sauce. A mountain may have been a little bit of an overstatement, but it was a decent portion of tasty potatoes topped with bell peppers, shroomies, and broccoli and a totally awesome spicy tofu sauce. Word on the street is that the sauce is silken tofu blended with Sriracha, so it could be easily recreated at home. It was a nice little breakfast, definitely tasty, though a little less than completely satisfying. Though the tofu sauce obviously has protein in it, the dish would be better with a choice of tempeh or sausage or whatever.I understand a restaurant having rules, but sometimes it seems a little excessive (coughVortex), as is the case here--I was scared to even ask if a few different veg dishes were vegan, because I didn't want to seem like I was proposing a forbidden substitution. Still, if I'm ever looking for a yummy weekday morning breakfast, I'm sure I'll be back.Our server had bluebirds tattooed on her neck and was probably the coolest girl in Atlanta, so I hate her. But really, she was sweet. Service was a little slow, but a state Representative was seated a few tables over, so it gave us plenty of time to gawk and snap covert pictures.Bring a bundle of plastic bags for a free cup of coffee! Free shit, hooray!
<review# 822,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2012,8/15/2012,144,95,39,16,14>Because I care about your sanity and basic regard for human life, let me begin by saying this: Never, ever come here without a list, on a weekend afternoon, dressed in shorts and a t-shirt.  You can pick one of those and be fine, but that trifecta is my personal hell. Honestly, the shopping experience here is so miserable, even in the best of circumstances, that i spend way too much time wandering around overwhelmed, excusing myself and my cart in claustrophobic aisles, feeling rushed in the meat lines and like scared cattle in checkout.  And I always forget something. So why the four stars?It's the only place I can get nearly everything I need at a reasonable price.  Grassfed beef, air-chilled chicken, organic fruits and veggies, gluten-free goodies.  If I go once a week and make my meals ahead of time, I save a ton of money and feel good about what i'm feeding myself and my children.  I could probably get most of what i need from whole foods, but I have a mild allergy to paying 8.50 for a pint of cut fruit or $20 for a couple of grassfed filets.  YDFM walks the perfect line between foodie and hippie.  They really do have everything for special diets and bullshit food rebels.I must really love myself to go out there and deal with it, though.  Last time i was there I forgot my sweater and I could feel my nipples retreating into my body.
<review# 823,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2012,8/14/2012,213,662,13,12,11>Parents do their best to teach their children to share. Still, we are inclined to share some things more than others: sauteed seaweed, chores, Sacajawea coins. Other things, you just might have to rip out of my hand: beach stones, the newest issue of Rolling Stone, the sticky buns at Miso Izakaya... my fiance treated me to a meal at Miso for my Birthday, and splitting the sticky buns in half with my chopsticks proved difficult. Both the duck and fried pork varieties burst in my mouth, while Japanese folk tunes blasted throughout my throat. They were that good. Miso had run out of the most popular pork sticky bun, almost luckily, since sharing that might have been impossible. The waiter told us what else to order. The other highlight involved a sticky fried rice mound with a medium-boiled egg on top. Fortunately, my fiance and I ordered one apiece. The ribs and pork rice bowl also sang Japanese folk songs while breaking down in my digestive system, dancing with the herb pieces from my pear and rosemary cocktail. I felt like I was on vacation even though I dined close to home!
<review# 824,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2012,8/13/2012,243,486,5,15,11>A new lunch fave!~ Sweet, hard-working people run Kitsch'n, and they really care about your experience. I wanted something light, and they let me try a kid's portion. Loved the savory, peppery grits and crisp, colorful salad. I got the crab cakes, they were good, but will try a burger next time. Can't help but be cheerful with the bright turquoise walls and the fun decorations. The plastic grass and daisy doormat in the bathroom is hilarious.I love them for keeping the plastic to a minimum, and I didn't see any Styrofoam.Cheers~
<review# 825,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2012,8/12/2012,489,857,14,15,10>Sweet Hut Bakery & Cafe now combines all the Korean and Chinese dessert places for Asians. From the inside, it looks like Mozart Bakery or White Windmill Cafe. Instead of meek, fobby Korean girls serving you, they have the loud, blunt, Chinese speaking, fobby girls from Quickly serving you.I came in mostly for the boba tea so I'll write about that. So far, this place beats Quickly because they take credit cards, open late, have a larger space, and the servers aren't as blunt and loud as the girls at Quickly. They actually acted nice and sweet. I think their best advantage over Quickly are their hours. They open until 12 AM on the weekdays and until 2 AM on the weekends. I always hated it when I was at Buford Hwy, craved boba tea, and couldn't get one because Quickly closed so early. Now I have a great alternative. I tried the mango green tea with assorted jelly. It had a lot of assorted jelly in it. They had one jelly that had a grilled meat taste to it. I called it the bacon jelly because, to me, it tasted like bacon. The others looked at me like I had the worst palette in the world. The mango green tea itself tasted good.I also tried the matcha frappe. They put a ton of whole milk inside it. It made it taste rich and delicious. But I had to take about 3 lactaid pills, or I would be pooping and farting everywhere. One thing these Asian dessert places need to do is provide dairy alternatives like soy, almond, or rice milk. I can't drink half the stuff on the menu because of the milk they add. Sure, I can carry my lactaid pills around all the time, but that's inconvenient. Oh one other thing I want to mention, their bathrooms are a lot nicer than Quickly's and don't smell as bad. That's another bonus to them.For the boba tea wars in Buford Hwy, I prefer Sweet Hut over Quickly's. They seemed to have fixed all the weaknesses of Quickly's. Then again, Sweet Hut is new so we'll see if they're able to stay consistent and beat Quickly's at the boba tea game.
<review# 826,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2012,8/11/2012,1772,1772,7,36,14>I have been to several Indian buffets in metro Atlanta and I think I have found the best one: Madras Chettinaad.  Madras Chettinaad is one of many businesses in the Alpharetta Commons shopping center.  Worth the drive to Alpharetta?  Yes.On Saturdays and Sundays, Madras Chettinaad has an all-you-can-eat "Special Grand Buffet" for $12.99 per person.  On those days, lunch is served from 12pm to 3pm.  This is a popular buffet, so show up early.  Not only will showing up early help you beat the rush and get a table, you'll also have first dibs at all the buffet items, prepared fresh from the kitchen.Madras Chettinaad makes other Atlanta Indian buffets look small.  It's selection is the most expanse of any Indian buffet I've tried.  I once told a friend that Madras Chettinaad is almost like one of those Chinese "super" buffets, except with good quality Indian food and much better decor.  The restaurant space is huge with several large dining rooms, clean, and nicely decorated.There's so much food on the buffet that it's a challenge to sample everything.  Chettinaad is a region of South India, but the restaurant serves a smorgasbord of both North and South Indian food.  Here's a rundown of many of the items on the buffet I've tried.  This isn't everything, of course.Appetiziers and entrees:Dahi vada - lentil patty dipped in sweet and sour yogurtRassam - spicy lentil broth soupChicken korma - chicken cooked South Indian-style with coconut-based gravyVegetable samosa - deep-fried triangular-shaped pastry with spiced potatoes and peasRava idly - steamed cream of wheat and rice cakes served with sambar and chutneyChicken 65 - boneless chicken marinated then deep friedChicken tikka masala - boneless chicken marinated in North Indian sauce and cooked in a tandoor ovenTandoori chicken - red chicken (bone-in) cooked in a tandoor ovenDosai - rice and lentil flour crepeGoat Chettinaad - goat pieces (bone-in) cooked in Chettinaad gravyChettinaad fish curry - tilipia cooked in Chettinaad currySaag paneer - creamed spinach with paneer cheese (North Indian)Chicken biriyani - basmati rice cooked with onion, tomato, and spicesCurd rice - rice mixed with yogurt and spicesTurkey curryDesserts:Gulab jamun - doughnut balls dipped in syrupKheer - basmati rice pudding flavored with cardamom and pistachioMango/fruit puddingAlong with the above, there is a small assortment of rice (basmati) and breads (papadum, roti), raita yogurt, and condiments (chutney - tamarind, mint, coconut).  In all, the buffet makes for a complete and satisfying Indian meal.With the exception of the turkey curry and maybe the rava idly, I think everything on the buffet is good.  The way the turkey meat is prepared here is just too dry for my tastes.  The rava idly is a bit on the bland side, so be sure to eat it with a condiment or something else on your plate.I love the fluffy long grain basmati rice.  It's especially tasty in the chicken biriyani.  The tandoori chicken is probably the healthiest of the meats because it's not drenched in sauce.  Try to grab fresh pieces as the meat tends to dry relatively quickly.Chicken 65 is probably my favorite of the chicken selections.  The meat is tender and the sauce is full of flavor.  The Chettinaad fish curry is also good.  I like the sliced raw onion and cilantro in this dish.  They complement the mild tilapia well.  If you don't mind bones, the goat curry is another must-try item.I tried my first ever dahi vada here.  If you've never had one, give it a try.  Dahi vada is a lentil fritter that is soaked in sweet and sour yogurt.  It's also seasoned with a bit of tamarind.  Not bad.As you can imagine, most of the dishes are fragrant and aromatic.  They are heavily seasoned and some are spicy.The desserts are a win.  The gulab jamun at Madras Chettinaad are among the freshest buffet gulab jamun I've experienced.  They are hot, sweet, and hold their form.  The orange mango/fruit pudding is delicious.  I downed three bowls at the end of one visit.Also recommended is the mango lassi.  This is a delicious mango and yogurt shake.  Thick, sweet (but not too sweet), and smooth.  Very refreshing.Service is good and parking is plentiful.  You pay at the register so there is no problem separating checks.  I highly recommend Madras Chettinaad for anyone looking for a high quality Indian buffet.
<review# 827,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2011,8/10/2012,176,193,9,9,4>Canoe is what Rays on the River TRIES to be but isn't.I love Canoe.  Canoe is understated hip with a great view.  Execution has always been great when I've been there, usually personally but a couple of times for business meals as well.  Clearly Canoe has a lot of great menu items.  The wine list is solid, a little pricey but a good list.  They've done some work putting it together.If you're still reading this review, then you're about to be rewarded, because I have a little secret for you I'll ask you not to share with just everyone:  Canoe has the best burger I have ever had.There I said it, not flame away if you like (pun intended) but seriously.  Before Canoe, my favorite burger was a kobe beef burger I had in the harbor in Tacoma, WA.  How's that for random?  Seriously though, that's how far and wide this competition was.  I know many Atlanta people are going to point to Local [whatever the number is] or the place that only makes 60 burgers a night...all nice stunts, but Canoe has the best burger.I will grant you, the Canoe burger is not for purists, and for that, if you prefer the others, then we'll just agree to disagree.  I can't do justice to what all is in the Canoe burger, but I'll tell you it ruined a date night.  There I was all chatty and nice, when I took my first bite.  Suddenly I couldn't focus on the conversation.  All I could muster was..."this is so ********* good!"  After each bite, that's all I could say, for 20 minutes.  Date night didn't go so well that evening.So when my brother moved to ATL from Manhattan I took him there.  Guess what?  Same reaction.  We just sat there looking at each other muttering, "this is awesome."  Fortunately, that's about as deep as conversations usually go.
<review# 828,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2011,8/9/2012,58,336,1,8,9>When I first arrived I thought the restaurant was filled from all the cars in the parking lot. As I entered, I noticed it was empty. My waiter explained that every Wed. night there is a bocce tournament out in the bocce field on the patio. FOOD: After reading other Yelpers' reviews, I had to try their pizza. My friend and I had their Funghi pizza which is seasonal mushrooms, grape tomatoes, fior di latte, caramelized onions, and truffle oil for our appetizer. They gave us scissors to cut it instead of a knife, which was nice since it didn't move the cheese. We devoured the pizza since it was so good! I had their Misticanza salad which is organic mixed greens, tomato, cucumber, sunflower seeds, olive, mint vinaigrette but I asked for balsamic vinaigrette instead. Talk about big salad! You can definitely share this salad. For dinner I had the special which is grilled Amber jack fish with lentils in creme sauce. Delicious! My friend and I both didn't get to finish our salads and dinners, so we had to take it home. Everything was so good and our waiter was so pleasant that I'd come back just for pizzas and salads.
<review# 829,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2012,8/8/2012,58,40,8,7,10>Tired of fighting for parking on a weekend night to get some Mexican grub? Well, this is your lucky day because Tacos & Tequilas has PLENTY of parking. (Thank merciful heavens!)Look, it's Americanized Mexican food, and it's not going to win any awards any time soon, but that's no reason to hate. They do Americanized Mexican well. The name says it all... Tacos & Tequilas. Need I say more? Each time I've been there has been an absolute delight, especially after a gigantor margarita. The staff is always very courteous and quick with food and drinks. They don't forget about you, and they practically force chips down your throat. The patio is also very nice, but the tables are a little too close together, just a little. I don't prefer to hear grandpa talking about how many glasses of metamucil he throws back a day or what new drugs his proctologist has him on while I'm eating an enchilada. Thank God sometimes for a heavy pour of tequila.The live music adds to the ambiance a bit, and ya kinda forget you're in a strip mall for the time being. Plus, the dude that is performing looks happy as f*ck, like there's no place in the world he'd rather be and nothing else he'd rather be doing. Good for him! Considering how much I love the parking, the dude playing the bongos, the drinks, and the food, I had to take away a star because of somebody's gramps. Sorry.But most importantly...  the bathrooms are very clean. Rejoice.
<review# 830,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2012,8/7/2012,190,335,16,15,13>What can I say to express it?  I wanna slap somebody?  I wanna turn back flips?  I wanna cry?  I don't know.  What I do know is that if you haven't gone to Milano and had the Bibimbap Burger, I pity you.  I really, really do.  This sandwich is so good that after I write this, I'm going to my Yelp home page and changing my last meal to this bitch.  For real.  Check on it.  That bread, that bread, that bread.  That sauce, that sauce, that sauce.  That egg, that egg, that egg.  That beef, that beef, that beef.  Ya'll got me twisted.  Not only the Bibimbap, but the sweets are off the chain also.  We tried the rum pound cake.  @#$%^$%#.  We bought the sweet potato pound cake, the cappuccino pound cake and a cinnamon ball.  All were on point. Not overly sweet, just nicely done.  I'm in love.  The employees were so kind. The owner, so sweet.  She explained that when she runs out of the daily made bread for the Bibimbap, she sells no more Bibimbap sandwiches.  Then she told us to call her before we come next time to ensure she has some.  Take me, I'm yours!
<review# 831,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2012,8/6/2012,179,339,1,6,5>This may be my favorite bar in EAV now.  Why?  Because it's non-smoking!  An extra star for that.  Non-smoking aside, I am a fan of Elder Tree.  I love the spacious bar and comfortable stools sprinkled with over-sized booths lining the wall and a few high top tables.The atmosphere is nice with the tin tiled ceiling and dark wood.  Two large TV screens make viewing available to everyone no matter where seated.The bartenders are great!  Every time I have stopped in, I am greeted promptly and service has been stellar.  I've only had drinks here and not food so can't comment on that but will update soon.Once I try the food, it hope it becomes a five star review.Welcome to EAV, Elder Tree!
<review# 832,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2012,8/5/2012,158,678,5,10,6>When I was little, the High was the place that inspired me to make art. Granted my version of art looked like Pollack met a razor blade and got into a fight with a walrus, but hey, when you're four, that's just how you roll.Then the High entered a dark period. It became stale. Boring. Nothing special came in. The Olympics had a fantastic exhibition in 1996 and there were a couple other major ones tossed in those years, but for the most part, nothing. The High was slowly dying. It was sad.Enter the new wing, the Louvre, and countless other fantastic shows that have now graced these hallowed halls. Shapiro has really figured out how to make the museum seem hip and cool again. Go on a free weekend and it's packed with all kinds of people, or come to a jazz night and dance among the classic paintings with the young crowd of Atlanta. Parties are much more common now, with photobooths and dancers and acrobats and anything they can imagine to make art seem alive and fun once more. If parties aren't your scene, stop in on a Sunday afternoon - keep in mind the High closes by 5pm! - and you can browse with smaller crowds. Between 2-5pm is the best time; the crowds are small and generally you can wander about as you please.There is a trick to parking if you don't take MARTA - park on 15th street. Make sure it's a legal place to park on the street, but I've not paid to park in years. If you're a member and come with multiple people, it's only $6 to park in the parking deck, making it cheaper than MARTA. Just a couple of tips if you have to drive!
<review# 833,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2012,8/4/2012,66,188,8,6,3>Salted Caramel Spotted Trotter Bacon covered yeast doughnut.  Do I really even need to continue?  Soft, fluffy, yeasty (or cakey if you prefer) doughnuts covered in quality ingredients (blueberry, toasted almonds, salted caramel, dark chocolate, or coconut) and served with a smile walking distance from my house.  This is so not good for my diet!  I'm pretty excited though I no longer have to schlep all the way over to the west side for sublime doughnuts.  Revolution Doughnuts are HUGE doughnuts, and have a kind of chewy texture I was not expecting but enjoyed.  A dozen that I got for my office ran $20.50, which is a deal considering most of the doughnuts are $2-2.50/each individually.  I swore there was a scoutmob for this place but couldn't find it at the critical moment.  Beware the insane line in the morning, I dropped in at 2pm and there was no line.  Also for those just driving by, beware sugar coma induced people wandering across College Avenue with complete disregard for oncoming traffic.  It was really pissing me off until I actually had a doughnut and realized those people were no longer with us on this planet and could not be faulted for stepping in front of my car.  I bet I could ram a doughnut full old lady at 45mph and in her head she's still skipping across rainbows and petting unicorns.   Seriously though, yall be careful, I would not be surprised if there was a doughnut induced tragedy around here the way patrons are oblivious to traffic on college avenue.
<review# 834,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2012,8/3/2012,160,534,6,9,7>Fun fact.  When someone told me about this great pub called the Wrecking bar, I made sure to not shave so that I could look tough when I walked into what I thought would be a seedy hole in the wall.  The decor couldn't have been anything further from my warped thoughts!  Gorgeous building, both inside and out, with limited (but expected) parking, friendly staff and smiles (and some children) all around. We came for vegetarian Tuesday, around 7pm, which made for a pretty packed house.  Staff was incredibly nice and helpful, with servers not even watching our table stopping by and filling our water when they noticed that our glasses needed topping off.The butternut squash soup caught our attention and so we both ordered it. Incredibly delicious!  Slightly spicy, slightly sweet with an almost custard texture.  I completed my meal with The Mediterranean, a Grilled eggplant sandwich with, roasted red peppers, arugula, hummus & black olives on ciabatta bread (I removed the olives).  Bread was definitely a little chewy and I thought it could be softer, but otherwise, very filling sandwich.  I was expecting a big plop of hummus but it was simply a very thin spread, which was great.  I wasn't even aware that the sandwich came with a large serving of fries, that I passed on, but for $13 (sandwich and fries were $8, soup was $5), I think that was well worth the price.  It should be noted that the Mediterranean is on their permanent menu, but not the squash soup.I'm not a drinker, but i'd heard from beer lovers that they have pretty decent beer, so you're probably alright on that front as well.Bottom line, I was pretty excited to eat here and my expectations were met.  I may have a new hang out spot for Tuesdays!
<review# 835,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2012,8/2/2012,144,122,4,5,5>I'm updating this place to five stars.I may be a little biased since this establishment is literally a hop, skip, and jump away from my digs but Red Pepper has been good to me. I've been coming here alot since my first experience and it has failed to disappoint. This is an awesome place to grab a drink/bite to eat and seems like it accommodates groups well. Service is much improved and the manager/owner/bartenders are all great. I had bites of the shredded beef and fish taco. The beef taco was stuffed with meat and a good value compared to other $3 tacos in the Emory area. I'm a fan of all the $6 flavored margs (except lime) which all have enough tequila to ensure a good buzz. All they need is a happy hour and you'll find me here everyday.
<review# 836,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2012,8/1/2012,244,602,19,16,9>"Better than Mom used to make." I used to envy friends who could make those sorts of comparisons. We'd go to some meat and three or some Chinese place or some Eye-talian joint and invariably someone would compare the food to Mommy Dearest. Me? All I could do was shrug.You see, Mom is an honest to Yaweh FOB (fresh off the boat) Filipino. (Though in this case, "fresh" means about 50 years ago and "boat" means an old DC-9 aeroplane.) Still, you know what I mean. She didn't grow up making, say, spaghetti and only learned about it when she got here in the States...in the 60s....pre-Internet. She did relatively OK over the years, despite her immigrant habit of repurposing leftover food that wasn't meant to be repurposed--ergo the "chili" made from last night's spaghetti sauce.So, in most cases, "better than Mom's" wasn't really that high a bar to set. Except now, we were in MY house. Here I was eating Filipino food from one of two Filipino eateries in Atlanta. I've been to the other (Fil-Am Star) and while I thought FAS was fine, it....um, didn't taste like my mom's. I wasn't sure why not. It wasn't until Kuya's that I figured it out.I don't think the Fil-Am Star folks come from my mom's province. That doesn't mean that what they cook is wrong. It just means it's not what I was used to. Kuya's, on the other hand, yeah, these guys could've been neighbors to my lola's hut. ("Lola," for the record, is tagalog for "Grandma." "Hut" is, well, probably a horribly racist and condescending assumption on my part since I think they actually had a house, but, hell, I also still make fun of my mom's accent too.)Lechon, pancit...they had all the greatest hits, all kind of plopped onto a plate, visuals be damned. (Yep, that's Filipino food for you.) It really did taste like my mom and aunties called me over into the kitchen and made me eat. All they needed to do was berate me for not going to med school and I would've felt right at home.Yeah, it's a food stall in a food court. It ain't fancy. But it ain't expensive either. You can try multiple dishes and find the answers to such questions as "What exactly is Filipino food?" and "Is lechon really the best roast pig on Earth?" and "Wait, is this peanut butter I taste in this Kare Kare dish?"Thanks for the memories, Kuya. If you weren't 80 bazillion miles from my house, I'd be back more often. Four and a half stars. But no, for the last time, I am NOT going to med school.
<review# 837,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2012,7/31/2012,357,369,37,28,18>In Which "Children's Museum" Refers To An Indoor Playground With An Admission FeeWhat I mean by doling out 4 stars for "yay! I'm a fan," is I'm not actually a fan, but my 17 month old niece is, and, well, that's all that matters.  But she also plays with cardboard boxes.We happened to saunter in on a Target-sponsored Tuesday, which made our visit free. That was definitely the move because the cost per person is $12.75+tax!  For sitting there and watching chilluns running around. I understand a fee for the kids, but the parents? the awesome aunt who is just minding her own business on this bench over here?  Seems steep to me and I don't think it's just the recession talking.It's a stretch to call this place a museum.  It's essentially an indoor playground with thematic installations, ranging from fairy tales to a little grocery store to kinetic games.  This is the sort of place where kids run amok and run themselves ragged, not where they'll learn about static electricity.  It's best suited for younger kids; I'd say no older than 6. But since I don't even know anything about kids, maybe the interest cut off is actually 4.  Regardless, a 10 year old would not find this place enjoyable.There were lots of children partaking of the activities and a good show of parental presence and support.  The facility seemed pretty clean, but like any place where children gather, it's a hotbed of disease and germs.  I took it upon myself to diagnose at least 6 kids with tuberculosis. There are sanitizer dispensers throughout.
<review# 838,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2012,7/30/2012,149,183,4,8,8>This was my first time dining at a vegetarian restaurant. I was excited to see the rest of the menu, and how the chefs make gluten-free replacements. I was lucky enough to come to Cafe Sunflower with a big group of great company. While most of us are typical carnivores, it was interesting to see a wide variety of dishes that are familiar. We had a variety of tastes such as: fajitas, sesame chicken, curry, pad thai, eggplant parmesan, and ravioli. Our server was very helpful, and caught on to my mentioning gluten intolerance. I was asking, "What the #1 dish that was most ordered?" and our server answered, "Hands down, the sesame chicken". Turns out, some of the faux-meat is entirely gluten based, while some is soy or Seitan. I was immediately handed a gluten-free menu, where I was happy to see that the Acorn Squash entree was double- listed. We have a winner!Meanwhile, some of us are analyzing and absorbing the menu, while being completely oblivious that meat-isnt-really meat. This leads to later satisfaction before our buddy Rick practically licked down his plate. When it tastes like chicken, it tastes like chicken, am I right?Let it be known that Cafe Sunflower's sesame chicken is much more palpable than a frozen Morning Star Farms.-- I'll be honest, I had my doubts. All doubt was erased when a steaming plate of fake STEAK fajitas came to my friend's knife and fork. Clearly, there was a lot of time put into making the entrees unique. Not to forget my acorn squash could have been displayed in a gallery of deliciousness. Oh wait, I did. I added a Yelp photo to the business, enjoy!We tried appetizers of spring rolls, edamame, spinach dip, and fried green tomatoes. While I prefer Houston's spinach dip cooking across the parking lot, I was really enjoying the fried greens. Each fried green tomato was large in size and stacked with hummus in-between each layer.Another lick-able plate, had I not been in public. A girl can dream.Cafe Sunflower made a touchdown when they hit our sweet spots. When we found out that their cakes were from Southern Sweets, I was sold once more. If you've ever had the SS Carrot Cake, then you'd know what I mean! I will definitely be coming back to Cafe Sunflower. They put care and consideration into their plates and entrees, while the service was both helpful and accommodating. I appreciate a dining experience that is delicious, unique, and educational!
<review# 839,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2012,7/29/2012,55,164,6,3,10>Have you ever seen a gem wrapped in flamingo feathers, sitting on top of an elaborate birthday cake with a cabana girl about to jump out of it? I sure as hell have not but if there was a place that resembles that metaphorically, Lotta Frutta would be it. I'm sure that the food is good but I always find myself here around 3:30 pm on a beautiful day, or a crap day, or any day actually. The smoothies are different, delicious and all kinds of refreshing. From guana berry and strawberry with pineapple juice to other obscure combinations, I've been there countless times and never had the same one. It's like chewing on Toucan Sam without the unfortunate thoughts that conjures.
<review# 840,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2012,7/28/2012,8,568,28,18,6>I think we got a Five-Star yall!  Check that, check that. I know we have a five star yall! Mathematically, it falls under the best bang for your buck umbrella.  $7 per adult.  That's 33% cheaper for two vs going to the regular movies.  Then you add the fact that you don't have to sweat bullets trying to sneak in over the counter candy from the gas station like Pringles, chocolate bars  vs you can bring in $5 footlongs from subways, oxtails, even motha Effin' liquor and Beer!  I mean c'mon do you really have to compare????When cruising down Moreland, don't sweat.  Yes, you know you rolling in the hood when you see a Long John Silver and Church's chicken.  Just stay in your lane and cruise down 23-Moreland.  You will see the throwback drive-in lights on the left.  Drive up, pay your $7 adult(s) ticket, and pull up to the movie/screen designated.  Find you a nice parking spot aligned with a good angle to watch your flick and you good to go.  You don't have to worry about retards trying to sit in the same aisle as you (in an empty theatre)The best thing is if you have time to spare, you can "volunteer" yourself for a second movie as long as those operating do not see you.  Basically watch two movies for $7/per adult.  Where can you beat that?  No, I'm not talking about those weak $1 movies that show titles that were released 2 years ago. I'm talking about up to date released isshhhh!!!!!Now if there was a knock, got damn Starlight - Clean up your bathrooms.  That is some disgusting nonsense.  Looked like they haven't cleaned up the lavatories since the 70s.  I wouldn't wish that on my worse enemy to use their bathrooms - that's some scared straight, hoarders.  If you can hold your piss - Starlight is 5 stars!Grade: A
<review# 841,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2012,7/27/2012,51,114,2,11,7>I really need to have a Dulce closer to my house.  This place is truly a great find for me.I returned and this time secured a ginger cookie and a nice, light and airy iced lemon scone.  I would fight you for that ginger cookie.  Seriously.  It was that good.  I bet if you took a dozen of those to a potluck and didn't mention where you got them from, no one would ever guess they are vegan.  The ginger cookie is moist, and has just enough of the ginger flavor.  It's a perfect way to chase a meal or to enjoy with a cup of coffee or tea.I saved the scone for the next day and had it with my morning cup of coffee.  Very tasty and it still tasted fresh even though it was a day old.  I will say that I'm not sure about all of the desserts here.  My co-worker had a chocolate cookie and while she ate it all, she didn't seem enthused about it.  But, she ate it, so figure that one out?I'm looking forward to returning to Dulce.
<review# 842,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2012,7/26/2012,109,166,6,16,11>Holy Moly, what a gem!Was going to head over to one of the many breakfast spots in my area with a friend who's in town, but then decided to see what the good folks are yelping and raving about-- figured why not try something new... and Le Petit Marche popped up with high reviews. So I hopped in the car headed down Ponce, then Moreland, then Hosea William and arrived in the very cute Kirkwood Neighborhood within about 15 minutes. There's some parking on the street, but we parked behind back. It's sort easy to miss and we did, but  if you just park once you get to the area then it's easy to walk to. It's in the main newer looking section of shops, and it's at the corner. DECOR/SEATING:Walked in and was sooo delighted. For some reason from the reviews I imagined it being a little hole in the wall-ish... faaaar from it, it's adorable in every way imaginable, well thought out, it's sorta like "farm house luxury" with their own personal touch. (Like Yelper Kathleen M. said it's very anthropologie-esque). There's so much meticulousness and details in the decor which is not for the restaurant, but the little store inside (with a lovely array of goodies). Seating is limited, about maybe 8 tables on the inside, 4 are regular, the other 4 are barstool like. They have a good amount of seating on the outside too, about 6 tables.You also have to seat yourself, you walk up and order then find your own seat.  FOOD:As everyone suggested I got the french toast sandwich, with a side of grits. Lord almighty was it good, lol. I don't want to get people expectations up, but it really is VERY tasty.. I got it with chicken sausage, my friend got it with pork (which ended up being bacon) he was a little disappointed since he thought it would be sausage not bacon, but he still enjoyed it. I looooved mine. Most people's french toast isn't that good, but there's is great. The grits were very good as well, I can't quite describe the taste, I guess a better version of the Flying Biscuit Grits and just as good as Ria's Bluebird. The pre-poured orange juice is okay, it's sorta light not that sugary.Be careful with the drinks though, they aren't marked and there's no prices... the main 3 drinks on top are: berry tea, orange juice, and sweet tea. The berry tea looks like Cranberry juice, but it's not. They also have other bottled drinks, and nice sodas like Blackcherry and cream soda, etc. SERVICE:Oh my goodness, grrrreat very pleasant service. We were checked on, and everyone was smiling and were ever so helpful. I LIVE for great service at a restaurant and they have it down pact. Fortunately we had no wait. I hear this place gets busy on the weekends so your wait will likely be much longer since the place is only but so big. SUMMARY:I had no expectations when going here, and was pleasantly surprised. The breakfast we had was great and the service was too. Ok, so maybe its a 15 or so minute drive for this Midtown Maven (google says 21 minutes in traffic), but it's TOTALLY worth the drive since the prices are low and the food is good. (2 people  for about $22 (2 meals, 2 drinks, 1 extra side)). I love this little area and want to try more spots over here, Le Petit Marche is most definitely THE gem of Kirkwood. Kudos  to the owner and please continue the great food and great service! I'll definitely be spreading the word :)
<review# 843,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2012,7/25/2012,124,182,3,6,6>We were trying to find another Korean restaurant but got lost and stumbled onto this place.  The name Gobawoo sounded familiar from Yelp but I had no idea what to expect as I walked in.Gobawoo is an All-you-can-eat Korean BBQ/Shabu Shabu place.  There are other items that you can order here, but why bother? There are other restaurants for that.Locale: This place is super small.  I think a total of 8 or so tables, with table seating varying from 4 to 6.  So yeah, this place is really small.  It gets a bit smoky too (from the food, not cigarettes).  Still, the private mood gives it a bit of a intimate feeling.Service: Very friendly, very attentive, very accomodating. But, english skills are severely lacking.  Luckily, I speak Korean, but I imagine if you don't have a korean in your group, things might get difficult.  I don't anticipate that you'd get worse service, but it'd just be harder to communicate.  We did have lots of requests and such, and I had to say that the service was always quick and very very courteous.  Big plus.Price: AYCE beef brisket and pork belly for $10.99.  The other reviews on here make it seem like it used to be $9.99 and went up one dollar.  Oh well, it's still a tremendous deal.  I believe Iron Age (a few miles away from this place and more popular) is about $17 bucks per person? And they serve the same things pretty much.Food: Yeah, it's not high quality.  But it's AYCE.  What do you expect? I will say, however, that the side dishes were EXCELLENT.  And I mean, really diverse and tasty.  I was really surprised on this part.  As for the BBQ itself, it's just standard beef brisket slices and pork belly i'm sure they literally just bought in bulk from Super H Mart or something.  Nothing to go crazy over, but I was here to stuff myself silly for $11.  Deal with it.I'm so glad that we accidentally fell upon this place.  From now on, if people I know are into AYCE Korean BBQ, i'm bringing them here.  No d-bag waiters like at Iron Age, and a more intimate feeling, cheaper price (by $6), and much much much better side dishes.  Win (for cheap).
<review# 844,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2012,7/24/2012,27,69,1,11,7>As an Atlantan and the product of a family farm, I am ashamed to say that I probably never would have visited Heirloom if my adventurous side had not been geared up when I read about it on Yelp. Despite my background in culinary, southern heritage and upbringing in the old farm town of Statham, I do not know a lot about various BBQs and spent most of my younger years avoiding such meat-centric joints due to an old pork allergy. Luckily, these factors are behind me and curiosity has gotten the best of me; I am out to try EVERYTHING and I am determined to enjoy the best that Georgia BBQ has to offer.At the recommendation of my fellow Yelpers and my S.O., my father and I arrived at Heirloom shortly after they opened and I kinda wish we had just ridden together. This place gets packed FAST, and I was relieved that we beat the rush by a matter of minutes. We were able to order without a minute's wait and secured stools next to the kitchen. The inside is small and the only seating available consists of two four-seat stretches of stools and a wooden table in the middle of the room that communally seats limited guests. Through the window we could see a group of white-collars who had gathered around the standing-room-only table on the deck. Our food arrived at the table in metal pans soon after we had sat down with Dad's water (available from the cooler in old-fashioned flip-top bottles) and my unsweetened jasmine-green tea.When I was doing a little pre-reading on Heirloom I saw that there were some sauces to be reckoned with that lived behind the counter. I was stoked to go in today and ask to try each of them, as I am a big spice fan and enjoy challenging myself, but given the sense of urgency with the lunchtime staff and the packed nature of the restaurant I figure I will save this treat for another time. After all, it's not like they do not already have four awesome sauces, as well as ketchup, and the additional sauces that accompanied my specific entree. So, for the food...Korean Fried Chicken- I owe it to Daniel B. for this one! I will guiltily admit that shrimp chips are one of my favorite snacks on the planet and that I cannot leave H Mart without at least a bag or two. This being the case, I was sold as soon as I read his September '11 review that covered the shrimp chips included with this special as well as some sides that I could not see myself going to Heirloom without ordering. The four pieces of fried chicken, or half of a chicken, were super crispy and lightly sauced with a spicy red sauce that made for a fried chicken experience that I have never previously enjoyed. Outside of H Mart and my addiction to kimchi I do not know lots about Korean cuisine (though I am learning) and I absolutely loved seeing the Chefs' take on the fusion of Korean flavors and southern BBQ/fried chicken.Korean Fried Chicken Accompaniments- The pickles that lingered in the corner of my plate intrigued me and provided the best little kick of spice, sweetness and sour in the midst of all of the fried items that I had ordered. Before these little guys appeared on my tray I did not think any other sort of pickled cucumber could top the dill pickle style. About the cucumber radish salad, well, I now have a full jar chilling in my refrigerator making friends with the radish kimchi that I have been working my way through. This was a killer little touch of fresh, crispy sweetness that, yet again, helped to cut through the crunch batter and heat that encompassed my chicken. The rice crackers were awesome, but I would expect nothing else when Heirloom BBQ meets the awesomeness that is the shrimp crisp. The slightly-thickened brown sauce with large slices of garlic and ginger that was served with the fried chicken rivaled the Korean BBQ sauce for a favorite drizzle.Tempura Sweet Potatoes- I loved these; they had the best flavor of any tempura-fried sweet potatoes that I have ever been served. The batter was perfect and the sweetness, as well as a savory note, was totally present. These were great with the dark sesame sauce that was served with the platter!Tempura Tofu- Wow, I am going to have to order fried tofu more often! Again, killer tempura batter and the slightly spicy sauce and scallions that were served atop the tofu served to beautifully enhance the flavor and texture packed into the little, golden cubes.I also tried the Korean BBQ sandwich, Korean sweet potatoes and pulled pork and was beyond impressed with all of them. The sandwich was particularly awesome and the sweet potatoes had a nice crunch with added complexity from the scallions and a subtle sweetness.I cannot wait to go back and will be dreaming of it until I can try the brisket! There is so much here that I still need to try, but I think that I am up for the challenge. We were thoroughly impressed with each aspect of Heirloom's operation. Thank you Heirloom Market BBQ for twisting my image of old-school BBQ and making my afternoon delicio
<review# 845,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2012,7/23/2012,204,510,9,13,12>Ohhhh my god.I had never had an arepa before in my life despite knowing they existed and wanting one. Needless to say when I found myself with over an hour to spare downtown I knew I was getting lunch at Sweet Auburn Curb Market.It was about 12:45 and there wasn't much of a line, though there were half a dozen people eating at the two picnic tables right out front. I decided to get the la pelua arepa, and it came to $7.02 with tax. It was ready in no time, super hot. The la pelua contains shredded beef and caramelized onions peppers, plus cheddar cheese. Finally it cooled enough for me to take a bite. See first line for reaction. And with the hot sauce? Even better! Everything tasted so fresh and amazing. Only downside was there was so much liquid inside that the last few bites were seriously messy but it was worth it, especially because the security guard at the main entrance was seriously amused by the way I was walking with my hands out towards the bathrooms. While a little pricey for me on the regular, the ingredients are obviously high quality. Next time I'm trying the empanadas. Don't forget if you drive here, you can get your parking validated at the counter!
<review# 846,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2012,7/22/2012,105,104,3,8,4>The wifey and I made our second visit to Serpas this weekend and on this occasion my aunt and uncle joined us.  They are OTP-ers but often make trips into Atlanta to step up their dining game and knowing that Serpas remains somewhat unknown (at least in my opinion) we thought we'd share.Here's one thing I'm pretty sure of: if you need to have a dinner that is in-and-out so you can catch a show then Serpas is a solid bet.  Both times we've dined fairly early (this time at 6:45) and have been seated immediately and served swiftly (almost too swiftly).  If you go early and don't need to rush, I'd suggest ordering an app and waiting to order Entrees unless more than half the tables are seated. They must have a super efficient kitchen, for sure.Here's the food and drink details:With my wife being pregnant, Shirley Temples are the go-to for her.  I had the Abita Jockamo and my uncle had an Amber.  I do wish the beer selection was a little deeper, but what they have is sufficient to pair with dinners if that's your jam (i don't worry about it too much).We ordered two appetizers to share.  The eggplant hushpuppies were delectable and maybe even to die for (it comes 4 to a plate but i could easily have eaten all 4 myself).  We also ordered the flash fried oysters, which were also very tasty and tender.  Not too much "fried" flavor.And the entrees: I had the stuffed trout and my wife had the duck, both repeats from our previous visit.  I would say the food was every bit as delicious, but portions did seem decidedly smaller than last time, especially the duck (we have photos to prove it).  My aunt had stuffed chicken and loved it.  My uncle, who is the cook in that family (and damn he can cook) had the pork chop and remarked that it was outstanding, even insisting that we try some of the grits.There was also a round of deserts, including the fried apple pie and banana cream pie, both of which had us licking our plates.As was the case last time, the place was packed by the time we left (maybe around 9:00).  Another note about dining early - this is a lofted space so it gets loud when it gets busy.  I found myself struggling to hear a few times, honestly, but expect that from this kind of decor.I'm glad to see that Serpas seems to be doing well - my Aunt and Uncle had read the reviews online and their high expectations were definitely met.
<review# 847,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2012,7/21/2012,47,125,4,3,4>I hardly give restaurants 5 stars but "Woo-freaking-hoo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!" THIS IS AS GOOD AS IT GETS; I PROMISE :) My girlfriend's birthday was this weekend and wanted to try this place because she had heard so many good things about it. While we didn't make a reservation (because you have to make a reservation ahead of time), the manager/owner, Sean, made sure we were seated at  a reasonable time. Inman Park has really blossomed into a little metropolitan neighborhood with many different restaurants within a block of each other. Our server was Billy, and he is the most awesomest bestest server I have ever had. He made the whole experience one that will be talked amongst my friends for ages to come. The tapas are deliciousssssssssssssssssss BEYOND delicious; whatever they are doing, I need to know so I can re-create some of these tapas dishes at home. We shared the potatoes, calamari, goat cheese salad, shrimp in a delicious butter something or another sauce that went perfectly with the bread, their eggplant dish, chicken, and beef empanadas.  To end our already FABULOUS meal, we ordered their chocolate and caramel crepe which is tiny explosions of awesomeness going off in your mouth . I can't say enough or write enough about just how wonderful this place is in terms of atmosphere, service, and food. Everyone is so friendly which only adds to how much fun our dinner was. YOU GOTTA TRY THIS OUT! AND TAKE ME WITH YOU WHEN YOU GO :)
<review# 848,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2012,7/20/2012,342,294,9,9,9>In an episode of 30 Rock, Liz Lemon speaks to how the ubiquitous comfort food across all cultures is the sandwich. Banh-Mi-Oh-My!  I love me some Vietnamese comfort food. The banh-mi at Lee's is awesome. After being outside at a car show all day, one of our pal's suggested Lee's for fresh smoothies, sandwiches, and pho. I was tired, thirsty and starving so this sounded like heaven.And it was the best comfort food...my goodness, I ate everything that was put in front of me. The strawberry smoothie was delicious, and I also sampled my friend's mango. Next time, I'll be brave enough to try the avocado smoothie (especially after reading the other Yelp reviews). I opted for a combination special, with half a banh-mi and seafood pho. The sandwich came first: warm chicken served on crusty bread with fresh cilantro, carrots, cabbage and jalapenos. I then continued to carbo load on pho noodles, sprouts, and seafood. The fish cake was a little funky, so I don't know if I'll get the seafood option again, but the pho itself was great.I was in a pho-foodie coma after being outside in the heat then eating at Lee's. A smoothie and combination lunch set me back about $10 with tip and I was so full that I didn't even want to eat dinner that later night, And I slept like Liz Lemon after she eats too many meatball subs.
<review# 849,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2012,7/19/2012,216,468,16,8,6>I have mixed feelings for There. And it's not what you think.The bison burger here is probably one of the most delicious burgers I've had in a long time. Served with a heaping pile of rosemary and garlic dressed fries, it's like I waved a magic wand -- burger was there one second, and gone the next. I also had a delicious, refreshing Moscow Mule served in this cool little copper mug. This hit the spot on a hot day in May. Plus, I shared the crab dip with a friend -- served hot, with a pile of small toasts. The dip had tons of lump crab meat with a nice, subtle lemon flavor, not too mayonaise-y. The downside to all of this? Damn them for being right next to my gym!! It's as if the universe is mocking me, as I stuff my face with all this delicious food, watching my gut protrude and swell, knowing I *really* should be next door running on the treadmill.At least I waved at LA Fitness as I drove by, hand on pooch.
<review# 850,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2012,7/18/2012,119,190,5,9,6>After a great afternoon at the East Atlanta Beer Festival I and my merry band of followers decide to complete our trip down college memory lane by finding some pizza after an afternoon of day drinking.  Unlike college we did not order from some local chain, we stepped up, WAY up to Antico Pizza.  It was my first time and it won't be my last.  The sitting is communal, large wood tables that hold multiple parties at the same time.  It reminded me of a brunch place I used to drag myself to on Sunday morning's in San Francisco and I love the concept.  We were in a party of four and had no trouble grabbing a table in the front room.  Which turned out to be a blessing, since the entire restaurant had the thermometer set at Blast Furnace, but the front room occasionally got a little breeze from the front door, allowing you to breathe.  Seriously, they aren't losing any money on the A/C bill, but I digress.  They only have one bathroom for the entire place, so don't drink a lot of water before you go.  It is BYOB without a corkage fee though, so I consider that a more than equitable trade.My girlfriend and I shared two pizzas, the Fromaggio, which is four cheeses, garlic and basil.  Confession:  me and the girl have an unhealthy obsession with basil, so that disclosure aside, it was amazing.  Like a 4 year-old acting up in public, it had a charred bottom.  Not burnt, just right.  The basil was on top of the pizza, fresh and in large chunks, like taking a breath of fresh air on a mountain top.The second pie we devoured was the San Gennaro, which is salsiccia, sweet red pepper, bufala, cipolline.  Now I am from the midwest, so I only recognized one of those items, but all together, it was a fine pie.As a little added bonus, as we were leaving, they gave us a free pizza to go, the place was closing, they had an extra and we gladly accepted it.  We had it for lunch (ok, that is a lie, we had it for breakfast, sorry mom) the next day.  And it had some type of pepperoni maybe on it?  Whatever it was, it was the best of the three.  We are going back just to find out what it was and get it again, A-M-A-Z-I-N-G.To Recap:The Good:  The pizza is the best in the city and I would know, I have eaten at all 476 places that serve it here.  The setup with the communal tables is fun and any staff that gives me a free pizza as I am walking out the door, is second on my favorite person list only to Santa Claus.The Bad:  I am in my mid 30's and I felt like I was chaperoning a middle school dance.  Come on Gen X'ers, let's take this place back from those damn kids!  And let's get them to stay off my lawn while we are at it!  Also, one bathroom is tough, one waste backet with a monutain of used paper towels is tougher.  Empty that thing from time to time, you only have one to check on.The Band This Restaurant Most Resembles: Luciano Pavarotti.  The best there ever was.
<review# 851,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2012,7/17/2012,36,138,2,13,7>We may be land-locked, but The Optimist by famed Atlanta chef and restauranteur Ford Fry (JCT Kitchen and No. 246) will make you think you're sitting beach side. I'm just going to say it - I love everything about this restaurant.First, I love the easy parking. That may seem odd, but I've gotten a bit tired lately of valets in tiny, packed lots, or worse, hard to find street parking. Nice sized lot off Howell Mill (big sign so you don't miss it) and lots of parking off 8th Street. Oyster Bar at The Optimist is the casual bar that I can see myself spending many a post-work early evening at sipping a cold beer or glass of white wine (highly recommend the Beach Ball) and indulging in some briny oysters or peel and eat shrimp.Step into The Optimist proper and you will be amazed at the attention to detail, the great service, the fun little touches that don't hit you over the head with a nautical theme and better still - the amazing food.They start you with delicious house made rolls topped with maldon salt. Some of the dishes cry out for these rolls to sop up the savory broths, including the garlicky tiny clams & pork belly with hand-torn croutons dish - so save some for that or just order more. The fried clam roll with kimchi vinegar and house pickles was also a winner on a Holeman & Finch bun. They also feature of course, oysters on the half shell. East and West Coast oysters made you feel like you were seaside with various accompaniments including crackers, hot sauce, cocktail sauce and real horseradish.While the restaurant features skirt steak, wood roasted half amish chicken, roasted heritage pork and lamb belly, the focus is definitely on seafood. We enjoyed the alaskan halibut, wood grilled hen of the wood with red wine fish bordelaise and the skate wing "schnitzel" with brown butter, charred lemon, and capers. So deliciousThe sides are also amazing - I wanted to try them all! Ended up with the potato gnocchi with lobster butter and corn and the sliced local heirloom tomatoes with louie dressing.I'll be back to try the buttered spring onion potato puree and corn milk hushpuppies.One of the cooler things I stumbled upon on the way to the restroom were two racks of old school hotel style keys. Puzzled, I thought maybe I needed one to open the restroom door, but the doors had no key locks. Chef Ford Fry happens by as I'm looking very confused about these bright orange keys and explains that they printed 1,000 of these keys and they are for the patrons to take. Score! I promptly scooped up #177. What I'm hoping is that eventually when all 1,000 keys are taken that those keyholders will be able to bring them back to 'unlock' a special plate on the menu. Appetizer, entree, dessert, doesn't matter. I cannot forget dessert. I was leaning towards the fried pound cake with ice cream, fudge and fried peanuts, but went with the ice box cake of the day - lemon. Cool and refreshing! My boyfriend (a chef!) was a bit more adventurous and got the buttermilk doughnuts with sweet corn ice cream and hot pepper jam.I mentioned earlier in this post that I loved everything about this restaurant and it's true. An amazing experience from start to finish and a huge addition to the already great Westside food and bar scene.Look on the bright side and go visit The Optimist.
<review# 852,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/3/2012,7/16/2012,159,524,18,12,5>This place receives quite a bit of flak from tourists and locals alike; however, I personally find it wildly addictive for reasons that are mostly attributable to the clientele and not the actual food. During my last visit, I witnessed a woman donning a fanny pack, stirrup pants, AND a bedazzled Jesus t-shirt, a lone man who pounded a plate of fried chicken large enough to end hunger in a third world country, and another woman being escorted out by security because she had setup camp at a table all afternoon and refused to leave. In the end, they could probably charge admission to this sideshow and I would still come back.Food: Everything is fried to a state of glorious oblivion. My favorite dish is the Midnight Train, which is essentially a standard waffle with four southern fried chicken wings. Overall, the dish is not spectacular and not even close to being the best chicken and waffles that I've ever ingested. They also tout their wings as "jumbo", which I have to disagree with after having lived in Buffalo for a decade. Despite the lackluster food, this place is still worthy of a novelty visit, particularly if you have visitors in town and are looking for a memorable experience. Service: As others have noted, the wait to get a table at this place will exceed an hour on a good day. However, once you do get in, service is relatively fast and reasonably cordial. I live within walking distance and find that the lines are typically shorter during the weekdays and in the mid-afternoon.Atmosphere: Loud and chaotic. The air is also extremely heavy; I'm still not sure whether it's a result of poor ventilation or the fact that the inordinately large  proportion of morbidly obese patrons is wreaking havoc on the oxygen supply. Clientele is a mixed bag of crazy, but mostly tourists. Cost: Inexpensive. Appetizers range between $6 and $9, while entrees range between $9 and $13. Other:  Make sure to go inside and give your name to the hostess immediately upon arrival; it often appears that a line is forming outside the door, but these individuals have just grown weak and are leaning against the wall for support while waiting for their name to be called. Free parking options are non-existent in this area, so your best bet is to pay at the lot directly adjacent to the restaurant.
<review# 853,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/29/2012,7/15/2012,51,304,,9,6>Eddies Attic OTP!!!  The new arrangement between the Red Clay Theatre and Eddie Owen has resulted in a marvelous cultural opportunity for Duluth and the surrounding area and the Red Clay Theater is a perfect venue for this project.The Red Clay Theatre is located in the heart of the Duluth Business District with ample free parking.   Yes ITP people I said Free parking and nobody is going to boot your car either!!!  You can grab a meal, before the show, across the street at Steverino's yelp.com/biz/steverinos- .The Red Clay has become a phenomenal listening room with singular acoustics and a more than adequate, professionally operated, sound system.  The listing culture here is becoming well established partially due to kind admonishments to the crowd that talking is not appreciated during the performances.   The room is larg enough to seat a larger audience than the Attic but still small enough to provide an intimate experience with the artist(s).  Consequently, the venue is drawing some of the best singer/songwriters in the country, and appears to be attract an eclectic crowd of locals and Attic regulars.  As the reputation of this room grows, I expect that it will become a destination for music fans from all over the southeast.  A limited selection of beer and wine is available and I am going to gripe a bit about the selection.  You would think that they could offer a little more variety since it is bottled beer.  Something dark please!. My only other complaint is that the seats are kind of narrow with strange short arm rests and giant cup holders.  However, when the music starts, and you can hear every nuance and string squeak, the size of the seat becomes much less important. This is one of the best rooms in town. Bravo!
<review# 854,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2012,7/14/2012,959,890,12,10,14>On the quest for great BBQ, my heart was shattered AGAIN from Boner's BBQ, as they so pulled a fast one on us (I created a UYE months ago, and have yet to go)- as they claimed they had to close down for the day.  Starving, and almost incoherent from hunger pains, we were atop Boner's enjoying the view of the city.  After driving around for more failed attempts at BBQ, our local hero, Daniel "The Wizard" B. came up with a suggestion- Curly's.  At this point, I would have eaten sewage at the water treatment facility...So we took the trek across town and came across Curly's right before 8pm.  I am so glad we got there when we did- as it got crowded, QUICK!  Parking can be somewhat of a pain and is slightly confusing (as it is a stand, with a few outdoor seats, and 4 parking spots up front).  Thankfully for dinner, the place next door is closed and is available for parking.  There is a sign that says "additional Curly's around back"- but then all of the signs say "La Fonda parking only".  To hell with that, I parked back there anyway (thankfully I had a birds eye view of the street corner to look out for tow trucks).  Not only do they sell chicken, but they have the option of whitefish(cod), and jumbo shrimp as well.  You can even get 3 sides and a drink combo.  Speaking of drinks- they only sell 20oz coke products, but the kicker- they sell Kool-Aid (red, purple, and lemonade), and by the half-gallon (7$)!  You better believe I got one!The first time I ordered, I got 6 tenders, dipped in secret sauce, and fries.  I damn near chugged my kool-aid while I was waiting (I was so thirsty, I didn't care about the dirty looks I kept getting).  And then they called our name(s)... It was time!I shit you not, these were the best tenders I have ever had, anywhere.  I have had some damn good tenders too- but the seasoning, the crunch, the juiciness of the meat, and that oh-so-secret sauce makes it a freaking knock out of the park.  I could have cared less about the fries- as they were good, but I was still fixated on that chicken.  Still haven't had the boned chx yet, maybe one day I will try it.  Another great part is that, even though they were covered in sauce, cleanup was not a problem and I wasn't covered in mess.  It wasn't greasy at all.Did I tell you I loved this place so much I went back the next night, and then 2 days after for lunch?  If I didn't live 30 miles away, I would be here until it's time to get a stint in my arteries.Everything comes in a "take out" bag- so take note that the napkins, fork/knife/spoon, wet nap, and peppermint are in the bottom of the bag.  I also didn't see a restroom- but I am sure you can always go to La Fonda if you really need to go.The only thing I would change about this place is to have a 32oz version of Kool-Aid.I cannot wait until we meet again, Steve (Curly's son, the owner)!
<review# 855,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/27/2011,7/13/2012,91,100,5,8,3>As someone who is part Cuban and from Miami I know and love Cuban food. I have to confess that when my husband and I were first talking about moving to the Atlanta area one of the first things I did was look up Cuban restaurants. What can I say? Cuban food makes my heart sing! ((Blushes))The Cuban Diner is in a small strip center but don't let the exterior put you off. The inside of the restaurant is very clean and the service is very friendly. They have many traditional entrees like Ropa Vieja, Bistec Empanizado, Vaca Frita, and Lechon Asado. I always order the Bistec Empanizado when trying out a new Cuban restaurant and kind of use it as my benchmark dish. Even though it seems like a basic entree, breaded steak, there are some nuances in preparing it that can quickly separate the good from the bad. I am happy to report that Cuban Diner delivered. The steak was a good cut, pounded thin and lightly breaded. It was fried without being overdone and thus the steak was tender and not chewy. My only surprise was that it did not come with Mojo sauce on top, which is how it is traditionally served. I went ahead and asked for some Mojo sauce and the sauce I received was more oily than I am used to having it, but the basics were there - garlic (lots of it!), onion, oregano, and citrus juice. I ordered it with yellow rice and maduros. The maduros were some of the best I ever had - really ripe, soft, and sweet.  My Mom ordered the Lechon Asado and it was also great - the pork was tender and flavored really well. She ordered boiled Yuca as a side and WOW!!! it was soooooo good - I will definitely be getting an order next time I stop in. The owner personally came by to check on us while we were eating and also thanked us when we were leaving.Even though we stopped in for lunch the entree sizes were really generous and I had enough left over for another full lunch the following day. The lunch prices are reasonable $7.50 - $9.99 for a large entree with two sides or $5.75 - $6.99 for sandwiches.I can't wait to go back and sample some more of the delicious food. Highly recommend!P.S. If you are planning on doing any public speaking or having a make out session in the near future you might want to avoid the Mojo sauce unless you have a box of Altoids on hand - it packs a punch! Of course, you can always do what I do and just make sure your dining companions have some as well! XXXX
<review# 856,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2012,7/12/2012,45,86,11,15,9>Given that some friends and I have been on a somewhat half-hearted mission to find the best burger in Atlanta, it's only fitting that Ann's Snack Bar is on the list.  As you've probably heard/read about, Ann's Snack Bar carries the lofty reputation of serving the "best burger in Atlanta," if not the "best burger in America."  My expectations were high, and after my visit to Miss Ann's Snack Bar, I still believe that the title of "best burger in Atlanta" is a tie between YEAH! Burger and Farm Burger.  I rank Ann's Snack Bar slightly behind and on the same level as Grindhouse Killer Burgers, which is also excellent, so although I don't consider Ann's Snack Bar to feature the paragon of Atlanta burgers, I concede that there is an argument to be made and that you should certainly visit Miss Ann's to decide for yourself.But before you saunter into Ann's Snack Bar, there are some conditions that you need to be aware of, as well as rules that you must abide by lest you be cussed out by Miss Ann.  First and foremost, wait in the patio until your turn; i.e., when a customer leaves and you can clearly see an empty seat.  When you enter, DO NOT have a phone in your hand and be certain that your phone is set to silent mode.  I read that Miss Ann only accepts cash, so stop by your local bank/ATM if necessary and also take a bathroom break before venturing out, as Ann's Snack Bar doesn't seem to have a restroom available.  And though Miss Ann is inclined to use obscene language, you are not afforded that same privilege.  For the most part, be on your best behavior, ask permission before you do ANYTHING, and be careful not to slight Miss Ann because anyone can be ejected at her whim.Miss Ann has been compared to the "Soup Nazi" because she knows that her food is excellent, she knows that demand far exceeds supply, and she knows that for every potential customer that she casts out, at least 2 others are eagerly waiting for that same opening.  Miss Ann runs a small operation, sort of like a "mom & pop" business but only the mom part.  Yes, she has an assistant, but Miss Ann handles practically all of the food preparation and is the master of all she surveys.  I dined at Ann's Snack Bar on a Monday afternoon in a party of 4.  We braved a 35-minute wait time in the patio and an additional 40 minutes for our food once we claimed 4 of the coveted 8 seats inside.  As Trung N. mentioned, you want to sit on the right side of the restaurant because the left side faintly smells of bleach detergent.  As Kathleen M. indicated, Miss Ann's idea of a take-out container is offering a sheet of aluminum foil to wrap over your Styrofoam plate.  Ann's Snack Bar isn't located in the best part of town and it's not much to look at, but lower overhead costs mean that the "world famous Ghetto Burger" combo is only $10.  Believe the hype because the Ghetto Burger is delicious and HUGE; I had difficulty palming it and could only eat half of that prodigious double patty behemoth.  The Ghetto Burger is so satisfyingly indulgent that it may shorten your lifespan, but eating them will be a life well spent.
<review# 857,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2012,7/11/2012,322,320,12,7,4>4.5 stars if i could... - 0.5 for ALL THE DAMN SHOES I'VE RUINED HERE :P This is not a regular club. I always tell my out of town friends, oh yea its underground. pause. no literally, its underground. its so underwhelming yet holds that nostalgic special place in my heart. GIRLS- be careful what shoes you wear. not only will they probably get dirty, there is a huge ramp you need to walk down to enter. falling out on your ass is not sexy. Also, don't take your shoes off (which you shouldn't be doing period in life anyway). Sarah B.'s review is a pretty good summary too shoutout! The artwork has changed recently (sadly, because it was formerly an awesome atl korean native dosa kim - mad props.. still have that tshirt with your design on it)  and they've done a little renovation to the front area (dj booth moved to the right side and a mini stage set up). There are like booths for sitting on the sides.. can't remember the last time i did though because every time I come here i'm either at the bar or on the floor.. it can be a hit or miss here though. Honestly one of the things I miss now that I live in Chattanooga are mjq on WEDNESDAY nights. Weds and Friday are good nights. Saturday can be hit or miss (from my recollection). *If you listen to house remixes of rap songs and top 40, take yourself back to opera. This is more for like.. just having fun and being your weird self. ok so other deets- parking streets past mjq or if ur lucky in front of bookhouse ( don't know if thats really allowed). used to in front of kroger.. watch out for tow-ers. cover's usually like 5-10 unless its like an event or monthly. main room will be whatever the dj wants.. back room is almost always hip hop. and watch your step. I noticed there's also a coat check now. OH and beware the bathroom and check for tp before. Drinks are cheap (in my opinion). ~5 for mixed and 3 for pbr. I've seen a lot of people drunkenly do really embarrassing things here.. myself included. That's pretty much it... DYL (just found out what this meant) and have fun!
<review# 858,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2012,7/10/2012,214,189,5,10,8>Having both a renovation and a build-out in my mind, I decided to stop into EcoDenizen after work today. I thought to just get a good picture of what options I could have when renovating my kitchen and bathroom. I found a beautifully-decorated store with a wide range of items for anyone from the casual shopper to someone (like me) who's interested in some potentially serious gutting-and-replacing work. I first just browsed around, noting items like bulk cleaning products, tumblers made from old wine bottles, and tote bags made from old seatbelts. As I was browsing, Gene (or T. Gene from his business card) asked if I was looking for anything in particular, and we got to talking about more involved green choices in the home. I learned that in addition to eco-friendly odds and ends such as LED lightbulbs, EcoDenizen will also provide architectural design and renovation services through Gene's wife (who is an architect whose name I didn't happen to catch), such as kitchen remodels for countertops or cabinets, or lighting redesign.To top this all off, while I had to take a call, Gene helped another couple who walked into the store with a question about where to find live music.As David K. says: Nice People Work Here.
<review# 859,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/10/2012,7/9/2012,257,221,2,4,6>I went to Pho Bac with coworkers for a goodbye lunch to another coworker.  It was busy but not crowded for lunch and we were seated quickly.  It took a bit longer to get our food order which surprised me because these places are known for quick service and high turnover.  I ordered a small bowl of pho number 9 (well done brisket and skirt flank), the grilled chicken spring rolls, and sweet lemonade.  The lemonade was very sweet to me.  I'm not eating a lot of sweets anymore and the sugar/syrup content in this was a lot.  But it had a lot of ice so during our lunch, the ice melted and watered down the drink a bit.  The chicken spring rolls were as good as expected, nothing spectacular, but the veggies were crisp and cool, lending a great texture to the roll.  The pho had a lot more meat than I expected, so much that I couldn't eat it all. In pho dishes I've had in the past, there's been more noodles than meat, so I was surprised by this. The broth was pretty clear and tasty, definitely a thumbs up.  So for about $12, I got a helluva huge meal. One of my coworkers ordered the mango bubble tea, and I had a small taste of it.  It tasted pretty good - not too sweet.  I didn't get a "bubble" in my sample but my coworker liked the texture of them and that's usually a good sign.  Yelp 52 #15
<review# 860,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2012,7/8/2012,58,141,3,6,7>I knew I would like this restaurant from the moment I walked through the "wine tunnel."  The design is spartan, yet it makes sense.  There are a few tables, and two different levels of "bars." The bars have a great communal feel.  All of the wine is Italian, but don't let that scare you.  At least half of the wine list is made up of bottles priced under $30.  We enjoyed a lovely grenache for $23.Menu is simple.  Focusing on what they do well, there are a few small plates, 3-4 pasta dishes, and a whole range of Italian pizzas.  Nothing over $25.  We had a nice arugula salad with anchovy croutons, toast drizzled with mushrooms and lardo, and a special pizza with Italian sausage, chilis, rapini, and cheese. They have the same ovens as Antico, and they do a great job with them.  Unlike some other new spots around town (cough Fuoco di Napoli) they aren't trying to rip off Antico.  Instead, the pizzas have a thinner crust, and more interesting toppings.  Service was a bit slow, but it's their first week.  I'll cut them some slack for that.I will definitely be back here.  Fun for a weekend out with friends, or just a weeknight date night without blowing the bank.
<review# 861,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2011,7/7/2012,777,438,10,8,10>Finally it has happened to meRight in front of my faceMy feelings can't describe itFINALLY! I 've had Carver's Grocer-E!(anyone get the reference??) I love Southern food and heard a lot of positive things about Carver's. After two years in the A, I finally made it to Carver's. They have pretty limited hours, 11-3 M-F, so I had to wait until the stars aligned for my day at Carver's. The area actually seems kind of desolate so I was nervous I was in the wrong area, but Carver's signage is prominent enough to not be missed. There are no parking lots, so you'd have to park in the neighborhood. We were merrily greeted by a gentleman at the cash register. At Carver's, you make your selection, get your food, take a tkt, and pay when you're finished. It's cash only. Also, it may become communal seating. There's 1 toilet. The space is intimate, but welcoming. I love the signage. They're funny and a lot of them are endearing gender bias remarks: adorable! If you order a meal, it comes with bread and 2 sides. The portions here are generous. I ordered brisket with green beans, and corn bread and Mac N Cheese. Do you remember the scene for Ratatouille when the food critique took a bit of the ratatouille? Well, my first bite didn't bring me back to my childhood, but it gave me complete satisfaction. I'm glad they gave a heaping too. My friend ordered pot roast, cheese bread, sweet potatoes, and broccoli casserole. Although the pot roast was slightly dry, the dish was still delectable.  Show your student id and get $1 off.
<review# 862,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2012,7/6/2012,95,60,16,24,22>I don't want to call it too soon, but The Lawrence may actually live up to all the hype. I *think* we might finally have a new restaurant in Atlanta that is not a farm to table nouveau-southern bullshittery. Nor a dive bar. Nor a passe yuppy gastropub. It's hard to make me disappointed at the sight of mac n' cheese on a menu, but Atlanta, you have done it. And The Lawrence hasn't... yet. So let's do this... The style of the restaurant is what my house looks like in my imagination. A splash of apothecary and rustic vintage (sans that nasty farmhouse kitsch), succulents in bell jars, mixes of woods, metals, textures. It looks like they haven't quite put the finishing touches on everything yet, but it is thoughtful, relaxed, and elevating.More importantly, the stuff that comes out of this kitchen is damn good. And they have a gorgeous open kitchen for spying purposes. I've sampled several dishes so far, but the uncontested winner is the pork cheeks with spaetzle. The pork cheek was so far and away better than any pork I have ever eaten that I question whether I've been eating pork these many years. Spaetzle was just a bit crispy fried, a touch of kale to further complicate the textures. I literally shovelled it into my mouth, which was... not wholly attractive.Also down the hatch went a parade of fancy but unfussy foods, with some expected stylish all-stars prepared in unexpected ways: rapini with some marmalade concoction, stuffed poussin with duck foie and a mess of delicious miscellany lurking around it, beef jerky, gnocchi so soft I cannot understand how the pretty little things stuck together, and wine. Oh so much wine. My fingers and toes are crossed that affordable wine pairing is an emerging trend in Atlanta. However out of fashion wine pairing has become (gasp! so bourgeois!), the servers/ bartender knew what we were about to eat and were thus in a far better position to tell us what we should be drinking. Also the cocktails were mad delish. Lavender/ ginger/ elderberry whaaaaaat? Yes, I accept.Bottom line: if The Lawrence puts mac and cheese on the menu, I'll eat it.
<review# 863,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/28/2012,7/3/2012,45,265,2,13,7>Went to the restaurant on the 3rd night they were open. The restaurant is in the space where the Globe used to be in Tech Square. The restaurant space has been seriously refurbished and the layout is with individual tables, community spaces and booths. The kitchen part for preparation of the hot meals is an integral part of the main diningroom. The chef, Richard Blais, is well known for creative dishes. The menu card has a number of interesting surprises. The "lamb chops" are minched, the New York strip cut in slices, ... overall a very interesting set of dishes and the prices are surprising accessible. We tried foie gras and General Tso Sweet Bread for appetizers. Both were really good. The foie gras is almost like butter. Both of the dishes are large enough to share. For the main dish we had strip steak and lamb chops. The strip was fatty and what the waiter called a long island cut. The dishes were well prepared. The sides were on the small side, but very tasty. We had cheese cake and panna cotta. The cheese cake is an interesting variation, whereas the panna cotta was fantastic. Our server, Tony, was very attentive and had great suggestions. Fantastic service. This is a serious step up from the earlier restaurants in this place. Fancy food but also a bit pretentious.
<review# 864,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2012,7/2/2012,17,20,29,10,6>I know what you're feeling. It's just you and your bro, Nathan, trying to strengthen that platonic-only bond you share. Both of your girlfriends call, demanding to know where you are, who you're with. Well you just turn your cell phones off. This isn't about girls anymore. They're like Will Smith's parents: they just don't understand. This night's about two dudes trying to make a connection in this mixed-up world of ours. And what better way than Ethiopian food?I've never eaten Ethiopian food, but when my good friend, Nathan, who I harbor no romantic feelings for at all, offers to take me out to a little nation called Ethiopia, how can I refuse? So supple-lipped Nathan picks me up in his 2002 Toyota Corolla (what a gentleman!) and takes me over to Piassa.This place is so frigging romantic. Piassa would be perfect for an inexpensive date/two bros hanging out not thinking about kissing one another. The atmosphere is great, with dimmed lights and exotic music playing in the background. I would say that the music beats at the tempo of love, but that's just my opinion.I let my handsome friend order for me, because his shoulders are broader than mine. We get this $15 plate to share that included beef, lamb, a salad, and a tangy sauce. Along with our plate came four very phallic rolls of dough. Oh yeah, they came. Yummy. We lubricated up with a couple of delicious Ethiopian beers I had never tried before. Nathan is so worldly.I would describe Ethiopian cuisine as the most intimate cuisine of all. Our hands accidentally brush sometimes, but that's okay. This isn't the first time I've held Nathan's hand, and it won't be the last. The service was great, the food was scrumptious, and that $15 plate even filled up two very vigorously active men who are completely devoted to their girlfriends but sometimes need to be alone with only the company of other gorgeous gentlemen.Seriously, don't show this to my girlfriend.
<review# 865,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2012,7/1/2012,77,219,6,5,3>I call them at 11am on a Saturday to a get a reservation for noon. It went something like this-me: Hi, is it possible to make a reservation for noon today?dude: Noon? Sure no problem.me: great.dude: (silence)me: so it's a party of four...dude: ok. (silence)me:...Party under Ana? dude: Ana. ok. me: ...ok... see you soon!I was totally confused by the super awkward phone interaction,I mean isn't the dude supposed to be the one asking me for these details regarding said rezzi? Then I walk into the restaurant and I get it. Place is empty, y'all. I mean I walk in and the sound of my footsteps echo through the whole establishment. Dude was pretend scribbling the whole time we were on the phone. Soooo, I'm wondering, is noon too early for brunch? Do ppl not think of OES as a brunch place? cause they should. We had a great experience. I was the only one drinking (no surprise), and ordered a pimms cup. One sip and it brought me wonderful memories of summer in london sharing pitchers of Pimms with dad. I have been searching for a genuine, English-tasting pimms concoction for years in the US and I have now found it. Oh and then the bartender turns to me and says, oh, I'm glad you liked it, cause it was the first drink I have made ever. You're shitting me. Whoever is teaching these kids needs a serious kudos. We ordered a bunch of plates to share and loved them all. I really enjoyed the rarebit (cause I love salty awesome things), the sardines (as others have said so balanced, delicate and fresh), and the side collard greens. The latter was cooked with bacon and syrup and it was amazing. I wish I could have ordered more of the vegetable sides because I was in love. Next time, for sure.
<review# 866,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2012,6/30/2012,83,162,5,16,4>Tomo is now Hoki, which threw me initially but it was late and we were starved and couldn't drive another mile in search of the next best thing (my usual MO). As it happens, we did the very right thing by pressing on despite the surprise change of ownership. The interior remains soothing and tasteful, and the staff is as helpful as ever in recommending outstanding menu items. We started with what was seriously the best sake I've ever put in my mouth (my choice, actually, over several recommends which I'm sure would have been good but this one was spot on, despite the obvious laugh buried in the name "Oninoshitaburui"). The edamame here is outstanding, which you might find ridiculous until you learn that most places use Chinese soy beans as compared to the Japanese soy beans here, which are sweet and buttery - huge difference. Next up was the Japanese snapper in Hoki Nuta sauce, absolutely divine, all I could do not to lick the bowl (they caught me scooping it up with my chopsticks rest and pitied me enough to bring me a spoon!).  Although I rarely order calamari because I find it tough and tasteless, the best I've had has been prepared at Japanese restaurants, and this was no exception: tender, lightly fried, and accompanied by a light, frothy, delicious jalapeño sauce. Moving right along: salmon carpaccio with watercress, cucumbers & olive oil - very, very (surprisingly) nice. Salad was run-of-the mill, but honestly, when there's good sushi to be had, why bother with a silly salad? We didn't waste any time putting the greens aside and ordering up the tuna tartare roll topped with lotus chips - inhaled it! Really didn't have the stomach space for it, but topped off a fabulous meal with a couldn't-pass-over homemade dessert: green tea cake with a light green tea icing, none of which was overly sweet - just a perfect ending to a perfect meal. Bottom line? Tomo or Hoki, tomato or to-mah-to, this place is still great no matter what they call it!
<review# 867,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2012,6/29/2012,787,655,9,3,6>My lunch partner and I watched in amazement as this tiny man consumed what looked like a gallon of pho ( the extra large size) broth and all!! *round of applause* wow that bowl was bigger than my head!! Lunch for 2 ran around $15 with the addition of Vietnamese coffee or what I like to call rocket fuel. Great spot for a quick bite in the area.
<review# 868,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2011,6/28/2012,84,115,6,7,4>This review is based solely on Brunch. And it was O-so-good! Come hungry please! This is brunch, so I'm assuming you will come without having eaten already. Don't be greedy.Upon seeing the delicious array of food you will want to stuff your face silly and will try to fill your plate until you deny yourself a little self-respect and suck up the potential dirty looks by your peers, but not to worry, they will do it too. So sit, enjoy and order a little OJ (the deal comes with a drink). And just when you think you can't eat anymore, you will get up and head to the Belgian waffle station because this is the right thing to do, after all you're in America. Horay for delicious brunch food!Can't wait to comeback.
<review# 869,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2012,6/27/2012,338,442,3,5,5>Finally made it out here.  We tried coming here for their Sunday brunch several weeks ago, and decided that a 1.75 hour wait just wasn't worth it- we were on a time crunch as well. But today, there was no time crunch.  We were told there would be a 45 minute wait...and we did wait...for about an hour- super hungry, so expectations were high, especially for their burger.  Wifey got the fried oyster sandwich with onion rings. Was the burger worth the wait? Mmm...yep. The flavors of the simple ingredients (pickles, red onions, cheese, meat patty, and toasted buttered bun) indeed melded together to make a truly great-tasting burger. I was doing my best to savor the burger, so I intermittently kept picking at the chicken liver pate we also ordered, which was quite good as well.  Great burger (4.5).  I realize that I'm "late to the game" regarding having their burger, and have heard/read that it has seen better days years back.  But it is what it is.  A great burger.  I wasn't necessarily feeling so great afterwards (food coma), but I'd come back...maybe in a few months. Pimento cheese appetizer wasn't bad either. All in all, a definite 4+ star experience.
<review# 870,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2012,6/26/2012,216,364,1,7,6>Hello adorable bakery/cafe of my dreams!  Fantastic addition to the Westside - delicious fresh pastries and sandwiches, and be still my heart - Croque Madames!  So very good.  Everyone was super friendly.  Wi-fi, excellent couches a plus. Word is they're hoping to get their liquor license soon. I just hope this place doesn't get too popular for me to fight people off that enormously cozy sofa!
<review# 871,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2012,6/25/2012,296,419,6,8,7>Rose's alteration is freaking awesome!You see I use to weigh 200 lbs a year ago and lost about 50 lbs. But during my fat era, I bought some suits and shirts that are huge on my new body. I'm not made of money where I can buy a whole new wardrobe and I love the clothes that I had bought. SO I got recommended to this place and took my clothes here.I gave them a shirt and a suit jacket to test them. They fitted me and a week later they had my suit jacket and shirt tailored to my size for a decent price. I was really impressed with how they tailored my clothes They even use the original seams to reduce the size of my clothes. The altered clothes looked great on me that I came back with more.Great job Rose's Alterations. I'm definitely bringing back more clothes for you to alter. Thanks!PS They only take cash.
<review# 872,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2012,6/24/2012,97,124,4,7,3>I was pleasantly shocked and surprised upon entering The Sound Table one Sunday night. I've passed by this grunding looking building a number of times but always thought it was some dive establishment. Never judge a book by it's cover ring a bell?The scene: Low lighting, romantic, chill, hard wood chairs so you can't get cozy but you still can The drinks: Strong, hand crafted, unique, makes you make the "hmm what aroma is that" face which is always a good thingThe food: Exotic, tapas, flavorful, don't come looking for the usual calamari, but the baby octopus and sweet breads are delish!The overall: I will be back. I would have to agree with others about the sketchy parking, but that's Downtown Atlanta for you. Just watch your surrounds and don't be preoccupied with your cell phone, you'll be fine.
<review# 873,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2011,6/23/2012,527,87,15,12,12>As I write this review, I am still in hair nirvana. I can't stop looking at it, touching it, reveling in it. Thanks to Kim, I now have a solid go-to gal to do my 'do.The place is super cute and quirky--an old house repurposed in the middle of Little 5 Points. Parking is kinda a hassle, but I couldn't care less; it was SO worth the walk.I had a delicious moment here, too; the kind only gay men get to have (lucky us!): listening to women let their guard down and have a real conversation about real stuff, i.e. guys, dating, other girls, et al. I love that; it's something most men will NEVER get to experience (sad face for them). It made me feel very welcome, even on my very first visit. Anyhoo, go and ask for Kim. She's great. Price was good and they didn't push products on me at the end (although I bought some anyway--c'mon, a haircut THIS good deserves it!).
<review# 874,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2012,6/22/2012,70,58,8,6,6>Emory village is sort of like a tropical jungle. If you've spent any time watching anything by David Attenborough, you would already know that the tropical rain forests are defined by the enormous and ancient broad-leaf giants who dominate the canopy layer and represent the majority of the biomass. They take all the sunshine and most of the nutrients, leaving bupkis for the little saplings trying to make it in the jungle (literally).Since the 'average-in-everyway' Everybody's and 'Asian-for-people-who-don't really like Asian' Doc Chey's, 'we're marginally better than Subway because we make bagels and pastries' Panera pull in 80% of the food business in this hood, new places seem to have a really hard time getting a foothold. I've seen a number of places just go belly up over the past few years.Fortunately, that trend seems to be changing and Bad Dog Taqueria is worth patronizing.The owner, Tracy, is a doll and she takes her food seriously. The playfully named Tacos also add an extra bit of spice to the dining experience. They recently received their liquor license and some of the bar-staff are still finding their way around. Since I'm not much for mixed drinks, I could care less. As long as they can pull a decent Oberon or Hopsecutioner, I'm alright.In addition to the standard menu, there are often daily/weekly specials. These can take the form of Tacos, Soups or even mouthwateringly good Empanadas. Save a few for me. Seriously, I've now gone there twice only to be told that you ravenous bastards have eaten them all.As far as the tacos go, I'm partial to the 'Go fish' (plantain crusted Tilapia with a creamy-cilantro sauce), 'I wanna be a cowboy' (Spice rubbed chicken breast with some crazy good spicy bbq sauce) and the 'Skinny bitch' (Mahi Mahi chunks with a pineapple cilantro slaw). Be prepared to make something up when your kids ask you what bitch means.All tacos can be ordered on Corn tortillas which are fantastic, but even the flour tortillas are really, really good. Soft, warm and perfectly flavored.Order the chips and salsa and you get a trio of salsa and some really good plantain, Yucca, Bonaito and regular corn chips. The same chips adorn the guac appetizer which is really, really good.If you're feeling like something on the lighter side, they will make you a salad out of any Taco on the regular menu. You get lots of lettuce and enough veggies and sides to make a decent meal.Finally, if you're a vegetarian or just feeling like taking a break from eating Babe, there are 3 vegetarian tacos as well as rice and beans to keep you happy.Go there. Just leave a few Empanadas for me.
<review# 875,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2012,6/21/2012,354,392,8,9,7>Vanessa T. and I planned a date night at a location that was oddly closed on the Wednesday night we tried to hit it up.   We were both hungry and our brains were scrambling, trying to figure out a place nearby where I can eat.  I started scouring my Yelp, trying to think... Wait, THINK.  Thinking Man!  That's it!!We dashed down Dekalb Ave to find the Thinking Man waiting for us with open arms and parking lot.  We sat down in a booth (which can be painful on your booty, ease into them) and ordered edamame to start.  Edamame prepared right is always good, and these little guys were done right.I've been wanting to try the TLT and asked if it is vegan.  I crossed my fingers and cringed- it sounded so good!  Marinated tofu, Texas toast, avocado spread!!  The waiter immediatedly said they will leave the butter off the toast, therefore making it vegan, YES!!  It was delicious!!  And the potato rounds are great, nice and crunchy, and my dousing of vinegar didn't phase them into limpness.  Vanessa had a BLT I believe, and she finished hers before me, which is a rarity since I generally inhale food like a ravenous dog.  I think the conversation and the ease of being able to hear each other in a bar-like setting helped me to slow it down.  After parting with my lovely date and heading home, my husband greeted me at the door with wide eyes, asking me about the TLT.  I couldn't lie to him, it was all that and  a side of potato rounds.  Looks like I'll be back soon so he can get some of that vegany goodness in his belly.
<review# 876,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2012,6/20/2012,40,261,2,16,6>OK So I love a good burger and I was anxiously awaiting for this place to open since I drive by it frequently but to be honest I wasn't expecting much because the name sounds like an average type of burger joint. This place, however,  is anything but average! From the minute you walk in you know someone has done this before.  The place has a great decor of old and new and eclectic flavors. I was blown away by the menu.  Nothing ordinary here such as a shrimp burger and lamb burger and salmon burger all reasonably priced.  The sides included fresh cut fries or sweet potato fries, fried rice or what I had, baby Brussels sprouts with sauteed onions and little chunks of bacon, AMAZING!  I would go back just for this big plate alone and only $3!!!  The menu is too good to have been developed by a rookie restaurateur so upon inquiring I found out the place is owned and operated by three brothers one of which was a chef and helped open Vinny's, Van Goghs, and Aspens all top notch quality places.  So here you have a Burger joint designed by a top chef that knows what he is doing with the quality of food from a top notch restaurant BUT with the burger joint prices!!!  The menu was so good I anticipate going back at least 5 times before I even try a beef burger.The place is called Stax because they give you (2) 3 oz patties on top of a home made bun.  My only critique which is more advice than a critique is this: I hate the name because it cheapens the quality of this place.  However, since  the place is called Stax why not make that your theme or USP (unique selling proposition) and let people STAX as many patties on a bun or bowl of lettuce as they want (for an up charge for each patty obviously).  They can even offer to mix and match patties. For example mixing a shrimp with a salmon patty or two beef patties with a lamb patty.  I really think they are missing taking advantage of their name on this one.  By being able to Stax as many patties or mixing patties is really something different.  It will get people talking and that is Free marketing!!!  Then again I think this place is so good and so well managed it will be successful no matter what they do.PS This place is so good I won't be going to The Counter (my favorite) for a while until I'm tired of coming here first and that may be awhile.
<review# 877,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2012,6/19/2012,291,260,7,10,9>Update: Went again for my first Unofficial Yelp Event (UYE) hosted by Daniel B and it was really fun meeting other Yelpers and watching the Peruvian-food virgins try anticuchos (beef heart) for the first time. They were delicious by the way.The food this time at Machu Picchu was significantly better, perhaps because they knew it was a Yelp event and stepped up their game. I ordered the Arroz con Pollo and OH MY LAND it was heavenly. Everyone who tried it said they were going to order it next time. The yucca fries were also amazingly moist this time around compared to the dried ones we tried last time. Also, the chicken empanada was superb... better than the beef empanada. One of the guys down the table also ordered the spaghetti with pesto and steak. Not sure if I would order pasta at a Peruvian restaurant, but I will say that it looked fantastic. So if you aren't much of an adventurer, there's still pasta.
<review# 878,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2011,6/18/2012,469,375,,9,4>When I arrived around 8:30 pm on a Saturday, the place was so packed that there were only two open tables.  They ran out of regular cups, so we received styrofoam cups with a carafe of cold water on the side.The food arrived fairly quickly after we placed our order.  The flavors of our dishes were great:Sweet-and-sour ribs: More sweet and savoury than sour.  The marinade was really delicious.  However, the ribs were a bit overcooked, being rather tough and hard.Deboned tea-smoked duck with ginger and scallions: This was quite good with a smoky flavor.  Because the duck meat was shredded in this dish and a bit fatty, I wish we had ordered the regular tea-smoked duck instead.  This does not taste anything like Peking duck (which is sweet and crispy), so don't come here expecting that.The decor reminds me of restaurants in the historic districts of Chinese cities.  It's really cute.Bottom line: Good authentic Sichuan food.
<review# 879,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2012,6/17/2012,28,78,7,5,5>Okay, I'm a little obsessed with this place. Sure, I live within stumbling distance, which makes it even better, but Doc's really stands alone in the dive bar category, and I'll tell you why.HOLY GOD THE QUESADILLA. There is nothing, anywhere, in the whole wide world, that could ever be bigger, better, and more filling than the chicken quesadilla. It is MASSIVE. Easily enough for two people, possibly three. Cheesy, chock-full of stuff (including some fairly spicy pico, all things considered)... and I wanna say they cut it into, like, 8 pieces. EIGHT. That's how big it is.The burgers are depressing, but the wings are delightful, and you MUST try the sour cream fries. They are served with some thin, slightly watery ranch, but they're fantastic on their own.As far as the specials board goes: if you ever see Peanut Butter Pie on there, order two pieces and take one home with you. Mega-ultra-extra delicious, to the max. I never get there in time to get more than one piece, because it's always gone. Sad panda. :(Be prepared to smell like smoke for two days, even after a shower. Febreze your clothes, and move on with your life. It's worth it for the really (and I mean REALLY) strong drinks, rowdy mid-life crisis victims, and the sheer fact that it's open until 4. For real.If you can reserve initial judgment, and not take your dining experience ever so very seriously, you will have an awesome time here, if for no other reason than it's an interesting place to people-watch and get stupid-drunk on some stupid-cheap beer with some just-plain-stupid folks. Because everyone gets a little stupid after midnight, anyway. Even me.
<review# 880,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2012,6/16/2012,234,141,12,6,5>Can I just say, total Sausage Fest. I have never liked this place. Ever. The deck was hot and the inside was full of arrogant EAV dudes watching soccer. That's always really irritated me. Well, either I've changed, they've changed or I was just in a good mood. There is a structure over the patio now that gives some refuge from the harsh urban elements. The beers are really fantastic. Service has always been nice, but this last time it was better than I remember. 5 stars on the beer selection. So of course, that added with multiple televisions broadcasting European sports will always bring the ding dongs... But whatever, I like ya Midway!
<review# 881,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/4/2011,6/15/2012,20,160,4,14,4>I came here for the first time on Friday night with a few girlfriends for some pre-dinner drinks and appetizers.  Dinner reservations were in midtown at 9:00pm, so we had some time to kill.  I just always expect a certain level of douch bag guys and young, attractive and barely dressed female servers whose primary job is to hang all over said douche bags.  Meaning I don't expect in the way of food or service any more.  That said, I actually enjoyed my time here.  Our young, attractive, barely dressed server took good care of us and recommended some good apps.Although there weren't any tables available on the patio when we got there, the patio doors were kept open so we could enjoy the music, which was much more my speed than the teeny bopper music of now.  We heard Def Leppard, Van Halen, Sting and a few in between.  Yes, this attracts an older crowd, but it's good to know there's a place in Buckhead that caters to more than just 22 year olds.
<review# 882,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2012,6/14/2012,37,141,7,17,8>Oh, hello, 7 days/wk food truck heaven within biking (okay, even walking) distance from my apartment.  Tonight was the food truck park opening and it was crazy time.  I mean, people everywhere, cars everywhere, lots and lots of people--who the heck said this was a recession anyway?  This place has a great mix of everything.  There is a little market area in the back with kettle corn and someone selling hostas (no offense, but I HATE hostas) and jewelry and soap and other such things.  There is an area with lawn for sitting & picnicking.  There are two bocce courts.  A playground.  A bouncy house for the little lads and lasses.  (Is that permanent?  I'm not sure...time will tell!)  In the food truck arena, the trucks will be rotating in and out.  Tonight I was delighted to partake in Yumbii (and it was yum-bii...tee hee), the panini truck whose name escapes me but made sliders that took 20 minutes and were STILL totally worth it, and a King of Pops chocolate sea salt pop.  Yep, if you saw a 28 yr old gal wandering around with chocolate dripping down her chest and tank top like a four year old, that was me--hi!  There were a good number of trucks there:  meatballs, sausages, arepas, gelato, cupcakes, Puerto Rican food.  All of the lines were long, but I'm guessing that as time goes on, things will settle down a bit.  Being opening night, I think all of Atlanta was chompin' at the bit to test this place out.  Advice:  Walk, or find somewhere to park and walk over.  The Publix strip on Collier is probably a good bet.  You can drive in, and there's really plenty of free parking in the general vicinity, but I think for ease of entrance and exit, I'd park elsewhere.  Then again, I'm the kind of person that takes a right and turns around in lieu of a left across several lanes of traffic--so, take that with a grain of salt, I suppose.I biked--would've been excellent were there a bike rack or two, but I just locked my girl to the fence and went on my merry way.  You can bring in a cooler with alcohol, which I highly recommend as nowhere was selling booze.  We bought a couple of Bud Platinums off of some guy who had a couple extra.  Next time, we'll probably plan ahead for that part.  Bring your kids, bring your friends, heck, bring your mom & dad--just remember to warn them that there will likely be a wait.  Don't go starvin', my friends!  You'll get cranky just waiting in line, and then the food won't taste as good.  Overall, I am already a mega-fan of this place.  I can't wait for the weekend farmer's market to open up!  I already loved the area I live in, but hell, I love it even more now!Pssst.  If you're wondering which trucks are going to be there for lunch or dinner, they are doing an excellent job at keeping their Facebook page updated each day!
<review# 883,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2011,6/13/2012,381,486,8,12,7>A friend of mine was going to be in town for the weekend, and he wanted to try good ol' soul food.  After asking for suggestions for good places on Talk Atlanta (yelp.com/topic/atlanta-h), I got some great recommendations - one of which was Mary Mac's Tea Room (thanks, guys!).  The reviews on Yelp looked pretty good, so I ultimately chose Mary Mac's.I was afraid that the place would be super busy and that there may be a wait on a Friday night, but our party of 7 was fortunate to avoid a wait around 7:30 pm.  (I had called a few hours earlier to see if we could make a reservation, but they only take reservations for parties of 8 or more.)The server asked whether we had been there before, but none of us had.  He brought us an assortment of complimentary breads - like dinner rolls, cornbread, and cinnamon rolls - as well as small cups of pot likker (a.k.a. pot liquor or potlikker), which I guess is only free for new guests.  It was my first time ever trying pot likker, which is the liquid that is left behind after boiling greens.  I thought it looked like "miyuk guk" (Korean seaweed soup), but it was super salty.  Not really a fan of it nor of the cornbread that comes with it.  I don't really like cornbread in general, but I thought I'd give it a shot and it did not "wow" me.They give you the menu along with a paper order form and pencils to write down your individual order, which I thought was unusual but interesting.  I ordered a 1/2 sweet tea-1/2 lemonade (Arnold Palmer) and three fried chicken legs with cream corn and whipped potatoes.While we waited for our food, an older woman came up behind one of my guy friends, put her arm around his shoulder, and said that she was looking for good-looking men that night.  My friend absolutely freaked while we all laughed nervously.  Another friend took pictures of the woman squeezing his shoulders.  It turned out that this woman's name is Jo Carter, and she made sure to squeeze each of our shoulders as she handed us her business card which indicates she is a "Goodwill Ambassador" at Mary Mac's.  Very interesting...  Friendly, but a little creepy at the same time.Our food didn't take very long to arrive, and I was super excited to eat!  Although I ordered the three fried chicken legs, they brought me (as well as my other friends who ordered the same) four legs!  I wondered if it was because it was our first time there.  It was nice!  The fried chicken was crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside without being overly greasy like usual fried chicken.  The chicken was good on it's own, but I usually like to dip it in sauce, so I asked for some BBQ sauce.  The BBQ sauce was served warm (interesting) and was excellent with the fried chicken!  Yummy!The cream corn was my favorite side!  Delicious!  I was a little disappointed in the whipped potatoes because I expected it to be more creamy instead of slightly hard as if it was sitting out for a while.  The gravy definitely helped.  I also had a taste of the mac 'n cheese, which was decent but not amazing.I LOVED the Arnold Palmer!!!  The sweet tea+lemonade combo was the perfect blend of sweet and tangy, which was exactly what I enjoy with southern fried chicken (thinking back to Lisa's Delight at Roscoe's in L.A.).  I was sure to get a refill and a to-go cup before I left.I thought that I would be able to finish my food (I eat a LOT), but I was only able to eat two legs and a little of each side, and I was stuffed.  I guess I had a little too much complimentary bread - but I wanted to try a bit of each!  =)  I had to take the rest to-go, but I love leftovers so this was not a problem.Overall, the service was good (everyone is very friendly) and the food was good, but I'm knocking off one star because it wasn't quite the most amazing food experience I've had.  But I will definitely be back - and I can't wait!  Thanks, Mary Mac (and Jo...  hahaha)!
<review# 884,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2012,6/12/2012,198,333,,10,5>Well, Sarah beat me to it, but I was there on the 2nd night, DJ Kerosene (@DJKerosene) was rocking out and the GM Mario, who also runs sister restaurant 255 Tapas next door, was mingling with patrons. Tried out the Cheese Bread, which is now up there on my "guilty pleasures" list and took home a BBQ Chicken pie, which had a hint of balsamic vinegar in the sauce and was really great. It's a very thin, crispy crust so if you're looking for the more traditional doughy-ness this isn't the pie for you, but not to worry there's plenty more on the menu.Mr. Jackson has certainly stepped the old SLICE space up a notch with the interlocked wood wall and a mural above the kitchen, which coincidentally enough was done by a missionary passing by one day during construction. He's now working in the kitchen and as you can see by the mural, he's quite talented with the brush, good for us he's also great on spinning pies.The service was great, much better than the space's predecesor there at the end and when the pie took a little longer than expected, which we didn't notice, they bumped us up to a large for no additional charge. Seeing as how Ale Sharpton (@AleSharpton) has helped choose the beers and the fact they have Allagash and Chimay on draft we didn't mind a bit. All they need are the oranges for my Allagash. Will be back soon!
<review# 885,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2012,6/11/2012,89,103,2,22,11>After running a few 5K's and declaring my general support for the Beltline project, I decided to finally take this tour to truly get a better understanding of what this was all about. Plus my future in-laws were in town and had exhausted all the typical touristy things and I hoped this would be a good way to spend a saturday morning.Thankfully I was right, not only is this free but it was really interesting. When I originally heard 3 hours I was a bit concerned but our tour guide Lucy did such an amazing job that the time flew by. This tour highlights so much about the city and I was really impressed at the authenticity of the tour. We were given a honest and holistic peek into many different facets of the project as well as the city itself. I was worried the tour would only take us through the beautiful parts of the project and spin the rest and incomplete. This tour takes you through all 45 of the neighborhoods and you get to learn interesting tidbits about each one. I like to think of myself as a pretty educated local and I definitely felt like I learned just as much as my non-native in-laws. From the Quarry to Grant Park, this tour was absolutely wonderful. It's very smart of The Beltline to recruit support for their project in this manner. I am an even bigger supporter of the project and can't wait to see what the next stage of this project turns out to be!
<review# 886,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2011,6/10/2012,172,868,5,8,5>Manuel's makes Atlanta's absolute best...salads.Yup, salads.  And as a result, it's been back into my heavy lunch rotation.  First of all, a Manuel's salad is huge; if you can finish a whole one in one sitting I would be impressed.  They come on giant platters loaded with dark, leafy greens and all manners of veggie toppings.  They don't skimp on the avocado, and the grilled chicken breast is juicy, hot, and fresh.  The best part is not one of these giant salads comes in at over $10.Furthermore, I can get these salads at lunch because they also make delicious man-food, including a hot dog that is at least a foot long that comes covered in chili, nacho cheese sauce, coleslaw, mustard, and who knows what else, accompanied by a mound of thick cut steak fries.  My meat and potatoes coworkers can get those and be happy as a clam, while I can get my craveable giant salad.  Now that's teamwork.Oh yes, and as a bar, Manuel's is pretty neat.  Tons of history, great beer list, lots of space and nooks and crannies to spread out in, and reasonably attentive service.  Add to that the tons of free parking in the lot next door, and Atlanta's most famous Democrat hangout will continue to get this conservative's business!
<review# 887,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2012,6/9/2012,467,559,13,11,5>There are very few places that get all five stars from me, Cami Cakes is one! Let me start by saying I HATE waiting in line, for anything. I see a line, I leave. With that being said when I opened the door at Cami Cakes I found myself 36th in line (Yes I counted!), but couldn't leave without trying them. The buzz, the smell, the cupcakes behind the glass all demanded that i stay. I found a folded menu card on the floor, and with the excitement of an 12 year old who just found a discarded Playboy magazine i began to ogle the offerings. With this new inspiration in my hands, the line seemed even longer, I could see the cupcakes right in front of me, so close yet there were still 8 customers in front of me. "Hurry" "Hurry" 7,6,"Hurry up!" 5, ""Pick already!" I have never been so happy to be "Next" before! Once at the counter, I picked the Elvis, Black and White, Mint Chocolate, Banana Cream, Salted Caramel cupcakes. These cupcakes were not only worth the wait, they were the best I have ever had!  Beautifully designed and presented, rich, moist, incredible frosting. WOW! Every one delivered! I loved these, and can't imagine ever eating a grocery store cupcake again. Cami Cakes has ruined me for all other cupcakes. The 12 year old in me wanted to hide the Mint Chocolate cupcake under my bed, just to look at it every once in a while. I am in serious lust!
<review# 888,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2011,6/8/2012,174,174,15,48,22>If I can give it a ten, I would. I'm addicted to this place!Relaxation at it finest! For just $25 you can get away from the hustle and bustle of life for a whole 24 hrs. (Kids under 12 can stay for just $15). When I first arrived I paid at the front desk and was given my locker key, and a toothbrush. Then I was lead to the left where the entrance is for the ladies locker room. When I walked in I put my shoes in it's own separate locker (because you're not allowed to walk in any further with shoes on). I was pleasantly greeted by two Asian women who guided me to my locker and waited for me to put my things away. Hold up, let me rewind...when I walked into the ladies locker room I was hit by all the nude bodies walking around so freely. I was in a state of shock for a moment, even though I'm not the squeamish type when it comes to nudity. I just wasn't expecting to see it right smack in my face, LOL. In the bath house, that sits directly off the locker room, you can enjoy the showers (stand up or sit down showers), bathe in one or all of the three pools (hot, warm, or cold), a wet or dry sauna or the many different massage or body scrub options available. I decided to put on my uniform provided by them (shorts and a short sleeve shirt) and go check out the commons area. This is an area where both sexes are allowed to be together. Some people where quietly reading a book, others eating (in the food area where there are no chairs, simply cushions to sit on at tables that are low to the ground), others relaxing in front of the t.v or enjoying a lap in the pool or relaxing in any one of their specialty sauna's. You could take your pick as there is so much to do. I walked around and read brief descriptions of the many benefits each of the saunas offer. There is the Gold & Silver Sauna which is lined and covered with gold and silver because it is said to have, among many other things, a positive effect on nerve stability, poison counteraction, and neurosis. The Charcoal Room eliminates toxins and wastes increasing perspiration and your resistance to diseases. The Rock Ice Room lowers your body's temperature contracting your skins pores and leaving your skin healthy and resilient. The Jade Room increases metabolism, improves circulation, and relieves arthritis pain. The Red Baked Clay Sauna helps to flush out impurities and release dead skin cells for clean and refreshed skin. All of these rooms and more (The Jewel Room and Rock Salt Room), are open for you to walk in and out as you please. It's up to you however long you want to take as everyone is moving at their own pace. There is literally no need to rushThe food is fair in price and they do give you a lot in each serving. If you're a vegetarian like me they'll gladly tweek some dishes upon your request. Back in the locker room I decided that when in Rome you do as the Romans do, so I took a deep breath and off went my clothes. As large as the bathing area is you don't feel entirely exposed because there is so much going on. No one has the time to stop and stare or feel like you're being stared at. Everything is open except the dry and wet sauna rooms. Showers to your left, bath pools in front, and the massage area to your right. The Sit down shower area has multiple shower heads with multiple mirrors with multiple seating, and there is bath soap, shampoo and conditioner provided for you. I hope your imagination can make sense of it all. The next best thing to your imagination is for you to go and experience it for yourself. There are so many different place to sleep and I'm sure you can find a spot that you're comfortable with. In the commons area you can sleep either outside or in one of the healing sauna rooms. Also, there is a place for women only. And in the locker area there's a place called the quite room (it's one of the best places but everyone knows that so it fills up fast. Or you can sleep in the bath house under the infrared light so you're getting healing from that while you sleep as well.Ladies, Ladies, Ladies, you have to try the Hip Bath. It's especially designed for all kinds of healing aspects for us. It's $35 and takes about an hour to do. When you're inside of the locker room go over to the small room located on your left right in front of the sleep room and read all the benefits this bath has to offer. Trust me when I say it's one of their cultures best kept secrets for women's health. I highly recommend a visit. When I first discovered this place I went once every week. I noticed a difference in my health because of the detoxing my body was getting. I noticed a difference in my attitude as my week went on. I was much more peaceful and relaxed and just felt positive all around. You won't be disappointed.
<review# 889,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2011,6/7/2012,102,68,39,18,22>On a recent Monday night, there were approximately six other people at the Clermont. With the only ATM malfunctioning, the ladies were lucky to get a sad-looking one dollar bill or a handful of coins after a dance. But they soldiered on: a woman vaguely resembling Bettie Page with a knee-length cat tail appearing to light her nipples on fire. A full-figured dame past her prime lazily slapping her butt cheeks. Blondie's niece wistfully explaining that living in her aunt's celebrity shadow can wear on her confidence sometimes.The toilet in the ladies' room is built on a pedestal and only partially shielded through cracked, vented doors. But I don't mind watching a tired stripper pee between sets. I don't mind being cautioned by a dancer not to get Hepatitis on my shoes, or waiting patiently while she rearranges metal chairs between songs, or not being allowed to use the jukebox. Because here, I can sit, drink out of a can, and feel proud to be an Atlantan.
<review# 890,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2012,6/6/2012,30,507,42,13,13>I am almost afraid to review this place considering I am about to spill all my movie theater secrets. I carry a purse large enough for Anne Frank to hide in with as much candy and junk food as humanly possible. $5 for a candy bar? Hell to the no! Come sit next to me I'll sell you a Snickers for $2.00! Thirsty? I have 4 different Coke products and, on special occasions, a flask to help you get through that children's movie you were dragged to. A large North Face coat in the Summer? Merely my disguise for my variety of popcorn flavors; butter, caramel, white cheddar and plain. On a diet? During the Summer months I carry bananas, apples and even oranges. This theater is a decent place if you can find it. There is no signage at the road and unless you want to literally walk from 2 counties away; the parking lot is a bit of a disaster. Purchasing a ticket is a bit of an adventure and dodging the tweens texting and brushing their hair makes for an interesting lobby experience. Regardless, the seats are comfy and deep, the theater is always a little chilly and there are dollar days certain days of the week.If you're looking for any snacks I suggest you avoid the counter and find the awkward blonde in the back hiding behind a large purse and winter coat.
<review# 891,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2012,6/5/2012,209,595,7,12,9>I'm not sure what extra info I can provide about this place that other people haven't, but I will say that if you have never been or heard of this place until now then run go check it out. The bread the sandwiches come on is out of control good.  Crispy outside with a soft warm center.  I'm a big fan of the grilled portabello mushroom, roasted red pepper, and mozzarella (fresh balls) sandwich.  I haven't found any sides that I love, which sucks since I'm a total side whore.  Side salad blows - skip it.  Lots of super special dried pastas abound.  I like the mini lasagna one for lasagna soup.E 48th street cannoli are worth the calories.  Those creamy filled shells with a hint of cinnamon are so good. Maybe not Antico good, but close.
<review# 892,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2012,6/4/2012,75,299,15,13,6>The name of this place brings out the immature kid in me because it sounds like the Korean word for poop. Also, my hair dresser's name was BJ.But their service and skills were far from poopy, and BJ was a serious man. I'm very sloppy with my hair care, and BJ didn't give me any obviously judgmental looks or lecture. He didn't try to upsell the services. He also sensed that I'm not the small talk type of person and talked sparingly, mostly to answer my questions about how to make my round Asian face look smaller. I like.The hair cut turned out AWESOME. And it was only $25. I needed to get my roots retouched and my whole hair coated, so that was another $60. Not bad at all! Seriously, I was flipping my hair at work all day the next day and got so many compliments.And yes, they speak English very well, so do not fear.
<review# 893,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2011,6/3/2012,100,196,4,9,9>It's been a while since I've had the chance to swing into the Bodega for a tasty treat.  We stopped in for lunch and stared for several minutes trying to figure out what to have.  The menu has doubled in size it seems!  It's great to see that this little store can knock out so many different items from a few small griddles.They had their Saturday brunch going on as well, but we opted to stick with lunch and grabbed a few sandwiches.  I couldn't stray from my love and got the Urban Reuben.  I hate not branching out at restaurants because I feel like I could be missing out on something amazing, but I just couldn't resist the cherry peppers, pork and kraut combination I've befriended.My Girlfriend grabbed the Lamb Gyro and was pleased.  We both liked the flavor but we were a bit confused.  The menu said it was a house made tzatziki sauce but we struggled to see or taste.  Hints of flavor let me know the sauce was there, but I'm used to a white creamy tzatziki.  Maybe it was a vinaigrette instead.Anyhooo....  the Gyro was good but too much for the pita that it was served on.  We had to eat the first half like a salad just to balance out the pita to filling ratio.  Flavor was totally there though and it made for a great sandwich.Urban Cannibals is more than just a little Bodega.   They're all about supporting local vendors and farmers.  We signed up for the local CSA and are excited about picking up our first basket of fresh and local fruits and veggies.Oh and of course I need to mention they serve King of Pops.  Even on a chilly day in November a popsicle felt appropriate!
<review# 894,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2012,6/2/2012,207,302,2,10,5>I have a new love!  Say hello to CineBistro!I went on a Monday night so I'm not sure how the weekend crowd is but I plan to return and let you guys know.   The place is gorgeous, especially when compared to other dining theater which have mostly old theaters that have been converted.  The place is actually designed for dinner, service, and has a full bar.  It looks like a hotel lobby actually.  We ordered drinks at the bar while we waited for our movie to start.  You have to arrive 30 minutes before movie start time to place food orders.  I ordered a Patron margarita (my fave) and I was recommended, "The Hangover".  It was strong and yummy!Once we arrived inside the theater which had plush seating and armchair tables, we were greeted promptly by servers who were very friendly.  We ordered the hummus plate, beet/arugla salad and bistro burger w/ sweet potato fries.  The food was delectable, especially my burger (so what I'm off dieting).  This will be my new favorite places!
<review# 895,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2012,6/1/2012,16,56,1,12,6>So maybe I am a bit biased here since I am friend of the owner's, but nonetheless, I think you should give this place a shot. The restaurant is located on Roswell Rd. just north of the intersection with 285, so it's pretty convenient to get to. We started with the aushak and sambosay appetizers and they are little pockets of joy. I tried the chicken tikka entree and it's basically half a chicken with peppers and onions covered in very similar spices that you would find in Indian or Persian restaurants. The entree portion was also pretty substantial. I recommend pumpkin puree and spinach as awesome side choices. They are working on obtaining their liquor license and have outdoor seating. They have vegetarian options too. The dining room may seem a bit fancy, but you can dress casually. Support your local restaurants and give this place a try!
<review# 896,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/21/2011,5/31/2012,5,56,9,14,9>If you wanted to know what living in Atlanta was like in 1980, come to Evans. It is behind the doors that you will discover where the real Atlantans come to dine. None of that "I moved here because of my job, now, where's the (fill in other regional reference here)."Evans is the real thing. As my reviews will reveal, I'm not scared of dining  'off the beaten path'. Those looking for the hipster brunch scene won't find it here. At all. So, if you're one more misguided Yelper looking to slam Evans, it's probably because you misunderstood that it's not Radial Cafe. If you can wrap your mind around that, you may just have a decent time at Evans.  What I've noticed when I come here is that Evans has it's devoted following. And, what it has served has done just fine, so there's no messing with success. The food is typical Southern diner with the sides of lima beans or beans & gravy or cabbage. You get a choice of bread or biscuit. No frills, just diner food. Their faded decorations and sun-bleached picture frames demonstrate that they've been serving the community forever. Evans is perfect for taking your grandparents out for lunch (you'll definitely 'wow' them) or if you're looking for the "real thing" Southern diner experience. I'm really disappointed in the way a lot of Yelpers jump to try to discredit just about anything they just don't understand. Evans can be one of those places.  Leave the ageism (ohhh- I through out an 'ism'!) at the door and if you like diner food, give it a try. After all, old people like dining out, too.But, just because the bar stools aren't chrome and nobody's playing Hot Hipster Band #435 doesn't mean that the restaurant sucks. Keep all of your expectations outside and just enjoy what Evans offers.
<review# 897,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2012,5/30/2012,71,57,6,9,5>Before I get into the review of Tuk Tuk, I'd like to take a moment to recognize 2 of my biggest fans: Katy B. and Rebecca R.  Without them, this review wouldn't be possible.  Moving on...The fam and I met for an early dinner and had a thai-riffic experience at Tuk Tuk.  Kelly, our server, was excellent and did an awesome job recommending small plates and main dishes.  The following are ranked in order by course from best to not the best:Small PlatesThe Small Plates section is broken into 3 different price levels of $9, $8, and $7.  I guess the $9 plates are supposed to be better, but I thought they were all in the same ballpark taste wise.Mieng Kum (Spinach wraps) - These were delicious and tasted like nothing I've had before!  They were similar to lettuce wraps, but with spinach instead of lettuce.  I couldn't tell you what the filling was, but it was good and crunchy so I'm assuming there were peanuts in there.  That being said, it didn't taste peanutty.  They had a little sweetness to them.  Big ups to Kelly for recommending these.  We ended up getting another with our main course.Pla Muk Tod (Calamari) - On the plus side, the calamari was not chewy.  On the downside, there was none of the tentacle kind.  They were all rings.  This makes me sad because I like tentacles.  The calamari is served with a chili lime sauce which was very different than what I'm used to.  It almost tasted like salsa.  I ended up dipping my calamari in the sauce from the Kanom Jeeb (see below).Thai Samosa - These were basically little fried veggie spring rolls in the shape of paper footballs.  I wanted to play, but I was with my mom and she was the one who taught me not to play with my food.  Kanom Jeeb (Steamed chicken and skrimp dumplings) - Ehh. Just ok.  I wouldn't order it again.  It was very similar to the shumai you get at [insert your favorite Dim Sum restaurant here], but not as good.Main Course:We went family style with the main course, though I don't think the dishes are made to be served family style.  Regardless, I recommend you do the same.Pad Thai Woon Sen - This is the same as pad thai, but with a thinner noodle (I bet you just said "that's what she said" to yourself).  You've all had pad thai before so I'm not gonna describe the dish, but it was some of the better pad thai I've had in the A.Ba-Mee Moo Dang - This was "dang" good and was listed in the AJC's top 10 international dishes of 2011 (blogs.ajc.com/food-and-m).  The dish consists of egg noodles, BBQ pork (the red Asian kind, not the dirty south kind), peanuts, and greenery.  The pork was very lean unlike the BBQ pork you get in the food court of Super H-Mart.Green Curry with Chicken - A very simple dish consisting of green curry sauce, chicken, and white rice.  You can choose chicken, beef, pork, or shrimp with any of their 3 curry dishes.  Green curry was supposed to the spiciest of them all, but I didn't find it to be that spicy.Kao Pad Goong Chiang - You probably call this dish fried rice.  It tasted like your typical upscale Americanized-Chinese fried rice, but with small bits of sausage as the protein.The restaurant itself is very open with really high ceilings.  Trendy comes to mind.  Music was hip.  I didn't know any of the songs, but they felt right for the restaurant.  They project pictures of their dishes and random pictures of Thailand on their back wall.  If you look at walls a lot like I do, then you'll notice that pictures start to repeat themselves.  At the time of this review, they have free small plates on Thursdays from 5:30-6:30 with $5 drink specials and one of the ATL's hottest DJs (so they claim).  I'd like to buy a shiny shirt and attend one of these days.
<review# 898,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2012,5/29/2012,163,191,6,12,8>This place makes me wish I lived closer to it.  Other and I were looking to extend our evening after our date at Gekko. We saw the sign coming in so we figured we would stop by and have A drink. *I wish I could place more emphasis on the singularity of our intent.*  It took some searching to find the door but once we did it was great. This place is NOT what you would expect, yet, somehow it is.  It's someone's loft that they made into a bar/lounge. It's dark and sexy, you can lounge upstairs in the plush chairs or join the folks at the bar. Either way, like Talib mentioned... you lose track of time!!  The upstairs is all seating, mellow music, and NO TVs(at least they weren't on if they did have them.)  Its small enough to have time to yourself, chat up the heavy handed bartender(shout out to Jeremy!!) or the fellow patrons joining you.   I thought this would be a great idea for launch parties and any private event you have in mind. It was a great time!  One of the liquor vendors was there so of course we "sampled" some of his tasty beverages in oh so many different combinations.  Seeing as we just came from dinner we did not eat, perhaps I should have.  All in all it was a great night!!  Looking forward to our next visit.
<review# 899,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2012,5/28/2012,245,301,4,9,9>As a native mountain-man I tend to scoff at BBQ joints in Atlanta. It's not that they are terrible, I just feel like something is not quite right. I feel strange looking at traffic roll by eating BBQ. Maybe it's just me. Either way, Fox Bros has become my go-to BBQ spot over the last few years of living in the big city.The meat is the main attraction. I can honestly say that I have not been disappointed across the board here. The brisket has a nice char, while remaining tender. The pulled pork and chicken both have just the right amount of smoke without becoming dry.The thing that sets this place apart IMO, however, is the variety of things that they create with traditional BBQ ingredients. The Texas fries are awesome. They are like BBQ nachos: just a huge pile of fries covered in pulled pork, sauce, jalapenos and cheese. An awesome sandwich is the Fox Bros burger, which is built just like a burger but with brisket instead of ground beef.The sides also really shine here. Frito pies take me back. Also the brunswick stew is out of sight with a decent amount of meat. I would also like the record to state that I am a huge fan of tots and that's a welcome member of this menu in my book.BONUS: $6 pitchers of Yuengling all day.
<review# 900,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2011,5/27/2012,789,691,,13,6>I was so happy when I read the AJC article that Cafe 101 had re-opened. Cafe 101 was one of my favorite places, and I loved introducing it to so many of my friends. I had to be happy b/c I went there yesterday AND today :) The restaurant inside looks exactly the same. The menu & prices look the same too. The menu cover says the food is Szechuan - and while the food is mostly Szechuan, the server said they still have a few Taiwanese dishes too. The server confirmed management changed too.I ordered three dishes for take-out yesterday. I knew going in that the food wouldn't be exactly the same b/c we'd miss the "fresh off the wok" sizzling hot flavors - and I was right. Eating the food one hour later, the food was just pretty good, not outstanding. The "Sauteed Snow Pea Leaves" ($12.95) was the best tasting out of the three. It still tasted great one hour later :) Another favorite of mine, the "Basil Chicken" ($8.95) was good too but eating it out of a plastic container was definitely not as great as eating it from a clay pot. The "Eggplant in Garlic Sauce" ($8.95) was a little on the bland side which was disappointing b/c this is usu. one of their best dishes too. Still, keep in mind we didn't experience the food as it should be experienced so I'd definitely order these dishes again to give a more fair evaluation.However today I think I had a truer taste of Cafe 101. They have "Business Lunch Special Combinations" available Mon-Sun 11-3pm. YEP, LUNCH SPECIALS ARE AVAILABLE SAT-SUN TOO! Prices are $6.50-8.50, and include rice, soup, and fried spring roll.Today I got my other all-time favorite here "Fish Fillet in Hot Bean Sauce" lunch special ($7.50). The fish & sauce were YUMMY and just like I remembered from the last time. Generous portion too - I had enough leftovers for another meal. The hot & sour soup, and fried spring roll were also very good! My meal also started w/ complimentary peanuts (which was ok) and pickled vegetables (refreshing). And to finish off my meal, I got also complimentary sweet red bean soup for dessert - also yummy. Service was very friendly and attentive. Then again, there were few customers - the word probably hasn't hit the Asian community yet that Cafe 101 is back. Overall 3.5 stars rounded to 4 b/c of today's experience, and the awesome lunch specials available on the weekends too. FYI - they're closed Tuesdays.
<review# 901,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2012,5/26/2012,349,547,8,5,8>Church has been on my list for a long, long time. Since it opened. I have a hard time dragging my crew all the way down to Edgewood. (I mean, it's a good five or six miles from Emory's campus. Practically OTP. /sarcasm) I finally saw my opening. For some reason everyone was asking me where we were going for the night. (Probably because our usual social chair, Jen C., was on a date.) And the answer was Church. One friend texted back: I'm Jewish. ALCOHOL KNOWS NO RELIGION.We got here around ten, before it got super crowded, and did a lap. My recovering Catholic boyfriend was a little sketched by all of the Jesus imagery, but once I explained the bar's backstory, he conceded that it was cool. We may have taken home a postcard with a painting of Jesus saying "I want to be inside of you." Sexy.Drinks are pretty cheap, and they offer a nice selection. I would have liked to try the famed sangria, but I couldn't say no to four dollar pints of Hopsecutioner. At 7.2 percent ABV, I was tipsy one beer in. I like the dichotomy of hang out spaces. The downstairs seems like a relatively traditional bar, save for the pervasive Jesus artwork. Upstairs is well-lit and cozy. Folks hang out in the priest robes hanging on the wall. I wish there were a few more ping-pong tables, but otherwise Church is basically a perfect place to kick it. (Except, like, does anyone else get really uneasy going up and down stairs when they're drinking? I wasn't even super drunk, but I definitely almost took a fall. I'm scared of stairs though. I'm sure someone has ate it here before, though. And I'm terrified that person will one day be me.)Basically, I lovelovelove Church. This should probably be a five-star review. Pray Jesus I can drag my lovely friends here regularly. Amen.
<review# 902,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2012,5/25/2012,213,662,10,6,8>My betrothed and I were way up yonder in North Druid Hills looking at a house, and we got hungry. My handy Android Yelp app notified us of Kitsch'n 155's close proximity. You can't miss the structure, even in the dark, as it was converted from a 1969 Arby's. The retro architecture and bright turquoise and red hues make me think of the Jetsons. Plus, the restroom is located outside around the back in a vintage filling station kind of way.I ordered a bowl of chili and enjoyed the generous meat portion as well as the fresh jalapeño slices on top. The crackers tasted different - thicker and less salty than Zestas. My betrothed hit the constipation jackpot with his pimiento cheese sandwich: thick layers of mixed shredded cheeses on multigrain bread, plus lettuce and tomato, natch. I usually associate pimiento cheese with a smooth mixture and appreciated this heterogeneous twist.Unable to resist, we waited 8 minutes for a fresh batch of hot chocolate chip cookies. The chips oozed. They oozed.
<review# 903,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2011,5/24/2012,1772,1772,6,18,11>I went to Miso Izakaya last night with a dozen other Yelpers for the "Miso Izakaya is not in Cobb County UYE" (yelp.com/events/atlanta-).  I ended up liking this place and think it's great they've brought Japanese izakaya-style dining to this side of town (O4W).  Typically, you can only find some of these dishes in Doraville and further north.  While the menu is not as wholly authentic or has the breadth of a place like Shoya or Hayakawa, there are still many very good and unique items at Miso.An izakaya is a Japanese pub where small plates, like tapas, are served.  At Miso, the food menu is separated into: buns, starters, salads, sides, meat, seafood, tofu & vegetables, and noodles & rice.  There's a separate sushi menu too.  I ordered a bunch of items off the regular menu and tried the following:Kakuni Bun - slow braised pork belly, pickled carrot and daikon, cilantro, chili pepper, and natural jusShoyu Tomago - soy marinated soft boiled egg over crispy rice.Wakame Salad - shredded green seaweed with sesame sauceTonkatsu - crispy Riverview pork tenderloin cutlet, "bulldog" Japanese Worcestershire sauce, and Chinese cabbage saladHamachi Kama - deep-fried yellowtail cheek with ponzu sauceKatsu Curry Japaghetti - Riverview pork tenderloin cutlet over Japanese curry, fukujinzuke pickles, and chuka sobaKiwi Chuhai - kiwi, Japanese shochu, and sodaThe buns are very popular at Miso Izakaya.  They are like small sliders or sandwiches.  The breading is soft and made out of rice flour.  It's similar to the white dough used in Chinese dim sum buns.  The Kakuni Bun has the pork belly filling.  Miso also has a Katsu Bun (pork cutlet) and Crispy Duck Bun.  The Kakuni Bun was delicious.  It was very flavorful and a little bit spicy thanks to the chili pepper inside.The Shoyu Tomago was a big hit at our table.  I was the only one who ordered it initially, but after Leeanna L. and Jang C. saw it, they had to order one for themselves too.  The soft outside of the egg (no shell) was cracked so the yolk could flow onto and into the crispy rice on the bottom.  This was a simple dish, but very good.Not much to the Wakame Salad.  It was fresh and that's always important for seaweed salad.The Tonkatsu pork cutlet was small, but quite tasty.  It's probably the smallest tonkatsu I've tried.  I wish the size of the cutlet was bigger.  The breading was nice and crispy and the dark brown "bulldog" sauce drizzled on top made the meat even more savory.Like the Tonkatsu, the Hamachi Kama (yellowtail cheek) here is tiny.  Our table ordered at least three of these.  Miso prepares its Hamachi Kama differently than other restaurants in town, such as Taka and Starfish.  The Hamachi Kama is deep-fried and has a small layer of breading on the outside.  All of our Hamachi Kama came out piping hot from the kitchen.  The meat on the inside was fresh and soft.  Overall, a good dish if you like fish, but it is boney (which is the nature of this dish).The Katsu Curry Japaghetti was very enjoyable.  The curry had a good combination of sweet and salty.  The curry was also a little bit creamy and it didn't hurt to get some more of that delicious tonkatsu pork cutlet mixed in too.  The fukujinzuke pickles were crunchy and the chuka soba noodles were fantastically chewy.I also tried a glass of Miso's Kiwi Chuhai, which is made out of fresh kiwi, shochu, and soda.  It was mildly-flavored and fruity.  Not bad.  Mix it well as you drink so you get all the kiwi.All of the food was made fresh.  Since we were a large group and because there were several other customers, it took a while for everyone to get their plates.  Each plate came out as soon as it was ready.Prices for most of the plates start around $3-4 (Buns, Shoyu Tomago) to $8-12 (Tonkatsu, Japaghetti).  When all is said and done, you need to order a lot of plates here to get full, so one person can easily spend $20+ on food alone.Service from all of the staff (Hong, William, etc.) was excellent.  We had 13 people, which is a large group for an establishment like this.  They combined tables for us and William was nice enough to separate checks at the beginning (we had a combination of couples and singles).The design and decor of Miso is modern and stylish.  You can't miss the giant vertically printed "MISO" from the street.  Inside, booths are separated by giant scroll curtains, gigantic branches of what looks like driftwood hang from above, and the bars are elegantly lit by small hanging, spherical lamps.  The restaurant is clean and dimly lit (at night).There is plenty of free street parking available in front.
<review# 904,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/1/2012,5/23/2012,129,504,5,9,6>Could have been 5.We went for brunch and the food was great.The rest was fine - I really appreciated calling at 1:30 with a party of 6 and being promised a table.The big drawback was the noise level.  I guess combine bottomless drinks, rambunctious guests and ZERO soundproofing and you are ready to dig out your eardrums with an icepick by the end of brunch.  A lady at a table next to us even started going "Shhhh" like she was a teacher in school.I, of course, joined in and we got the place to shut up long enough for me to collect my wits. Damn.We Scoutmobbed it.
<review# 905,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2011,5/22/2012,458,1067,8,8,10>After trying a few different varieties, I've finally settled on my two favorites here. I'm generally here once a month getting a double order of the Fresh Strawberry N Cream and the Orange Dream Star. Most times I've eaten at least one of the four before I even get home (and I live less than a mile away across The Connector).Honestly, they don't even need to use "fresh" in the name because as soon as you put any of their doughnuts into your mouth you can tell they were made that day. I love biting into the crunchy (and usually still chilled) strawberries and chasing them around the gooey cream. The orange is delicious and rightfully part of Creative Loafing's bucket list for Atlanta.
<review# 906,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2012,5/21/2012,1424,609,43,33,36>"As soon as I saw you standing out front taking pictures, I knew you were a Reviewer!"Yep, that's what the Head Chef told me, but it seemed like 'Reviewer' wasn't quite the word he wanted to use (lol). I thought for sure we were about to have some problems, especially when I asked him why there were no french fries on the menu. I couldn't tell if he was for or against reviewers by his demeanor and I kinda got that sort of Soup Nazi vibe from him. I was worried that if I said the wrong thing I might get kicked out! "NO SOUP FOR YOU, ONE YEAR". After a few minute of talking with him, I could see he wasn't really trying to be gruff, he just has a serious passion for food and natural ingredients.*************** NOTE to all the folks Inside The Perimeter: We finally have a burger joint in the burbs that will kick Vortex's butt!!! BAAAM... take that! Although  Bocado's Stack burger and Ann's Ghetto burger remain my favorites. ****************My burger, the Sink, was about the size of my face and comes with a runny fried egg, bacon, cheese, a thin slice of chicken breast meat, seedless jalapenos and whatever else the kitchen feels like using as a topping. Gloriously juicy, it ran down my arm with just one bite. I loved this burger, but I could have done without the sprouts. yelp.com/biz_photos/2PU3French fries are a must for me when eating a burger, so I substituted the mashed potatoes for the chips and they were delish. Great homemade taste and good googally-moogally the bacon mac and cheese was good too and very creamy. But I truly wish the chef would consider adding fries (steak cut please). What can I say, I'm a traditionalist at heart and to me chips are for cold sandwiches and picnics.FINAL SUMMARY: Get ready for a surprisingly good meal, watch what you say to Chef, and stop pulling out your camera and playing with it in public... this is a restaurant for goodness sake :-)
<review# 907,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/21/2011,5/20/2012,144,95,8,6,9>Ba da ba pa ba I'm lovin' it.Hey, ATL, not to be a snob, but: this is what Boston restaurants are like.  I could name names but instead I'll say Toro and Coppa.  246 is  exactly like them.  I am so not complaining.   When I squealed over the fried peppers and charcuterie the waitress asked, "Where do you work?"    I'm just a ho for small plates, mija.   and padron peppers.  those glorious green testaments to the joy of tastebuds.  I know they have proper entrees and whatnot, but you really should stick to their tapas vision.  you won't go hungry.It's clear that they're earnestly new.  and over-staffed.  It's cool, they'll work their kinks out with the quickness I'm sure, but expect to have your water glasses filled like they've never been filled before.  and cleared. and asked if you want something else.  and have your bread set up cleared. and given back again.  Everyone always tries too hard their first few weeks/months.  I'm not worried.246, I'm so on your team.  You did it!  You made your menu interesting and "farm-to-table" without being annoying.  You've educated your staff about bringing little amuse bouche just for fun and encouraging patrons to try the menu without being pushy.   Thanks for helping me feel not so restaurant homesick for the northeast.  I can't tell you how much I appreciate it.
<review# 908,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2012,5/19/2012,245,510,2,10,7>If you are a fan of porridge/jook/juk (whichever YOU'D like to call it), this is the place to go since this is all they do!   This is a franchise and I believe has 4 locations in the U.S.    They have all types including things like Pumpkin and Abalone, but I went with a less adventurous chicken and  ginseng.  It is made to order and expensive for what it is.  Mine was $11.  Considering you can get congee at a place like Mings for $5, people may shy away from the price but I am o.k. with it.However, it is fresh, healthy and very good.  May be a bit bland for some, but I guess that is the point, especially if you are sick.  Like me at the moment.  This is different than congee in that it has more texture/rice grains, not that mushy consistency.  It had ample chicken and came with sides of kimchee, a daikon cold soup, some minced garlic/chili paste and beef jangjorim which mixed in added some nice flavor.  Next time I go, and I would recommend....to ask for some extra sides of the jangjorim to mix in, as well as the garlic/chili.  I'm surprised this place hasn't been reviewed yet, good stuff.
<review# 909,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2011,5/18/2012,392,475,7,11,8>Yeah, OK, it's Sunday evening, it's storming again, and we want Sizzling Rice Soup, but no Chinese restaurant within 8 miles of the house currently offers any that pushes the 'YES!' button. Coincidently, we were riding down PIB in Suwanee yesterday with a local couple when I spotted Sun Shine and asked them if they had ever eaten there. "That hole-in-the-wall? Nah." Even though I'd glanced at it many times before, this remark intrigued the adventurer in me, mainly because that hole-in-the-wall had been there for 10 years. So, we pulled in at 7:45pm to a clean, well lit generic appearing mom-and-pop Chinese strip mall restaurant. A look at the menu, and I was ready to order. Mrs. Grampy ordered her usual Mongolian Beef. I HAD to try the Three Cups Taiwanese Chicken. And, oh yes, we ordered Sizzling Rice Soup. Wife's Mongolian Beef was unusual in that it was lightly sauced and nuanced with a hint of Seven Spices. My TCTC arrived merrily bubbling in a ceramic crock, a mixture of hot pepper flakes, black mushrooms, rice wine, sesame oil, red and green peppers, thinly sliced tender chicken, garlic, pungent slices of ginger, simmered in three cups of rich chicken broth. The heat, slight sweetness, and richness, when served with steamed rice, was delightfully unique yet comfortingly familiar, enough to make me get tackily poetic as I write this. Not the typical suburban Chinese American dish.  Plenty to bring home, too. PS: The Sizzling Rice Soup was good, too.
<review# 910,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2012,5/16/2012,103,217,7,9,9>You know how in old movies going out to dinner was a big deal? Everyone got dressed up real fancy-like, told the babysitter not to wait up, and spent the ENTIRE evening sitting at a table with friends or lovers - talking, laughing, having multiple courses and just really taking in the whole experience? I think that was a real thing, like a hundred years ago - not just made up for movies. Nowadays though most restaurants are only thinking about their bottom dollar, wanting to flip tables as quickly as possible, and not considering their customers or the atmosphere at all. Not at Sushi House Hayakawa, though. Let me list the reasons why Hayakawa is different:1. Hayakawa believes in the experience of dining. It's not just about sustenance; it's about an appreciation for edible art. This is not a meal you rush through - this is a time to sit with your dining partner and enjoy their company as much as you enjoy the food. I once spent 5 hours sitting in the dining room, talking and laughing with friends - ordering plate after plate of fish and accoutrements. It's easy to get lost in time when your heart and stomach are happy. 2. I love sushi - all kinds, but only when it's good. It's easy to buy cheap fish at the store, freeze it until you need it, and hack it up when someone orders it. But Hayakawa would never disrespect you like that. They have only the freshest fish, and it's sliced and prepared with a skilled and delicate hand: the hand of a master. Have you ever tried beating your own high score?  Needless to say - everything on the menu is prepared with the highest standard possible - perfection. 3. A small dining room means limited seating. Limited seating means more personalized attention, the wait staff to you and the chef to your food. The only potential "down side" to this situation might be in pricing (some might find it expensive), HOWEVER - you get what you pay for! The food they serve is worth every single penny they charge. But if you want hacked up, twice defrosted, lunchtime leftover, sushi for a dollar a piece - go to some Sushi Den of Misanthropy; they don't serve cat food here. While I could go on and on for days writing my love letter for Sushi House Kayakawa, I'm going to stop myself off here. If you are hesitant about stopping by this little hole in the wall restaurant, situated in a strip mall on Buford Highway, let me assure you that there is no better culinary decision that you could make. And on that note, I'd recommend calling ahead to get reservations.  Happy Sushi!
<review# 911,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2012,5/15/2012,489,857,5,15,12>So I came back to Fuoco Di Napoli for my UYE. I gave them a couple of weeks to become consistant and get used to the pizza making business. I must say, this place seemed to have improved a lot since I last went.Their crust was still amazing. It's slightly thicker than their competitors. It has good chew and spring to it. It tasted great. The char was also perfect. We ordered a couple different pies. Their Fuoco Di Napoli pie seemed like a favorite among the group. Watch out, it's pretty spicy if you get a piece with a chili pepper on it. I liked the heat in this pie. Their Pizza de Re was great too. This one had an issue with the sogginess. But that's to be expected with the crust and this amount of toppings. I loved the artichokes. It was another solid pizza. Their Margherita with sausage was insane. This was my favorite pie ever. I like pure Margherita pizzas, and I never thought about putting sausage on it. The sausage made this pizza go from near perfect to perfect. Their sopresa looked like Pizza de Re with all the ham and olives.  In fact, I couldn't tell them apart. The only difference seemed like he replaced the artichokes with zucchinis. Oh well, it still tasted good though. We ordered about six pies so Enrico just made us another sopresa pie on the house. That's pretty cool of him. It had arugula, caramelized onions, mozzarella, and olives. It was awesome. He should add this to the menu. Not only that, they gave us cannolis on the house too. They were delicious. It was extra delicious because it was free.My only complaint was that these pies are expensive. I think that's okay because you are paying for quality. I can't compare this to Antico's prices because I haven't been to Antico in a long time so I can't remember. Besides, since we got some free pies and cannolis, the price didn't seem too bad at the end.Like I mentioned in my previous review, I love how they have a lot of space here. You can take groups of 10 or more. In fact, you can make a reservation if you're bringing 12 or more people.Oh yeah, this place is BYOB. So don't forget to bring your booze if you want to drink. They have a great, friendly staff; the pizzas are awesome; and there's a lot of space to sit. What more can you ask for? 4.75 stars.
<review# 912,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/25/2012,5/13/2012,220,93,23,11,5>The therapist brought cups of tea and covered us with blankets.  She and I were nose to nose when she paused and smiled then whispered, "good night" as she tucked me in.  She did the same to the beau and he thought she was leaning in to kiss him.  No dude, this is not that kind of massage.But then this happened:Melting into my arm chair, eyes closed feet soaking in warm water.  I hear the door swing open roughly and footsteps walking toward the front desk, then:"Massage. One hour,"  says the man gruffly.The attendant confirms, and the man continues, "A WOMAN."The attendant chuckles, and says, "yes of course, right this way."The man says, "No, lemme see her first."  The attendant laughs nervously, then calls an associate out to be looked over.I'm sure this guy just needed to check her out to make sure her hands were strong enough, right?  At this point I'm totally tempted to peek around the room separator to see this a-hole and to check out the lady's hands.I resist the urge and settle back into the armchair.  But then I'm jolted out of my reverie when the door slams open again and another boisterous gentleman enters.  Because H-Massage's front room is small and open, you can hear everything that goes on outside of your little nook.The foot massage itself was lovely.  Moderate pressure and lots of attention paid to pockets of tense muscles.  My therapist and the woman working next to her fell into a rhythm that sounded kind of like this: youtu.be/aIje2QRIffQWill I be back?  Totes--but next time I'm bringing my iPod preloaded with an Enya playlist.
<review# 913,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2011,5/12/2012,244,602,14,4,5>Well stop me if you've heard this one before, but if you ask me, I could've sworn I'd already written a review of Smith's Olde Bar. Is it really so strange? One more review: What difference does it make? Panic not, yelpers, for this big mouth strikes again.I never went to Smith's much; the parking was always kind of a pain; parking at Ansley Mall always left this boy with a thorn in his side. But my opinions of Smith's tend to oscillate wildly. Sure, parking sucks, but other times they'd host one-of-a-kind shows in a small venue worthy of much larger stages and golden lights. Dirty, kinda grungy, Smith's would fit me like a hand in glove at times. Besides, it was Smith's that introduced me to Fox Brother's BBQ. Meat is murder, but it sure is tasty.Unfortunately, this charming man, this handsome devil has gotten old and married and settled into his 9 to 5. Money changes everything you know, and heaven knows I'm miserable now.* But on those rare occasions I can go out to watch live music, I can head back to the old house and listen to tunes played louder than bombs. Four stars to Smith's Olde bar.*Note to my wife. I am NOT miserable. That phrase is artistic license made merely to fit the rest of the review. Whoa boy, this joke just isn't funny anymore.
<review# 914,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2012,5/11/2012,357,369,34,19,23>I don't know the statute of limitations on child abuse / neglect charges, but before proceeding with this review, I must stress that I don't want any charges leveled against my wonderful, wildly unorthodox, immigrant parents.  With that preface out of the way, I must now reveal a terrible, mind-boggling truth to my fellow Americans: I never had pie before Pie Shop.Now, I'll admit, during my first 10 slices at Pie Shop, I reflected on my pie-less childhood as a distinct disadvantage and even considered confronting my mother. I had some pretty choice words picked out and was going to include peanut butter, whoopie pies, and macaroni and cheese in my accusations.But now, I have come to the deeper realization that this is pretty much the best thing that could have happened to me.  Discovering pie in your thirties with childlike wonder and enthusiasm provides a unique, nearly outsider perspective and experience on the planet.  My adoration for pie reached twice a week levels and I STILL HAVEN'T TRIED EVERY PIE.  It's like I have a whole life ahead of me with Mims by my side.I hate to sound like that annoying, noncommittal server who claims "everything is good" when you ask for a recommendation, but there you have it.  I can safely say everything is good. But some things are just superb; sublime, even.  The mocha, the coconut cream, the lemon shaker, and even the apple pie rise to new, buttery, flaky, resplendent heights.I love her savory concoctions. I worship her sweet creations. I flip for the unholy, perfectly scandalous union of the two.I have a pie problem. And I don't care who knows it.
<review# 915,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2012,5/10/2012,118,224,6,6,3>Glad to see a diner that is not a typical greasy spoon. No offense to greasy spoon diners, but that isn't my thing. *clutches pearls*  At. All.Douglasville Diner is new, clean, and has fantastic service. Our waitress was super attentive and hospitable. I loved she seemed interested in making sure we enjoyed our experience/meal. Granted she could just have been doing her job, but either way she rocked my socks (so to speak). ;)As far as the food, this is THE first place that ever cooked my eggs, over easy & medium, correctly. That is major! Most places either have my eggs too runny, not  runny enough, or damn near Hiroshima nuked. Other than my perfect eggs, there weren't any stand outs. The bacon was perfectly crisp, the pancakes could have been sweeter,  the rolls could have been served warm, and my husband said his Philly Cheesteak was bland. However, the rolls were complimentary, so this beggar wont be choosy. I'm going to be honest the food, other than my perfect eggs, did not wow me. But, the service, nostalgic decor, and affordable prices will most definitely make me a return visitor. Also, it's nice to have an option on this side of town, other than IHOP *blech*, to eat breakfast/brunch at.
<review# 916,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2012,5/9/2012,46,137,1,4,3>I've always wanted to go here.  Every time I go to Green's or Murder Kroger I say, "Wow, I've really got to try Camelli's sometime."  Score for finally trying it!  Good prices, neighborhood bar atmosphere, and HELLO gluten free goods.  Seriously?  Now, I didn't try the gluten free pizza yet - so I'm all excited about something I haven't had (and we gf people KNOW you can totally botch pizza) so I will update once I try it.  2 gf beers on the bottle list as well, plus various ciders.  And it's nice to see that places still have reasonable prices.  Plus, I'd like to personally say, "Thank you," for not charging $15 for a gluten free personal pizza cause that's just crazy sauce.
<review# 917,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2012,5/8/2012,61,712,4,5,6>Kevin Rathbun is such a genius that you can replace the "Steak" in "Kevin Rathbun's Steak" with any other noun and we'd all still show up. Steakhouse menus are notoriously large, but this one takes the cake. This is actually the only steakhouse where I've seriously debated not getting the steak. But the down and dirty: the steak is phenomenal. Only the best cuts. I got the New York strip and it was cooked to perfection. Sure they have lots of fancy sauces - the house sauce, truffle based, and even a foie gras one - but keep it simple, because the steak stands out on its own. What you may want to do instead is spent money on anything non-steak. The bacon puffs with pimento cheese were delicious (though not as good as the same item spread at Empire State South). The house onion rings? Kickass. The smoky braised greens with Kentucky hog jowl? This may be Atlanta's best greens (and at a steakhouse); absolutely fantastic and delicious (especially with those bites of jowl). Service is top notch and the atmosphere is fantastic: crowded but not loud, not overwhelming with cigar smoke, not pretentious, and really is the perfect setting for a foodie's paradise. I can't wait to go back and often. This is an Atlanta jewel.
<review# 918,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2012,5/7/2012,65,57,11,8,9>How My Car Was Hit (Part 1 of 4)This is the story of a guy that really wanted a lobster roll at 10 pm on a Friday night.  That guy was me.Late on a Friday night, that craving for a midnight snack hit.  Having been to the Octopus Bar a few weeks earlier, the thought of having another one of their lobster rolls seemed perfect.  I called up two of my friends who were willing to indulge my late night antics and drove off towards East Atlanta.As we sat in traffic, a mere one block away from the Octopus Bar, I could feel that lobster roll getting closer and closer.  That is, until a guy decided to turn out of a parking lot and drive straight into my car.  Suddenly that lobster roll seemed so far away. Thankfully, everyone was okay.  But, instead of satisfying our taste buds, we were forced to spend an agonizing two hours waiting for the police to come.  After everything was sorted out though, we were finally free to head into Octopus Bar.  While I can't say that the meal was "worth the wait", everything was incredibly delicious.We had originally intended to order a light snack in the form of a lobster roll and the bulgogi.  After what we just went through, we decided to order: two lobster rolls, bulgogi, mussels, lobster pasta, and all three of the desserts on the menu.  The lobster rolls were amazing.  They are very generous with the amount of lobster meat, and seem to have found the perfect seasoning and garnish for it.  The bulgogi is yum.  Lots of pork that comes served with lettuce, rice, kimchi, and other goods for you to mix and match to your liking.  The mussels and lobster pasta were good as well, although not as memorable or as "must get" as the previous two items.Of the three desserts, the most memorable one was the brie cheesecake.  Something about the texture of the cheesecake, and the brie flavor, and the slices of fruit that it comes with really makes this dessert standout.  Another dessert we had was a raspberry and wasabi flavored cake.  Putting wasabi in a cake probably seems a bit strange, but it did give the dessert a bit of a unique kick.  As for the third dessert, it wasn't all that remarkable, and I can't really remember what it was! So, if the meal was that great, why only 4 stars and not 5?  Well, service here tends to be a hit or miss.  On this trip, the service was fantastic.  We had an amazing waitress who was knowledge about the menu, friendly and attentive, without being overbearing.  This isn't always the case though.  On a previous trip, the waitress we had was very absent minded.  Also, when our food came and we asked for forks, we were told that they were out of forks.  Really?!  A restaurant that is out of forks??!  Crazy.  The menu at the Octopus Bar changes fairly often.  Chances are, by now some of the dishes and desserts I mentioned are no longer offered.  The lobster roll and bulgogi do seem to be the mainstays of the menu, and I highly recommend them. They also have some interesting cocktails, although I didn't get to try them.  When I asked for "just water", the waitress said "aw, you're the driver aren't you?"  Yes. Yes, I really am.
<review# 919,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2012,5/6/2012,98,221,2,6,3>Solid 4 stars.  I'm going back to consider giving it 5 stars.  Really delicious and in a fantastic setting.We ordered multiple dishes and had them sent out as they were ready.1. Guacamole and Butternut squash with chipotle and queso fresco- The chipotle really added to this appetizer.  It is quite a small portion of guac, but I really love guac, so any portion is probably too small.  Appropriate to share among 2 people.  The butternut squash was fine, but I wouldn't go out of my way to order this again.2. Pork Cheek Arepa- delicious pork. Well cooked, super tender meat.  The arepas themselves were fine, but a bit cold and soft.  Not the style of arepa I'm used to, but definitely a higher-end take on the dish.  3. Grilled little gem salad- for some reason the tomatoes in this dish were fantastic.  Really delectable.  The charring of the vegetables gave the salad a nice flavor.4. Shrimp taquitos- the small tacos are each about 4 inches in diameter. Decent amount of shrimp with a tasty, spicy sauce.5. Chicken Mole Oaxaca- Fan.flipping.tastic. Much larger portion than expected, couldn't even finish it when sharing the dish.  Really rich mole sauce, tender chicken.Overall great experience with quality food.  I'll be back.
<review# 920,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2012,5/4/2012,24,126,3,8,6>YESSSSS! I finally got to visit Serpas. Now this place is right in my neighborhood. I could walk here in 5 minutes but I've always stared longingly as I drove passed to other places. Finally with Fat Tuesday/Mardi Gras here I knew I should get myself there. I reserved a table through yelp and OpenTable (nice partnership thanks) and am SUPER glad that I did. At the time we arrived the whole place was packed, no parking whatsoever and a line out the door. - before you complain about driving somewhere I can walk to in 5, let me be clear that my girlfriend was in heels so the walk would have taken 15 minutes at least and would have caused much discomfort as it's mostly down hill.Back to Serpas, Once we got inside and checked in we went to the bar and got our drink on! There were Hurricanes and Abita for sale (of course) so we got stuck in. Serpas knows how to throw a party, the place was full and the 2nd line band were awesome. Everyone in the building was having a great time (except for one miserable lady at the bar, but that's pretty standard) After hanging out for a while we were shown to our table. It was a nice spot but at the very back of the restaurant under an a/c vent which kept my date cold (not cool). In this situation changing tables was completely out of the question so the solution was clear. More booze - 95% effective against the cold.The menu for the evening was awesome. We ordered oysters and Frogs legs for appetizers. Although there was only 6 the oysters were excellent (I can't eat enough oysters - fact). Frogs legs were very good also. We were spoiled for choice ( gumbo, red beans & rice, fried oysters, hush puppies etc) but were very happy with our choices.More drinks.Entrees, well since it was a special day and my first visit I decided to blow it out and go for the best looking/ most expensive thing on the menu. 14oz Ribeye w/ whipped potatoes & asparagus. My girlfriend ordered the crab-stuffed trout. DISASTER! they were sold out (pretty early in the night but it looked great so I'm not surprised)  so we switched to the Scallops. Both Entree's were fantastic. I mean really fantastic.One more drink.Dessert. Well hell we couldn't leave without King cake and Beignets.we were totally full so we took them to go but reveled in smelling the boxes until we got home!  The King cake was frigging EXCELLENT. Beignets were good also but totally dwarfed by the King cake.So the check arrived and the trout was still on the bill. I informed our server and he removed it for us. We paid and left very happy and satisfied. The service was a little slow but not to be surprised since the place was at capacity. Again the band really helped to make the night so fantastic as them played great New Orleans tunes through our dinner. I can't wait to go back to Serpas ( I know every day can't be Mardi gras but still). It's a little fancy to eat there every week but I'll certainly make myself comfortable at the bar and keep trying out the dishes as often as I can. - Also this is how you do a yelp score. No need to ding the restaurant because your in a bad mood, cold. can't move table, service is slow because the place is full or something gets left on your check. Take care of it and have fun. You're eating out, not everyone is so lucky to get the chance to do the same.
<review# 921,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2012,5/3/2012,115,91,6,7,8>Sunday afternoon (around 3 pm) I had a late, and slightly hungover, breakfast with a couple of friends and a few strangers (who are now new friends).  We were going to go to IHOP, but, these new friends of mine suggested Le Petite Marche, in Kirkwood, and I'm glad they did.  This is an adorable restaurant in an "-up-and-coming" part of Kirkwood, so some of the neighboring buildings and streets look a little bit skanky, but no worries, Le Petite Marche's darlingness (portmanteau) made up for it.  The menu is southern-influenced while the restaurant has a French country flair (it reminds me of a shop/restaurant in Savannah, actually).  I had the Kirkwood, with scrambled eggs, chicken sausage, delicious toast, while my friends, new and old, had a french toast concoction that looked like a McDonald's McGriddle, and the Shrimp Po Boy.  Service was fast and very friendly, and one of the managers (I'm guessing) even served us little shots of soul-food - which was their menu item of the day.  It had yams, collards, black eyed-peas, and cornbread.  I don't like black eyed peas (they're a horrible band) but I ate them anyway.  The yams were aight, but the collards were bangin:  sweet, tangy and smoky with a little bit of crunch (that's how Gramma makes them, and that's the pretty much the only way I'll eat them). Next time, I'm ordering those as a side.All in all, it's a cute restaurant, perfect for first dates and hungover brunch.
<review# 922,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2011,5/2/2012,149,289,5,6,6>You have no idea. You just don't.I've been meaning to visit this place for a while now, as its right in my 'hood, and I was SO happy I did.Me and the sig got the 3-way and some kind of dog that tasted like a taco salad. In case you dont know, the 3-way is a delicious mix of tasty, well-seasoned chicken sausage, topped in chilli, cheese, onions, saurkraut, and coldslaw. OMG.*Foodgasm*I love this place. The service was decent and the food was done quickly, even considering there was a line forming. I'd DEFINITELY return here.
<review# 923,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2011,5/1/2012,124,182,4,12,4>This is a new nightclub in Atlanta that has opened in the already-busy Crescent Avenue area.  It's a little bit away from the really cramped sections of bars/club, so it's technically in the Crescent Ave area but avoids the insane traffic (for now).  I believe Reign had a soft opening in June, and I have no idea when their grand opening will be.  I just got around to trying this place out and I have to say that I had a pretty good time.I went on a Saturday night, which was more of a general club night.  I would say that there were a decent number of Indian people here but I wouldn't say that this was an "Indian" night like Sutra Lounge has.  It was very racially diverse, which is always a good thing.  I've heard (but obviously haven't been) that Friday is Asian night.I am not sure, but I believe there was an email list to get in for free before a certain time like every other club in Atlanta.  I got here pretty late though so I had to pay $20 for cover, which is never fun.  Oh well, it's a club.There was no line manifesting, which is good.  Line was only a few people long and moved quickly.  Bouncers were very friendly, which was also nice.  This could all change when the club becomes more popular, but for now, they've avoided the pitfalls of some other crap clubs in Atlanta (read: Opera).You first walk in through two glass doors and the bathrooms are downstairs on the left, and the club is on the right through another pair of glass doors.  Interesting concept, but I think it actually works well because any bathroom line would be technically outside the club area.  No line for the bathrooms either.  This is a nice idea.The club itself is very very nice.  They have two VIP second floor areas to the left and right as you walk in, as well as some VIP couches on the first floor on the right side.  There's a long bar on the first floor on the left side.  I believe the concept they're going for is a long hallway.  It's an interesting layout but I have to say it works well.  If you're going VIP, this means you have a isolated position away from the crowd if it gets intense but you also overlook the entire club very well, so you're not by yourself on an island.  If you're in the regular area, it gives the feeling that the club is very spacious because of the "depth" of the club, but the long hallway design makes it seem a little more populated at the same time.  I guess that's good for manipulating the feeling of the crowd size, that it's both a big club but also semi-crowded.  I really never put much thought into club layouts but the interesting design of this one really had me thinking, and I have to say it's pretty creative.Cost? Well, it's a club.  Typical high prices for all alcohol, plus the $20 cover.  You're really not going to find anything different in any other high quality club.  Still gives me sad face.I would say right now this club is tied for the nicest club I've been to in Atlanta, along with Havana Club.  I can imagine this place getting really really popular soon, so all the positives I mentioned might go down the toilet soon.  But for now, while it's popular but not ridiculously crowded, I'm a fan of Reign.
<review# 924,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2011,4/30/2012,474,1389,4,10,10>It's been a hard couple of weeks for me, capping off the less than easiest year, so I was thrilled when my darling husband not only said we should do something, but made reservations and even got a babysitter!We started with a cocktail at the bar.  I love that the bartenders are tatted up and have neatly groomed beards, but wear dapper vests showing off great style.  I got the wassail, which was slightly citrusy, appropriate for the season.  It packed a lot of punch in a little glass.We decided on the 5 course chefs tasting menu.  We wanted wine, but we're out of practice, and babysitters aren't cheap, so we explained that we'd like a half glass served early as a white and half glass served later as a red so that we were sharing something but not breaking the bank or getting too tipsy.  While complicated, the servers took it in stride, no problems.The amuse was goat cheese, beet, and something green...  Delicious!The first course was yellow tail crudo with radish and some micro greens.  So fresh, perfect temperature, great blend of textures and flavors, with just enough flavor from the garnishes to accent the yellow tail itself.The second course was trout with mashed potatoes and pickled tomato.  Definitely my favorite course of the night - perfectly cooked fish, great combination of textures and flavors. This dish could make me a pescatarian.The third course was quail.  The quail wasn't quite as tender as I would have liked, but I loved that the server encouraged us to pick up the legs with our hands rather than trying to be dainty and cut around it.  I don't recall the puree underneath or he coulee (hibiscus?), but it worked quite well with the quail.The fourth course was pork tenderloin and pork belly.  Honestly, after salivating over Kevin's pork dishes on the show, I was a little disappointed in the flavor profile.  It was intentional, and well-executed, but it was a little like I was expecting chocolate and got mint instead - still good, just not what I would have chosen.The fifth (dessert) was deconstructed twix - buttermilk ice cream, a block of chocolate, malted milk crumbles, and a walnut tuile.  The portion was big, the ice cream was great, but I'm more of a fruit dessert person, so it just wasn't my thing.The last morsels were blackberry jelly candies - excellent last flavors.And they gave us bags of hot chocolate to go.While some of the courses were not flavors that I prefer, I still managed to eat every morsel.  Everything was beautifully executed.  The portions were just enough that I was sated but not overly full.  The wines paired nicely.  And the atmosphere is cozy on a chilly and gray winter's eve.#Yelp365 - 365/365
<review# 925,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/5/2012,4/29/2012,216,468,15,5,4>Should I be ashamed that this is my first review of 2012? Naahhhh. What I'm ashamed of is the fact that I didn't clue in early on that the drinks at SRs, while pricey, are SUPER STRONG. So strong that after a couple (I really only remember having two), the rest of the night was a stumbling blur.Fast forward to the next morning: Oh, my head!! And what happened to all that cash in my wallet?! I wish I could remember the 2nd half, I'm sure it was...entertaining.
<review# 926,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2011,4/28/2012,107,432,1,9,3>Nice place! My crew ranges from ages 26-29 yrs old and needless to say we were the youngest people in there. We enjoyed it though! Beautiful women everywhere! Reasonable prices, $5.00 valet parking, $7.00-$10.00 alcoholic beverages and a classy crowd! Impressed! I intend on going back....and the musicians were on point too...They did a DAMN GOOD JOB "covering" R.Kelly's "Love Letter".....I would definitely reccomend this place! BUT, on Saturday's, PLEASE make reservations ahead of time!!!!!! If not, you'll e waiting for hours...literally!
<review# 927,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2011,4/27/2012,41,112,2,13,5>I've had enjoyable and memorable times at the Starlight.  After driving by the Starlight daily for 12 years and cringing at the razor wire, tire shredders, and less-than'marginal neighborhood, I ran out of excuses to go to a friend's annual birthday celebration there.  I have not tailgated much in the past, but this is the perfect place for it.  A few important tips:1. Go with a group2. Bring a flashlight to get to the restroom, find your way back, and pack in the dark3.  Come early and bring whatever tickles your tailgating fancy (DON'T forget the bottle opener).  Grills, drivable coolers, foldable picnic tables, etc. work well.  The legendary Harold's Barbecue is nearby and a popular choice.  Bug spray may make you very popular.4.  Bring comfortable picnic chairs5.  Consider bringing something to do until it gets dark:  frisbee, Scrabble, poker table, Twister, whatever. . . 6.  ABSOLUTELY bring a battery-powered radio.  That's how you hear the movie.  Running your car battery for two hours can be scary, especially in this neighborhood7.  The double features are usually well-matched and staying for the second movie stretches your entertainment dollar considerably8.  Weather is not always your friend, so check the report.  Blankets, jackets, and rain gear may save the day, so keep them handyThe only thing I don't like about this experience is that fellow customers can be noisy.  Otherwise, this place is an iconic treasure and a tradition well worth enjoying and preserving with frequent support.
<review# 928,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2011,4/26/2012,144,122,3,6,2>Ah fellini's, the most dependable pizza by the slice joint in atlanta.This is my favorite location by far. It's the most open and least crowded. It also has a bright clean feel and a nice fountain outside. Plus its just as close to me as the one on Ponce where the parking lot is a nightmare when it gets busy. This Fellini's is next to a strip mall so PLENTY of parking. I love the Fellini's special sub the green olives and extra cheese for pineapple and ricotta.The calzones are awesome too, lots and lots of gooey stringy cheese. Also, sicilian crust is about three times the thickness of the traditional and it is cooked well, crisp on the outside and soft in the middle. get this crust if ur hungry and looking to up ur carb intake.
<review# 929,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2011,4/25/2012,65,273,2,4,3>Yesterday I went to Publix after to work to grab some chicken for dinner and to my surprise Menchie's was finally opened!  After grabbing some grocery's I decided to check it out.  The interior is a nice cool green with a circular counter in the middle of the store displaying a large variety of frozen yogurt.  Like other FroYo places this shop is self serve and they had really interesting and exotic flavors.  They had plenty of sample cups for you to sample any of the yogurts before making a decision (which I like).  I hate when you have to ask someone at the counter for sample cups.  Anyway, I tried the Guava Lime Sorbet which was absolutely amazing I am a huge fan of Guava to begin with but the sorbet wasn't that sweet which I liked.  On to the yogurt....I sampled the green apple just ok, next I tried the raspberry which was a little sweet for my taste so I tried the pomegranate raspberry tart and it was other worldly.  The tart mix of pomegranate & the hint of sweetness in the raspberry was the perfect treat!  They had the regular amount and kinds of toppings ranging from candies, to cereal, and of course my favorite, fruit.  This place is a lot like the other yogurt shops in the area using a scale to determine payment. Also, the spoons are a bit weird they kind of made me feel like I was a child eating baby food with their huge cartoon character handles.  My favorite part though was that the girl at the counter gave me a free Menchie's Magnet; score!  And the fact that the yogurt was delicious.  My least favorite part was the obscene amount of screaming and misbehaving children and judging by the fliers for this Friday's events at Menchie's that is the kind of crowd they are trying to market to.  I like this place but will definitely make sure to go at odd hours to avoid the kid drama.
<review# 930,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2011,4/24/2012,213,121,1,6,7>i went here for a friend's birthday dinner with a group of about 25 people.  they accommodated us very well and service was great despite us taking up most of the restaurant.  there's a couple things i don't understand about cafe q:1) it seems out of place in the john's creek/duluth area.  seems like it should be closer to doraville on buford highway (closer to me).2) how do more people not know about you?  i'm just gonna give it time, because i feel more people will undoubtedly come to you after your goodness spreads through word of mouth.as a group, we ordered:white pepper and vinegar soup - just like addy c.'s friend described, it's egg drop meets hot and sour with cilantro.  delicious!  i've always had a hard time deciding between hot and sour and egg drop and now i don't have to!  and yeah, the bowl could definitely feed 5-6 people.  we had a lot of leftover soup.braised eggplant and shrimp - this was the group favorite.  eggplant stuffed with shrimp and deep fried.  how could you go wrong?  the sauce was nice and sweet and went well with the eggplant/shrimp goodness.mongolian beef - i'm usually not a fan, but this mongolian beef tasted a little different than most i've had.  it was good, but i'd definitely try one of the cafe q unique dishes.meatballs - they were huge!  (that's what she said).  they were a little salty, but the flavor was great.  someone at my table described it as dumpling filling in meatball form, which i thought was pretty accurate.crispy fried chicken - ok, i made that up.  not sure what it was called, but it was kind of like popcorn chicken with a spicy asian batter.  these also were on the salty side, but again the flavor was great and the crispiness was awesome.  by the time this dish came out, we were all slowing down.i'd definitely like to go to cafe q again to try the rest of their menu (which could take a while).  this place kind of reminded me of a canton cooks meets golden buddha, but that might just be me.
<review# 931,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/14/2011,4/23/2012,46,143,8,7,7>I've read a few reviews from people who have apparently had issues finding Lakewood but I have personally not had that issue.  Check a map, check online..there are resources for you to use.  There is also more than one way out so you can avoid the mass of traffic.  If you are in the parking lot there is an exit towards the back of the lot (where you entered) and then there is one to the right.  When I say to the right I mean mean the right of the direction you're facing when you are parked.  It isn't marked so just follow the flow of traffic.  I recently went to the Poison/Motley Crue concert and I'm really glad that I know this.The pavilion can get really, really hot so be prepared to be pressed up against several stinky strangers.  But hey, after awhile we all stink anyway.  If you have lawn seating be aware that it's general admission so give yourself time to get there early.  Yes, there is a curve at the bottom of the hill but I've been to plenty of amphitheatres that are this way and it really is not that big of a deal.  At the Poison/Crue concert the people sitting on the low part of the hill were lucky enough to see Bret Michaels walk past right in front of them.  Bring a blanket to sit on rather than complaining that you had to sit in the grass.  The horror!
<review# 932,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2011,4/22/2012,55,299,3,4,3>NOTE: CLOSED ON WEDNESDAYS.I've been here many times over the past 10 years or so.  There's tons of Chinese people here. Over the past several years, though, I've seen the crowd and diversity of this place change so much!! 10 years ago, it was primarily Chinese people.  About 5 years ago or so, I started seeing tons of Chinese and then Mexicans! And most recently, i.e. this past week, I saw tons of people there for an early dinner: white, mexicans, chinese, me! (koreans), and other races. Talk about CHANGE!  (Between you and me, I was a little sad that there weren't as many Chinese people filling up the place, but alas! the secret couldn't be held for too long, right? Everyone was bound to find out about this place!) I digress. Let me get back to the food.SERVICE: The service is okay here. It's not anything exceptionally outstanding, but it's not horrible either. Just standard. FOOD: I'll comment on the few dishes that I have ordered. While I've had other foods in the past, I'll choose to write on the dishes I ordered most recently.BEEF CHOW FUN (Dry) -- The beef chow fun is HUGE. The dish is absolutely huge and can be shared amongst 3 people. The noodles are cooked well (not overly, not under-ly!). The beef was not the best grade, but it wasn't horrid. The sauce was excellent. Although noodles are so bad for you, they're so good! So, everyone kept eating this!SHRIMP and VEGETABLES -- The sauce was like a moo goo gai pan sort of sauce. Clear, thick, gooey, sauce. A little on the healthier side, with broccoli and vegetables being cooked fine. Shrimp were quite large and plentiful. It was good, but I'm just not a fan of this type of sauce, so I shall pass next time. Anyway, I'll continue to update on the other dishes, but ... most of the things I've had are good.They are open till 2 am, so it's awesome for a late night snack!!!
<review# 933,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2011,4/21/2012,342,294,2,8,5>After my first trip to Drybar I know I'll be going back. It's not only because of the complimentary wine, awesome space and super-friendly staff but also due to all the other ladies getting their hair styled.Everyone there is so nice! At most salons there's this unspoken rule of not talking to the people next to you, but hell ladies its a bar! We're drinking, watching chick flicks, noshing on Sweedish fish and having a damn good time! I chose the Cosmopolitan to feel fa-la-la-fabulous for my company holiday party. My stylist did a great job curling all the fine layers of my hair. Lauren "Hot Wife" P was looking fine when she left Drybar.The only reason I can't give Drybar five stars is because my hair fell flat within five hours of my visit to the salon. Granted I was the silly one who booked an appointment at 3 p.m. when my party wasn't until 8, but I had to re-curl my hair before heading out for the evening.Drybar is great for girls whose hair can hold curls for more than a few hours especially for the ladies who like to go for two days without washing their hair. I'll be going back to Drybar to try one of their other styles plus sip wine and meet more nice people!
<review# 934,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2012,4/20/2012,67,441,2,10,11>Bell Street is the best of the best for burritos in Atlanta. And now they have a location I can go to for lunch? New Year's diet be damned, I will still figure out how to have these delicious burritos. Everything about them is clever, cool, and really well done. From fun ways to get you to sign up for their newsletters (hey guys, when are you going to send one out?!), to chatty (in a good way) staff, to keeping you entertained by the decor, it's all 100% wonderful. I don't even mind the heavy theological bent. It doesn't feel in your face in a prosthelytizing way. It's very smart.Then the burritos. First, they've always called my name at the counter before I could even get settled into a booth. Second...the only burrito I've loved more was from a food truck in San Francisco after a few drinks. Considering how beer goggles work, Bell Street is probably even better than that burrito. But then there's nostalgia. You know how it is. The chips are the only thing that I can't gush over. I like the thicker kind like at La Fonda and these are a bit thin, but I don't need the chip anyways. Now I don't have to long for a trip to California for my fix. You guys rock.
<review# 935,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2012,4/19/2012,33,434,3,7,6>HOLY BIBIMBAP BURGER.I'm obsessed. Bibimbap burger. Order it. It TASTES like bibimbap! But there's no rice in it! It's all beef, baby. Very friendly and welcoming staff.
<review# 936,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2011,4/18/2012,959,890,15,12,13>For my 200th review, I wanted to make it stand out somewhat.  I had the pleasure to come here last Friday for a Cobb County UYE.  Being kind of new to Yelp, this was also my first UYE.  Now I am kind of addicted to them!I had made the "trek" from North Point Mall to Baldino's (took about 30 minutes), and used my phone GPS to get me to through the final leg.  When I finally realized it was near Harry's, that was good to know I was in somewhat familiar territrory.  But when I did get there, the place looked mobbed (parking lot setup sucked, I am not gonna lie).  So I parked in the nosebleeds (imagine a 500 section @ Turner Field, I parked there!), and made my walk up there.  When I got to the door, the inside was filled, and there was a nice line!  The line was good though, since it gave me time to: A)read the menu B) look for fellow Yelpers I have never met before.This place reminded me of a deli back in Connecticut in the late 80's, with some extra military memorobilia- I was down with that.  I had no idea that right in front of me stood a legend, the creator of this UYE (Jang C!), so right before I ordered he came up to me and inrtoduced himself, I was relieved, and felt accepted (hell, if they wanted to, I could have been ignored like a blue headed stepchild).I ordered a Whole Spicy Italian with only cheese and meat (not a big fan of filler, unless its bacon or oil and vinegar), and it took less than 5min to get my food (they use a ticket system to retrieve food).  When I got my food, I thought they mistook me.  I asked for a "whole" sub, not 2!  The plate was huge!As I was filling up my drink (oh yea, Coke products again!), I looked at the corner table (yea, THAT corner table, where the mob does their business, the only one in the place, the one that seats 5-6) and there was the other legend, what appeared to be Daniel B (can somebody get this guy a Gold badge already?)- it felt like I was a kid at a ballpark meeting all of my heroes.  It was amazing!  I got to meet some awesome yelpers all in all, totally clutch!  Hell, I don't know if this is normal, but we sat around and talked for almost 2 hours!While we were chatting, it was time to check out this monster sub.  It was cut in 4 manageable pieces, and I won't lie, it was pretty dang tasty (although the bread- it kept leaving my mouth dry, but that is ok- free refills!).  The meat and cheese were of decent quality and I had no complaints there.Near the end of our meal, as we were about to leave, I realized one thing- I needed more!!!I had meant to go outside to say goodbye to everyone, but the Baldino's fix was needed.  So I ordered a whole Italian Battalion.  YUM!After a rough and long week at work, getting to eat some decent food and meet some great people, well that definitely gave a great weekend a jump start.
<review# 937,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2011,4/17/2012,95,60,29,16,13>I will never look at $12 the same way again. Like a teenage boy who just smoked weed for the first time counts his paycheck in Taco Bell orders and dime bags, I will now assess my spendings based on how many orders of steak tartare I am foregoing. How much are those shoes? Oh man, ELEVEN steak tartares? That's way too many steak tartares for a pair of slingbacks. I was initially a little bored by the menu, because despite being all wild and crazy and serving types of meat that are standard in every developed nation except America, the menu is simple. Chicken liver pate, pork belly, duck confit. But for me, there is a great restaurant, and then there is an upper echelon where you can taste in the first moments of your meal that you are dealing with a world-class chef. When every bite makes your taste buds short circuit. The only other meal I've had of this caliber that comes to mind is the infamous Diner in Williamsburg.The highlight of my evening slash life was, as I may have mentioned, the steak tartare. It was dizzingly sublime.  Each bite was like the moments before a migraine, really good pain killers, or sex, in that my brain started swimming and shut down. Serotonin overload. Two of my friends preferred the duck rillette: a developed balsamic reduction, charred toast, the rillete itself a little smokey. The potted chicken liver with apple butter was perfectly smooth and creamy, no overwhelming liver flavor, and had a tanginess I can only compare to goat cheese. My little frenchy friend was caught drooping her head down with her eyes closed as we noticed the cheese tray was suspiciously and suddenly empty. The super crunchy fries, hot bread, unsalted sweet butter, monkey bread, everything was just. so. perfect.In a situation like this, I could care less about the service, the decor, anything, and frankly I want to beat customer service whiners about the head and neck with a blunt object. That said, the interior is genuinely impressive and the service was perfect. We waited for nothing and there were two 20 tops and most of the restaurant was full. Finally, we gorged ourselves and had multiple cocktails and walked out for under $50 a person. Sweet holy gods of food, I love you.
<review# 938,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2011,4/16/2012,91,277,11,11,11>Are you looking for really good Neapolitan pizza? Well, a little piece of pizza paradise lies just outside of 285 on Roswell Road. The valet and upscale feel of the place might throw you off, but you can feel the passion from the moment you walk in. Everyone seemed genuinely happy to be there, so it will be interesting to see if they can maintain that same level of cheery and attentive service over time. The space is huge: the hostess told me that they have 300 tables inside and 100 tables outside.  The wine list is impressive and I was happy to spot vermentino (my favorite) on it. We started with the misticanza salad and pineapple carpaccio.  Both were very good. We shared the double zero napoletana pizza.  It was as good as Antico, and better than Fritti and Varasano's, in my opinion.  Cut it with scissors, fold it up, and enter pizza heaven.  One of the owners (Federico) came out with complimentary lamb polpettine, which were these really delicious lamb meatballs with fresh mozzarella and tomato-basil jam.  Ladies, the owner is total eye candy, but well, it appears that he's off the market.  For dessert, we had the bomboloni (Italian doughnuts) and the nutella gelato.  Like most nutella desserts, the flavor was lost in translation and it tasted more like a Wendy's Frosty than chocolate hazelnut.  Double Zero is a great date spot, and it also seems suitable for dinner with a large group.  Warning: You might consider a move to Sandy Springs after coming here... it's that good!
<review# 939,isUSA=TRUE,1.0,8/11/2011,4/15/2012,73,69,7,6,5>Popeyes has better fried chicken.
<review# 940,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2011,4/14/2012,67,77,5,7,7>Simply put, Tasty China remains the standard by which all other Sichuan places in Atlanta are judged. Even Peter Chang's. I eat here about once a week. Sure, the booths are tattered, the menus frayed, the bathrooms questionable but what really counts here, is the affordable high quality food. Here are the Asian families, the college students, the Midwestern tourists, you generally don't see at the more uptown version. Sitting in one of those tattered booths, sampling renown dishes, drinking tea and reading on my Kindle (I know, pathetic aging hipster), I really don't care how the other half is living. Spring Rolls, Dumplings, Pork belly in Spicy Garlic Sauce, Dry Beef with Hot and Numbing Pepper and even some humble Fried Rice provide a kingly feast. A Tsing Tao would help but still, No Alcohol Served. I can live with that. So from one aging hipster to another, here's another star.
<review# 941,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2011,4/13/2012,190,335,9,6,7>Want the best meal you've ever had inside a gas station? Go here!  This was a UYE not to be forgotten.  After driving up and down and up and down the Bu, I finally called and got told that I need to go inside the Exxon and to the back of the Exxon.  HA! It's anew restaurant, so if you think there was a sign, think again.  Gotta love the UYEs. I learn so much.  So there is this sandwich (or this monster)  that is HUGE and has all this meat on it:  ham, hot dog, pork, Mexican sausage, and (wait for it) a fried egg, plus cheese called a torta.  Now look, you can't approach this sandwich in some shy, punk-bitch type of way.  You need to come correct to handle that bad boy.  If don't don't stand up to it, this sandwich will slap you.  I'm sure.   So, I was able to taste it  (the torta) and it was yummy.  Yes! A winner for sure.  I was also able to taste some kind of pork soup that was very good as well.  I ordered a quesadilla (lame choice...sue me) and it was just average.  I saw some delicious looking foods at this dinner people.  Have you ever seen a taco on steroids? It's called a tlayuda.  It will be competing in the next Olympic games.   I will be returning to this spot for some grub...and some gas.  It seems so crazy that this place, from the back of a gas station, puts out such good food.
<review# 942,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2011,4/12/2012,230,255,5,16,3>Last night I ventured down to Acoustic Jazz for a friends birthday.  I have to be honest, I was pleasantly surprised.  It's a really nice venue.  Its really spacious inside with interesting decor and I realized when I was leaving that you can go downstairs where they have more live music.  The music was awesome!  They had a jazz singer upstairs with a great band.  Also, I love going out where everyone is dressed appropriately.  No hoochies at this place!I didnt eat this time as I had dinner elsewhere. I had a decent glass of red wine and the rest of the party seemed to enjoy there entrees. Price point of  about 20.00 for an entree.   The server was excellent and attentive.You can self park or valet.  It was quite an enjoyable experience and I think I will go back soon.
<review# 943,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2011,4/11/2012,117,75,7,12,5>It was disappointing when the cupcake shop that was originally here shut down, but to have another cupcake shop open in its place?  That's a pretty nice consolation prize.Driving by, you won't miss this shop.  It's right next door to Yoforia, near the fire station, across the street from Jimmy John's and Figo.  Oh...and also...its section of the building is painted a high contrast dark brown and pink (its corporate colors).The inside is clean and bright.  The huge variety of cupcakes (the full menu is on CamiCakes' site) stare back at you as you make the agonizing decision of only choosing one (hell, pick two...who's going to know?).  I chose the Carrot after reading positive reviews of it in other CamiCakes locations' Yelp reviews.  Carrot was delicious - the frosting was smooth and creamy and the cake itself was delicious and moist (that's a word reserved ONLY for reviews of cakes).  Next time I think it'll either be Salted Caramel or Mint Chocolate.The employees were all friendly and helpful.  2 or 3 of them helped take orders and box cupcakes (in vivid pink boxes), and one person helped ring me up on an iPad with a pink case and a Square credit card reader.  First time I've seen Square used exclusively in place of a Point of Sale system, so that was pretty neat.  Speaking of, pricing is pretty simple here: $2.50 for cupcakes, $1.50 for drinks.I'll definitely be back to try out the other flavors.A note on parking: If you've never been in the area before, you should know that parking can be a real pain in the ass sometimes.  There's a total of maybe 20 spots, but nearly half of them have signs for either "SunTrust parking" or "dry cleaner parking."  If those are the only spots left, I just use them.  You might get a staredown from someone at SunTrust or the dry cleaner, but I bet they can't get a tow truck to your car in the time it takes you to finish a cupcake (or two...or three.  Again, no one has to know).
<review# 944,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2011,4/10/2012,12,178,,8,5>On a Saturday night, the place was only half full. We were seated immediately in one of the booths. The inside was nicely cooled from the Summer heat. Unfortunately, this meant that the a/c vent was blowing cold air on the table. The indoors are tastefully decorated but could use a few more pieces of flair, if that's what they intended by their name.Like most standard Mexican restaurants, we were given a basket of chips and salsa. I can't help but wonder why there's always just the one chip with all of the seasoning? How hard is it to evenly sprinkle the spices? The chips were a bit stale but the second basket seemed a bit fresher.The first letdown was the lack of a drink menu. Our server explained that the bar could make anything I wanted. Does that mean there will never be a drink menu? Not wanting to ask our server to recite every drink they could make, I settled for a house margarita and it was really strong.We ordered some plain queso dip and the Empanadas de Picadillo as our appetizers. I ordered the chicken Quesadilla Especial and my boyfriend ordered the steak Tacos al Carbon. The queso came out first. When the empanadas came out, we didn't have time to take one bite before our meal came out. Unfortunately, the runner brought fish tacos instead of the steak tacos that my boyfriend had ordered. When my boyfriend offered to take the fish tacos, our server intervened and said that my boyfriend should get what he ordered. Props to our server. The steak tacos came out with in a few minutes.The queso dip was standard. Three empanadas come in an order and they were fantastic. They're filled with spiced beef and vegetables and there's a light drizzle of chipotle cream sauce. No red remoulade as the menu says, but it didn't need it. The cream sauce was what made the dish.The steak tacos were good and had two tortillas each. There was a lot of cilantro but it wasn't overpowering. Two cups of the same salsa (not different as the menu says). The salsa was nice and spicy and also filled with lots of cilantro. The beans were overshadowed by everything else.The quesadilla was really tasty with lots of vegetables and chicken. There were cups of pico de gallo, guacamole and sour cream. I could have used more of each.Overall the food was excellent - really good portions and everything looked like it was made fresh. Our server was really good and was really concerned with us having the best dining experience. We didn't finish a lot of our food so we had enough leftovers for another full meal. Our server was nice enough to give me a cup of the chipotle cream sauce to take home with the last empanada.Unfortunately, as we passed by the bar on our way out, I saw a list of drink specials. Would have preferred to try one of those drinks had I know about them. Next time, I'll have the server recite the drink specials.It's so nice to have a solid Mexican restaurant in the Monroe area. I hope Corralejo can keep this standard of service and food and that every customer gets the same experience we had.
<review# 945,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2011,4/9/2012,241,644,3,4,4>What a great place to celebrate my mothers 61st birthday last nite. As you can see from my profile pic, my mother isn't afraid to throw back a tequila shot.I love a place that isn't so "busy" that they act like they can't fit you in for dinner on short notice.  We made a dinner reservation at 6:30pm for 8:30pm.This is the one place where every time I;ve gone the food has been fresh, and everyone orders something different just so we can all try a little of someone else plate.  Fresh hot food wins me over every time.My daughter got the Fried Chicken, and even though I didn't taste it, she assured me that it lives up to all the online hype.  I went with the Tequila Shrimp with Grit cake, and before I left I was asking, how do you make a grit cake, absolutely divine.  My son and mother got the salmon, and both were very happy, and my son friends got the craw fish pasta, and both she and my mother left with a "doggie plate" so the serving portions were of a good size.Rob was our server, and he was PERFECT.  Most people know that I don't like a waiter that hovers and talks to much.  He didn't, he quietly refilled water glasses, checked to make sure we were ok, and cleared empty plates without being intrusive.  I appreciate that.I had a coupon from the entertainment book, that gave us one meal for free, so I'm looking forward to being able to use that again before the coupon book expires in November.Complimentary valet.
<review# 946,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2011,4/8/2012,193,304,,7,4>A laid back and very comfortable coffee shop.  Intelligentsia beans.  Delicious espresso drinks.  Friendly.  My favorite coffee shop for relaxing in at late night.The interior is very much East Atlanta.  With what looked like old salvaged sofas, tables, regular and irregular chairs kind of just scattered around.  There's floor lamp here, table lamp there, and the floor is not entirely level.  Big ceiling fans lazily swirl on.  The funky coffee themed rendition of "Creation of Adam" on the ceiling makes a pretty impressive statement.  On the whole, the place feels consciously unkempt, dim, and inexplicably comfortable and relaxing.  The people seem much more laid back than at  other coffee shops too.  This is a big contrast to coffee shops where people sit straight on neatly arranged tables using their computers.  This place has late hours like Octane, which is very nice.    I've only been here at night time, and probably won't try to come here during the day.  During the day, places with better natural lighting would be more appealing.  There's no alcoholic beverages like some coffee shops (Octane, Java Vino, Java Monkey come to mind) offer.  But the coffee and espresso drinks I've had so far have been very very good.  Not the very best, but very good.  I'll continue to favor Joe's as a late night relaxing place.
<review# 947,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2011,4/7/2012,97,276,3,6,5>I had the awesome pleasure of eating here with Calvin Pace (from the NY Jets, covering a story for Atlanta's Finest Dining...who knew Calvin was a foodie?). Taka is apparently one of his favorites here in Atlanta so we stocked up on a variety of the menu items. This place is very cool. It's tucked into Buckhead with a tiny parking lot. Inside it's extremely quiet and romantic, dim lights, small tables -- very intimate. The sushi chefs will basically make you anything you can imagine. I was lucky to sample a lot of items off the menu, such as:Ankimo (monkfish liver, which looks and tastes kinda like lobster) and nore sore (raw baby sea eel, which was good with miso sauce and starfruit...I don't think I could handle the texture by itself. And look closely at them, you can see their eyes!!). The tuna poke appetizer was also absolutely delicious with lots of yellowfin tuna amid fresh and exotic fruits. The rolls are all tasty, there wasn't anything I tried that I didn't like -- spicy scallop with wasabi tobiko was probably my fave, then we sampled toro, live scallop, smoked salmon, uni and some other nigri items. The sake comes in a traditional glass, which I had never seen before. I love that many of their specialty rolls are named after Atlanta landmark companies, including CNN, Home Depot and UPS rolls. The sushi is a little pricey but it's all extremely tasty, delicate and perfectly prepared.
<review# 948,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2011,4/6/2012,276,267,,13,2>I like it. I like the concept, I mean I am sure not many people on here have been to Brazil. Guess what? I have, and over there it is not just about the over the top churrascaria. Sure they have the nicest and best in the world in Sao Paulo and Rio, but they also have many places that are just everyday Churrascarias. These places are like $10-15 and serve good food at fair prices. So that is the common low end that I know. As a point of reference I have also dined at Porcao and Marius (Brazil), Porcao and Platforma (NYC), and Rafain and Texas De in Dallas. Red and Green is for sure a step above these common joints in Brazil, but it for sure is not the same experiences as a Fogo or Texas De. That is exactly what i like about it though. It is like $17.99 for lunch and $29.99 for dinner. So nothing that breaks the bank, plus as many have mentioned they do have various kinds of discounts from time to time. The salad bar is OK, I did like that they had hearts of palm. The sweet breads are average but certainly not bad. The meats are good, especially some of them. In particular I liked the fillet, flank, and Beef Ribs. At a place like this don't be afraid to ask for your meat the way you want it cooked, medium rare, etc. Also do not be afraid to ask for meat with less salt. Those are two things I always do, especially at joints like this. I did not drink this night, but I did note the wine list which is very affordable, even if lacking many better options. I was surprised at the poor reviews for service as I thought the service was just fine, even quite good. I will be back.
<review# 949,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2011,4/5/2012,309,376,2,8,4>Mmm...this place is casually cake-tastic. The bakery is small but has some scattered small tables and chairs and some couches. The drinks are self serve (and yes they have coffee) after you pay at the counter when you place your order. If you're sitting, they will bring you your food, and your cake will be in a to-go box because chances are you won't finish the huge honking slice. This is a great snack or quick brunch location, and of course there's the cake. I ordered the chocolate red velvet cake - moist cake, chocolate frosting, perfect and an apple pie to go - super sweet crust, delicious filling, a solid pie that I would be proud to bring to a house-party (or eat in it's entirety in one sitting). The cake slices are ginormous, and after about half you'll likely want to save the rest for later.As for food, I did get a two-cheese grilled cheese sammich (with gouda and cheddar). I added tomato and lettuce but didn't think to add ham which I should have. The sammich was good, but not spectacular. At the end of the day I was more impressed with the baked sweets. There are vegan options (NICE) and plenty of fresh cakes with lots of daily options. The location is a bit out of the way, but if you're heading for the dekalb farmers market anyway, stop in and cake-it-up.
<review# 950,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2012,4/4/2012,817,996,4,4,6>I LOVE this store.If I could redecorate on an unlimited budget (and, yes, that would include things for Big and coffee table books, both of which Pieces has in spades), this would be one of my main shopping spots. From the armoires to the chairs . . . lamps . . . candles . . . prints. I love it all!It's like the most fabulous cross between what I'd call casual posh/sophisticated chic and punchy color love! Ah, just "window shopping" here makes me happy. Good thing there's Pinterest so I can keep making my dream home board!!
<review# 951,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2011,4/3/2012,296,419,15,2,3>Woah woah....look! It's another froyo review!After coming out of the movie theaters at Regal Medlock, I was hit with a froyo craving. Conveniently, Yogur-le-hee is in the same plaza and only a few stores down.So I walked in and it was decorated nicely inside and seemed like a cool hip place straight from Korea and then BAM!!!There she was. Probably the most attractive froyo employee I've seen. She was this slender Asian with fair skin and beautiful hair. She looked like she belonged in a kpop group like SNSD (aka Girl's Generation, check out this vid to get a better idea youtube.com/watch?v=fhse ). So I mustered up all my courage, walked up to her and said...." Can I get a small plain yogurt with blueberries, mocha, and fruity pebbles?"...And you know what...she said YES!+1 for the Yelp Ninja!Next time, I'll have to work my way up and ask her for a number or you know if she needs a boyfriend or something...LOLOh yea...the yogurt...it was pretty good. Their froyo style is creamy which I like. Btw this is not self-serve place. It's full serve.I'll be back for sure!
<review# 952,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2011,4/2/2012,215,493,,9,4>I love this place! I finally went here for the first time and I want to go back once a week, except that I'd probably gain 50 pounds. I love the old-school look of the place, the friendly staff, the wine list that is quite affordable and the giant entrees that come either over pasta, with a side of pasta or with vegetables. I also like the basket of garlic bread even though it's super buttery and I mostly avoid it.My entree was the shrimp marinara over spinach, not pasta. It was huge and I took half of it home. I also had the Salad alla Rita, which was a fantastic $3 side salad. I tried the fried calamari, which was very good, and also a stuffed mushroom, which was good but not something I would normally order.The service was attentive and great, we spent a lot of time there but still got our food quickly and they were really nice about bringing out the birthday cupcakes we had brought for our little party.I'll definitely return! I may take my parents here when they're in town.
<review# 953,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2011,4/1/2012,139,167,3,4,5>I work around the corner from Cafe Agora, and this is one of my favorite places to grab lunch.  Everything I'd had here has been delicious - solid falafel (can be vegan without the yogurt sauce), yummy baklava, good dolmas, and AMAZING meat, and perfect bread - the kind that is more flatbread than pita (which is my favorite.)  The mixed meze platter is fantastic and can be made vegan.  The small is plenty of food for one person and is $7.99.My favorite thing to get is the Agora salad with lamb.  The lamb is wonderfully seasoned and perfectly tender.  It comes with fantastic dressing, feta cheese, good crisp lettuce and huge piece of that delicious flatbread.  At $8.75, it's comparable to other Buckhead lunch options.I've only ever done takeout, but the service is always really friendly, and the atmosphere is cozy.  One time I came to pick up my food and it wasn't ready yet, so I sat at the counter and they brought me free [delicious] hummus.  I always get a nice greeting when I pop in to pick up my food.  Definitely the best Mediterranean/Greek/Turkish food in Atlanta, and some of the best I've ever had, period!
<review# 954,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2011,3/31/2012,159,524,3,13,4>Apparently Baby Jesus decided that Christmas should come early this year for the residents of the Old Fourth Ward. Thanks to the recent opening of La Mongerie Bakery, we now have the luxury of engorging ourselves with both Mary Mac's fried chicken and liquor filled cupcakes without even leaving the confines of the neighborhood. Food: La Mongerie is a restaurant and bakery with a menu that includes baked goods (cupcakes, muffins, croissants, cinnamon rolls, scones), sandwiches, soups, and full entrees. During my first visit, I opted for three different cupcakes (chocolate, strawberry, and Patron) and one muffin (banana nut). The baked goods certainly weren't the best that I've had in Atlanta, but they were all flavorful, sizable, and visually appealing. I was particularly impressed with the Patron cupcake, which was both unique and fairly well executed; the liquor flavor nicely complemented the sweetness of the frosting and wasn't overly potent. Although they were sold out, I was told that they also offer a Grand Marnier version as well.Service: The service during my visit wasn't incredibly efficient, but this wasn't surprising considering that the place had just opened its doors only a few days prior. Aside from having a few difficulties with the cash register, the gentleman who assisted us was incredibly friendly and eager to please. All food is ordered at the front counter, but ample seating is also available for those wishing to dine in. Atmosphere:  Apparently this location is a satellite version of their main restaurant, which is slated to open in December on Monroe near Piedmont Park. Nonetheless, it's still impeccably decorated, complete with modern decor and a chandelier hanging from the ceiling. They also have free WiFi, so I could certainly see this as a viable location for a working lunch or casual group meeting. Cost: Inexpensive. All baked goods are less than $3.00 and all entrees are less than $10.00. Other: First time visitors may have some difficulty finding this place; its address is on Ponce de Leon, but it's actually on Penn Ave in the retail space below the Camden apartments (in between Nancy's Pizza and MF Sushi). Hours of operation are 7AM-7PM (Sunday - Thursday) and 7AM - 11PM (Friday and Saturday). Parking is not readily available, but your best option is along Penn Ave or the spots around the corner on Ponce.
<review# 955,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2012,3/30/2012,89,423,2,7,8>It's Sunday evening. I've got some work to catch up on before the Monday grind begins, and I'm in serious need of a change of surroundings. I finally settled on Octane, mostly because they were open later than Panera (8pm) and Starbucks (9pm). But when I walked up to Octane, there were people sitting OUTSIDE on their laptops... and it's 40 degrees tonight. So on to my backup - Cypress Street. As I'm driving down Howell Mill I see a coffee shop that's open, looks promising, and not that busy. I took a chance and entered into Urban Grind. Website said they closed at 10:30pm; SWEET! (They actually closed at 9:30pm, not sure why the discrepancy)The barista guy was super friendly and helped me hop onto their free wifi. I ordered a large mocha, and it shortly appeared at my coffee table (yes, in a real ceramic coffee cup) piping hot and ready to fuel me for a few hours. It was super-extra chocolatey. I let the barista know that when he asked me how it was, and he was very cool about my critique. He said next time just ask him to go light on it. Basically in the 3 hours I was there, I started to feel like a "regular" already. This place is WAY cozier than Octane and has the true coffee shop feel: complete with indy music, fresh pastries, and comfy (albeit not the most beautiful) couches. I feel like I landed right inside Central Perk. The only thing about this area is that it lands on about 2 out of 5 on the Sketchy Scale. The sidewalks surrounding Urban Grind aren't really well-lit, and some dude came into the coffee shop and asked people for bus change. But there were enough people in the coffee shop and outside walking around that I felt safe to walk by myself, but still unsafe enough to position my keys between my fingers while walking to my car.Edited to add: caffeine usually doesn't have that big of an effect on me, but I had a lot of trouble falling asleep until around 1am. So unless you're going for an all-nighter, stick with the small sizes and less caffeinated beverages.
<review# 956,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2011,3/29/2012,427,432,11,5,6>me: (sees girl pinching my friend's ass) "are you suuure that was a girl?"pinched-ass guy: "nope. noo clue."Love it. I'm not gonna lie... there might be a somewhat positive correlation between me drinking a partial gallon of Sailor Jerry's and my extreme amusement of this place, but still. 5 stars all around.5 freaking stars. and why not? This place has everything you need. NO COVER, an a-mazing drag show, banging music, banging people (literally, I thought a porn was about to break-out), super friendly people all around and a massively good time. Definitely a good party destination in Midtown, even if you are not gay. Seriously, my female friend got more winks at Blakes than she's ever gotten at a night club... and my super muscular [straight] friend (who THIS time did not show up with his girlfriend completely wrapped around his arm) not only got booty-shaken by an overly-affectionate drag queen, but he also got his junk squeezed. Hard. Shock value? Yes. Amusement value: Double Yes.Deep down inside [no pun intended] I know he enjoyed it. lolCan't wait to return once I am physically able to recover from this hangover and start drinking again.Tip: You can only enter from the back door. Yeah, that's what he said.
<review# 957,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/23/2011,3/28/2012,135,560,4,7,5>This place is absolutely amazing! Lunch is only $ 6.49 (before tax) ... at first with this kind of price, I was afraid it was going to be ONE of those cheap buffets.... But I was proven wrong.. VERY WRONG. This place is off the chain ok? I know the price will eventually have to go up since it is just too good to be true.. First of all, the sushi bar was ridiculous. Now I have eaten some sushi in my time and this place is the bomb! They offer so many kinds of sushi in so many different varieties! Now, I understand that having them Nigiri would have bankrupted this place but they are not skimpy with the Fresh Salmon, Fresh Tuna, Fresh Mackerel ... and one other raw fish they served that I cant remember. They arent skimpy with the avocado and the caviar on top of sushi either... Just the sushi bar alone is the bomb diggity. Now of course they are not serving the flying fish kind of stuff and the other specialty kind of sushi but you got yourself the normal tuna and salmon roll and other things. Trust me... this is as good as its gonna get for that price!Then there is the fried food bar .... i honestly didnt check it out, but by the looks of the kids running around with their fried chicken and french fries, they were all good. And oh, I did try one thing there... Fried Fish ... now usually, fried fish mean fried catfish ... oh but no, not here... it was Fried Salmon. Oh my damn! They also have a few dishes of shrimps ... and their shrimps are pretty big... not those starved shrimps we all know too well haha. The dessert and salad bar is not as impressive as something like Golden Corral, but you really wont even have room for these two things with the amount of meat and sea food they offer in this place. My only word of advise: stay away from the Swordfish ... I was excited to see this kind of fish being served here but it was a total disappointment. They drowned the poor thing with sauce and ugh... just promise me you will step away from the swordfish??They also have a big selection of soup .. 6 - 8 kinds of soup! They have the regular Egg Drop soup, Wonton Soup, then a few others that I quickly missed because I was too busy checking out all the other sea food in this joint. This place truly delivers. I honestly think they can easily shut down a few restaurants around douglasville with the quality and the price of food. The service is, let's be realistic -- this is more like a Chinese restaurant in a sense --- this is not Red Lobster or Applebees, get my drift? --- but they were nice and worked fast. My drink never went empty and my plates were all removed courteously and on point .... so Im happy.The decor of this place is also quite impressive. Like I said, sooner or later, this place will have to up their price because $6.50 for lunch is just far too cheap. so you guys better hop on it while the food is still fresh and the prices still affordable. Im coming back this weekend and taking my hubby for lunch. You should go too.
<review# 958,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2012,3/27/2012,112,91,3,9,5>This was my first visit to this spot and I must say I was very impressed.  It is definitely a great location to send friends or family visiting from out of town or just a  nice place for friends to meet for any meal, they serve breakfast, lunch and dinner.  They are open 7 days a week and offer free Wi-Fi, live music, wine tastings, spoken word sessions, open mic night and Live Jazz music on Fridays.  It offers a great ambience with nice decorations with seating upstairs and downstairs.  I love this place, I was greeted immediately upon entering the restaurant.  The place wasn't busy today so I had time to really take in all that it offered.  All of the permits and certificates were posted with very good reviews and health inspection scores(98),  I was seated right away and my order was prepared promptly with great customer service from the young woman who assisted me, she even explain different items on the menu and made suggestions.  She gave me a little history of the place and informed me that they made their own bread for their sandwiches in house.  All of their pastries, cakes, pies, cookies, and donuts are made fresh daily.  I tried the coconut cake and it was absolutely delicious.  In addition to hosting wine tastings, they also offer and sell some very good wine.  Overall I truly enjoyed my lunch today and even the prices are reasonable.  I will Definitely be returning for another visit in the future and I will refer friends and family to try it out at least once.  I like trying new things, so if you want something different but new, then try Our Place Bakery!
<review# 959,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2012,3/26/2012,234,141,7,4,6>Ok Pallookaville, where are you? I want you everyday. Every. Freakin'. Day. I've been dreaming of the best corn dog I've had in my entire life for like a month now. Is there a way these could be stored? Or is there a way that the red beauty known as the Pallookaville truck could travel more? Or just permanently park in front of my house? I need more Pallookaville in my life, damnit. Hey, what about just putting music on the truck and you could drive it around like an ice cream truck? OMG, it would be a perfect world to know that I could have one of your corndogs from your truck traveling through my neighborhood.  *sigh* Maybe I'll see you this Spring...
<review# 960,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/14/2012,3/25/2012,145,240,6,4,4>Truth be told, I used to go to Colonnade often, but I hadn't been back in a good 3 years. The fried chicken is still some of the best in Atlanta, as evidenced by the recent Creative Loafing fried bird throwdown, but the sides were lacking this go-round.The mac is  wack. They used to have some great mac and cheese at Colonnade but this tasted of powdered cheese and came out orange.  The yeast rolls are phenomenal and the crowd is the same as always - old, white, and southern as all get out.
<review# 961,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2011,3/24/2012,122,259,6,5,6>Yessssss!  I'm not going to go into details about the insane quest that brought me here, but I ended up at Great Wall after about 4 stops at other Asian markets.  I am obsessed with Greenmax products and me and my friend C. Maria C. had been scouring the area to get our purple yam and black soybean powder fix. I started getting excited when I saw several things that my bff's mom usually buys me.  I had a really good feeling about this place...so many Chinese products.  THEN I turned down the tea/drinks/beverage whatever aisle and saw bags and bags and bags of my beloved Greenmax stuff.  Flavors I had never seen before. Super prices. OMG!!! I was uber excited and made several ecstatic phone calls to all of my friends who could appreciate this glorious find, much to the disgust/amusement of the older Asian guy who was trying to get some tea from the shelf above mine.  Sorry sir.   I will def be back to get all of the random non publix items I like to stock my pantry with.This place was pretty dead on a random Thursday afternoon, and I enjoyed roaming around and looking at yummy treats/future purchases. Seriously, being in there was like being a rich addict in a crack den.  I was super geeked.  Unfortunately, I had just spent all my money on mangosteen and passion fruit at the buford hwy farmers market, so I didn't get any extra produce stuff, but the prices looked good. If they sold my Taiwanese biore shower gel and were just a wee less OTP I would be 100% in love.  Until then, I'm content with about 80% love.
<review# 962,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2011,3/22/2012,37,141,15,9,4>This market is stellar.  I've been meeting my pal for Sunday morning farmer's market dates for about two months now, and I look forward to it all week!  She likes that the market is on Sunday, since she works Saturdays.  I like that it doesn't start until 9:30, so if I've had escapades the night before, I don't feel like a bum for not rolling in at 8 am.  The downside to that, however, is that I end up with sweat rolling down the backs of my legs.  Thinking I'm cute yet?  There is a good variety of vendors here.  We kind of have a routine these days, and it includes checking out the mocktails that H&F Bottle Shop is offering (I recommend the Ginger & Maryanne, Spa Treatment, or Watermelon something-or-other, all delightfully fizzy) and a pretzel roll from H&F, then wandering to figure out where we're going to spend our schillings this week.  We had a delightful blueberry galette one week.  We split some scratch  and dent peaches (perfect for a peach pie, which I then devoured).  There was the purchasing of a vegan chocolate donut, which I heard was delicious.  I bought a dozen fresh eggs from the guy who has a booth with a giant chicken on the front (in case you're wondering, he has raw milk, fresh eggs, and I believe he said chicken) which made fantastic egg sandwiches all week.  (What?  It's hot and I've been lazy.)  If you don't have cash, I found out last week that you can swipe your credit card at the info booth and get farmer's market dollars.  Doesn't get better than that!  The vibe here is lively, vendors are friendly, and there are dogs and kids galore.  If I were 23, I might feel a smidge out of place without a grubby two year old in an overpriced stroller, but at 27, my uterus is just old enough to love this kind of place.  I sometimes even find myself staring at those grubby 2 year olds with longing.  When I am lucky enough to have one, I'll be sure to frequent this market.
<review# 963,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2011,3/21/2012,150,187,5,13,7>An Atlanta tradition for 75 years, I'm surprised there are no other reviews for this place as old this establishment is. I decided to grab something to go being in the area.  I missed going to this place since I haven't been there in at least 6 years.  I was kinda worried I would be disappointed its been so long.  The restaruant is still in the same place located in an old plaza which had seen better days.  I ordered to go so I can't comment on the inside of the cafeteria.  The inside of the to-go area was your typical cafeteria fanfare and such.You can get a meat, two sides, and bread for $6.75.  The food looked so good and mouthwatering it took me a bit to decide on what to order.  Yep, this is the old S&S I remember from my youth.   I finally chose the baked chicken, mac & cheese, and collard greens.  I decided to add the dressing and potatoe souffle to split with my mom.  My final veridict, of all the cafterias (the few I have been) this still is the best hands down.  The mac & cheese was perfect and not heavy, the collards were flavorful, and the chicken was nice and juicy.  Okay, okay, everything was really really good.   I will definately be coming back again and adding in the dessert next time.
<review# 964,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2011,3/20/2012,8,177,2,7,3>Chicken and the EggI had the pleasure of eating here on Saturday night, it was my first visit to the restaurant after it opened.  The concept is really interesting, called "Modern Farmstead Fare".  The best way to describe the food is a much higher end version of the food you'd get at a family style farmhouse restaurant.  The highlights of the meal included the corn muffins, short ribs, au-gratin potatoes, and banana pudding.   All those items were really outstanding.  The potatoes served in a hot cast-iron dish were out of this world.My only suggestion is the restaurant needs to get its menu online - many of the dishes were items I haven't seen before and it would have been nice spending some time deciding what to order before  going into the restaurant.I look forward to coming back here!
<review# 965,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/18/2011,3/19/2012,105,104,4,4,7>I grabbed a panini today from these fellas while they were camped out at King Plow Arts.  The menu had about a dozen tasty options (including the aforementioned "Hipster").  I too was tempted by the butter/fruit/bacon combo (you had me at bacon, i often say), but ultimately decided on the Croque Monseur.  This sammy, while small, is gooey and delicious, with ham, melted cheese and white mustard.  You had me at ham is practically the same, anyway.I would agree that the serving is modest at $8.50.  Each panini includes chips (Ruffles are the only option), but it's the kids brown-bag 1oz size.  I did not have the same experience with the bread taste as Emily, but do worry about my hunger pangs in an hour as i finish my meal.  A diet coke rounded out my order, and i noticed everything from grape soda to a lone Capri Sun in the cooler.  How 'bout some Coke Zero for the dudes y'all?While I have no idea what the costs are for a food truck, I'm willing to overpay by 1-2 dollars to support a local business and help them get on their wheels (pun!).Service was quick and friendly and I'd gladly patron this truck again.  (So long as i know dinner isn't too far down the road.)My Recos as they develop their biz?-Bigger Sandwiches!-A baked chip option-More drink options would be swellOtherwise, a splendid experience.
<review# 966,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/1/2011,3/18/2012,21,110,4,5,3>I finally stopped here for coffee this morning and was not disappointed!  They open at 7AM which is my problem since I'm off to work way before that.  But today with a few errands to run before work, the timing couldn't be better.  As you walk in you notice that it is not just a coffee stop but as the name portrays, a place to hang with friends.  There is a book corner, pool tables and other assortments of table games.Anyway, to the good stuff - the coffee, I ask if they have a dark roast coffee and the guy responds, "Yes, we have a Sumatra, that is darker than the Dancing Goats on brew".  I pause and my brain shouts, "SCORE! Dancing Goats!"  I tell the guy humbly I'll take the Dancing Goats and he proceeds to make it.  As I pay the owner walks up and mentions to me that with the recent driveway addition they are starting a "Drive thru by Tweet" service from 7:00-9:30AM, where prior to leaving your house you can Tweet them (@TWSCnFDriveUp) with your order, arrival time, cash or charge and vehicle type and they will meet you by the patio with your order.Highly recommend the place.  Great experience, great coffee and now drive up service.  Plus you're supporting local business.  If you're getting morning coffee after 7AM, you must come here!
<review# 967,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2011,3/17/2012,27,81,3,6,5>Yes, yes. I know. This place is new.  I'd like to share briefly but from the deepest part of my heart that even for a new place, this joint is well worth a trip and 5-Stars.  While riding through the drive-through lane that they have (it's got a single table for two inside,  but that's still quite alright by me!) I noticed that the menu was simple to read and the prices were fair.  What's more that I particularly took note of was the friendliness of the staff! How often as a passenger do you get acknowledged when it comes to drive-through?  Not something you think of often, huh?  I know! But so there I am being quiet and looking over the menu and the barista is patiently awaiting my friend to make her choice. When I saw the Cafe Mocha my eyes lit up and I quietly asked her for that. The barista crouches to look in over at me and asks ''Do you want whipped cream with that?''   And they laughed at my excitement at that! Because I had been talking to my friend, it showed he was taking initiative by personalizing and talking to ME OVER HERE IN THE PASSENGER'S seat and that in itself is a bit special in my opinion when it comes to customer service in any establishment!  Now taste: Oh, ladies and gentlemen you are in for a REAL treat here. I'll keep it short, my friend said that the look on my face was priceless. I have never had a cafe mocha quite this good. This certainly is quite different from what we got going on around here.   Oh! They now have punch cards! Be sure to ask for one when you stop in!   Atlanta, if you are looking for something a bit different on coffee and a great friendly place to get it from, Ellianos is for you!
<review# 968,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/14/2011,3/16/2012,91,100,3,5,3>Stomach: "Oh Hell Yeah! Give me MORE!"I have had Turkish food many times and I have to say that Cafe Istanbul serves it up right. From start to finish everything we ordered was cooked perfectly and very flavorful. We shared an order of Hummus and Lavash bread as an appetizer. The bread lightly coated with oil and spices. Delicious!I ordered the Lamb Iskender and my husband ordered the Lamb Adana Kebab for our entrees. The Lamb Iskender is thin slices of lamb in a light tomato sauce with yogurt, served atop a bed of lavash bread cubes. The lamb was cooked perfectly - lightly char-grilled, and  tasted fresh. At other restaurants the dish is served with plain yogurt, but at Cafe Istanbul is was flavored with what tasted like garlic and maybe a little lemon juice...Wow! I ordered a side of Basmati Rice, which was light, fluffy, and the perfect compliment to my entree. My husband's Lamb Adana Kebab was also char-grilled and had very good flavor. His entree was served with rice and red peppers.The portions on both entrees were large and I had enough for lunch today. The cost seemed a bit high for the location, count on $20 per person, but the food and service proved worth it. Our server was very attentive without being intrusive. There are murals painted throughout and you have your choice of sitting on the floor with cushions or at traditional tables. There is a decent sized dance floor and full bar as well and I will be coming back on the weekend to see the action. I hope that Cafe Istanbul catches on because when we walked in there were only a few tables seated during prime dinner time. If you are looking for excellent service, a unique atmosphere, and quality Turkish food I highly recommend Cafe Istanbul!UPDATE 3/31/12: Went there tonight and was disappointed with the atmosphere and the food. I expected music and a belly dancer on weekends but the music was SOOOOO LOUD I had to scream just to try to have a conversation. Seriously, it was night club loud and no one was even dancing - it was complete overkill. Also, the flavored yogurt which differentiated Cafe Istanbul's Lamb Iskender in the past had disappeared and I was served a plop of plain yogurt - it sounds like a small thing, but it really impacted the overall flavor of the dish. I don't know if they have a different cook on the weekends, but I was very disappointed during this visit. I will be back because of my past experiences, and hope that Cafe Instabul delivers the excellent cuisine that I have come to expect from them.
<review# 969,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2012,3/15/2012,354,392,2,10,7>Every time I've tried to hit this spot it's been closed, but I finally made it in the door with Zack and Rachel E.  and I will be back.Why?The food is delicious and the price is right.  I had the masala dosa (longer than my arm)  and two veggie samosas, and I ended up taking one home because I was stuffed.  That came to ten bucks and some change.They are super aware of what vegans can't eat and made sure to point out things that contained no-no's and made me a dairy free version of a yummy Indian nacho plate Zack and Rachel ate. The people who work there are awesome!  They love the company I was with and treated us like family, making us all sorts of little things to try.  I quickly fell in love with them.I am definitely going to go back soon, I think veggie thali is in my future.
<review# 970,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2011,3/14/2012,187,323,6,15,8>Want to relax and defuse well this would be the best $ 25.00 dollars you will spend on yourself .  This is the second time I have been and have come home Totally Relaxed and ready for a glass of wine & a good night's rest !Upon entering pay the fee and they will hand you a uniform, a toothbrush and a key for a locker. Go into the locker room and immediately take off your shoes find the manager for any questions you might have and be prepared to get naked. This is a place to be a bit opened minded so ladies, throw your modesty out the window  there will be all shapes, sizes and age groups.  The wet areas will have 2 kinds of showers a sauna, steam bath, and three different pools for your convenience. When you are ready to use the saunas put on the uniform & walk into the common area grab a pillow and jump right in. There are signs posted in front of every sauna to tell you what they are good for.  Personally I like to start in the Emerald room and work my way up the wall and then into the middle of the room.  Try to spend 20-30 minutes in each room find the ones you like and go back for more (the Salt & Charcoal are favorites.) the Emerald is perfect for napping .Women swear by the body scrub but have not tried it , maybe next time ? They also have a restaurant haven't tried that either but there were plenty of people eating , they also sell smoothies , fresh juice and ice cream .The fee you pay is good for 24 hrs. so take your time remember your there to relax (spent 6 hrs. both times)  you can spend the night if you want to, and try the reflexology for an additional charge it is amazing . (Buford Hwy is less expensive but this is about convince). For those that want to sleep without the snoring that can take place , there is a ladies sleeping room for ladies only .  Both times I've been have been the first part of the week starting in the afternoons, it is quite , no crowds &  little to no children.  I will be back more often .
<review# 971,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2011,3/13/2012,172,868,4,7,7>Yup, Bob Steele knocked it out of the park again.  This time I went to see Rebekah, as my usual stylist Madelin was booked solid for a month, and my split ends simply couldn't take the wait.  For only $36, Rebekah not only gave me a killer scalp massage, but listened carefully to what I was looking for and examined the inspiration pictures I brought, helping me describe the cut I was looking for (the bangs from this one, the part from that one, the long layers from this one, but not the short face layers like that one).  And then, she delivered.  Not only does my cut look great, she also took the time to give me a really great blow out, possibly the best I've ever had.  And even better, it lasted for two days!  Did I mention she was only $36?!
<review# 972,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2011,3/11/2012,174,396,,7,4>I had a rough day at work last week, so my sweet husband surprised me with pastries from Maison Robert.  Yup, he's a keeper and so is this establishment.He brought me the Caramel Ganache Mousse and Raspberry Orange Mousse.  Both were exquisitely delicious, and totally made my night better than my day had been.  This week, my husband brought me some truffles to try.  I tried the Grand Marnier, Dark Chocolate, Cognac, Cocoa, Caramel, and Mocha truffles.  Yum!  This is some seriously quality chocolate.My husband has eaten lunch at Maison Robert, and I don't remember what he had, but he was a fan.  I wish I'd gotten around to visiting this place while I was still living in Chamblee.
<review# 973,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/25/2011,3/10/2012,214,189,5,9,6>This location of Treat Your Feet offers the same foot massage and body massage options as the other location and their sister venue Spa 18. Unlike the other TYF, however, the atmosphere and decor in this location draw you away from the hustle and bustle of Buford Highway, approaching something akin to the kind of spas you'd find in high-end hotels, complete with fountains, fancy tiles, and unique scents pervading the space. You'll pay a premium for the upgraded niceness, however--the foot massages are $30 vs. the $25 inside the perimeter, and they neither stamp nor honor the Treat Your Feet punch cards you can obtain at the other location. Still, the atmosphere of relaxation and pampering go a long way, so this Treat Your Feet is worth the extra fee from time to time.
<review# 974,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2011,3/9/2012,71,57,5,5,2>I revisited Tacos La Villa to try some of their non-taco menu items and the rating remains at 4 stars.  A co-worker and I went halfsies on a quesadilla and a torta.We got the quesadilla con pollo (chicken) and it was HUGE.  The tortilla was thin, crunchy, and delicious.  I spoke to Tacos La Villa's corn tortillas in my original review.  Stuffed inside the tortilla were a Mexican cheese blend, grilled peppers, and the meat of your choice.  A couple of slices of avocado, tomato, lettuce, onion, and sour cream are served on the side.  The quesadillas cost $5.99.We went with carne asada (beef) for the torta.  If you've never had a torta before, then think of it as a hot Mexican sub sandwich.  The telera roll was thin and soft.  Between the 2 slices of telera were refried beans, lettuce, onion, and just a little bit of Mexican cheese blend.  I'm not a mayo fan, so we got the torta without mayo which I believe is chipotle based.  The torta was good as a result of the good telera and the carne asada.  The tortas cost $4.99. Although I'm glad I tried the quesadilla and torta because they were both good, I'll probably go back to ordering tacos.  Their tacos are where it's at.  I guess that's why the restaurant is named Tacos La Villa and not Quesadillas La Villa or Tortas La Villa.
<review# 975,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/21/2011,3/8/2012,163,191,8,18,12>Im no stranger to working out.  Ive competed in triathlons, trained for bodybuilding competitions, been a member of wall climbing and MMA gyms.... even trained friends on occasion. My hobbies typically revolve around athletic activities.  Why do I mention this?! Simply to point out that I can pretty much tell my body to do whatever I need it to do. UNTIL NOW!!  I have "neeva.... eeevva, evva, eeva" asked my body to do the things I asked it to do in these Fusion and Yoga classes.  Nothing prepares you for what you experience at this place.  Wow!  Speechless!  It's hard work, no lie... BUT I LOVE IT! I feel great afterward and didnt have to take years off my knees from pounding them into the pavement.  I can tell the difference and its only been a few weeks since I joined.Love the gym!!  Canceled my other membership because I actually want and enjoy being here.  The staff is so nice and helpful, they remember your name and really talk to you and get to know you.  It NEVER smells like sweat and arse, you NEVER have an issue with paper towels not being available or equipment being nasty.  The amenities are top notch!! The gigantor rainfall shower heads, a detox room, mouthwash, razors? Whatever you forgot at home they have available for you free of charge!!  It's a spa people!  A spa you can use ANYTIME you want!!  How could you not love that!! My jeans are fitting looser and Im one size away from the goal!!OH! Love the online booking for classes!! No more standing around waiting for some list to come around!!
<review# 976,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/28/2011,3/7/2012,75,299,8,6,6>Admittedly I am not a huge fan of burgers, much less the stacked ones you find at pubs. They make my tiny mouth feel like a moderate disability.I went into Cypress St more for the "nice pub with wooden booths and good, obscure beers" atmosphere. The place nailed it.Then of course we had to try the burgers. My boyfriend got the sublime burger he was om nom nom-ing about. I thought the KFC's idea of using fried chickens as buns was crazy enough, but Cypress takes it to another level. They use GLAZED DONUTS for buns. Freshly made from a donut shop down the street, mmm.But I personally like my main dish and dessert to wait until they are in my stomach to churn and mingle, so I ordered a Cypress burger. Like most menu item named after the place itself (at reputable places), it was a solid choice. My burger was so, so tasty that my mouth overcame the handicap and stretched to an unprecedented size to take the stuff. Oh yeah, the stuff was GOOD. The side fries? Excellent.As good as the foods were, they are an indulgence, a huuuge guilty pleasure. So while I'll be visiting Cypress again, I'll probably be chilling with a beer or two rather than inhaling a stroke on a plate.
<review# 977,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2011,3/6/2012,469,375,3,12,6>After having dined here several times for dim sum and dinner, I can confirm that this is currently the best Cantonese food in Atlanta.  The dim sum and all the dinner entrees are consistently excellent and extremely fresh.  Everything is authentic, really flavorful, cooked perfectly, and beautifully presented.  Even my snarky Hong Konger family/relatives were quite delighted with the food.  For dinner, I highly recommend the ginger scallion lobster, walnut shrimp, salt and pepper squid, gailan, and dry beef chow fun.The dry beef chow fun ($8.95) at Oriental Pearl is definitely the best I've had in Atlanta.  The lobster prices are substantially higher, with fluctuations depending on the market value.  Overall, great Chinese restaurant.  Good for a wedding, lunch with friends, family dinner, dim sum gatherings, etc.
<review# 978,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2011,3/5/2012,1969,871,3,7,7>I know five stars for a polish deli, well let me tell you why! It's the only polish deli in the entire state of Georgia! They order most of the the inventory from Andy's Polish Food Importers from Chicago a place I hold near and dear to my heart, they are located right down the street from my home in Chicago and I've been buying from them for years.If your a fan of authentic polish food and deli style offerings this is a must stop. They have a small restaurant inside the deli open for lunch only is amazing.
<review# 979,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2011,3/4/2012,243,486,7,6,8>Divine, intense dark chocolate heaven. The aroma in the room whisked me back to the days when I was a tour guide at ScharffenBerger, and I felt enveloped in joy. The lab coat lady working there did not share my bliss. Time to try the merchandise, I'd say.I would agree that the prices are obscene, but everyone needs a bit of naughty now and again. Just take teeny tiny bites of your diminutive truffle, and close your eyes...Cheers~
<review# 980,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2011,3/3/2012,209,595,5,10,8>I was in Nashvegas this past weekend and kept meaning to get some hot chicken, but sadly I never got around to it.  On my way home I decided to stop by this new joint and try it out.  It is in the space that was once occupied by the now defunct LeRoys.  I never went to LeRoys so I can't really compare the 2.  I do however remember people bitching about prices.  Curly's prices didn't seem all that bad to me.  I paid $7 (plus tax) for Shay's combo which consisted of 2 pieces of chicken (a breast and a thigh), coleslaw, piece of white bread, 1 side, and a drink.  The side I got was mac n' cheese since I had been craving some cheese n' grease for a while now.   I wish the macaroni had a little more bite, but other than that it fulfilled my craving quite nicely.  I didn't like the coleslaw that came with the combo.  I'm a coleslaw purist (except when it comes to jalapeno coleslaw) and Curley's version had pickle in it, which isn't my cup of slaw. Finally on to the meat of the review; the chicken.  The chicken came out nice and steamy with a perfectly crispy crust that was lacking in grease.  The crust is a bit salty for my tastes, but was still pretty damn delicious. The thigh was much juicier than the breast.  I don't tend to love overly juicy chicken, it sort of grosses me out, but the breast was almost too dry for my liking.  The thigh was pretty close to perfect though, even with the salty skin.  Curly and Shay and whomever else is in the kitchen I will be back once I save up another allotment of calories.
<review# 981,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2011,3/2/2012,1772,1772,8,20,12>The best thing about Seo Ra Beol: it's open 24 hours a day, seven days a week.  I've eaten at Seo Ra Beol twice so far and it's quickly become my favorite Korean restaurant in metro Atlanta.  I've been here at 3 o'clock in the morning for a late night dinner (breakfast?) and I've been here to celebrate a friend's birthday at "normal" hours.The address for Seo Ra Beol puts it on Steve Reynolds Blvd, but you can also enter the restaurant's parking lot from Pleasant Hill Rd.  If traveling west on Pleasant Hill, you'll see a sign for the restaurant on your left before reaching the Super H Mart shopping plaza.  You'll have to turn into the shopping center parking lot well before the Seo Ra Beol sign.  Otherwise, you'll be forced to make a U-turn and come back.Seo Ra Beol is quite spacious and decorated like a traditional Korean restaurant.  It looks nice.  Like many Korean restaurants, many of the tables are semi-private.  Most tables sit six people each.  There are also several private rooms for large groups.  In the common areas of the restaurant, there are TVs playing Korean news and TV shows.  The restaurant is clean and has a relatively new look and feel.  I like the compartmentalized layout.For a 24-hour establishment, Seo Ra Beol has an expansive menu selection.  You can order all sorts of Korean foods here in various incarnations, from BBQ to noodles to soups.  Even though I've only been twice, I've been with a lot of people, so I've had the opportunity to try many different items.  These include:Sul lung tang - beef bone soup with angel hair noodlesGal bi tang - short rib in soupYook gae jang - spicy soup with shredded beef and vegetablesDwen jang jji gae - Korean traditional bean paste soupDduk man du gook - dumpling soup with rice cakeGal bi gui - marinated top grade U.S. short ribs (one of the best ribs I've had)Naeng myun - cold buckwheat noodle soupBibimbap - mixed veggies, beef & egg over rice with hot sauce on sideThe entrees are served with six to eight different kinds of banchan (Korean side dishes).  Overall, the quality of both the banchan and the main entrees are very impressive.  Over two visits, the banchan has consisted of spicy kimchi, anchovies with peppers, Korean jelly (unsure of the name - I think it originates from a nut), bean sprouts, daikon (both in cubes and shredded), seaweed, bracken, and broccoli and octopus with spicy red sauce.  My favorites are the kimchi, bracken, and octopus.  All banchan are quite fresh.The sul lung tang is a milky white soup.  It's a light and fragrant-tasting soup with small slices of beef.  No bones.  The gal bi tang, on the other hand, contains beef short ribs, bone-in.  These are the same ribs used for Korean BBQ beef ribs.  This soup is also light and a little oily.  It contains several pieces of chopped spring onion and a bit of egg.  Both of these soups were pretty good.The yook gae jang is a hearty soup loaded with strips of shredded beef and slices of spring onion.  There are also noodles at the bottom.  The broth is a deep red-orange which is nice and spicy.  Very good flavor.The dwen jang jji gae is a smaller, traditional Korean stew.  It's made out of bean paste and has a very pungent aroma.  It's not for everybody, but many Koreans love it.  If you want to be a little adventurous, give this stew a try.  Because of the strong flavor, it's best to eat it with a side of rice.  The tofu in this stew is quite good.The dduk man du gook is a great soup if you're looking for something light and different.  If you like Korean rice cake (dduk) or mochi (Japanese rice cake), you'll love this dish.  The soup has several meat-filled dumplings, almost like Chinese won ton soup, but not as salty and more refreshing.The gal bi gui at Seo Ra Beol is out of this world.  These are among the best Korean short ribs I've ever had.  These short ribs are a different than the Korean short ribs you encounter at most Korean restaurants.  Those ribs are small and are still connected on the bone.  The gal bi gui at Seo Ra Beol is a different cut of ribs.  The server will de-bone and cook the strips of meat for you at your table.  The chunks of beef are marinated perfectly and the beef is so tender, juicy, and flavorful.  It is really, really good.  You *must* order them if you go!Two basic Korean dishes, naeng myun (noodles) and bibimbap (mixed rice), are done very well at Seo Ra Beol.  The presentation of the bibimbap is done extraordinary well, served crackling on a giant iron skillet.At the end of both meals I've eaten here, we were given complimentary bowls of a Korean rice dessert soup.  Very light, sweet and refreshing, the soup can be consumed straight out the bowl.The service at Seo Ra Beol is above five stars.  It is absolutely excellent.  The best server here is Sarah.  She provided one of the best Korean dining experiences ever.  When it comes time to pay the check, the servers have no problems separating the bill.
<review# 982,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2011,3/1/2012,257,221,6,5,7>I love the Basement Theatre.  I really do.  It's a perfect venue to perform and view comedy.  It's dark, intimate and there is a candy bar.  I never knew how much a stock of candy could add to a show, but it really does it for me.  Way more than vodka.  While I am a standup lover, I have seen JStar (the owner/operator) and others perform improv at the Basement, and they are friggin' fabulous.  They are amazing to watch doing their skits, and they do well with encouraging audience participation. If the Basement served food, I'd give them five stars because that would be perfect, but on the other hand, people are messy and they might ruin this great venue by constantly dropping ketchup and french fries all over the floor.  By the way, the Basement really is in the basement of an office building.  Look for the sign set out near the street on West Wieuca and follow the lighted arrows.  This place is perfect for a single person, couple, or group.  I can't imagine anyone not having a good time at a show. And I mean that.
<review# 983,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2011,2/29/2012,66,158,2,18,10>Went in for lunch on a Sunday.  The service was great, but not all they way up to where the staff were being pests for asking too often.  I ordered the gator bites as an appetizer and the crawfish poboy sandwich as the main.  The gator was absolutely awesome, better than Pappadeaux and even better than some of the places I've been in New Orleans.  The main complaint I have about fried gator is most places cook it until it's a deep golden brown which is overcooked.  This was light golden brown and it had the texture of chicken instead of steak like I've had in the past.  The poboy was good as well.  As far as value goes, for fried lunch stuff your portions are similar to Pappadeaux, but you're getting a little more food for the dollar.  It seems like most of the reviews that aren't happy are going with the steamed seafood, but I always try the fried selections first then give the steamed selections a chance.  There's nothing like it near Gwinnett Place so I would recommend it as something to try at least once.
<review# 984,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2011,2/28/2012,160,534,1,13,3>Well what do we have here?  A new Hibachi Restaurant you say?  I was hesitant to come here because when I saw the place, I thought it was inside the chevron gas station, but no, it's its own store, situated between the Chevron and Mc.Donalds off Lavista road. So what's in the store?I'd be lying if I said this is a huge restaurant, but with "express" in the name, if you expected a couple of tables and a counter to sit/eat at, you'd be right.  This evening I ordered their large Hibachi Chicken entree for $8.89 to go.  The chicken was Juicy, tasty and cooked fresh on the spot, along with rice and vegetables, complete with a Hibachi sauce.  They give you tons of meat and you can select from chicken, steak, shrimp and scallops, but their veggie selections are a little lacking.Right now they only have mushrooms, onions and zucchini with Hibachi orders.  With this said, their friendly staff mentioned they'd only been open about a month, so I hope they include more veggies as time passes (broccoli, peppers, baby corn, snow peas, etc would be a good start).  They also provide a number of sushi rolls and salads.So i'll give express a conditional four stars.  Food is good, portion size is great and the service is fast and friendly, but i'd love to see them include more veggies on their menu.  FYI, they share parking with the Chevron so space is at an extreme premium.
<review# 985,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2011,2/27/2012,787,655,4,9,9>So Every once in a while I  get this itch to cut my hair.. well today was the day. I called to make an appointment but the stylist that usually do "ethnic" hair weren't available. Okay I said a bit disappointed and figured what the heck, just book me with another stylist and have them do a dry cut. Well to my surprise the stylist that ended up cutting my hair was white..and male.In my defense I've never let anyone do my hair that was unfamiliar with "ethnic" hair so I was a bit apprehensive.My hair is pretty fine textured when flat ironed so I figured I'd just go with it.. and I'm glad I did. Kyle whipped my hair back into shape, and although he doesn't do chemical processes like relaxers..boy knows how to cut! The salon was very nice and they do additional services like microdermabrasion, waxing..etc and free parking is available in front and in a garage in back of the salon.
<review# 986,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/16/2011,2/26/2012,102,68,33,20,15>Met someone on eHarmony and, despite your 29 levels of compatibility, want to meet them in a public place to make sure they don't kill you? This is your place. Seriously, I like to sit in the back area with my headphones on, music turned down, reveling in all of the first-date awkwardness going on around me. If that's not your thing, there's always a wine tasting, poetry reading or other event going on. There are plenty of outlets and a solid selection of teas, baked goods and light fare. JM is staffed with friendly folks, there's an ATM, they serve alcohol, and they're open later than any other coffeeshop around.Drawbacks: This place oozes hipsterness, at least in the evening. There is a darling employee who routinely wears jorts and almost single-handedly redeems the hipsters, but I digress. The chai is either tepid and watery or spicy enough to light my nostrils on fire. The last few times I have been here baristas have been pumping tunes that sound like me banging pots and pans together in my kitchen, or there's some sort of Billy Joel meets the Grease soundtrack extravaganza going on. Maybe if they did a better job with the music, there wouldn't be 38 people trying to stream Pandora and clogging up the wi-fi.I'm adding an extra star because the late-night hours keep me here on the regular.
<review# 987,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2011,2/25/2012,349,547,10,9,7>Steady Hand serves superb drinks prepared by true gentlemen. I had to get a hot chocolate after reading on Yelp that it was made with Sugar Coated Radicals cocoa and absolutely delicious. I popped in for a hot chocolate and to study. I was impressed to see how they've rearranged this spot since it was Octane. There's many more tables, and the setup is a lot more efficient. There's also still ample outdoor seating (and outdoor outlets, which only made me moderately nervous with the rain!)I ordered a hot chocolate made with soy. There was no upcharge for soy milk, which is basically my favorite thing in life. The guys working there were so friendly and polite. The ho' cho' was bomb dig, and served with a cute foam art on top. You know how some places' (ahem) hot chocolate is way too sweet? So not the case here. It's just perfect, and actually tastes like chocolate. Bravo.The seats inside were all taken, so I sat outside, which was fine, save for one woman chain smoking with her coffee. (Yuck!) There were tons of ashtrays outside--it would be nice if they got rid of those to discourage folks from smoking, or prohibited it straight out.They have free wireless provided by Ripple, which works just great. There's even a tiny putting green in the outside area. Too cute!Guys, for real, fuck Starbucks. Steady Hand is right in my 'hood and it's my new main squeeze, now and forever. Please don't go away.
<review# 988,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2011,2/24/2012,158,678,,14,6>Once Fork & Screen dropped the $5 Mon-Thurs deal and quit showing newer movies, I knew it was time to find something new. Unfortunately, all of the eat-in movie theaters were far from home and not worth the drive. Enter CineBistro, which at first I was skeptical of after seeing the prices but after going I see that it is well worth the cost. Why?1. 21+. That's right. This location does not allow anyone under 21 inside. No seat kicking, no screaming, no obnoxious teens (we all were one of those once, but geez are they annoying when you grow out of it). WIN.2. Great seating. There wasn't a terrible seat in the house and I love that you reserve your seat in advance! We grabbed a great middle seat and the seats are set up in twos so if you're on a date or with a friend it's easy to sit close and keep your food separated.3. Decent food. I split the meatloaf sliders and full caesar salad with my fiance and we enjoyed it. The hummus plate was also good though it's most likely store-bought hummus. I tasted the deconstructed peanut butter pie which was good but very, very rich. Definitely a share food, and I mean sharing among more than two people as it's incredibly heavy.4. BEER. DRINKS. Nothing more should be said here.The sound and picture quality was also superb. My only issue is that the staff seemed a little lost between the servers and the people taking orders. Servers said we could ask for a second soda as the refill so we didn't have to get up during the movie but it took a lot of begging to get the person taking our order to agree to do it (apparently the servers can't do it themselves). It's also very expensive, but there's a way to save yourself $10 - go to the Costco in the shopping complex and grab a $50 giftcard for $40. If you're a duo and you want to eat you will probably use both cards (our meal + tickets was $53 so we spent $43 total with our savings) but if you're not eating you could get 4 tickets out of that and have $2 leftover for something to eat should you ever want it. It's a sweet deal.Parking can be a nightmare but go down the hill and save yourself the time circling the upper lot. Trust me. Unless you can't walk long distances or up stairs, just park down below and don't burn your gas in frustration.I don't go out often to see movies but I wouldn't mind coming here again. My worries are now gone and I give this place a resounding A+. Well played, CineBistro. Well played.
<review# 989,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2012,2/23/2012,381,486,2,5,6>After Mega Mart first opened its doors in Duluth over a year ago, my parents had heard that this little place in the food court was selling delicious "wang mandoo," which is Korean for "giant dumpling."  I'm usually not a huge fan of the giant mandoo, but there was such a hype about it, so I had to try them for myself.  At $1.99 each, it wouldn't break the bank either!Apparently they sell other Asian food items, none of which I have tried myself, but their most famous items are their giant mandoo.  They have a Spicy Mandoo and also one that isn't spicy, and they are filled with minced pork, tofu, translucent noodles, and veggies.  One mandoo (or two, if you're a big eater) can fill you up, and they are, indeed, delicious!I recall that when they had first opened, Shanghaideli attracted a huge crowd of Asians!  The line would be so long, and since they couldn't keep up with the demand, customers would wind up standing around waiting 10+ minutes sometimes for new batches of the mandoo to be cooked.  You can watch the workers make the mandoo (not your mandoo but for the next batch) right in front of you as you stand in line.  I thought this was pretty neat and initially, the giant mandoo was made REALLY huge.It seems that over time, the "giant" mandoo has shrunk in size.  A few days ago, I went for the first time in probably over a year, and I had a Spicy Mandoo.  My sister, Yoomee H., got the Regular (not Spicy) Mandoo.  The Spicy Mandoo is still really tasty, and it has the perfect amount of heat - not super spicy, but you can still use a cup of water to cool your mouth down.  However, the mandoo it definitely looks a lot smaller than when they had first opened their shop.  Fortunately I didn't have a huge appetite that night, so I was satisfied with one.Overall, Shanghaideli deserves 4 stars for their famous wang mandoo - Spicy or Regular!  Both are really good, and for $1.99 each, it's a cheap and filling snack (or meal, for those who can't eat much)!  I subtracted 1 star because the mandoo have gotten much smaller, but the next time I go back to Mega Mart, I will be sure to stop by Shanghaideli again.  If you're a fan of dumplings, these giant ones are must-try items if you're ever in Duluth![Review 007 of 366]
<review# 990,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2011,2/22/2012,149,218,7,8,4>Mac McGee's is probably the coolest Irish bar that I've been to. I mean, let's face it, the Irish bar thing has been done to death. I would literally rather drink almost anywhere other than an Irish bar. However, this ain't your Miller Lite pitchers and green beer type of establishment my friend. There's no stupid shamrock shaped Bud sign hanging behind the bar or huge flat screen over by the Killians sign showing baseball or something. This place is a true establishment. A destination that you bring people to who don't live near Decatur in order to rub it their face in a taunting fashion as if saying "That's why I live in Decatur buddy, have you seen this whiskey list? Have you ever even tasted this bourbon?". You wanna blow somebodies face off? Take em down to Brick Store and then come over here to finish it off. For a connoisseur of libations, it's enough to start a bromance. Everything you see inside is from Ireland. The bar, the lights, the shelves, the booths.....everything (booze not necessarily included). Even one of the damn bartenders has got an Irish accent. Food is good, booze is better. Whiskey list a mile long and I seriously doubt if they DON'T have a liquor you are looking for. I like bourbon, true story. They have the biggest list of bourbons in Decatur and possible the metro area. Plus, the company I work for has St. Patty's Day off as a paid holiday (it's a long story but concludes with, we like to have fun), and for the first year in a very long time, we chose a new bar to celebrate at(bye bye Limerick, it was real). These guys welcomed us in, gave us great service, and put up with our crap (we started when the bar opened at 9:30am). Mac, I'm coming back, and more often. Did I mention the beer selection? It's awesome too.  Like Scotch?  So does this place.
<review# 991,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2011,2/21/2012,290,172,7,13,12>I am such a fan of this place, and even more so because I finally found good Indian food NEAR ME!!! So long Decatur, which is where I normally had to trek for a decent Indian restaurant.So me and my parents were going to make our usual trip out to Decatur to grab some Indian food, but I didn't feel like going all the way out, so I found this place here on Yelp of course, and convinced them to stray away from the "known" into the "unknown" and boy was it worth it, because they're now ranting and raving about this restaurant just as much as I am.So we get out there, and the number one sign of a good Indian restaurant is.....you guess it....INDIAN PEOPLE eating there!  lol  And there were definitely plenty of our own kind there this day.I love that they have a buffet that offers some of your staple Indian dishes (butter chicken, tandoori chicken, etc), but also has some different dishes as well, to add to the variety of food. In addition, the spice in the food was great, compared to many of the other restaurants I have been to where they tone it down a bit for milder taste buds. This restaurant specializes in South Indian dishes, and even have specials on certain days, such as Biryani day which offers like 10 different types of biryani.I had no problem with the service as some reviews had mentioned, the staff was friendly.Definitely has become one of my favorite restaurants now.
<review# 992,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2011,2/20/2012,35,127,3,9,4>Doug W and I went to the Taste of Forsyth today. There we had our first taste of the Gasthaus cuisine (tasty little schnitzel sandwiches). A guy in liederhosen gave us a coupon and that sealed the deal on our dinner plans for that night.  Firstly, if you are unfamiliar with the wiener schnitzel, start googling it now.  You have been missing out on one of the European continent's finest contributions to civilization.  When you first pull up to the Gasthaus, you will probably be surprised to see it.  It is a small white house on a dumpy section of Hwy 9 near Mary Alice Park Rd. You have possibly driven by this place 100 times and not paid much attention. The inside looked a lot like many restaurants that I ate at when I was studying abroad in Europe: lots of wooden tables, rustic bits of stuff festooning the walls.  Being a lovely night, we chose to eat outside in what i would presume one would call the beer garden.  Frankly, I could have closed my eyes and easily have imagined not being in Cumming but being tucked back in some quite alley in New York City (this is a lovely feeling, BTW).  Martin our server was still wearing his lederhosen and had a long day. We sympathized with his exhaustion and took his recommendation for our entrees (kirsch schnitzel).   Martin did not steer us wrong! Our schnitzels arrived with a lovely cherry sauce, crispy breading, and great sides (spaetzle, steamed veggies, and some sort of potato dumpling). We also had a potato pancake stuffed with cheese and ham as an appetizer.  It was quite tasty. Do try the house dressing (a creamy cucumber dill) as it was delightful. Gasthaus was a great deviation from the standard places around Cumming and the food was second to none.
<review# 993,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2011,2/19/2012,397,329,4,4,4>I like this place. There isn't a huge selection of flavors but the flavors that they do have are good.  At 43 cents/oz, it's pretty average compared to other froyo places. The yogurt here is nice and tart, just the way I like my froyo. What really made me a fan of this place is what happened today. I purchased my yogurt then found out after that they had white chocolate chips, (it wasn't put out with the other toppings).  Instead of making me pay for the chips, the cashier let me top my yogurt with chips for free! yay!I'll definitely be coming back. Make sure you get the punch card!
<review# 994,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2011,2/18/2012,51,304,,8,6>We spent a week auditioning all of the wings in the area to decide which wings were going to serve at a party we were having.    Since they were going to be served as a finger food and you don't want your guests to be dripping orange goo all over the place, we were looking for a wing that was dry enough so as not to be to messy to eat while standing around and drinking cocktails.  After a week of eating way too many wings, we decided that  Borneo was the winner, hands down.So, we ordered 150 wings mixed between hot buffalo, mild buffalo and teriyaki  chicken. While my preference was for the hot wings, we had numerous compliments on all three flavors.  It was quite a bonus that Borneo delivers so that was one less thing to worry about on the day of the party.  The wings are lightly battered and fried to crispness before being lightly tossed.  So the crispness remains in tact (as opposed to Hooters' wings) while the flavors are great.  We have not tried the other dishes on the menu but we will.  And, I really like dealing with this family business.  Thank you Colin G. for an informative review,  stimulating my interest in Indonesian food.
<review# 995,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/10/2011,2/17/2012,623,717,9,12,10>Yes, I'm a man who is legitimately interested in High tea.  Why should this collection of culinary goodness be restricted to the fairer sex?  I mean, come on: scones, sweet baked goods, sandwiches, and some good tea--what's not to like?  And no, you don't have to stick your pinky out if you don't want to.  So I'd intended to visit Dr. Bombay's for quite a while, and after driving by something like a bajillion times, I finally got to visit and enjoy High tea on a whim during a friend's visit.  And I'm glad we finally got to go.  First of all, Dr. Bombay's gets five stars for atmosphere / ambiance.  This place is comfortable.  Cozy.  Kinda fun.  The back room has some acoustic baffling which keeps it noticeably quiet, and it's decorated with a collection of weird & fun stuff: umbrellas, bird-cages, and one very long, Chinese kite (which I want).  The walls are lined with a veritable potpourri of books.  Yes, used books, which you can buy for $1.  That dollar benefits The Learning Tea, a nonprofit program which educates young women in India.  (There's also a monthly fundraiser for the same program.)  Very cool.  And books are just comfortable.  Besides, if you have a little ADHD going on (like me), the weird and whacked out titles along the wall do make for a good distraction. The patronage seems to be a very mixed crowd: a good measure of counter-culture friends in among the yuppies who walk through the door.  And it seems Dr. Bombay's keeps a very large handful of regulars.  The tea service was very cool.  If it's possible to do a High tea without pretense, Dr. Bombay's does it.  The service was a mis-matched and fun collection of china and silver with tea-oriented goodness on it.  And the baked goods came (of course) on a three-tiered stand which is piled with scones, mini-cupcakes, finger sandwiches and other goodies.  It was delicious.  I wanted to descend on it like Godzilla taking out Tokyo.  Especially the clotted cream on a scone.  Holy mackerel that stuff is good!And the tea (we chose a Strawberry-Vanilla concoction) was also very tasty.  I'll take two lumps, please.  Next time maybe I'll chose something darker and caffeinated.  The only things I didn't like: The "cookies" on the stand were nondescript, and didn't go well with our tea.  (I am somewhat familiar with what a real tea biscuit is supposed to be.)  Plus, if there is any etiquette to the service and consuming of High-tea, it would be cool to get a word of instruction on "the rules" before I go about breaking them.  But overall, I'm glad I finally got to visit Dr. Bombay's.  And I'll certainly look forward to going back.
<review# 996,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2011,2/16/2012,180,357,2,6,5>It was nice to get a taste of the west coast (or far west, to be more accurate) after moving from California, where there was great Hawaiian BBQ. The interior is decorated appropriately to the theme and the patio is a nice place to dine when the weather is nice.I tried the chicken misubi and the spam fried rice. The chicken misubi was good, although it had a little too much rice. I still prefer spam misubi. The spam fried rice was good too (and I NEVER order fried rice), but I would probably get something else next time. Service was really nice, but a bit slow. Waikikie is a great choice to change things up a bit, and certainly is a crowd pleaser.
<review# 997,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2012,2/15/2012,489,857,21,14,13>I hemmed and hawed for a while about whether I should give this place 5 stars after just eating one cake from them. Well, that cake was so good, I just said, "screw it," and decided to give this place 5 stars.I had their red velvet cake. As I got older, my sweet tooth got smaller. These days, I don't care for cakes anymore, and I never liked red velvet cakes. Every red velvet cake I had sucked. And I always considered it a red-headed stepchild of the chocolate cake family. Well, Piece of Cake changed my mind. They showed me how good a red velvet cake can be. I can use every cliched term to describe their red velvet cake: heavenly, moist, delicious, scrumptious, flavorful, succulent, etc.I'm usually cool with having a small slice of cake. Then that'll be enough cake for me.  Well, after I had my first bite of the Piece of Cake's red velvet cake, I was ready to have an entire wedding cake size portion for myself. I could've probably eaten it breakfast, lunch, and dinner. Okay, maybe not. But it was so good. The only bad thing I can say about Piece of Cake is that it tasted too delicious. It makes me crave it and will probably make me fat.
<review# 998,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2011,2/14/2012,777,438,10,12,11>The $2.00 strawberry filled doughnut is one of my favorites. It's not as sweet as the other doughnuts, but it has just the right amount of indulgence for me. Plus, the fresh strawberries is like getting my fruit serving for the day; BONUS. The raspberry filled doughnut is wham bam thank you mam, in your face good. It's the uber high class version of the jelly filled doughnut at KK. I'm just a fan of jelly-filled doughnuts and while this one doesn't seem as unique as the other selections Sublime offers, it's got all I need. Plus it's heart-shaped and if you don't like heart-shaped doughnuts, then YOU don't have a heart.  Lastly, the white chocolate peach fritter is really good as well. It's got generous drizzles of white chocolate with bits of peach and the purrfect bit of light crunch. Although I probably should have gotten just water, I also tried one of their 2 drink concoctions; tea and mint drink. It's a nice sweet tea that leaves a minty after-taste. This place would get an A+ if they had a bathroom inside.
<review# 999,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2011,2/11/2012,244,602,17,7,10>To be honest, I kind of like HD1. Sure, the prices are higher than I'd normally pay for a tubesteak, but unlike some other places who shall remain nameless (but who'll spam your Yelp account if you mention how pricey their dogs can get), I can actually taste every penny of each dog and each topping. So I don't feel like I'm getting ripped off.With its emphasis on dark woods, horizontal lines, and communal seating, the space is part lodge, part Frank Lloyd Wright, and part Gray's Papaya. I've not been when it was so crowded that seating was hard to find (nor was I uncomfortably close to some stranger--yeah, I hate communal tables), because I've usually been for Saturday lunches.The food is tasty. I wouldn't say it was "delectable," since I wasn't delecting so much as tasting. Besides, "delectable" is such an inherently cockpunch-worthy term, I refuse to use it. Let's just keep it at "tasty." I enjoyed the frank and beans since they were punctuated with liberal amounts of bacon and franks. I've had a few different dogs, but I think I prefer the Kentuckian most of all. I liked the toasted bun whereas my dining partner, Cindy K., did not. "Too hard." And yes, that's what she said. I did point out that, if they didn't toast the bun, the wetness of the toppings would soggify the bread. (Soggify is indeed a word. Look it up. Just hold on while I log into UrbanDictionary.com.)I waffle on the waffle fries. Yeah, I'm not a big fan of the maple/sorgum/whatever the hell else went into it topping, and yet I recognize that I still pretty much ate most of it. I also recognize that I'm fat and I eat most everything that's put in front of me. Because I'm fat. (It's the Circle of Life, people!)I do have a few minor gripes. One, no fountain Cokes. Instead, they hand out those dainty, little 8oz aluminum bottles which are great if I was eating cucumber tea sandwiches and gossiping with the rest of the girls from the Junior League, but jesus, I'm eating a chili dog. Give me a Coke in a big ass glass.Two, please provide some wet naps for those who order those waffle fries. After pawing a few, your fingers will feel like you just did a handstand on the floor of the Clermont Lounge. Seriously, the last time my fingers were that sticky, well, they did NOT smell like maple syrup. So, yes, wet naps please.Finally, your bathroom door. Yeah, it's designy and all, but turning the door handle makes me feel slightly uncomfortable. Why? THAT'S why yelp.com/biz_photos/Ysn1 Anyway, I'd give HD1 3.5 stars, but I'll round up because I can see it joining my regular rotation.
<review# 1000,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2011,2/10/2012,458,1067,9,29,23>Here's some more ammo for all those haters who've called me a whore. I live right next door to the free clinic. Like, literally the next building.I swear it was purely coincidental, although based on the timing of my visit I think fate may have intervened. Today is World AIDS Day. Every year it's a time to reflect and bring attention to a crisis that is impacting people everywhere.  This year, for various reasons, it's been more meaningful to me and after some intense personal reflection I decided it was time to get tested.Let's face it - asking for an AIDS test is kind of awkward. Or at least it can be. They do a great job of making you feel comfortable here. Testing is free and they have extended hours Monday - Thursday to accommodate people who might not be available during the day. I am one of those people and I definitely appreciated being able to come after work. The entire process takes less than 30 minutes and testing is completely confidential (you can also chose to remain anonymous).They also provide STD screening, HIV education, along with numerous other outreach programs. Consider supporting them with a donation or volunteering your time. It's well deserved and this is definitely an organization I plan on helping in the future. That's what neighbors are for, right?
<review# 1001,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2012,2/9/2012,149,183,23,3,10>I'm not sure that anyone is ready for what I have to say about Ormsby's.Imagine yourself walking into a lovely restaurant with a full bar of relentlessly enabling bartenders. You're walking downstairs, or as I call it: the Ormsby's Red Carpet. Seas of men in suits who I assume just came from work, or are pretending to have jobs. Ladies sipping cocktails, and gents conversing about their hard days work.You try the food, and are delighted. The bartender asks you, "What would you like to drink?" and you say, "Onion Rings". She or he replies, "I'm sorry sir or madam, but we do not serve drinkable onion rings, but would you like to try one of our new beer cocktails?"The answer is yes. You are pleased, and move on to enjoy a game of pool, darts, or skee-ball. Accidentally, you drop 40 quarters on the pool table. Everyone laughs and pretends you aren't as tipsy as your face says otherwise. Suddenly, your voice grows louder and most boisterous. Hob-nobbing with the sea of suits feels like the first time you bathed yourself as a child. Everything is great, and nothing is wrong at all. I don't always go to Ormsby's, but when I do, I barely remember more than what I just wrote.
<review# 1002,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2012,2/8/2012,213,662,8,7,7>Lately I've been obsessed with blow molds. Right now a flamboyant light-up snowman sits in my living room, his pinky shyly grazing his lips, his feet girlishly crossed. He's part of my winter decor; I wish I could find a bunny blow mold for spring, a butterfly blow mold for summer and a scaredy cat blow mold for fall (actually, Etsy sells those).Church manages to decorate with choir boy and Santa blow molds year-round. They create a warm, vintage vibe that only retro globule Christmas lights and other such seasonal items achieve.It's funny that other people might describe this bar as "hipster," since the people I've met up with at Church are not hipsters at all. I arrived at one friend's going-away party at Church at 12:30 over the holidays, assuming that was acceptable."Y'all are cool, so you got here late," one member of the party commented. Whatever. I prematurely assumed this place would ooze indie standoffishness, but it doesn't. Church is one of my favorite Atlanta bars now because of the:* blow molds* non-smoking atmosphere* upstairs water cooler* nice bartenders*****Quick Tip***** BEWARE PARKATLANTA!
<review# 1003,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2011,2/7/2012,789,691,,10,9>I think Desta wins for most upscale ambiance among the Ethiopian restaurants - plus the food is very good, and service is friendly. We had 5 people in our party, and shared 3 vegetable combos, 1 fish tibs, and 1 ribeye tibs - we had more than enough food. It deceivingly doesn't look like enough food but the effort of grabbing small bites at a time with pieces of injera, and then the injera slowly expanding in your stomach ... you will feel full near the end of your meal. If you're a slow eater, you will feel full sooner. VEGETABLE COMBO - $10.50Best sampler dish since it includes 9 different vegetables (e.g., chickpeas, split peas, tomatoes, lentils, collard greens, etc.). We had a vegetarian in our party so we ordered 3 of these. I think when you're eating Ethiopian (esp. for the first time), the vegetarian combo is a good one to get.FISH TIBS WITH SHIRO - $11.50We got this dish b/c the reviews were raving about it. It's probably their signature & most popular dish. The sauce was the best part. This dish has tilapia marinated in a special blend of houses spices, onions, tomatoes, and peppers layered over shiro. I loved the garlicky flavor. RIBEYE TIBS - $12Everyone else (minus the vegetarian of course) liked this dish - I thought it was just ok. The sauce with the fish tibs was much much better. This dish has prime ribeye sauteed in a special blend of house spices, onions, tomatoes, peppers, and Ethiopian butter, with a house salad. GOULDER BOL - $24We also tried a bottle of Ethiopian dry red wine - b/c we were curious. It had a smoky flavor and interesting after-taste. Probably wouldn't get this again.Overall 4 stars. I'd definitely come back - next time with all-meat eaters just b/c I would like to try more of the non-vegetarian dishes (after all, we did get the same 3 vegetable combos) :) FYI - I recommend making reservations b/c the place isn't that big, and it was packed when we went.
<review# 1004,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2011,2/6/2012,84,115,14,15,7>Wow! I love this place!! Unpretentious is probably the most over used word to describe this place, but its absolutely true. People on t-shirts and flip flops just having a good time. This thread yelp.com/topic/atlanta-d definitely inspired me to have a little interracial action and it didn't disappoint! This place is where all the hot brothas of Atlanta come out and play on a Friday night, and whoa was I glad to be there! Tips:-Although people are wearing T-Shirt, don't dress down. Wear what your comfortable in, if that is heels (it is for me) then by golly wear it! My friends totally told me to wear a t-shirt and I wasn't happy! Wear your best, a lot of poeple there do!-If you have long hair, bring a hair tie, it will get hot and you will need it!-Please people bring cash! I know this is a known fact, but there are STILL people that are like "Oh they probably take cards now" NO THEY DON'T!-Bring a lot of 1's because drinks are $5 and its easier to leave $1tip that way.-Do come a little early to watch the people break dancing, its very entertaining.-Don't take a "small hit" from the random dude near the bathroom. It is probably laced and you will probably wake up naked in a highway.-Get ready to dance! People come here to dance unlike most clubs in Atl where people just stand around and try to look cute. -Have a lot of fun! I can't wait to come back!
<review# 1005,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2011,2/5/2012,392,475,10,6,7>First time ever for walking into the mouth of a giant skull, at least during daylight hours. Tight (read cozy) seating, but sort of a hippie vibe from back in the day, blenderized with Megadeth and Elton John. But, hey, the burger was outstanding, the fries way mellow, and service was comfortingly 'out there'. A good dose of ITP for an old guy varnished with too much OTP.
<review# 1006,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2011,2/4/2012,1424,609,27,23,21>Arrived early today (10:40am) to a pleasant surprise!!!! Ann's Snack shop was open and we were the FIRST customers through the door!!!! "Good morning Ms. Ann, are you open for business yet?" I asked making sure to keep half my body outside (not sure if I could enter). She warmly said "Come on in, your the first customers today" and proceeded to explain that she is now open @ 10:30am because the economy is so bad and she needs some money (she was dead serious) LOL!!! Ms. Ann was sooooooo pleasant today that when she brought over the fries (which always come out first), I had enough confidence to ask her a question that has been burning in my head. "Ms. Ann, can I ask you something?" She stopped and turned toward me fully alert to the possibility of what I may say. Have you ever opened your mouth to say something only to find out you might not be as ready to share as you thought? That's what happened to me when she turned her attention to me and I almost chickened out, but then decided, what the heck... "Well, it's just that I've read reviews about your place and some of the "Cussing out" that has happened here, and I gotta ask if it's true, because this is my 4th time here and I have NEVER seen any incidents. You've always been polite to ME." She looked as with a sigh of relief and said (as she drew a little closer) "Those folks who got cussed out needed to be cussed out" and smiled. It actually made me laugh out loud, which drew another smile from this mostly stern face. "It's not like they say it is when you come here is it?" she asked me. "No ma'am, it's not"... and I proceeded to eat another great Ghetto Burger. THE FOOD REVIEW: My buddy thought the burger was good, but not great. However, MOST of his complaint was that it was TOO much meat and difficult to hold while eating (don't worry, I slapped him and told him to MAN UP), not about the taste or quality. He also thought the lemonade was too sweet, so it put off the total experience. But my opinion is unwavering, Ann's snack shop has the best burgers in Atlanta.
<review# 1007,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2011,2/1/2012,74,132,4,8,2>A few words describe Quoc Huong.  Fast, delicious, cheap and consistent.  I've had the pho here a few times and it's good, but I don't come here for the pho, I come here for the banh mi.   It's always excellent, served quickly and very cheap.  Starting price for a banh mi is $2!  It's hard to top that.  The bread is excellent too.  There are a lot of banh mi places on Buford Highway, this is one I always return to.  Tip of the day, bring some banh mi sandwiches to a Braves game.  (yes, you can bring in your own food) I stopped and brought about 10 last year and it was a big hit in my row.   Nothing says America like baseball, peanuts, beer and banh mi.And if you didn't already know, they are cash only and closed on Thursday.  Don't say I didn't warn you.
<review# 1008,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2012,1/31/2012,220,93,7,8,8>I was elated when my boss suggested Kitsch'n 155 for my performance review.  It's comfortable and friendly and if there's any bad news I can bury my anxiety in a pile of french fries.  When we walked in, I knew I was right on the money.  Any sign of nervousness would surely be overwhelmed by this little diner's bright retro-chic decor.We both ordered the freshly squeezed lemonade.  It was sweet and refreshing and the perfect ratio of juice to sugar to water.  I ordered the grown-up grilled cheese and a side of sweet potato fries.  This sandwich rocked my world.  Havarti, Colby, Jack and Blue Cheese melted over smoky bacon, fresh slices of tomato and green onions crammed between two thick golden pieces of Texas Toast.  Get it.  While your waistline will be pissed, your taste-buds will be all like, "All hail Our Highness, Bringer of Deliciousness!"The sweet potato fries were delightful.  Fried with the skin on and seasoned perfectly, I had to pace myself to avoid stuffing my face in polite company.  Even with the pacing, I finished the generous portion quickly leaving nary a crumb.Next time I need a quick comforting meal and want a little "Tasty Tacky Fun," I know where to go.
<review# 1009,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2011,1/30/2012,144,95,19,13,10>My guardian hair angel who delivered me from the clutches of peroxide. Jessica is a genius when it comes to color.  i mean, actual color. Bold, intrepid, full-bodied color.  This is not a girl you go to for highlights when your naturally blond hair starts playing for the brunette team.  I recently had to have a hair intervention with myself.  I was like, "Self, all this highlights business is wrecking your hair.  Sure, maybe you were blond like, 15 years ago, but now you're just trying to hide all that dishwater.  And it's frying your hair.  Is that what you want, Self?  Don't you want to look pretty?  That shit is straight up straw.  Go and call Jessica and we'll get this all straightened out".  And then I was like, fine. fine. I'll call her.And without hesitation she took me from Vanna Whitetrash to a warm chestnut brown that's shiny and gorgeous.  I wear it down all the time now. I blow dry it. It's SHINY, y'all!  I even wear less makeup because it complements my complexion so much.  Homegirl is keen and fearless.  Not recommended for the faint of heart or those who are emotionally invested in maintaining the same hairdo their whole lives. But if you jump, she'll make sure you land on your feet.  And love it.  Oh: she books way, way in advance.  Expect a two month wait to see her and her adorable dimples.
<review# 1010,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2012,1/28/2012,53,212,7,6,5>I'm addicted. Like smack, I had one taste, and now I'm fiending for my next visit. I stopped in after work to get a to-go order. Most aromatic ride home on the perimeter I've ever had! Scallion bubble pancake: so yum. Comes with curry sauce that doesn't have too much heat to it. Reminds me of roti in Thai joints. Dry fried eggplant: Glad I listened to the other Yelpers about this one. This order comes with enough to feed four people. The crispy outside, the chewy inside, and the tingly heat combination had my ass in the fridge picking at the leftovers for a before bed snack. Pan seared sesame bread: Had a cinnamon flavor to it, and was a nice buffer in between my dishes to reset my tongue to handle more of the spice.Fragrant Beef: Got this dish for my husband who requested I order something "crispy with Sichuan pepper." He was very pleased with my choice. The beef was crispy, and his reaction to the hot and numbing effect of the peppers was priceless. This is a two-pepper dish, so be prepared to handle what you're asking for. I only had a small bite because I was scared of the two-peppers. However, that one bite made me question whether I should put on my big girl pants and eat more anyway.Mixed mushroom with Crispy Rice: This is a soupy dish with lots of vegetables, and you put it over these crispy rice squares. I've never had anything like this before, but, man, it was awesome. The slightly crispy rice paired with the subtle flavor of the vegetable mixture was right on. I can't wait to get home so I can dive into the leftovers. Until then, I'll just have to daydream about that fantastic eggplant and those fulfilling mushrooms...
<review# 1011,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2011,1/27/2012,30,507,15,5,5>When I die from lethal injection because I ran over one of the many running pedestrians on Roswell Road, I want my last meal to be Fat Matts. My first date with my now boyfriend was at this place and while I shy away from wearing food I am eating, how could I resist? The sauce is so good you begin speaking in tongues! The ribs are amazing!! If I could marry them I would. The ribs are not too fatty, have a lot of meat, fall right off the bone and are not greasy at all. I don't really care for the sides but wish they'd make mac n' cheese Southern style but with the word 'rib' in the name, you stick with what they're good at. I have never liked sweet potato pie until I started coming here and now I can't leave without a slice or two for the ride home. Fat Matt, if you're a real person, I love you, call me.
<review# 1012,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2011,1/26/2012,17,20,43,17,13>I recently took a date here. After I dropped her off, she sent me a text message thanking me for "an amazing date". Did the Iberian Pig have anything to do with that?No. No it did not. It was all my stunning personality and charm. In fact, you should never take a date here. The food was so good that I paid absolutely no attention to the poor girl. She could have told me that she was going to lure me inside her home under sexy, false pretenses and then chop me into pieces with a fireman's axe and I would have had no idea. Whatever she said I just nodded along and focused on my food. I'm a terrible person.Here are the delicious things I ordered that unfortunately I had to share with her:- Bacon Wrapped Dates: I mostly ordered them because I thought it would be adorable to order dates on a date. Good news, guys: It was. Sadly, only five of these delights came out and there were two of us. She graciously let me have the fifth date, which was a good decision because if she hadn't I would have flipped the table over in a rage and started rampaging everywhere.- Pork Cheek Tacos: These were the best. Sometimes I think about them and I cry. Is that weird?- Tortoloni: I swear to god I would have licked the plate clean like a dirty raccoon if my stupid date wasn't there. Would it be sad to come to this place alone and engorge myself? Probably. I don't care anymore.- BBQ Octopus: It turns out that octopus is weird. But it was the octopus's fault for being weird, not the restaurant's. It had a strange texture. I did eat it all. It just wasn't as good as everything else. In conclusion, you should eat here but not with people you care about.So now you're wondering, what ever happened to that girl? Did she fall in love with me and now we have a house in the country where we raise our first child? No. It turns out she was a horrible person. Now I'm all alone, writing yelp reviews at 3 in the morning. Oh god what's happened to me?
<review# 1013,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/10/2011,1/25/2012,103,217,6,7,4>I have been holding off reviewing this because it really doesn't need any more attention than it already has. This little shop is so popular that between 11am and 2pm on any given day, you cannot find an empty parking space in the lot or an empty table in the dining room. Why? Because of a new magical food! Ok, not new. Also, only magical to my taste buds. A sandwich called Banh Mi. Imagine this: a freshly baked petite Baguette, the most delicate and flavorful meat you've ever tasted (pork, chicken, even tofu!), thin jalapeno slices, sprigs of cilantro and strips of cucumber to balance it out, and julienne slices of carrot for that extra something. Now, with a sandwich as filling and overflowing with deliciousness as this, you might expect to pay five bucks for it. But no. No, no, no. This sandwich will cost you $2.50. Flat. Even. The end. For five bucks you get two sandwiches. If you're getting it To Go, you can order five sandwiches and get the sixth FREE. That's right. I just said free. For $12.50, you get 6 HUGE sandwiches. You can feed 12 small women OR 3 linebackers with that kind of food! They do accept credit cards (not AmEx), as long as it's $10+. You can also buy yesterday's bread... 3 loaves for ONE DOLLAR!!!! I'll have you know... I'm never buying bread anywhere else, ever again. They also have the most amazing smoothies. Extra sweet. With or without the tapioca balls. I have a penchant for the mango and strawberry. MMMmmmm! So smoooooooth! So. Should you stop by? No! Go away! I want it all to myself! Just kidding. I love sharing the great things I find with others. However, when you see me in the parking lot, and we're both aiming for the same parking spot... you better yield to me!
<review# 1014,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2011,1/24/2012,24,56,7,6,4>What can I say?  I love this place.  I always come after the lunch rush.  It may not be the best ribs place in town according to some, but I just can't   get enough of the smokiness that permeates everything, and how they mix together Texan and Korean flavors is maybe, I duno ... genius? I like the St. Louis ribs which I can eat without any additional sauce, the rub is that good, and are tender, albeit not entirely succulent.  My favorite items to order are the pulled pork sandwich (I can also eat this without any additional sauce), and the Oh-so-good burger.  Man, they are just so tasty!  I don't mind that the sides are small, because I feel the portion complements the main dish in the right amount.  Well, okay, maybe the mac & cheese could be a bit bigger in portion.  While I'm here I like to savor each thing by itself; the tomato and lettuce that comes with the burger, the collard greens, the brussel sprouts, the pickled radish and cucumber, the pickles that come with the pork sandwich.  I feel like I'm eating good, fresh, honest ingredients.  The last time I had such a good pork sandwich, that when I saw one of the head-chefs unloading stuff from the car, I asked one of the employees if they needed help, spontaneously getting up from my chair, readying myself for if they had replied with a, "yes, that'd be great."  They said it was okay, so I sat back down, surprised at myself, wondering what had gotten into me.  Was I really that big a fan already, that I would drop what I was doing, having felt obliged to give them much more than what I had already paid?  Was I about to take this relationship from deep admiration to deep commitment, I don't know?  I guess you could say I have somewhat of an allegiance with this place, so much so, it's possible, as evidenced by my sudden small gesture, that I'd even work for here for free!
<review# 1015,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2011,1/23/2012,157,447,6,5,7>Ecco is my favorite restaurant in midtown Atlanta. There, I said it. I love the interior design, the ambiance, the service, and I simply adore the food. You cannot go wrong with a starter plate of meats and cheese; the Prosciutto di Parma is amazing. The piquillo peppers stuffed with braised short rib are another favorite starter. Excellent small plates are the scallops and the pork belly. The pizzas are quite tasty too, and good to snack on while enjoying cocktails at the bar. For larger plates, I'm totally crushing on the Cotechino sausage, served with lentils and arugula. Our server referred to it as medieval, but in the best possible way. Rustic and full of flavor, it totally hits the spot. My go-to side dishes? The pomme frites with house-made mayonnaise and the asparagus, when it's on the menu.If you haven't been, definitely give Ecco a try. If you have, you know you'll be back for more!
<review# 1016,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2011,1/22/2012,25,83,2,11,7>I always secretly scoffed at people who did fitness boot camps because I thought they were an easy out for those not disciplined enough to work out on their own. I also had this idea that they were half-assed workouts targeted solely at horribly out of shape people who paid a ton of money and didn't really try very hard. So when my wife (who was already in shape) joined FitWit and began singing its praises, I decided to go to "bring a friend day," mostly to show her I didn't need any silly boot camp...The workout completely shattered my misconceptions. It was not a bunch of lazy people waddling around making excuses for themselves, as I'd imagined. It was a terrific group of trainers with a specific and challenging plan for the day, and everybody was motivated and on board. The campers are from a wide range of fitness levels but the workouts and trainers push every person to their personal limits. I ran, lifted weights, played soccer and basketball and train in mixed martial arts so I figured I'd breeze through the 60 minutes 4x / wk. Once again, I was very wrong. Even if you're already in shape, you will be amazed at the strength and endurance progress FitWit provides. I've now done three camps and the results have been remarkable. I cannot overstate how much more pleasant it is to exercise when you're surrounded by the positive, supportive attitudes of trainers and fellow campers.I'm reluctant to sing FitWit's praises too loudly because I selfishly don't want a ton people to find out about it. It's a fantastic program not just for getting in shape, but for meeting people, networking, and just good vibes. They're now in Midtown as well as GP and Decatur. I am stingy with 5-star reviews, but happy to dole one out here!
<review# 1017,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2011,1/21/2012,357,369,28,21,24>:: When You Have An Ice Cream Sandwich Sit On Your Face And You Still Respect It In The Morning ::The only reason I even went to Summerfest this past weekend was to get my grubby paws on one of these jawns. With only 4 crumpled dollars in my jorts [I never have cash], I approached the Dairylicious booth hesitantly.My heart leapt for joy when I came across the $3 price listing.I eagerly ordered the hot waffle ice cream sandwich because there's no point in not doing so.  The friendly woman behind the booth asked if I wanted it "dipped in chocolate."  Wha? Yes, please.  I grew a little worried that the chocolate dipping might require additional crumpled funds, but it was provided at no additional charge.  That's what's up.I excitedly gathered my ice cream sandwich, taking a moment to admire it and to snap dirty pictures on my cell phone before polishing it off like a boss.  It was surprisingly unmessy. I figured the piping hot waffles would erode the cold slab of ice cream quickly but it held up nicely.  The end had been dipped in chocolate sauce and the sauce had cooled to a firm glaze.  It was delicious.  Did I fail to mention my lactose intolerance?  And how I was obviously willing to overlook it for a makeout session?  Yeah.  While I was prepared for the repercussions, there were no consequences because of my dalliance with Dairylicious.  I'm not saying that their ice cream won't make you die a slow death if you share my condition, just that my encounter was pretty perfect.____________________________Aside from the hot waffle ice cream sandwich, they adhere to a stick schtick: ice cream bar on a stick, cheesecake on a stick, and frozen banana on a stick.Dairylicious doesn't have a shop that I know of, but you can find them at various festivals and outdoor events in the area.  You should hire them for your next party. I'll totally go.
<review# 1018,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2011,1/20/2012,338,442,3,5,6>This is probably one of the most "hip" places I've been to this year.  The decor is really something else.  The continuous play of music videos of strangely dressed Korean was forgettable, however. Anyway, the food:Tonkotsu ramen- Tasty broth, not overwhelmingly salty, which is a huge plus in my book.  The broth was also very drinkable, in that it wasn't super fatty/rich, like Umaido.  The few pieces of chashu were not overgrilled (again, like Umaido), and seemed to be of higher quality, having the perfect amount of lean meat to fatty meat ratio. The noodles had chew, but not too much of it.  I drank all of my broth without a second thought.  Solid. (4)Takoyaki- Fried octopus balls.  Yes.  Good.  The texture of the fried coating is different than what you'd find at Shoya or Hayakawa- as it provides a bit more of a crispy crunch upon first bite.  Whether or not you care about that, it basically tastes just as good as what you'd get elsewhere. (4) Chicken kaarage- This was probably the only mild disappointment of our lunch. The texture of the batter was ok, but the chicken itself was rather dry.  I felt like they skimped a bit on the chicken portions, and sliced things a bit too thin, which resulted in the dry chicken.  (3)Spicy miso ramen- The "spicy" element in this ramen basically consists of a scoop of their hot sauce on top of their miso ramen.  The hot sauce adds a different dimension of flavor, but is not super complex or especially tasty.  There are plenty of vegetables in this ramen (lots of sprouts, sliced carrots, onions), as well as some ground pork, which wifey didn't take much liking to.  (3.5)Overall, a great place for lunch, at a decent price.  (Ramen bowls range from $7.95-9.95, which is on the cheaper side)If we're in the area, we'll be back.  Oh.  It gets LOUD here.
<review# 1019,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2011,1/19/2012,352,299,6,11,6>It takes an act of, well, spring time pollen to bring me out of my Yelp hiatus. I yesterday walked out of work to find my yellow-tinged car hosting a party for a few dozen little, green bugs who were chilling on the side mirrors, hood and windshield. Ick! I was not amused.In pure desperation (and with some level of disgust), I on my way home called California Autobuff to see how late they were open. As it turned out, they were closing at that very moment - to be fair, it was already after 6 p.m. I was quite despondent ... so much so that the gentleman on the phone (who turned out to be the owner) told me to swing by anyway.Mercy!A young "buffer" stuck around to do the dirty work, and even the owner jumped in to help the cause. It seemed as though Young Buffer was a newbie, as the owner was standing by giving subtle pointers and instruction. I fully support the education of our youth.The wash wasn't great, but all is forgiven considering they stayed 45 minutes past closing time to rid my life of yellow (pollen) and green (bugs). I'm delighted.Flash forward to this morning when I got a follow up phone call from them, thanking me for my patronage. You're welcome. Thank you.
<review# 1020,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2011,1/18/2012,629,185,3,8,6>This place is ridiculously delicious. The fact that I did a three-peat here in the span of 2 weeks is probably a good sign that you should at least check this place out once. Two of those times were with a friend visiting from NY, who was craving authentic Vietnamese food, since he moved out from CA. This has become my go to spot for delicious Vietnamese food, when I'm craving for dishes outside of the typical Pho fare.The place has been completely renovated from its previous life as Pho #1. The entire interior was stripped down and build back up to look like this ultra classy establishment with a wall waterfall. +1 for that.Everything that I've gotten here has been very flavorful, well portioned, and reasonably priced. Here are some of my all time faves:1. Mi Quang - It's listed under their specials w/o any description and I would have never known if it wasn't for my friend, who could read Vietnamese, ordered it. It's an egg noodle dish, with a bit of soup, chock full of chicken, shrimp, quail egg, green onions, sesame crackers, etc. Basically one of the most beautiful things my eyes have ever seen and my tongue has ever tasted.  (See the photo I added.)2. Com Bo Luc Lac - aka Shaken beef. It's served with a side of fried rice. I went on a weeknight and it seemed like the portions were a little more generous, as compared to when my friend had ordered the dish on the weekend. The beef was tender and cooked well, without being dry. I was seriously considering licking the plate when I finished.3. Bún Riêu Cua - If you love tomato based broths, get this. Bún riêu is served with rice noodles in tomato broth and topped with crab or shrimp paste. Super flavorful and extremely hearty. I like to opt for this when I want a noodle soup that doesn't taste like a can of MSG.As I'm typing all this up, I'm debating emptying my full stomach, just to make a trip out to devour some of Nam Phuong's deliciousness.
<review# 1021,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2011,1/17/2012,474,1389,3,9,10>Katie W and I visited Tamarind Seed after our most recent fitness date.  We parked in the deck, and walked through the building.  At 8 at night, you actually have to get the concierge to let you into that section of the building when you've walked through the mall itself.  Being in our workout clothes, we were actually slightly under dressed, but it was dark and no one said anything, so no worries.  We were promptly seated at a 4-top.  Most of the tables are by the floor to ceiling windows that look out on to Peachtree and 14th.  The decor has some Thai flavor, but in an upscale, rather than kitschy way.  Except for the tuk tuk with the lights on it out front.  You could probably call that slightly kitschy.We started with the basil rolls, which were quite small and filled with julienned vegetables and a few vermicelli noodles.  The sauce that accompanied them was yellow, hot, and sweet, reminiscent of honey mustard with some added spice.  In short, these were not the basil rolls that I'm used to, but the ingredients were fresh and they were tasty, even if somewhat small.For the main, I got the gang phed: red curry sauce with bamboo shoots, eggplant, a few random green beans and green peas, chicken (choice of meat), with some beautiful basil leaves on top.  The whole thing comes in a metal dish atop a candle to keep it hot.  I opted for the brown rice, which was served in its own metal dish.  It was delicious.  Since this is a nice sit-down place with linens, the prices are a little bit higher, and consequently, I was going to try to save some of mine for lunch the next day.  But the combination of the late dinner after exercise and the strong flavors had me eating so fast that when I looked up, I was 75% through the dish.  And at that point, there's not enough left to warrant the take out container and the effort (since it's not enough for a full 2nd meal).  So I just finished it off.  Happy tummy.The service was excellent.  The server remembered my request of water with no ice each time she refilled the glass.  She knew the specials and addressed our needs quickly without hovering.And they do validate for parking in the deck.#Yelp365 - 98/365
<review# 1022,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2011,1/16/2012,216,468,3,4,5>I'll never forget my first experience eating at Woo Nam Jeong Stone Bowl House for a couple of reasons. 1) It was raining like CU-RAAAZY the night I came here, falling from the sky in buckets and reminding me that I really need to put an umbrella in my car. And 2) I had the pleasure of snarfing my first-ever delicious, crispy-crunchy rice and tasty Korean food goodness with the one and only Vanessa T. This second item made the first almost fade completely away. Love me some V! And the warmth of the delicious meal, truly comfort food a la Korean style, really hit the spot.Like other Korean restaurants, you get a plethora of small plates (or banchan) that include little salads, kimchi, etc. Just enough to wet the appetite and prepare you for the HOT stone bowl with the bibimbap. I was actually kind of scared that I'd fry my hand digging into it with chopsticks, it's really that hot. Luckily for me, no fried skin to worry about that time around. But as others have mentioned, that hot stone sure does magic on the rice, making some of it near the bottom of the bowl crispy and crunchy, a nice textural contrast with the other ingredients in the dish. I liked it so much I recently told another Yelper that it's my favorite Korean place in town (at the moment). Must get back soon!
<review# 1023,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2011,1/15/2012,245,510,4,12,13>Ok...ok...so I came back the very next day, sue me.  In my last review I said it would be in no time that Enrico gets this place better than Fritti.  I was wrong, because it is better than Fritti and just as good as Antico.  Now for selfish reasons, I don't even want to tell all of you this, because there is limited space and I want it to myself.  I remember first going to Antico and being the only person sitting in the kitchen wondering where the heck everyone was.  Then the fork and knife crowd showed up and it was all over.  Buckhead?  Gonna be even worse when the word gets out.This time, I got the Fuoco di Napoli which was extreme.  The flavor of the spicy salami was magic.  The char was much better, sneaking up the end crust.  The crust?  What fantastic chew, and that pleasure of pulling it away from your mouth.  Sauce is incredible.  Folks, this is the way you make pizza.I also had the Marinara, and the Margherita again.  The Marinara was just as good as yesterday, and the Margherita was like a different pie all together from yesterday.  Enrico told me he got in a little late yesterday, and I came in a little early, so the oven wasn't to temp yet, which affected my pie.  Understood.  So ignore my previous review.As a matter of fact, I am putting Fuoco #1 on my pizza list.  Not only does Enrico know how to make a great pie, he knows how to treat customers as well.  Good for him.
<review# 1024,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2011,1/14/2012,115,91,7,8,6>I think this place is just the tops.  And while I haven't had the food here -- I hear there's steaks for sale and free popcorn-- I've had puh-lenty of drinks and puh-lenty of fun at the drag shows here.  Now, if you come here for one of the drag shows, be prepared for some drunk Buckhead Betties, or chicks on their bachelorette party, to push and shove ya, so they can right up close to the "stage."  "Stage gets the Seinfeld quotations because it's not so much a stage as it is a space in the middle of the first floor where the queens perform.  I would advise if you're tall, to stand behind shorties like me so that we can both see.  (I don't think so hard to ask...)Anyway, this place gets like 5 stars for kitschy fun.  If drag shows are your thing, I'm sure you'll have a blast.  After 2 am, the place turns into a dance club.One more thing...the area where Burkhart's is like the Bermuda Triangle for gay entertainment (Mixx, Felix, Oscar's) so there's, like, no parking.
<review# 1025,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2011,1/13/2012,129,504,,4,3>Cha ching!That's what I heard when I walked in here.In addition to having the best pizza that I've had in this country, the concept is simple - if you want to come, have pizza, hang out, relax and linger over your food, you've come to the wrong place.The business model is simple - make really good food, have a high rotation of your tables and get repeat customers.  I can't take my family here because of the gluten, but if I am with glutinous folks, I'll come by.Note: he is exploring opening up additional space across the way where there was a food truck in a little plaza.Oh, why not 5 stars?  Dunno - maybe it was the approach that I cite as an advantage above?  I guess I like going places where the experience is part of it, too?
<review# 1026,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2011,1/12/2012,124,182,2,8,4>This place makes me dance ... in korean.I reviewed this place after the first time I went here, but now that I've become a semi-regular, I think it's time I update my review and bump this place up to 5 stars.While there are other Korean restaurants with better quality food, almost all of those places have expensive prices and a very low quantity/price ratio... Every once in a while I'll splurge on some Korean BBQ, but it has to be on rare occasions considering my ginormous appetite.So Kong Dong, on the other hand, is very reasonably priced with good quality korean food that is very filling.  It's a tofu soup specialty house, so that's what you should get here.  The best part is that these specialty soups are all $7.95, which is very very reasonable for the quantity and quality of the food. The meat dishes (galbi, bulgogi) are of decent quality, but you should really go to other BBQ specialty restaurants if that's specifically what you're craving.  If you want a generic korean food experience though, this is your restaurant.The banchan (side dishes, which are unlimited) that they give you are of good quality and you get a large variety of them.  What I also really like about this place is that they seem to switch up the side dishes that they give you, so you don't get the same old banchan every time.  The only consistent dishes are the kimchi (korean lifeblood) and the fried fish, which is a good starter.The tofu soup comes in varying degrees of spiciness, and even "medium" would be considered hot to el gringo.  It comes out piping hot (literally boiling in front of you).  A lot of people are confused as to the presence of the raw egg that is presented with this meal, but you're supposed to crack it open into the tofu soup and let the boiling soup actually cook it instantly.  Most people just leave that egg there because they are confused.The amount of side dishes plus the quantity of tofu soup and rice leaves you pretty full.  However, at the end they also leave the stone bowl of noo-roong-jee (don't know hot to bastardize it into english properly), which is the remaining rice which is stuck to the stone bowl.  They pour water into this bowl and you get a nice little end-treat of rice soup. yay.Finally, the service here is excellent.  There are 4-5 regular waitresses here who all speak english just enough to communicate decently with the large number of non-koreans who invade this place.  They check up on you pretty frequently and are extremely nice.  I don't have trouble ordering but I've seen them help out newbies to korean food on several occasions.  I come here frequently enough that they know me now and even know my eating tendencies (scary) and the people I've brought here before.  They even chit-chat with me.  I'm this close to infiltrating their gossipy korean women circle.In conclusion, eat here and you can also dance in korean... like Rain.colbertnation.com/the-co
<review# 1027,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/26/2011,1/11/2012,81,201,3,16,3>I was invited to attend a Bday party here on Fri, 9/23. It is in the old Mick's location. They have free valet parking and the valet impressed me by holding his hand out so that he may assist me in getting out of my car.  I've been to more upscale spots that don't even do that.I was the 1st to arrive, since the party was actually having dinner elsewhere.  I wanted to try the food here...so here are the entrees:Maryland Crab Cakes - $27, NY Strip - $27, Pork Tenderloin - $20, Creole Seafood Pot Pie - $23, Key West Snapper - $26, Braised Short Ribs - $20, Cedar Plank Salmon - $18, Roasted Chicken - $15, Veggie Lasagna - $12, Chef's Fish Selection - MKT, Chicken Alfredo - $13 (add shrimp $5, salmon $8)They also have apps, salads and a drink list with about 10 signature drinks.  There is an extensive wine list...Frank Ski is into wine.I sat at the bar and ordered, until they party arrived.  I had the roasted chicken, which comes with mashed sweet potatoes and shredded steamed cabbage. I also had a Hawaiian cocktail.  The cocktail had a good flavor but it was VERY weak.  I'm not much of a drinker...hadn't had a drink in MONTHS...yet I could barely taste or feel the alcohol!  My server, Greg was nice...and easy on eyes tho!The party had arrived shortly before my food came out, so I had them deliver it to the back room. Everything on my plate was good!  The back room had a small bar, leather chairs, flat screen TV.  I had Greg deliver my food to the back room.  I sat there eating and chatting and trying hard to ignore the fact that Food TV was playing on the flat screen.  I'm not an ESPN chick but gee wiz Food TV!...I'm sure that would have killed my buzz (if that watery drink was strong enough!).  Apparently, the back room was just a holding spot for us, until the Bday man and his wife that was going to surprise him, were ready.  We had 2 spots in the back corner for the entire party. DJ Tay Rock was on the 1 & 2's giving shoutouts to the Virgo's...yayee yayee & Leo's and most importantly the mention of the NJ crew in the house! YEAHHH!  I liked the R&B that was played in the earlier part of the evening.  Later on, it was like a club!  Shocked me cuz it reminded me of the Shark bar...but on one level! LOL  By the time we left it was after 2:30am!Hey, I'm not complaining because I got to get out and have a good time, since I'm always stuck in the house.  My favorite person of the night was Terrence, one of the security men.  He's one of those gentle giant kinda guys...so respectful and was very helpful.  I can say that the service, overall, was very friendly and I hope that it continues in this fashion!
<review# 1028,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2011,1/10/2012,224,570,1,8,9>I spotted a Maki Fresh employee buying supplies at the Doraville H mart and thought "hmm, this is a good sign". Sure enough, when I arrived at 8:45pm a few days after they opened, I was impressed by the freshness of their rolls (and that's really something when they close in 15 minutes).Oh, did I mention I got there 15 minutes before they closed? Yeah, I got there 15 minutes before they closed. And you know what they said on our way out?"By the way, if you want, you can just have whatever's left in the quick-picks cooler. We have to throw it out every night anyway."SUSHI FOR LUNCH THE NEXT DAY!And I have to say that it was tasty, but the freshness is really worth paying for. (Also, I don't expect that they'll get into the habit of doing that or else they'll have people lined up outside by 8:30pm. Times are tough and fresh sushi is not.) But that sort of generosity made a great first impression on us.
<review# 1029,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/22/2011,1/9/2012,30,127,3,8,8>I was nervous. We'd passed by this restaurant several times. Finally got the courage to come in after a recent trip to India. I thought, if I can handle India, then this is nothing. My only regret is that I wasted so much time before I went here. Butter chicken was amazing. Alo Ghobi was very good. Mango lassi delicious. I am so coming back. Gonna try for lunch. We went for dinner. So so glad I went in.
<review# 1030,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/5/2011,1/8/2012,98,509,4,5,4>Overall a fantastic experience mainly thanks to the fabulous Kellie!We arrived at 7pm on a Saturday and expected to have a long wait or have to eat at the bar, but Kellie found us a table on the patio and we got a great start to a fabulous meal.We started with the Green Eggs and Ham (Pork belly, an egg, and chimichurri) and it was fantastic. Crispy pork belly combined nicely with the creaminess of the egg. The pork cheeks over lima beans was also an excellent appetizer.I had the pork chop and my date had the shrimp and grits. The pork chop had a great smoky flavor with some random bits of bacon on top. Nice dish.My favorite dish was the shrimp and grits. It had pork in it as well (see a theme here?) and overall these are my 2nd favorite grits in Atlanta. The Porter Beer Bar still is #1 in my book!We passed on dessert since we were so stuff, but I can imagine they're fantastic.I can't believe it's only 2 blocks from my house and I've never been here. It's certainly one of the gems of midtown!
<review# 1031,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2011,1/7/2012,45,86,3,9,6>Before being invited to watch Lips Down On Dixie perform live at the Plaza Theatre, I was a complete "Rocky Horror Picture Show" virgin.  Prior to experiencing this spectacular musical, I never saw the film and was forewarned not to if easily offended by homosexual dry humping.  After witnessing the unbridled glory that is Lips Down On Dixie's version of "The Rocky Horror Picture Show," I can tell you that it is one of the GAYEST things that I've ever seen, but it's also FABULOUS!  And though "The Rocky Horror Picture Show" is largely a celebration of gay culture, the Lips Down On Dixie production also features beautiful women juggling their boobs to balance out all the male transvestites.  Seriously, every time that the RHPS film flashed a female nipple slip, I was hoping for a live portrayal of said phenomenon.  :)Every Friday night at midnight (actually Saturday morning), Lips Down On Dixie takes the stage at the Plaza Theatre to perform a live lip-sync version of "The Rocky Horror Picture Show" while the film plays in the background.  But their extravaganza is so much more than that.  Much like the live improv comedy shows that I'm an ardent fan of, Lips Down On Dixie's live version of RHPS is a fun and funny interactive show with an overwhelmingly energetic atmosphere in which the supplemental cast yell out wise cracks, encourage you to dance, and literally rain down upon you.  Also like live improv comedy, the cast entertains you as a labor of love, as they earn next to nothing for doing so.  Ergo, they shamelessly sell candy, shirts, DVDs, pins, and conduct raffle drawings for absurd prizes such as "Hannah Montana" crayons and a pocket-sized Koran.  Yes, really.  But again, the atmosphere is so infectiously vibrant and fun that the audience would get excited for almost anything because Lips Down On Dixie really knows how to work a crowd!Last night was my first Lips Down On Dixie RHPS outing, but it certainly will not be my last.  If you're a first-timer, mention your "virgin" status, and an exuberant, voluptuous cast member will draw a "V" on your forehead and follow up with a kiss on your cheek.  Buy a few raffle tickets, and another woman may ask you to stuff the money down her pants or in her cleavage.  Given that the show is surprisingly affordable, $8 cash or $9 credit/debit, it's easy to fall in love with the cast and want to further support them, especially after you meet & greet them after the show.  Lips Down On Dixie's lascivious antics and crude jokes make them remarkably endearing, and though the big "V" and lipstick imprint on my face were wiped away hours after the show, the memories are indelible.  Bravo!
<review# 1032,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2011,1/6/2012,207,302,3,11,7>Went to Kat's Cafe on a Friday night.  It was pretty cool.  I have been looking for a place to enjoy a happy hour with great drink specials and good food.  I think I have found it.  The atmosphere is trendy like a cafe and small/intimate.  The bartenders (especially Reggie) are very friendly and knowledgable of the menu, drinks and music.  My small group of friends were very happy with the place, $5 drinks that were strong, background music, live music that started at 9p and the crowd.Overall I had a great time.  I would highly suggest going here for happy hour on a Friday night then staying for the live music that follows.
<review# 1033,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2011,1/5/2012,91,277,15,13,13>When we discovered that our beloved Spa 18 was closed for maintenance, we decided to venture over to H Massage for foot massages.  There are no frills here: the décor is very basic (and very pink) and there is just a touch of natural light creeping through the curtains.  Cozy up in an oversized leather chair and relax for an hour without the distraction of a television or loud noise.  The people here will make you feel like family from the moment you walk in-- covering you with a blanket to keep you warm, masking your eyes to help relax you, and giving you a hug on your way out.  If you haven't gotten a foot massage before, this would be a great place to start. They use mild to moderate pressure, so you don't have to worry about yelping when they hit certain pressure points.  Last night, we had a family outing to Buford Highway for foot massages and pho, which proved to be wildly entertaining for me.  "But Laura, my friend from tennis had her car broken into on Buford Highway.  Are you sure this is a good idea?"  At the end of the hour, Big Tom (my dad) was like a broken record, repeating "That was great.  That was great."  I'll be back, and it sounds like Big Tom will be back as well.
<review# 1034,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2011,1/3/2012,144,122,6,7,8>To my favorite place hands-down, bar-none in Emory Village.I always have this strange constant craving for the falafel pita covered in orange sauce. Whatever they put in their spicy mayo sauce is crack. Like legitimate crack. I have yet to go to a sushi restaurant that has a better spicy mayo. At 3.95 its an incredible deal. I love their seaweed salad and always get a side of it for a buck. It tastes just like the kind at nicer sushi places that charge exponentially more. This place is a definitely hole-in-wall-styrofoam-only  shack so be prepared. about three tables and a few other chairs so I'm sure it gets packed and slow during lunch. I normally go for dinner and the wait isn't normally bad at all. Ah I'm getting hungry just thinking about it... Now go, get falafel!
<review# 1035,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/27/2011,1/2/2012,118,224,13,5,2>Couple of things:1.) Salsa bar Nazis.2.) Bomb ass burritos and tacos.3.) Slap yo momma Pastor Tortas.4.) Home away from home.Should you go? Yup, yup, and yup. As a certified Mexican food snob this is THE ONLY PLACE in Georgia I consider to be on the same stage as Californian Mexican, or as I call it "Real Mexican," food.The only reason I can not dish out a 5 star rating is one of the ladies behind the counter lacks a personality, and has a borderline rude attitude, and they have a silly new rule regarding their salsa bar.Some genius, said with extreme sarcasm, got the brilliant idea to prohibit to-go customers from getting their own salsa from the salsa bar. Now you have to ask for salsa if you have a to-go order. And, that would be all fine and dandy if they weren't acting like you were asking for their first born niño or niña with your taco or burrito. *insert WTF face* I mean really since when did salsa become a hot commodity?! No pun intended. It's tomatoes and water for goodness sake. But I digress.....
<review# 1036,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2011,1/1/2012,213,121,6,7,7>my gosh...  sandwich heaven!!  i consider myself a sandwich expert.  my favorite food in the world: sandwiches.  and i have never had a sandwich like sawicki's in my life.  there's currently a scoutmob coupon out there so take advantage soon!  i think it expires in july.  first off, i've tried the veggie, roasted lamb, and the shrimp po' boy.  ALL of them = amazing!!  i don't know what they put in the sandwiches, but i'm addicted.  first of all, the bread.  i've only had the sandwiches on ciabatta cause they were out of the french baguettes one day.  i'm not complaining, cause i loooooove ciabatta, but i would've liked to try the baguettes.  veggie sandwich was surprisingly good.  i'm still surprised i liked it so much.  no meat or meat-like patty inside, just hummus, lettuce, spinach, tomatoes, cucumbers, but man was it good.  the spinach leaves just POP in your mouth.  i don't know how, i've never had a spinach leaf like that.  the only bad part was the bread smooshes the contents out.  makes it a little difficult to eat, but nothing a little fork or finger pick-up action can't solve.  the roasted lamb sandwich - wooooow!  the lamb was so full of flavor, i just wished they piled on more and more.  the greens as always were fresh, organic, and so tasty.  you MUST try this.the shrimp po' boy - booooom!!  the breading on the shrimp was amazing!!  i could eat that shrimp all day.  it also had an aioli on top which was what i imagine drops of rain in heaven will taste like.  another MUST.  i know i used a scoutmob coupon, but i would definitely pay 10 bucks for these sandwiches.  trust me, as an avid sandwich eater.
<review# 1037,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2011,12/31/2011,67,441,6,9,10>"Second Life is a new upscale thrift store...created with the mission of giving homeless pets a second chance at life." They are also my new favorite thrift store in town!Located in the Avondale Estates area, they have great finds in a very well organized store. The selection of funny and ironic t-shirts is great, the clothing is decent quality, and of course there is a well organized pet section! I left with a rocking pair of heels, several CDs, a corndog airfreshener for my car and a wonder woman light switch cover. Join their mailing list or like them on Facebook (someone go do that now, because I just made the number of people that like them 666) for specials of the week, featured merchandise, and flash sales. Make sure you say hi to Lucky the dalmatian when you stop in!
<review# 1038,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2011,12/30/2011,959,890,7,13,13>This was the last bowling alley in Atlanta to have a step and terracotta tiling (all of the bowling nerds should know what I am speaking of).  I know this place has gone under the knife a few times and has changed names, but lets talk our the most recent visit, last Saturday.Me and 2 of my buddies got here around midnight, we were downtown and wanted to go bowling (we boycotted our home bowling alley- the Brunswick in Roswell), so we decided to come here.  We were greeted by a cop at the front door (he was cool), and we able to come right in.It definitely had an urban feel to it, but thats what I enjoy (they were pumpin some sick tunes as well).They have a pay per lane per hour rate, and it changes by day and time.  After midnight on the weekend, it was only $12 per lane per hour!  That was awesome!I like the cough up one shoe to get rentals, good way to remember to return your shoes at the end of your tenure there.The facility is clean and smoke free as well- and the staff were very nice too.The tables are set up in triangles, that each hold 6 people (which is nice- everywhere else I have been the tables seat 4), which you get 1 per lane (they are clearly marked).The lanes had an interesting oil pattern (i was getting some decent spin that night!) and the balls were in good shape.This is a fun place to bowl if in the midtown area, and does not close until around 3A.I was glad I was able to check out Midtown Bowl again- I will definitely come back!
<review# 1039,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2011,12/29/2011,342,294,3,9,8>World Peace Cafe is spreading good karma through their $4.99 special. It's hard to find a great restaurant in the Sandy Springs/Dunwoody area for a lunch under $10 (unless you hit up a fast food chain). World Peace Cafe was a very pleasant surprise.I came here yesterday with fellow Yelper Ivan S. and four hot chicks for our UYE Sandy Springs lunch. On top of making some new friends, I also had my first bowl of vegan soup. The tomato basil was delicious -- just as good as Jason's Deli across the street with no preservatives or fat! For the $4.99 deal you can choose a half-sandwich, soup, potato wedges or fruit so to compliment the yummy soup I got a "cool cucumber" sandwich. Pretty tasty as well.However, I was starving by 3:30 but that happens when your body is used to larger portions at lunch. I'll be back to World Peace Cafe to further my healthy eating habits.
<review# 1040,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2011,12/28/2011,149,289,2,7,4>Overall: Definitely not a 'cafe,' more of a fine dining, hip-chic experience. From the excellent service from every waitress I'd come in contact with, the excellent (and I mean EXCELLENT) food, and wine selection, I'd come here a million times over, if it wasn't so pricey (I'll have to keep this one on the 'special occasions' list, most of the plates average about $22-$26) and a tad out of the way. --Note: this place is seriously tucked away, directly off Briarcliff Road. Once you turn on Zonolite, you'll be tempted to turn into one of the first industrial parks on your left. Don't. Keep heading back, until you see the blue signs that say "Floataway Cafe."Took my mom here for her birthday and let me tell you, it was such a great choice. I literally couldn't find a thing wrong with my experience, it was excellent.--I tasted a little from everyone's plate, so, I can speak about a few menu items:Milled Apple Cider: warm and made with a little bourbon, this is super comfort-foody and great for holiday and cold-weather pre-meal drinking.Grilled Sourdough: this is incredible. I know what you're thinking: its only grilled bread, how amazing can it be? Think homemade sourdough grilled over a wood fire, with seasoned olive oil. You can TASTE the delicious char on the bread. If you're a bread lover, definitely try this.Porkchops - Probably the best pork chop I've ever had, and I've had lots of pork chops. My mom agreed as she kept coming over to my plate for another taste. There was some kind of glaze and/or chutney that they served and it was absolutely incredible. Perfectly cooked, thick-cut.Rainbow Trout - The sig substituted pomme frittes for the baby turnips, but kept the mustard greens, and literally the whole thing was so tasty, so well-seasoned. Roast Chicken - White meat, but so incredibly juicy, it was almost unreal. I couldn't identify the seasoning they used (which was surprising for me, cuz, I know my flavors) but it was amazing.We finished the night off with aforementioned Sourdough Bread Pudding that came with a little bit of vanilla ice cream and was covered in this insane caramel sauce. Foodgasm at its finest.The atmosphere was so cute and so quaint, but super modern and industrial-chic. Loved every bit of it.Overall, I loved this place, all parties who came with me, including my mom, loved this place, and I wholeheartedly recommend this spot for dates, quiet family dinners, etc.
<review# 1041,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2011,12/27/2011,62,94,8,6,5>I should just learn to trust Adam G. when it comes to food.  He said the nachos were amazing. I thought, "Nachos? In a Korean place? Can't be that good."  BIG MISTAKE.  I went with my usual fish taco, which I have developed a deep seated love for at Yumbii, Hankook's mobile operation, and tried their fried pork tenderloin special taco.  Let me just say, even the fish taco completely paled in comparison to ADG's plate of nacho heaven.  These are unlike any nachos I have ever had, and they are hands down the best.  I know you are thinking, "But Blaire B., nachos are nachos, they can't be thaaat good."  These are the holy grail of nachos.  I'm serious.  Get them. It starts with chips (no sh*t, right?), then there is some nice creamy white cheese, tender beef, and crispy lettuce.  But the sauce, ohhh the sauce, that they put on those things just takes them to another level.  Its sweet and a little spicy (which is kicked up with jalapenos).  To top it off is a healthy amount of cilantro.  Even if you don't really like cilantro (blasphemy!), which Adam G. doesn't, it blends really nicely with everything else.  Its one of those dishes you don't want to end, but you also want to hoard for leftovers.  Sadly, I'll have to go back for more.  I only got to have a few bites before I started getting stabbed with a fork for trying to sneak some chips in there...
<review# 1042,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2011,12/26/2011,234,383,5,4,4>Have not eaten here yet but I have heard good things. My experience with the place has been mostly as a late night spot to drink and hang with my buds. If you get here at 11pm, you will see a noticeable change when 12:30 rolls around. Places stay hopping until 2:30am.It gets more congested and the crowd becomes less of a college / post-college crowd and changes into more of a pseudo-ghetto hip-hop art school crowd. The crowd will begin to spill out from the dance floor and spread throughout the rest of the place. The outside courtyard will become more crowded too. But, in spite of the huge crush of the crowd, everyone is generally friendly and cool; the sheer crush of humanity of the overall atmosphere is all good. Great Vibe; love it.Epilogue: My friend David almost got into an altercation here one night recently. Some guy, who appears to go by the nickname "Ravishing" got mad at David.  David can be a little overwhelmingly / overbearingly friendly in an in your face / invade your space kinda way, especially when under the influence of beverage. Anyway "Ravishing" being much bigger than David thought he could impress his friends by challenging David to a fight; bad idea. David is an ex Golden Gloves boxer. David said something like "not in here, let's step outside."When "Ravishing" stepped outside David delivered an open-handed slap to the bigger man's face. The force of the slap combined with the lightning quickness with which it was delivered sent "Ravishing" quickly back-peddling rearward back into the bar. "Ravishing" then grabbed a cup of draft beer, opened the door, and threw it at my friend David (missing David but spilling some beer on him and other observers). David and his friends (me included) were warned to keep away for awhile. Perhaps "Ravishing" is close friends with the owner / manager.
<review# 1043,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2011,12/25/2011,2,18,,17,6>I have been waiting for several weeks to try this place. Spice is in the location where Joe's Crab Shack used to be and is owned by the same people who own Sage Woodfire Tavern just down the road as well as the Peachtree Diner and Northpoint Diner.I've been in several Tapas Bars/Restaurants and this might be the best yet. The menu is extensive and very different. Obviously, from the name, you'd guess that they specialize in brick oven cooking, particularly their pizzas and flat breads (I like the thin crust of the flat bread version). However, their beer list is very extensive with lots of drafts and are not overpriced. Most drafts are $3.95 16 oz. or $4.95 22 oz.. Menu items vary from $4 to $9 and, like the pizzas and flatbreads, imaginative and varied. I tried the blackened tuna, grilled vegetable flat bread and fried goat cheese. All were excellent.I was there the first night they were open and, needless to say, people were still learning their way around but the service was excellent, the food was great, the staff friendly and the atmosphere borders on eclectic. I think this will become a regular stop for me.
<review# 1044,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2010,12/24/2011,95,60,7,5,8>The Music Room is the late night incarnation of Pizzeria Vesuvius (' basement) It's essentially what would happen if your dad starting turning your basement into a cigar room, and then you/ Sister Louisa took over. And it is actually in the basement and does, in fact, smell of rich mahogany and leather bound books, but then again there's a ping pong table and live band karaoke. They do the Vesuvius menu for a hot minute, but this is an entity all its own. The crowd and atmosphere are clearly reminiscent of its sister bar up the street, on weekdays or pre-coed-invasion. Like our Edgewood favorite, it's a place to throw down without getting hit by visors, shocking bar tabs, or the melodies of Nickelback. And if you hit it on Black Tie Karaoke night, your bar tender may sing Whipping Post for you and it may or may not be the jam.
<review# 1045,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2011,12/23/2011,296,419,1,12,4>Sound off! Sound Table!I came here before and loved what I saw and consumed, so I will be updating my review because I was able to throw a 24 person party here. I will be writing my review from that perspective.I was able to get in contact with Darren (the owner) and they were only allowed to do a 20 person party but he allowed me to book 23 people at first and he allowed me to add another person later on. Only thing you have to do is put down a deposit. 5 stars for being able to book a large party.Service was ok. Our server was Patrick (he looks like James McAvoy from "Wanted") was good. Gave us fine dining care but I have more of a problem with the restaurant's management in giving us one server. I felt like my guests and I waited a little bit too long for our drink and food orders. I wish they gave us 2 servers instead. But they did allow my huge party to do  separate checks. 3 stars for service.Drinks were awesome. This time I tried the Moscow Mule (light and refreshing), Fourth and Sand (fruity/citrusy), and Toronto (made with rye, fernet-branca, sugar, angostura-bitters, flamed orange...tasted like a floral, orangey licorice but I liked it). Their cocktail prices range from $7-$11 each. So it won't be killing your wallet and the prices are much better than Prohibition. I REALLY like their cocktail menu and how they are a craft/mixology place. It's definitely my favorite craft bar so far. I can't say it's the best yet because I have yet to try Iberian Pig and the Drink Shop. 5 stars for their cocktails.Food was disappointing. When I first glanced at the menu, it seems like they had ethnic foods with their own little twist to it especially with food items like baby bok choy, oaxacan hanger steak, Chinese pork ribs, lamb meatballs,  and St. Burger. I had the hamachi appetizer, Oaxaca Steak, and Belgian Frites. The Hamachi appetizer came out warm. From my experiences from eating sushi....normally its served cold. Not sure if they were doing their own twist to it and serving it warm. The Oaxaca Steak they served me tasted like it stayed underneath the expo lights a little too long. Yea I understand we have a 24 person party  table, everybody gets their food at the same time and it takes time to cook the food but maybe they can fix that somehow logistically so that we can get our food fresh off the grill.  I also did not taste anything "Oaxaca" about it. It tasted like a regular cooked hanger steak. Belgian Frites were whatevers...not impressed. With fries, you can't recreate the wheel with it. You can get good fries at a fast food restaurant or at a fine dining place. It didn't seem out of ordinary. 2.5 stars for their food.Atmosphere/environment was great. Sound Table has a very trendy vibe to it. All their servers are dressed up nicely. They have a pretty hostess with nice tattoos on her right arm (ask her to flex her arms next time you see her. I did...lol). The lighting was good and the place is nice. A good spot to take friends or take a date to. 4.5 stars for their atmosphere/enviroment.Overall, I'm very thankful for Darren and Sound Table in allowing me to make a reservation with a large party. The food is disappointing and I feel like they need to go back to the kitchen and revisit it. The drinks were amazing. Their atmosphere/environment was great. Definitely a good place to take a couple of friends (or a date) for some drinks. The food is whatevers. Based on the mathematical-average, the star rating for placing a reservation (5), service (3), drinks (5), food (2.5), and atmosphere/environment (4.5), it gets 4 stars. Note it was only because of the high ratings of the reservation, drinks, and atmosphere. If it was based on food....it wouldn't have done very well.Therefore, I would come back...but only for their drinks.
<review# 1046,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2011,12/22/2011,174,174,2,9,5>I'm thinking about moving to Marietta just to be closer to Tassa!  This is absolutely the best Caribbean meal I have had in ages.  As a daughter of 2 Trinidadian parents, I have grown up to love and appreciate our (Trinidadians) unique approach to Caribbean cuisine.  And since it is so hard to find a Trinidadian restaurant in Atlanta, most of the time we eat at Jamaican restaurants.  This is in no way an insult to my JA friends, but it just ain't the same, and Tassa blessed me with that memory.The food here is incredible, and as a vegetarian I love that there is so much to choose from aside from the meat dishes.  The buffet, (which is open well past lunch) is an incredible value under $8 for all you can eat specialty food.  The service is always with an appreciative smile, and the atmosphere is very warm, clean and comfortable.This little gem has been the highlight of my entire week, and I plan to make it a regular stop in my rounds about town!  See you at Tassa!
<review# 1047,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2011,12/21/2011,49,261,8,5,3>I asked what the waiter recommended and he said Sunset Salad.  I thought to myself, how can a salad be your top recommendation?  My friends and I ordered it to share as a side.  It was SO GOOD!!!!  I felt really bad for doubting him inside my head.  We also ordered as entrees: west end cheese steak, cuban burger, and supreme comeback.  All three were absolutely delicious!!!  I am dying to go back repeatedly to cover every single item on the menu!  Because the reviews were so high, I thought there would be a long wait and we would need reservations, so I called ahead.  I asked the woman if I can make reservations and she said there's a large party in the back, so we can only sit in the front.  So I asked her does that mean we can't make reservations?  She said "yes, I will have to say that."  She told me to just come by and try to get a seat.  I told her it's a bit too far for me to drive "just to see."  She put me on hold and then hung up on me....The moral of the story is, aside from the fact that her solution to my question was just to hang up on me, you do not need reservations.  :0)
<review# 1048,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2011,12/20/2011,131,242,2,6,3>newbies + nice operator + guns = yippie ky yay!We lucked out b/c we were waiting for a round to be over when all of a sudden, one of the range operators came over and asked if we just wanted to shoot at targets.  Perfect for beginners!  He was very helpful and nice to us and I'm guessing we were helping him test new equipment at the same time.This is probably the only place to shoot skeet\trap in atlanta and it helps that they're not taking advantage of the public.  Very nice and patient people.  Good job guys!
<review# 1049,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/1/2011,12/19/2011,122,259,9,12,13>I am totally sold on this place!  Mad props to Daniel B. for organizing the UYE...without this, I might have spent the rest of my life driving past this Exxon station, and therefore missing out on a unique spot serving up some amazing Mexican treats.I am happy to report that the food is just as delicious the next morning...I had half of my giant tlayuda left, which I gobbled down for breakfast, AND, their food was just as good today, when I went BACK for lunch with some friends.  Yeah.  I have an eating disorder. So what.  I wanted my own damn torta la india.  The owner is so sweet, and clearly takes pride in her fabulous food.  Today at lunch I had more time to actually talk with her, and as we chatted, she hand rolled out her own fresh corn tortillas.  Hello?  I love that.  And talk about Yelp love...how cute that she rented 2 giant tables for our UYE, normally there are only 3 small tables for two.  Last night I had a tlayuda, which was aptly described as a taco the size of your torso, filled with beans, the meat of your choice, tomatoes, avocado, cheese, shredded cabbage and a host of  special flavor that made me want to holler.  Apparently the special giant sized tortillas are handmade in Mexico, and someone brings them to La India Taqueria 3 or 4 times/week.  Same with the cheese.  Talk about authentic!  Everything I tried was fresh, wonderfully seasoned and made to order (well, I guess the tamales can't be, but they are delicious...and a dollar!) My best advice?  Go hungry and try anything....it's all good!  Who knows....there may be new things on the menu the next time...as when she has downtime, she likes to experiment with new recipes.  Get a cup of  ice cold jamaica (it's not sickly sweet), pull up a chair, and patiently wait for your giant platter of yumminess.  Who knew that the corner of Buford Highway and North Norcross-Tucker Road was a little portal to Heaven?
<review# 1050,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2011,12/18/2011,215,493,3,4,5>I made it here for dinner last week. We sat at the bar because there was space there but I actually think on this particular night we would have had no problem getting a table. I think on the weekends, it can get crazy crowded, though (some friends had a horrific waiting experience this past Saturday but we had no problems at all on a Thursday).I like their cocktail list. I had the Aperol Spritz (or three) because I love Aperol. It was delish - not too sweet but very refreshing.We shared the prosciutto spread on toast thing (I guess it's a crostini) and it was good. It reminded me of the ham salad my mom used to make when I was a kid (in a good way).Next, I had the chilled cucumber soup which had a delicious cucumber flavor and had shrimp in it. It was a great refreshing summer soup. My dining partner had the meatball, which I did not try, but he said it was really good.I had the Broccoli Rabe pizza for my main course which had broccoli rabe, crushed red pepper, burrata cheese and lemons. It was very good, however, I will order the chicken next time and I will probably only ever order the chicken because the chicken was amazing. I got a bite of it, which was generous because if it was mine, I would not have shared it. Any of it.Everyone is really nice, I like the decor, it's upscale but reasonable and parking is like parking is in Decatur. And, yes, it was very loud. I would return.
<review# 1051,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2011,12/17/2011,130,381,2,5,3>I really enjoyed this place.  It's an Italian owned restaurant and you can definitively  tell by the food.It was my first time there but my bf had been before since it's near his house.  You order at the counter and they bring the food to you. You make your own drinks at the soda fountain.  They have a nice size menu with many options.I had a calzone and he had penne pasta with meatballs.  This food was delicious!  The family who owns it was in there with their kids eating, it was a holiday. They were nice and talked to the patrons and played with the kids.They also opened Mexican Pie (I think that's the name... or it's Taco Pie) directly next door.
<review# 1052,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2011,12/16/2011,139,167,7,6,6>Two words: daytime drunk.I had a friend in town and my husband and I decided it would be a good opportunity to finally check out Sweetwater Brewery.  So on Saturday, we went to check it out.  Well, as with any good idea, everyone and their grandmother (literally, in fact: this seems to be a place to take visitors, including family) had the same idea.  When we got close to the brewery, we were greeted by a guy in a Sweetwater T Shirt in the middle of the street and waving at us to go down another street at which point ANOTHER dude in a Sweetwater shirt, also standing in the middle of the street, indicates that we should park on the side of the road.  We get out and then follow the mass of people across a parking lot to the street parrallel and we see a HUGE line down the block.  We're starting to feel a bit discouraged at this point, but this is where the story gets good.These Sweetwater folks are pros.  They had that huge line moving faster than I've ever seen any line move and we were handing over our money, getting our tickets, and drinking beer in no time.As for the beer, well, you're getting delicious SweetWater Beers - 6 for $8.  And it's been mentioned, but it bears not only repeating but shouting from the rooftops - these are not "tastes" these are almost full glasses of beer.  So $8 basically enters you into a contest to see if you can drink 6 beers in two hours (you can.)  And tipping often gets you a little top off (not to mention that it's the right thing to do - so bring extra cash!)There are multiple beer pouring stations, so you needn't go too long without a beer.  Not every station has every beer, so it would behoove you to walk around the place and venture inside from the patio occassionally (even though on really hot days the inside gets REALLY crowded.)  But the inside was where I got my Georgia Brown and my RoadTrip so it was worth braving the crowd.We were too late for the tour, but will definitely be back and might even bother with it next time.  Either way, this is hands down one of the best times and best deals in town.
<review# 1053,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2011,12/15/2011,159,524,7,8,5>I'm not a religious man, but every time I walk into Farm Burger I almost feel compelled to start waving my hand in the air and thanking baby Jesus for this offering of peace. Quite simply, Farm Burger is a clear standout in the seemingly crowded field of Atlanta burger joints.Food: Farm Burger's schtick is the whole 100% grass fed beef bit. I can't say that I'm personally an ardent proponent of "ethical eating", but if this is what grass fed typically tastes like, then show me where to sign the petition. In addition to beef, Farm Burger also offers veggie and chicken burgers, the latter of which is one of my personal favorites. Their chicken burgers are actually ground chicken, which is formed into a patty and subsequently grilled; the flavor is outstanding and the portion is ample. However, the real novelty of Farm Burger is the comprehensive assortment of high quality topping choices (~30+); my personal favorite is the goat cheese, which you're not going to find at any other burger joints in the area. Service: Farm Burger does not have table service; however, the staff is still very visible and eager to please. After placing your order at the counter, they provide you with a number and your food is brought out to you. The wait time can vary depending on how crowded they are, but is typically never longer than 10 minutes. Once you're finished, someone normally stops by to take your plates; an unassuming patron might consider this courteous and efficient service, but what they're really doing is giving you a subtle hint that seats are at a premium and you need to pack up the tribe and get the hell out. Don't get offended, it's just the nature of the beast.Atmosphere: Incredibly cramped and borderline deafening. Most of the tables are also communal, which I'm slowly getting used to, but still consider an overtly invasive concept.Cost: I've paid less to fill up my entire gas tank than for dinner for two at Farm Burger. You're burger alone will likely cost at least $10, including toppings ($1 to $2 each). Side and drinks are also additional. For the most part, my solo bill is normally around the order of $16. Nonetheless, the quality is commensurate with the price.  Other: Unless you come incredibly early (i.e. 11:30 AM), there will undoubtedly be a wait to order. They've also clearly posted signage requiring that patrons order before sitting down, so holding a table is not a viable option. Nonetheless, the staff are fairly diligent about booting squatters, so the wait for seating is never too excruciating.
<review# 1054,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2011,12/14/2011,100,196,5,7,5>Piedmont Dog Park has a bad reputation for being an overcrowded dog park.  I've been 3 times now and have yet to feel claustrophobic inside to park.  What I like about Piedmont is the open space that still feels pretty quaint.  There are plenty of large rocks for human and K-9 mingling.  I like the variety for us to sit on and the dogs to use as hurdles or resting spots to sit with their owner.The park is split into large and small sections which a lot of parks are doing.  Makes sense...  you want the tiny "dogs" to keep any self confidence that may still linger after they're probably mistaken for ugly cats, or large rodents daily.I've decided after a few visits to Piedmont, that although I like other parks around town a little bit better for how quiet they are, occasionally we'll bring our pooch here to have a little more of a social outing.  She enjoyed the border line new friend overkill.  We'll be back.
<review# 1055,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2010,12/13/2011,35,103,18,17,7>I went here for the Skrillex show last night. And I was really frustrated with a few things. Mainly that this place doesn't show up on any app or site. And so I'm adding it to Yelp.Venue: Cool enough venue. They have a big main area in the back, big stage where everyone seemed to love getting on and doing a lil boogie. And they have a great sound system, plenty of bass  which is great :) Also they have tons of lasers and lights which is super fun.  They have a full bar in the back. And smoking is allowed but great ventilation for people like me that tend to have their eyes and throats dried out at other places and are forced to squint and develop a super fantastically unattractive smokers cough.Parking: There is a parking lot like .2 miles past the venue on the right, and its $10. THAT parking lot is for suckers. don't park there. ACROSS the street..DIRECTLY across the street. is $5 parking. :) park there.The night i was there: SUPER fun and cool music. I mean its DUBSTEP..whats not to like. (unless it gets repetitive..THEN its boring. but the DJ was awesome.) Enough lasers and glow-sticks and well...any night is going to be fun. Although it was 18+..so yes. WAY too many teenies and that was ultimately why i left early in search of a more mature crowd. Overall 4 stars is pushing it. I would say 3.6 is a better star rating. Overall cool place that I would go to again if i wanted to be in a place that reminds me of the year 1986 (i was born in 1987 so i have no idea what the year 1986 was like but you get the idea). Actually its like 1986 got in a car accident with the year 1995. All in all. Good stuff.
<review# 1056,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2011,12/12/2011,67,77,2,7,6>Just as the name suggests: simple, unpretentious, appealing.  Reminiscent of an old school corner store, parking is haphazard, lighting is dim and the furnishings, minimalistic. Great atmosphere.Feeling ravenous, I decide to go for it and order the Dolly Pardon plate. Fried chicken breast, turnip greens, mashed potatoes and jalapeno cornbread. I'm not disappointed. The aptly named chicken breast is a mountain of guilty pleasure (and if not the best fried chcken in the metro, its tied for first). The mashed potatoes are . . spritual and the remainder of the sides competent. I can only eat half.Lunch is $11.00, not bad when you consider it was both lunch and dinner.  Cash and checks only.
<review# 1057,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2011,12/11/2011,89,423,1,13,4>A quality alternative to the chain coffee shops.  Everything you could ever want it to be!This is hands down, THE best place to get stuff done. If you need a different setting to finish your work, meet with your group, or just to surf the web, here it is. They have a variety of seating options, including two large tables for group work, some big comfy chairs, bar-level type areas, etc. There are ample wall plugs no matter where you sit.The vibe is great! The place is bright and clean-looking, like they went on a shopping spree at IKEA. But I don't mind...this setting seems to stimulate my brain. And they also seem to be playing the "right" music and at the right volume.Food and drink options are very unique. You'll definitely find something to have. This time I ordered a raspberry mocha latte. It came in an actual glass (i.e. not a paper cup). It was topped off with whipped cream with chocolate chips dropped in... yummmmmm!  Everything I've tried here has been great, although I haven't tried the food. They even serve beer and wine, making this a great spot to de-stress after a long day at work.They will validate parking the nearby garage - so don't worry about finding street parking. Or better yet, take MARTA. You can literally throw a stone from the patio of SIP to the entrance of the MARTA station... makes for good people watching!CONS: 1. In order to access their wifi you have to purchase something, and your code can only be used for one computer- each person who wants to access wifi in your group needs to buy something. Also it expires after 2 hrs, so every 2 hrs you are there you'd need to buy something else. This system is great for them to encourage business, but it's an annoyance for the customer. Luckily 2 hours is usually enough time for me to finish what I need, or if not, my drink is definitely empty by then. 2. In the past they have hosted live bands, which doesn't seem to go with the study/work vibe of the place. 3. Their hours aren't great. They only stay open until 8pm. Seems that they are going more for the work-at-home crew that need a change of atmosphere.I'll definitely be back the next time I need to get some work done!
<review# 1058,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2011,12/9/2011,23,239,10,4,3>I caved, I totally caved.  And in the process I discovered my tolerance for healthy eating is about three weeks.  It's the New Year and promises were made -- exercise more, eat healthier, more veggies, blah, blah, blah.  But, if I saw one more organic baby green or carrot or skinless grilled chicken breast, I was going postal.  What's a fella to do?  Head to the Colonnade, of course, for something fried!  And so I did.The place was jumping at 2pm on a Saturday as I waded through the usual Shady Rest nursing home crowd.  It didn't take long to choose my artery clogging poison -- chicken fried steak.  My mystery meat came thickly battered and deep fried with a bowl of pepper gravy.  And like most portions at the Colonnade, it was huge, like the size of my face.  My only regret?  Running out of gravy before I could cover a yeast roll in it.  But, it's okay.  Balance has been restored and all is right with the world.  Yeah, the Colonnade rocks.
<review# 1059,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2011,12/8/2011,130,170,7,8,8>HOLY SHIZZ WHAT IS THIS MAGICAL PLACE??!This place is THE place for beers, that's what it is! I have never ever seen such an impressive beer collection before, plus they have an entire selection devoted to just Belgian types. Every single obscure beer that I've had, I found here. Incredible. Coming in here makes me want to become a professional beer connoisseur by hobby, it just suddenly seems so appealing and possible with this place!Here's the best part: Do you know really sucks? It really sucks when you go to the store and buy a 6 pack of something that you've never tried before, only to find that it tastes kind of gross. Well, Hop City remedies this problem, by allowing you to mix and match your own six packs! And considering the incredibly large number of different beers, that's a heck of a lot of different combinations of beer!And lastly, the staff's beer knowledge is just completely incredible. They knew all the answers to all of my completely random questions, and they really will try to help you get to know your beers! Plus if you are interested, they also sell all the little gizmos you need to brew your own beer and such.
<review# 1060,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2011,12/7/2011,137,209,6,6,7>Dearest WOW! Food Truck, You are appropriately named. I was hooked when I read about you and went through your menu on Urban Daddy and I'm craving you just writing about you now. The tomato pie called out for me to order it and that's exactly what I did. My mind was blown. I could taste every ingredient and the love and attention given to this was evident in the final product that couldn't manage to make its way to my lips fast enough. Naturally, I came back for more and tried a donut. I fell in love. I don't know that words can adequately described how amazing this little guy was. This was the most moist donut I've ever had the privilege of consuming. In fact, if I was this little guy, I'd be mad at being considered a "donut" because this guy is in a class of its own. Let it be known that I'm salivating just thinking about all of the endless possibilities your menu holds. Until next time WOW! Food Truck- and by that I mean tomorrow. Love, Stacey E.
<review# 1061,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2011,12/6/2011,75,299,4,8,8>You'll make a lot of 5-minute friends here because everyone's really happy off of God knows what. I wasn't quite sure how you're supposed to dance to electronic dance music, but anything goes!This is the place to wear really fun and funky outfits. Black tutus and glow-in-the-dark paint? Bring it! It's not like Opera where you have to dress to the nines. Bright bras, shirtless guys, sweaty limbs are welcome. They have many fans around the dark rooms where things glow and lights flash.Dubstep in the basement, DJs spinning in the main room, 2 bars, and a fairly large, deserted backyard, where people sit around and chat. Thankfully there aren't many creepers who stand in the shadows and stare at you.$5 cover on weekends. Free parking nearby. So why not??
<review# 1062,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2011,12/5/2011,102,68,22,30,22>I used to hate change. If I so much as got a new mailman I would start contemplating hibernation. But Steady Hand has led me to try all sorts of new things, all of them mind-blowingly awesome:-Curry-flavored rice krispy treats via the Good Food Truck-Caramels made with pancetta fat from Sugar Coated Radical that are pull-out-your-dental-work-sticky -Coffee brewed via Chemex or Syphon. It's smoother than Kenny G. -Paying for my coffee from the relative safety of my chair using the Mogley phone app-Listening to Nate Dogg and chatting up a man in a banana suit while enjoying my Sunday morning coffee-Redirecting the majority of my grocery money to my Steady Hand fund-Updating a 5-star review with another 5-star reviewIn sum, Steady Hand bumps up my quality of life index a full notch. I have yet to taste something here that isn't perfect. Bravo.
<review# 1063,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2011,12/4/2011,71,57,7,8,4>Milano Bakery and Cafe is a small Korean bakery located across the street from Pinetree Plaza (Chef Liu's, BoBo Garden, Go Hyang House).  The customer service here is fantastic.  The owner is always there and she is super nice.  I don't think she knows this, but I've adopted her as my Korean mom.The buns here are my favorite in Atlanta and are made in house.  They are never dry and always have plenty of filling.  They are also on the cheaper side being way cheaper than White Windmill but slightly more expensive than Hong Kong Bakery.  However, if you've ever been inside Hong Kong Bakery, you can see why they have cheaper prices.  My only complaint is that the bun/bread selection is limited due to the size of the restaurant.There are a large amount of coffees/styles to choose from and they're very good.  They also serve breakfast and sandwiches here, but I've never tried them.  They look delicious for what it's worth.Don't expect the White Windmill or Mozart Bakery experience when you come here.  Those are large places that cater to the masses.  Milano is smaller and you can feel the love that the owner has for her bakery.  It's rarely crowded so it's a good place to go if you want to enjoy some peace and quiet with your delicious baked goods.
<review# 1064,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2011,12/3/2011,180,357,9,29,11>I went for the first time recently after hearing about Jeju over the past year. It was definitely a change for my usual Friday night, but I thought it was a really unique experience and totally worth a visit. $25 per adult, for 24 hours. We walk in, get our keys for the lockers and our sauna "uniform". After I changed in the locker room, I scoped out the girls' locker room and found a naked bath section (where you wash yourself and bathe in a cold or hot bath), a hip room (I saw ladies wearing bags on them in a room filled with herbs), and a sleeping room (dark room with slots where people slept on mats). I spent most of the time in the co-ed communal area. There's a shallow elongated pool, an eating section, and 6-7 saunas. Each sauna is beautifully constructed and is made with different material, each with a different therapeutic effect. The restaurant inside serves korean food and some American food -although I would avoid that because it's mainly a bunch of fried food. I shared a papinsu (korean shaved ice) and it was a perfect treat in between sauna sessions. There's also a fitness room and massage services for additional pay. I really like the chill ambiance of having no conception of time while I was there. People were just lounging around, on their laptop (free wifi!), and taking naps on the floor randomly. I don't even think I looked at a clock once while I was there. Although I came at night, I didn't stay the night, but it got me thinking, wouldn't this be a cheaper/cooler alternative to staying at a hotel?
<review# 1065,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2011,12/2/2011,160,534,5,4,7>With all the boiling oil, melted cheeses and crocs below your feet, you may be worried that you hooked up with the wrong Dante...nah, there's no inferno here, just a good time.Very unique place that could be a really nice place for a date, what with the fire burning under the oil, and with most tables being for two.  Jazz music is played in the actual boat, which is right in the center of the building, but it's never too loud to drown out your conversation.  Definitely encourage you to wander around, explore, and try to see the crocs.  Oh yea, there's all sorts of confusion about the dress code here....there is NOT one, as I saw jean shorts on kids, athletic wear on guys, but there were well dressed folks also, so come as you are.I'd never had fondue before, so we started off sharing the imported cheese fondue.  Seems like there's more bread than cheese, that or i'm a heavy dipper!  Speaking of the bread, you get dark brown and a white crouton like bread for dipping, along with a bowl of diced apples.  The bread and cheese were great, and cheese melted over apples is such an interesting flavor!  For the main course, we ordered the Mandarin fondue, which came with four different meats (shrimp, beef, pork and chicken), four dipping sauces (horse raddish, thai, something with anchovies, etc) and veggies (mushrooms, squash, bell pepper), and you can just get away with sharing it between two people.  The wait staff lets you know how long things cook (beef, pork, and veggies in the oil for 1 minute, chicken for 2 minutes, but I let my meats stay in a couple minutes over).  The meats were all tasty and in truth, I sprinkled a little salt on the meat versus using the dipping sauces Speaking of the wait staff, our server, Jordan, was top notch, and once he found out I was allergic to seafood, he allowed us to substitute extra chicken for the shrimp, and got us a fresh batch of oil that had not had shrimp cooked in it.  And yes, I did ask about the cinammon to make my toasty bread, but he smiled and said, "You heard that from yelp, right?" before letting us know why they didn't do this any longer (that much oil soaked into the bread can make you sick).  So while it didn't work for me, don't let it deter you from asking!The dessert was just okay (I had cheese cake, plain), and while very dense, it needed more flavor!  Like everyone else, I wish I could've tried the chocolate fondue, but you have to plan ahead, and nope, they don't make any on the weekend.I had fun here, and while i'd probably hit another fondue place first to compare, it wouldn't be a shock to find me back here.
<review# 1066,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2011,12/1/2011,158,678,2,4,6>A good veggie burger can be hard to come by. They are often dry, made of tough ingredients, or have less flavor than a rock. So it stands to reason that I knew I was flying blind when I thought I would give the veggie burger here a spin. It wasn't any of the above things at all, let me tell you. It was moist, it was flavorful, it was absolutely delicious. Yeah, this burger had be screaming YEAH!I got mine sans-bun because I can't stand a lot of bread, and it was cute how they turned it into a salad plate of sorts with the burger somewhere in the middle of all the fresh tomatoes, lettuce, and freshly cut avocado. The flavors blended very well on their own, but the addition of the white BBQ sauce was insane. Packed a punch with vinegar that can only be described as awesome.All I will say about what the boy had - the lamb burger special - is that he was making more orgasm sounds than a porno.I did eat some fries but was so caught up on my burger that I completely forgot what they tasted like. They weren't bad at all, slightly crispy but not overly so with only a touch of a salt, but they couldn't outshine the burger. It's as if everything here is in it's proper place. Burgers first, fries second, and it's all served with a healthy dose of good service and a smile.It does cost a little more than many burger spots, but admit it, folks. You can't get all kinds of fun sauces - FREE! - to go with that sandwich, now can you? I got three total so I could try them out and was never charged. And toppings galore to boot! Oh, it still seems "expensive"? How about the fact that for the price, you're still getting a HUGE burger. It's definitely not meager in portions here, unlike some other burger joint up the street where you pay even MORE for a burger that's the size of a peanut... Why pay for a just a peanut when you can get the whole elephant and it tastes worlds better? That's right, I went there. Yeah! Burger beats Flip by a landslide.Ready to go back again!
<review# 1067,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/2/2011,11/30/2011,38,75,4,5,4>Marlow's is one of the few bars in Tucker (although I guess it's technically considered Atlanta) that doesn't look scary from the outside *coughtuckersalooncough*  There are several Marlow's around Atlanta and this particular location happens to also serve as the hotel bar for the Doubletree.  There are two levels.  The lower level is inside and dark and wooded, a very similar look to all the Marlow's.  The upstairs is a rooftop patio - half of which is covered.  They have bars both upstairs and downstairs.Everything about Marlow's is nice but nothing stands out as particularly spectacular.  The food is good.  Service is good.  it's nice to be outside on the rooftop patio in the summer months, even though it over looks 285.If you live in Tucker, like I do, Marlow's is a great place to have dinner and drinks.  But if you don't live here, there's no real reason to go there.A few weeks ago, they had a 4 square special where if you showed them your check-in, you got a free asparagus fries app.  Not sure if the deal is still going on.
<review# 1068,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2011,11/29/2011,23,133,17,16,12>My favorite farmer's market, bar none. I rate it above Your Dekalb Farmer's Market, but it does have a Latin/Asian theme above all else (due to the area, probably).Cheaper produce than any farmer's market (forget Kroger/Publix). Cheaper meats with a huge selection. Need a gallon of blood? They've got it. Bull penis? No problem. Cactus, lychee (in season), organic produce, 20 apple varieties, bulk packages for restaurants, nuts, yogurt covered pretzels, freshly made (warm) tortillas? They've got you covered. Sections of food, including separated Asian cuisine, because Indian and Chinese shouldn't be in the same section. Live fish and lobsters at less than $10? Yup. Imported Mexican Coke with real sugar from Cuba? Indeed! A wide selection of Greek olives that aren't kalamata, some smoked salmon and pickled herring. Holy CLAMATO! Pre-marinated bulgogi. Kalbi sauce for your short-ribs! No need to drive to Super H Mart for your 50 pound bag of rice -- they have many varieties! Zojirushi for sale to cook that sh!t up! Free samples galore (on Sundays, especially). Need to get your emissions tested? Well happy birthday -- you can have it done in the parking lot while you shop, even on Sunday! Jackfruit, not to be confused with Durian -- both are available. Spices on the cheap. Cleaning products? Jarritos? Fresh sushi? Yes, yes, yes! Sashimi beef for a couple bucks a pound -- I'm in heaven. Mexican snacks, European cookies, Japanese and Korean Pocky. Get your shrimp flavored curls here. Quail egg omelet starts here. And they have an American section for white kids like me to get my cheese slices and hot dogs.It's also an experience. Expect moms with their 4 kids under 10, all running unsupervised. Carts left in the middle of the isle. If this bothers you, stick with your Whole Foods, please.
<review# 1069,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2011,11/28/2011,56,148,6,5,3>Nom Nom Nom... Korean tacos!!! Awesome addition to the L5P area. I never really chose to eat in little 5 before. I used to just grab drinks and snacks at the porter or get really filthy and jam a double bypass down my gullet. Now i can have the best of both worlds with OMG being open. It's a funky place with a lot of street art all over the facade and interior. Seems like they took the taco trucks so popular in L.A. and brought it over to Atlanta. I know they're not the first, but so far they're doing it the best. Wasn't really too fond of Hankook taqueria so OMG was a nice surprise. They have a small menu, but they give options with the toppings. All the meat options are taken from Korean staples such as spicy pork, marinated short ribs, chicken, fish, and even tofu. One of my favorite additions is the ability to add fried kimchi to any of the above tacos or burritos. I swear to god if I still did drugs I would be here all day and night. Fuck Cheetos! I went with a group of 6 and we pretty much ordered multiples of everything on the menu. My favorite was the spicy pork taco and burrito. It's a good mix of a little sweet and spicy. Their Fries were also orgasmic. They topped it with spicy pork bits, lettuce, a cool white sauce, and lettuce. The amazing thing is that with all these toppings the fries were still crispy! Loved it!!!The bar is cool. They have the usual suspects of Blue moon and PBR, but since it's inspired by Korean tacos they also have sochu (soju) available. the bartenders are not afraid of trying funky mixes with them. It's a dangerous mix because sometimes the concoctions are so sweet you slam them down without realizing how strong they are. Trust me...the Sochu hangover is mean bitch in the morning. Now i need a nap....
<review# 1070,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/1/2011,11/27/2011,214,189,8,11,8>I have a few friends who tend to frown on the whole "Asian fusion" thing, the Chinese/Korean-noodle-dish-served-alongside-Thai-­curry-in-a-crepe thing. They're the kind of people who probably insist that any commingling of cuisines will ruin the purity of the food. I, however, tend to stuff any and all flavors into my big pie-hole.  Luckily for my friendships, we can go to Blossom Tree, a relatively new eatery Downtown, across the street from Woodruff Park. Their take on Korean food is less cross-cultural than, say, Hankook and Heirloom Market BBQ--they have the mainstays (bulgogi and bibimbap) right alongside the newfangled Korean tacos, but their execution of both is good enough to encourage repeat business from this Downtown-dweller. My particular favorite lately is their Taco Plate--three tacos at regular price and two of their sides gratis. While most people may gravitate towards the beef and chicken tacos, I'd urge you to try the shrimp taco, with their sides of Korean sweet potatoes and dumplings. Mmm, boy!
<review# 1071,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2011,11/26/2011,47,124,,9,8>I have been going to Laura for about 6 months now and my hair is in so much better shape!  I walked into her salon with damaged / brittle hair that had been over-processed.  I didn't want to go back to my natural color and luckily with her great organic products she has been able to bring my hair back to life!The salon is quaint with just one chair - Laura is the only stylist.  And she makes you feel right at home!  The prices are on par for a Buckhead salon.  I typically spend $150 on foils and $200 for both foils and a cut.
<review# 1072,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2011,11/25/2011,216,382,4,7,5>My wife and I call this "our new dairy queen" since we used to go to that place often but now no longer eat ice cream. Lottafrutta has cool, delicious fruity sweet treats, and double bonus, and the thing that will ruin me, I know it.... VEGAN ICE CREAM. Yes, you read that right. Try some. Go now. Get a fruit cup or smoothie if that coconut-based icy treat isn't want you were wanting, every type I've tried has been delicious!If you aren't wanting something sweet, they have several tasty-looking sandwiches, to satisfy any type of eater. I can't say much more since I haven't had any of them.The service was great. Erika (I think that was her name) was very helpful in explaining everything on the menu and answering any questions we had.I only wish this place were a little closer.
<review# 1073,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2011,11/24/2011,92,124,2,10,4>Absolutely one of the best liquor stores I have ever been  to.  Very reasonable prices, and a huge selection of domestic and international spirits.  Anything that you could get at a grocery/liquor store anywhere else is easly 20-50 percent lower in price here.  The same wine that I buy in the grocery store for $12.99 is only $6.99 here.  The staff is eager to help you (almost to the point of being annoying though)...I spent an hour there just looking at stuff I have never seen before from different countries, and there is always going to be a few specials right when you walk into the store.  It's usually on stuff that didn't sell well, or stuff they are trying to get rid of.  I love it! The one off of Moreland sucks though.  Very small selection, and much higher prices.Edit: The owners of the Tower(s) in Doraville and Buckhead are not affiliated with the Tower off of Moreland...maybe that's why the one off of Moreland is not so good....
<review# 1074,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/2/2011,11/23/2011,230,255,6,5,6>Barcelona Atlanta is the one of the reasons that I live in Atlanta. While it is still the south and we have a long way to progress, I can honestly say the Atlanta restaurant scene continually impresses.I am thankful for trying out BA on a Monday night, exactly on it's seventh day of being opened.  I arrived and my friend was waiting for me at the packed bar. It was like a Friday night in there.  BA interior is absolutely beautiful.  The wood throughout is amazing and you can tell that there was a ton of work involved in making this a lasting and memorable experience for patrons.  The art is pretty cool too.  All the men were sporting a beard for Movember, and I have to say that they were wearing them well.  It was sexy lumberjack central at BA.  Allie our server was really funny.  The poor thing gave really long spill about the restaurant and how the menu worked. I was tired for her.We ended up ordering a few tapas and some wine.  The wine list is extensive and I was a kid in a candy store. I LOVE RED WINE.  The Rioja, can't recall the name and the Cab blend that my friend ordered were incredible.   The tapas on the other hand were pretty good.  The hanger steak was flavorful but tough.  The chicken empanada that came with a nice guacamole which was tasty. I didn't try the beef empanada but he seemed to enjoy it.  The people next to us were eating what appeared to be a traditional  Paella and it must have been good because they didn't leave a morsel on the plate.  The tapas portions are quite small for the $8-10 price point.  BA is no Eclipse Di Luna.  This place is all about the ambiance, service, and the wine.BA is definitely experiencing opening pains but they are doing an excellent job. They are still in the over deliver phase which is good.  I think four different people came to our table about six times total in the hour plus that we were there.   I didn't mind because as I  mentioned before, the sexy lumberjacks were not hard on the eyes.  All in all, BA is a beautiful experience that all of Atlanta wine and food connoisseurs will enjoy.
<review# 1075,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2011,11/22/2011,209,595,,21,9>This story is hard to re-live, but re-live it I must in order to give props where props are due. I took Bella, my great dane, to my regular vet this past Friday in order to check and see if some behavioral issues she's been having are related to any physical issues that I don't know about. A couple hours after I picked her up she started acting very oddly. She was standing up with her head hanging down, ignoring me when I spoke to her. I started to get really worried when she started to throw up. *Great danes, and most other breeds with large chest cavities, are prone to bloat which is a condition where gas builds up in the chest and the dogs stomach can flip. This is an emergency situation and one where if the dog doesn't get help they can die within hours.* After her puking episode (puking or attempting to puke are both signs of bloat) I felt her stomach which was rock solid (another indicator). I immediately jumped in the car and drove out to Sandy Springs to go to the Emergency Vet. It was 8:30 at night and my vet was closed. I don't live close, but my vet works there some times and I knew their staff was extremely proficient. I rang ahead of time to let them know that I was on my way and told them what I thought my pup was going through. The second I walked through the doors the vet, Dr. Biddle, and vet tech came running in to get Bella and take her in back for an exam. Dr. Biddle came back in a couple of minutes, informed me that he would like to take Xrays of her abdomen, and gave me a price on the spot of what that would cost. I gave him the OK and waited in the cold, but clean waiting room. After waiting 15 or so minutes Dr. Biddle called me to the back where he showed me an Xray of Bellas belly. He explained to me what I was seeing, which was gastric dilatation-volvulus (commonly known as bloat). He also told me that they see this a lot after a dog has been to the vet since stress can sometimes cause GDV. Another nice thing he told me is that they do these a couple of times a month which made me much more comfortable, since the first thing that ran through my head is have you ever done this surgery before. Stupid I know, but I was a concerned mom. I gave him the go ahead for the surgery after viewing the Xray, but he wanted me to see and sign an estimate before he would perform the surgery. This was very nice considering I had no clue how much the surgery would cost and I was much too preoccupied to think of asking. It was also nice knowing there would be no surprises at pay time. After I signed the release forms, they told me to go on home.. she would be in surgery for a couple of hours and she wouldn't be able to leave the vet for a couple of days. Dr. Biddle called me once the surgery was over letting me know that she was out and that they also performed a gastropexy (stomach sutured to the abdominal wall) on her so this would never happen again. Dogs who bloat have an 80% chance of bloating again so having this done while she is already out was a good thing and something that wouldn't have occurred to me at the time. I spoke with the vet techs three more times before I could pick Bella up. When I finally picked her up they went through the spiel on what she should eat, when she should get her medicine, and what I should look for. I also liked the sign on the wall that said they believe in pain management and helping pets heal quicker by giving them pain medications. Looking back, I am so thankful that I went to the Animal Emergency Center of Sandy Springs. Their professionalism and caring did wonders for me when I was freaked out about my furkid. If I ever have another emergency with one of my pets, and knock on wood I wont, I would definitely take them here.
<review# 1076,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2011,11/21/2011,113,184,1,13,8>Had my child in Briarcliff Daycare for about 6 weeks now.  At first she was apprehensive since it was her first daycare experience, but she loves it now!  It is a small little neighborhood place you would probably never notice unless you drove right past it.  Even then you may not see it - it is in a converted house in the middle of a residential area.  The story is that it was started in the 70's by a couple (who now are retired and live next door) in the house, and that although new zoning regulations wouldn't allow you to set up a business in the neighborhood, it has been around so long that it was grandfathered in.  The teachers there are wonderful people, especially my daughter's favorite, Ms. Jasmine.  Since she has been there we have gotten my daughter off the bottle, AND eating all kinds of new things like spaghetti  - huge steps for a toddler.  She loves the daily play time in their big backyard playground.  If you are looking for an intimate, nurturing place to send your child to daycare, I would highly recommend Briarcliff Daycare.
<review# 1077,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/3/2011,11/20/2011,349,547,5,7,4>3.5 stars, really. I came to Mezcalito's with a few of my girlfriends for dinner on a Wednesday night. We were seated quickly and given water (no ice, holla!!) without asking. The restaurant is super, SUPER cute. Really nice date spot--it's very ambient, with low lighting and candles and many well thought out decorative touches.Bottles of wine are half-price on Wednesdays, and we were given a pretty hard sell, but we declined. I ordered the vegetable enchiladas, sin queso. I was raging hungry; we ate around 7:30 and I didn't have my usual afternoon snack. The food came quickly enough and was well-presented, for the most part. My plate was full and colorful, with two enchiladas and a scoop of (green! yay!) rice on one side and black beans on the other. Sharon S.'s tortilla lasagna was served in a cute ceramic hot plate, but Camilla M's quesadillas looked a little sad. The menu definitely said they were served with rice and beans, but they came out without. She asked the waiter, and he brought her a plate of rice, which she was charged for.My food was delicious--tons of sauteed veggies were wrapped inside the quesadillas, the sauce was yummy, and the black beans and rice were really flavorful and tasty. It was sort of hard to get full because I was so hungry when I ate, but that's my own damn fault for not pre-gaming dinner.Service was just okay. I was a little bummed out by the microwave with a Wendy's sticker in the kitchen, of which I had a clear view from my seat. That little microwave got a pretty good workout. I don't quite know how they came upon a Wendy's microwave (sketch, if you ask me) but they should either (ideally) stop using a microwave, or at least move it out of the view of customers.We had a Scoutmob, which was cheerfully applied, and therefore the meal was really inexpensive, and also so, so tasty. I plan on coming back.
<review# 1078,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2011,11/19/2011,74,132,5,3,2>WARNING-If you do not like cafeteria style meals and prefer a waitress to take your order DO NOT EAT HERE.  Better yet, if you don't understand the concept of cafeteria style and eat here anyway, please don't write a bad review because require a waitress to laugh at your jokes.      That being said, Matthews is a great place to eat if you find yourself in the Tucker area.  I have one hour for lunch and half of that time was spend driving to and from here from work.  From the time I walked in, got my food and was sitting to eat was probably about 3 minutes.  From what I can tell the place was clean, my elbows didn't stick to the vinyl red gingham table cloths. My food (fried chicken, creamed corn and mac and cheese) was hot and delicious.  The chicken breast was huge, juicy and really tasty.  I would return here in a heartbeat.  If you like country cooking, fast service and good meal all around I would highly recommend coming to Matthews Cafeteria.
<review# 1079,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/8/2011,11/18/2011,97,124,17,16,6>After living in this city for the past 7 years, I am pretty much clubbed out. There's so much more to our divine city. It's still kinda sad, but ya know, the heyday of Visions, The Mark, 112, Leopard Lounge, DragonFly, original Compound layout, the Buckhead strip (may they all RIP) had a sista out every weekend for years and they were well worth it!! *Wipes tear and continues with review...*Reign is the newest venture of AG Ent. and I can say, it's very Atlanta. The inside is very pretty and puts you in the mindset of Velvet Room (285 version) fit into the old Velvet Room (midtown) space. So think long dance floor surrounded by VIP areas, and stage at the end. I RSVP'd for a live performance of Estelle a couple weeks back and as I expected with "doors open at 8, performance at 9", it's not gonna start on time. I won't really go into the whole let's hold the line to create a buzz semantics since this is a review of the space itself, but it just has to be said: WE DON'T LIKE STANDING IN LINE TO ENTER AN EMPTY CLUB! *steps off soapbox*Again, back to this beautiful space. I would definitely look into doing a VIP area for our yearly girls weekend out, or when I'm planning a group event as the upstairs VIP area is HAWT!! For future performances, which I believe this was their first, Reign needs to work on the mic situation. We stood in the center of the dance floor, not really that far from the stage and could barely hear Bill Bellamy when introducing Estelle, and it was hard to hear Estelle's great live voice over the music. Also, I hear they promote those machines that blow out the cold smokey mist, sue me...I do not know what the heck they are called...but those need tweaking as well b/c you will get wet up from the constant drip after they are released a couple of times. Overall a decent experience, my feet were hurting too badly to try out the lounge next door but it looks just as plush. May Reign live long and reign in this brutal here today gone tomorrow ATL nightlife scene...
<review# 1080,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2010,11/16/2011,144,95,2,9,7>There is a special place in heaven for Circus Arts and their teachers.  Rarely have I experienced so much kindness, love, and patience directed toward my children.  My kiddos continue to eagerly anticipate circus class every Monday and everyone who works there is a shining example of humanity.  I know that sounds hyperbolic but it's sincerely meant.  Dude, they even took us to Cirque du Soleil.  My children's lives were a little more magical because of it.Carrie, the owner, is always thinking about how to best encourage and challenge each of them as individuals.  My daughter can't wait for circus camp this summer and my boy is so proud of his expanding tightrope walking and juggling skills. If you want to experience some seriously groovy and heartwarming kid stuff, take them to circus class.  One of these days I'll get around to surrendering to the love myself.
<review# 1081,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2011,11/15/2011,217,294,,5,4>This centrally located Asian inspired eatery is located in Midtown in a building with covered, free parking (sweet!).  Upon entering you are greeted with cool decor, a hip water work,  and more importantly, a friendly and professional greeting.  The wait staff made excellent recommendations while maintaining a friendly but not familiar demeanor. I tried a variety of dishes which were all very good.  The Korean Beef was amazing with the correct level of sweetness.  The Sea Salt Chicken was tasty but slightly overcooked, but the Honey Teriyaki Salmon more than made up for it: moist and appropriately spiced!  All very tasty.  They were even helpful with thoughtful, appropriate wine pairings (added benefit:  they have an above average bourbon selection).I had a business dinner event in their private dining area.  The wait staff assigned was outstanding... anticipating my every need as the meeting organizer.  An example of their detail orientation was when my speaker started his presentation and I sat at the back of the room, my server noticed I was separated from my drink and went to retrieve it to present it to me.  Wow!  How cool is that?  My 35 guests loved the restaurant, the convenient parking, easy freeway access and the food.  Many said they would definitely come back on their own.  My only recommendation is to get a mic and amplifier for your speaker... the ambient noise from the regular diners was a bit much in the private dining room.
<review# 1082,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/31/2011,11/14/2011,56,89,3,5,6>Since my first review, I've tried several flavors (red velvet, cookie dough, salted caramel, and banana pudding), and omg they're all so good. I can't even begin to describe how perfect Cloud 9's cupcakes are. ALWAYS moist and fluffy, ALWAYS delicious, and ALWAYS just the right amount of frosting!!My absolute favorite is hands-down the banana pudding one. It's just...yeah, perfect. I hope they keep this as a permanent flavor, because seriously, YUM.The owner is amazing as well - very friendly and nice, and loves to chat with the customers. I hope this cupcake place can stay friendly and awesome despite being in the middle of hustling-bustling Lenox Mall. :) Love this place!!
<review# 1083,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2011,11/13/2011,49,397,2,9,9>Still love it. Alayna remembered me after almost a year. That alone impressed me. She got my brows done while we were waiting for the pedicurist to get back from her break. They also use real lemongrass in the signature pedicure soak. I was really surprised by that. I was expecting some kind of oil or powder, but nope. There were actual sprigs of lemongrass floating in the water.My legs feel awesome, smell great, and the polish is perfect. I'm spoiled for life.
<review# 1084,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2011,11/12/2011,113,132,12,9,8>Stop reading this.Put on some clothes.Go.  Now.  Really.Have I had friendlier service at a restaurant?  No.  Have I had better Cuban food?  No.  No, not even Papi's back in the day.  Are the potions gigantic?  No, but they are big enough for me and I'm fat and tall and always hungry.Long story short, if you are in Marietta and you are hungry, you will not be disappointed if you stop in and have dinner at Cuban Diner.Ps try the yucca fries, Alexa G might not be a fan, but I sure am.
<review# 1085,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2011,11/10/2011,103,217,10,6,7>I came to write a review, with a 5-star rating in my head. And then I saw all the shills. Sad face. Uncool. Should I take away a star based on my disappointment in their sportsmanship? I don't know. I put my review on hold for a few days to think about it and come back to it later. It's now been a few days, and I've come back. I decided that the business earned 5 stars from me, fair and square. And while I may be disappointed in the behavior here on Yelp - I shouldn't let that stand in the way of a fair rating and an honest review. Now that you know where I stand, let's go on. I've a very tiny person. I'm short. I'm little. A lot of people take that for granted, and I play that up as much as possible, because what you might not assume about me upon our meeting is that I carry a loaded handgun at all times. I've been shooting since the day of my 8th birthday, when my father put his pellet in my hand and told me to shoot the helium party balloons down out of the trees in our back yard. Fast forward 16 years: I like to take in a few hours of target practice once a month to keep my marksmen skills sharp. There's a skeezy hole-in-the-wall that I've been going to for the last 3 years that I've been old enough to legally own a handgun. (I'll have to review that place another day.) But this past weekend I had a few free hours for the first time since Thanksgiving and wanted to get on the range. But the place I normally went is apparently now closed on Sundays. A quick Google Maps search pulls this place up, and after a quick call to make sure that they were open, I headed over. It's about the same distance (in the other direction) from my house. But there are some key differences: it's a nice new building with good signs, the inside lobby area offers tall ceilings and wide open space for that modern and airy feel, a carpeted area with couches and fresh coffee serves as an inviting and comfortable queue area should you need to wait for a lane... and they have a very relaxed, knowledgeable and FRIENDLY staff. I never once got the impression that they might shoot me if I said something stupid! They've got good rates on lane and firearm rentals, they have eye/ear protection available to rent as well. Targets and ammo are for sale. All typical stuff. But the thing that I feel really sets them apart is the way that their range is arranged. To get inside to a lane, you pull open a heavy door to go in an airlock room. Once the first door is completely closed you can pull open the second door to get in. They have fans going to generate low pressure, which makes it windy and cooler in temperature -- but keeps the gun powder out of your nose! It's not a big deal, but I always hated to come home from the range and blow a ton of black crud out of my nose, and now it's nice to not have that be an issue anymore. They have a range master on the line to answer any questions you might have, help you should any issues come up, and - obviously- for safety. There are noobies in the world. Everyone has to start somewhere. We're not all shooting smiley faces into the targets with .22's at 50 meters. (It's okay. You'll get there soon enough.) He, also, is a super friendly guy - very knowledgeable, very helpful, and  has great tips. Afterwards, you come on out to settle up, and as I was checking out, another staffer came on over and asked, "Would you like some fresh-out-of-the-oven, home made, chocolate chip cookies?" I get to shoot stuff, and then you give me cookies? Oh man! That's awesome! It's like preschool all over again! I'm so psyched! And dude, the cookies were UH-MAY-ZING. Seriously. He explained that they were made fresh, daily. Now, they're not going to be soy, organic, gluten-free, and all that ma-larkey. But they are good. Very good. You know what else is good? Their hours. 7 days a week. Open late-ish so that I/you/us/we can go after work. That's right. If you're headed over, call me. I'll meet you there. It's good. It's very good. You know what's not good though? The shills. But I suppose that's between you, the reader, and them, the soulless shilling poop heads. I'm just saying. They are great and amazing and wonderful and you should totally go there because I personally guarantee that you will love it, or you can get your five-minutes-of-reading-this back. But you won't need it. And Quickshot didn't need fake people to write reviews. Their business is good enough without it. HAVE SOME SELF CONFIDENCE, PEOPLE! You're a good looking kid; you don't have to act this way to get attention. I'm just saying.
<review# 1086,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2011,11/9/2011,381,486,5,8,12>I absolutely LOVE karaoke, so I'm super excited that I have found my favorite karaoke lounge in ATL!A group of friends and I went to Ai Tunes for the first time in August.  We liked it so much we decided to come back a week later for my birthday celebration.  This karaoke lounge is a "noraebang" (literally means "song room" in Korean) that is NOT owned by Koreans (nothing against them - I'm Korean myself - but a lot of them reek of cigarette smoke and have limited song choices).  For those of you who aren't familiar with noraebangs, they're private karaoke rooms that you rent by the hour.  But this karaoke lounge is different from any other I've been to (okay - I haven't been to many here in ATL, but I have been to several in LA) in that they are also a restaurant (haven't tried their food yet) with a full bar AND they offer HOOKAH!  =)Hookah - I knew that I wanted to start my birthday night with hookah for an hour.  I'm still a little unclear about whether they charge by the hour or until one coal runs out.  (I'll confirm this and update my review after the next time I go there.)  Either way, the coal lasts a little over an hour - and we paid $20 (so that's per hour or coal).  I thought that was a pretty good deal considering that hookah bars that I've been to in the past charge a per person minimum amount for hookah.  The $20 was a flat rate, and I think about 10 of us took turns smoking it.  They offer various flavors of hookah, but I guess they change depending on availability.  I don't think they have a hookah menu, so you have to ask the bartender what flavors they currently have.  I believe the flavor we chose was called Blue Mist.  It had a smooth, light blueberry flavor.  Loved it!  We sat on the couches in the main lounge, and I think we actually smoked the hookah for about an hour and a half.  It would've kept going, but we had to start singing as more of my friends who did not want to smoke arrived.  You're allowed to smoke inside the karaoke rooms, too, which is awesome!  But we wanted to be considerate to those who didn't smoke and didn't want to make the room all smoky, so we finished up before we went in (but the coal easily could've lasted about 15 minutes longer!).Karaoke - The hourly rates for karaoke rooms are $20 for a party of up to 6 people and $30 for 7+ people.  They also have a huge room for $50 per hour.  My sister had called Martin (owner) a few days ahead of my birthday celebration to reserve a room for about 10-15 people.  So we got a $30/hr room, but after less than an hour, the room was packed with over 20 people.  Because a smaller party wanted this room, Martin upgraded our room to the gigantic $50/hr room - on the house!  Thanks, Martin!  S2 =)Overall, everyone who came and celebrated with us had a great time!  Martin is absolutely AMAZING - he hooked the ladies up with several of his creative, yummy shots (yes, he bartends, too!) - including a birthday cupcake shot!  Sweeeeet!5 stars for Ai Tunes Karaoke - my favorite destination to do 2 of my favorite things - karaoke and hookah!  I haven't been there for one of their poker nights (Fridays and Sundays?), nor have I tried their food yet.  But with such reasonable prices, you really can't go wrong here!  Love it, and I will be back soon to use their 50% off ScoutMob deal (sorry to those who missed it)!  =)
<review# 1087,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2011,11/8/2011,357,369,15,19,21>I have a heart boner for my neighborhood right now.  As of June 22nd, we have Food Truck Wednesdays to add to the plethora of pedestrian friendly options in the hood.  The usual suspects set up shop from 6pm to 10pm and I can now plan on having a taco, cupcakes, bbq, and a popsicle for dinner every Wednesday for the rest of the summer.  I haven't checked out Street Food Thursdays in Midtown because it seems so ass backwards for a non Midtowner to drive there and struggle to find parking to then partake of street food.  To me, it goes against the logic of walkable, accessible urban centers and quick eats.But Food Truck Wednesdays in my hood addresses my logic, my street food needs, and my carbon footprint. There's nothing to feel guilty about [I mean, other than the taco and cupcake combo in my gut] and tons to celebrate!The lineup: Yumbii, Souper Jenny, Honeysuckle, Slider U, The Pup Truck, Yum Yum Cupcake, King of Pops, and Sweet Auburn BBQ.I'm pretty happy about all the places my feet can take me.
<review# 1088,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2011,11/7/2011,11,128,17,14,9>This HAS to be the birthplace of ZOMGWTFBBQ -- it's THAT good.Since Heirloom has over 150 reviews as of my writing this one -- I hope you can still find some nuggets of goodness in mine.  Here goes.1st - 4th stars - BBQ meat goodness.The menu is simple.  Pork, chicken, brisket, ribs, and all manner of special a la Korean influences.  You can SEE the rub on everything.  You KNOW this BBQ has flavor when the metal tray and wax paper upon which it is served settles in front of you.  You don't even have to try the sauces, but you should (more in a minute).The pulled pork -- just eat it.  Don't bother putting it on the toasted, buttered bun afterthought in the corner of the metal serving tray.  Relish in moist, flavorful BBQ the likes of Slopes will NEVER serve you.The brisket -- served in thick, long slices, covered in a dry rub that's heaven unto itself.  It comes with a side of one of four (4) sauces at Heirloom -- the Kitchen sauce, a Texas-style concoction that seriously jacks up the peppery nature of the brisket dry rub.  It's almost like a good thick chipotle sauce, but so much better.  No fat here (ahem, Rolling Bones) -- all brisket meat, all the time.Collard greens -- just as the Lord intended.  Lots of juices, spices, and chunks of stewing meat (pork, I think) big enough to be a meal all by its lonesome.  Sure, wife -- don't eat yours (she doesn't like the juices) -- I'll finish it off for you.Macaroni and cheese -- I can't tell you about it.  My wife inhaled it like a Dyson on a dust pile.  She said it had a nice flavor to it.  I'll never know unless I go back.5th star - the KB sauce.There are four (4) Heirloom sauces, one of which I've already described.  The others include the Settler sauce -- Carolina vinegar influences in a sauce whose spiciness doesn't jive with the BBQ, in my opinion.  The Table sauce -- this is the sauce you want to go with the pork, Tennessee and smokey, it's just right for it.  Unless......you want to delve into the Korean influences that are present in a lot the Heirloom food.  For that, the KB sauce.It's bright red -- thicker than the Settler but not as thick as the Table or Kitchen sauces.  Ask what it is -- the chef will tell you.  Green (???) chili paste, sugar, Sprite (there's Coke in one of the other ones), and other fine things.  I think it's the sugar that does it.Slather some pork in the KB and take a bite -- POP! POW! WOW!  You get a spicy little kick that's followed by the sweet sugar flavor that turns BBQ into meat candy.  My wife didn't like it.  Phooey on her.  I loved it.  The Kitchen sauce on my table cried to me, "Hey -- I'm for the brisket, asshole."  Sorry, Kitchen -- KB sauce is where all the meat on my metal tray wants to hang out.Other than being a little pricier than most BBQ places, confusing the shit out of my TomTom GPS (dammit) and not having NEARLY enough places to sit if it gets busy (there's a table for 6-8 and some stools -- deal with it), I can't say anything bad about Heirloom.  I wish I could eat there every day.ZOMGWTFBBQ indeed.P.S. - To the Korean family of 6 who came in while I was eating and, like real men, ordered a pile of ribs, every tempura side possible, two Korean BBQ sandwiches and kimchi slaw...I salute you.
<review# 1089,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2011,11/6/2011,105,104,11,2,4>If you're in Butthead for a business dinner and the attendees are mostly dudes, this joint is a great option to have in your back pocket if you strike out at picking up escorts at Bluepointe or waitresses at Tavern.  What?*Seriously questions whether to post that as an opening. Continues*The food here is a little above average as are prices, but it's an "upscale" sports restaurant in Buckhead.  I forget the point i was going to make - probably some excuse about being slightly overpriced and how that's to be expected in this neck of the hoods.I'd also suggest Dantanna's for an after-work happy hour locale during a heavy sports season because the bar area TV situation is pretty epic.  Seating is spread out stadium style so all seats have a great view of the monster projection screen and dozen or so smaller flat panels.  They also project games onto some very futuristic transparent screens hanging in the dining area that  so you can rest assured that you'll catch every play as you pretend to enjoy your coworkers story about that thing they did that one time.I've only actually eaten here once or twice, and while what i ate was obviously not remarkable (or else I'd be telling you what it was) that also means i wasn't largely disappointed, either.  So there's that.I'm realizing now that this isn't probably a very useful review.  So.Pros-TVs galore!!!!1!!-Beers-Some cute girls-Bacon (probably)Cons-You're done with work and still in Buckhead-Excessive stairs from parking lot to door require an inhaler puffFunny, at least?
<review# 1090,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2011,11/5/2011,44,132,4,5,9>Just like Owen Wilson in "Midnight in Paris,"  I sometimes romanticize the past....take me back to Andy Griffith and Mayberry RFD with a simple life, Aunt Bee's home cooked meals, Opie playing outside all day with no worries, and having sex meant you probably were married.  People said hello to each other on the streets and there was the local barbershop,  a place to chat it up with the guys and get a clean cut without breaking the bank.Shazam...is that Floyd the barber?  Am I transported to the 1950's?  Pinch me will you....well holy moly...I just strolled into Gino's and my thoughts went to a day gone by.  "Classic" is such a great word to describe this place...from the vest the barber's (don't you dare say stylist) wear to the awesome barbershop chairs.   Just give me an 8 oz Coca Cola in the bottle and my fantasy will be complete.As I entered the place I was greeted with a big hello by all those on the floor. I had no appointment, but the wait was not long and Maya quickly took care of me.  My cut was just what I asked for (I mentioned that salons had cut it too short despite me telling them not too.)  A couple big bonus points for including a straight-razor neck shave, steamed towel and shoulder massage with the cut -- all for only $18.  Then a huge bonus for having this tiny little vacuum that she used to suck up all the hair clippings that remained in my hair and neckline.  No more itchy back or hair on the shirt collar later in the day.I will be back!
<review# 1091,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2011,11/4/2011,58,63,9,46,14>I've been going to MJQ since around 2003 and though it's undergone some changes in the crowd, DJ's, and decor it remains my first choice when I'm going out in Atlanta. The music is all over the place. Don't come expecting to hear Top 40. There are a million other clubs that cater to that. On any given night you will hear a few top 40 songs but you'll also hear Funk, Soul, Dubstep, Dancehall reggae, Baltimore Club, Electro, House, Indie Rock, and just about anything else you can think of. A lot of the DJs take risks which doesn't pay off from time to time but for the most part it definitely works.and one big thing:DO NOT MAKE REQUESTS TO THE DJS. They usually will not honor them anyway. MJQ is one of the few places that really lets DJ's show off their art form and let them be creative. Don't ruin it by asking for the "Boots with the fur" song or Black Eyed Peas. There are two rooms; The main room and the Cafe. For me, the Cafe is the better room. The music's a bit more eclectic and I like the intimate atmosphere.Here's a breakdown of what goes on during the week:Wednesdays: Main Room - Varies but typically a lot of 2000-present Indie Rock. Cafe - House/Disco or Funk/hip-hop (alternates weekly) - This is usually when a lot of the dancers in Atlanta show up. The house dancers and poppers tend to dominate the cafe on the house nights and the b-boys dominate on the hip-hop/funk nights. When I say Funk, I'm referring to James Brown style, 60's era Funk and breakbeats. Not 70's "Workin at the car wash" Funk. The dancers have been a staple at MJQ since it was just a little room under the Ponce De Leon Hotel so if you're a spectator show a bit of respect...don't push anybody, don't get anybody's face, don't make fun of them, etc. As a b-boy I can tell you most of us are very respectful and just want to dance. Price - Free I thinkThursdays: First Thursdays of the month the Cafe is usually open to accommodate the 21+ crowd who are at Drunken Unicorn for Fuck YESSS, a monthly electro party. Main room's usually closed. Every other Thursday, it's usually closed unless there's a special event going on.Friday:Mostly 90's Hip-hop. When I say 90's hip-hop, I mean the music is similar to what you would've heard at a hip-hop party in the 90s...classic hip-hop and deeper cuts, hip-house, Baltimore club, etc. All the Fridays I've been are packed. Hands down, the best night to go to in Atlanta if you love hip-hop. You'll occasionally see a few b-boys there. Price: 5-10Saturday: Main room - Used to vary a good bit but lately it's turned into a Dubstep night for most of the time. I like dubstep but unless I'm at a dubstep party, i can get tired of it. It's honestly hard to predict. I think the last Saturdays of the month are when the Cobra Corps. DJs are there and you'll hear a lot of 90s/early 2000s southern hip-hop (DSGB, Pastor Troy 3-6 Mafia, So So Def), Baltimore club, with a little dubstep and New Orleans Bounce thrown in there. The Cafe - also varies a good bit, hard to say what you're going to hear in there on a Saturday. Price: 5-102nd Saturdays of the month are usually Sloppy Seconds where bigger acts will come through. It gets packed early and is usually 15-20 depending on what acts are there.In my opinion, Saturday has become the weakest night to go most of the time except certain Saturdays out of the month depending on your taste but it's still better than 95% of the clubs in Atlanta if you actually want to dance and not pose at a VIP table.Some final things: -Cash bar. Don't be surprised when you get there.-Parking. There is a parking lot across from MJQ that is paid. You can also park in the shopping center on the opposite side where Bookhouse Pub is but it fills up early. There's also street parking on Somerset Terrace (Liberty Tattoo is on the corner) or on Bonaventure, the next street over. You can park at Kroger but it's risky. I've known several people that have had their car towed.-Leave the sandals and open toed shoes at home. The floor gets filthy and a lot of glass gets broken throughout the night. If you get a cut, it's on you.-Be respectful. I know the bouncers here and they don't put up with BS from anybody. You try and pick a fight or get too rowdy, you will get kicked out in a hurry. -If you want Bottle Service or a VIP section or want to posture and look cool, please, please choose another venue. You're in the wrong place. A lot of what put MJQ on a slight decline in the past couple years is a clientele coming and expecting something it's not and then getting angry about it and ruining the vibe. This isn't coming from a place of pretentious "This was our spot and it needs to stay underground." I simply want the new people that come to check out it to enjoy as much as the regulars who've been coming since it opened. MJQ serves a specific niche in the Atlanta club scene and I would hate to see it become a carbon copy of all the other places out there.
<review# 1092,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/6/2010,11/3/2011,193,304,2,7,6>Stopped by here on a bleak night and tried one of the super combos.  The Korean style short ribs, BBQ beef (also tasted sweet and Asian flavored), and BBQ chicken (again, tasted sweet and Asian flavored) came with some pretty pedestrian rice and macaroni salad.  I saw ramen, dumplings, and spam musubi on the menu, which was very interesting.  By extension, does the pork taste more like char siu here?  I am a little curious.  The chicken stood out as having some tasty charred edges while remaining tender, and the short ribs were tender and relatively fatty like you would expect from this preparation.  Overall I was fed and satisfied, but not really impressed by the food.  It all had a generic sweetness which just reminds me too much of food court stuff at a mall.  And it was not cheap for a place that might as well be a fast food joint on days when there was no lively performance (I never saw it) and crowd.  Even on a bleak night with few customers, I still felt the friendliness of the people here, and I appreciate that.  Unfortunately without that this would probably be a 2 star place for me.
<review# 1093,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2011,11/2/2011,213,662,9,7,5>So there's actually a weekend brunch spot near my house that doesn't require an hour wait at 1 p.m. Schweet!I ordered the Peachtree Polenta breakfast entree - two fried polenta cakes atop scrambled eggs, smothered in cheese sauce and topped with grilled shrimp. My stomach hurts in such a beautiful way. My beau had the huevos rancheros, drowning in way too much sour cream but tasty despite the stomach-killing condiment. On the way out he was playing with his iPhone and didn't notice me duck to go into Squash Blossom just a few doors down."No!" he yelled as if I were a terrier-in-training when he realized what was going on."Just kidding," I clapped. Some ladies found it funny, too. He didn't.
<review# 1094,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2011,11/1/2011,474,1389,3,9,9>Deliciously messy and friendly, this place was definitely worth the drive from Sandy Springs.  I haven't been a big fan of chicken ever since the early stages of my pregnancy, so I was presently surprised by the lack of chicken flavor in these treats!I got the South of the Border, which is sausage, chili, eggs, onions, peppers, and cheese in a flour tortilla (see the picture).  Now this is a breakfast burrito!  Every bite was so moist and flavorful.  But yes, it did require 5 napkins, and that was after I licked my fingers.  Jimmy got the Shredder, which was sausage, slaw, and mustard on a bun.  I only got one bite, and it was mostly coleslaw.  I don't even like coleslaw and I still would have eaten that whole thing.  Everything is very flavorful.I knew as soon as I told Jimmy they had milkshakes that he would get one, even at 9am, but when we saw the cupcakes that go on top, his eyes got really big!  While Zack E kept looking for a straw, Jimmy just dove in with a spoon, wanting to get as much cake and milkshake in one bite as possible.  The shake was so decadently delightful that I might not have to keep driving down the road to Morelli's until summer.  My swirlie (1/2 frozen sweet tea, 1/2 frozen lemonade) was good, too, but I think I should have paid the $.49 more for the shake.  That's what I get for being "good" at 9am.The real stand out of this place, however, is the friendly service.  They might be open from 7am to 4am, (yes, 4 in the morning the next day), but all the employees are still smiling and friendly, happy to see you and serve you.  It's nice to find such friendly faces in fast casual food.Parking is limited, so be warned. #Yelp365 - 80/365
<review# 1095,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2011,10/31/2011,1969,871,3,45,10>I Love this place, did not expect it to be so over the top! Great place if your looking for good Italian food, a place to really let your hair down, cut loose and have a great time.If your celebrating a birthday this is the must stop place. The owners work here everyday making sure everything is perfect, overseeing the service, food, music and entertainment.Chicken Piccata, good, Chicken Parm, excellent, Alfredo, good, Salad, good, Chocolate Volcano amazing!
<review# 1096,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2011,10/30/2011,245,510,3,9,8>I was watching this being built out with anticipation since it is right around the corner from my office and right across the street from another favorite, Piece of Cake.  I will concur with everything that Zack said.  I have never been a huge fan of pie, but this is some good stuff.  Granted, I've only tried the butterscotch meringue, but it was that good.  What I like about it:  it's not too sweet, the crust is extremely light and flaky but holds everything together nicely, the filling and meringue are super light as well, you don't get that heavy feeling after having a slice.Now...be warned that you are paying $30+ to bring home one of these gems, which may not be for everyone.  The cool thing is, they take requests and will special order anything.  I am currently thinking up a special request to challenge them with.I would put this in the category that Zack mentions, Antico for pizza, or I'll say High Road Craft for ice cream.As a matter of fact, the only thing that would make this pie better is a scoop of High Road on top...
<review# 1097,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2011,10/29/2011,41,112,1,5,6>The Snack Shack is famous for two things: sinfully decadent burgers and Miss Ann.  The burgers are simply insane:  huge globs of ground chuck, buried with seasoning salt, cooked up with onions on two small flat grills, and served up with seemingly ordinary toppings like Heinz ketchup and iceberg lettuce.  But somehow, that doesn't capture the glory contained in these burgers.  Getting "Top Ten in the US" from the Wall Street Journal, and "100 Things in Atlanta to Eat Before You Die" from Creative Loafing, these burgers somehow surpass the sum of their ordinary parts.  My recommendation is to keep it simple:  go with the bacon cheeseburger.  It's a good bit cheaper that the Ghetto or the 'Hood, and the chili and slaw are not critical to the overall experience.Then there's Miss Ann.  It's really not that hard to get along with her if you keep a few things in mind.  1) The rules are posted.  Follow them.  2) She wants to get your order right and make you happy.  REALLY!  You just have to do your part - be VERY specific about what you want.  If you don't know her "lingo" (PERFECTLY), ask for a "single hamburger" or a "double hamburger" and list what you want on it.  One friend got a scolding when Miss Ann only heard "cheeseburger" instead of "bacon cheeseburger" and then he asked for bacon.  Make it easy for her - ask once and carefully and everyone will be happy.  And for God's sake, don't change your mind once she goes to work.  She has a lot of people to please, often by herself.  Until she gets to know you, speak to her when spoken to.  As a final note, go early to beat the line, but don't go in until she tells you to.  Trust me, if you simply show her the utmost respect, you and she will friends when you're done and you'll have something to brag about.Final notes:  there's a certain commeraderie among patrons, all of whom love the burgers and fear Miss Ann.  She seems happiest when the customers are enjoying eachother.  Everyone recognizes that the seating is tight, the counters are held together with duct tape, and the walls are disolored with grease and smoke, but everyone focuses on the good, like the fact that they were not the person just yelled at or thrown out by Miss Ann.I've brought friends and family here and they are all big fans.  It's a weird and somewhat off-putting place, but if you follow my tips, you can enjoy the good part of this unique and wonderful experience.
<review# 1098,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2011,10/28/2011,103,67,1,8,3>$9.99 for a Brazilian buffet? Are you freaking kidding me?  Heard about it awhile ago and finally got to go with the fam fam cause we wanted to eat some meat meat!  I think this place is well worth the 10 bucks and maybe more. I took the advice of some previous reviews and went straight for the meats.  Got a huge plate of tenderloin, garlic beef, and pork loin.  Awesome-O!!  The guy who carves the meat who I'm expecting also to be the owner is not cheap with the meat either.  He generously asks you if you want more and more on your plate.  Their side dishes are not too shabby either.  This is not a 4 star restaurant, but I definitely feel like we got our money's worth.  3 adults and 1 child and the total tab for dinner was $29.91!  We did have a coupon that my sister printed out from their website,  portobrazilrestaurant.co.  Overall good place to go if you're in the area and feel like eating some meat.  Very small restaurant and the service was very good.  I think it's a family run joint.  Adults are $9.99 dor dinner, but the waitress did say they're going to raise their prices to $12.95 soon.Kids are $4.99
<review# 1099,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2011,10/26/2011,33,434,6,6,3>Don't get tricked by the store sign (up top on the plaza) saying "Dogs Fries" and something else.Purple drank! Got me some purple draaaank!Went for lunch. Red menu has hot dogs with set toppings. White menu has different hot dogs that you can top yourself from the extensive toppings bar. Blue menu... other stuff. Ordered a smoky dog, spicy. Thick sausage. Me likes! *WINKInitially was overwhelmed by toppings bar and the white banner with recommended toppings combos. Recommend getting onion rings here, light batter. Forget about the fries. Dry, like cardboard... I guess the perfect kind for chili and cheese. If I ever get the fries here I will try it with chili and cheese. Left full. Satisfied.Clean space. Very friendly and patient staff. Also, purple drank :) Will go again.
<review# 1100,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/13/2011,10/25/2011,59,265,5,7,5>Reuben's is one of the best delis in town. You won't find any surprises on the menu -- just some high-quality deli fare.There's a $5 special that's available each day, but most sandwiches aren't all that unreasonably priced in the first place. There's also a good selection of sides, a few cookies (chocolate chip, black and white, etc.), a solid array of Zapp's potato chips, and even Boylan root beer on tap (among the usual fountain drink offerings).Just for reference, my usual is a chicken salad sandwich on wheat, with lettuce, tomato, and cheddar, all served with a pickle spear. Add to that a bag of Zapp's salt and pepper potato chips and a Boylan root beer. All of that, after tax, comes out to $7.97.The main drawback to this place is the completely inefficient service -- service that's slow to get you through the line (even if you're just trying to get a cold sandwich) and slow to take your payment. The staff is generally loud and abrasive, and most of them try way too hard to mimic the rudeness and efficiency of what they think is a stereotypical New York deli. (Swing and a miss, I guess.)The guys behind the counter really go on the offensive if they mess up your order. By that I mean, they go on the offensive against you. Dude, calm down -- I don't normally eat tuna, and I certainly wouldn't have ordered it here. Let's just chalk it up to you having misheard me, since the person ahead of me did indeed order a tuna sandwich. The question is whether your fragile ego can accept the fact that you made a mistake, without a manager having to come by and tame your psychosis. (The answer is no.)I'm still back time after time, though. I'm a sucker for a good deli sandwich, and the nearby offerings just aren't as good.
<review# 1101,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2011,10/24/2011,111,68,4,12,6>The Banh Mi here is what Banh Mi suppose to taste like, I would know because my last name is NGUYEN, I was born in Vietnam, lived there for 10 years, and do often visit. For those who love Banh Mi from Quoc Huong, you will not like the Banh Mi here so much because it is not drip in chicken fat. But if you want authentic Banh Mi then this is the place to go. The price is about the same everywhere else...$2.50 for a sandwich and you will get one free if you buy 5. They have an extensive variety of Banh Mi here from Pate(liver), fried eggs, grill pork, grill beef, dac biet(which is the combination of all the toppings), nem nuong(charged broiled pork) etc. I like how they do not put artificial coloring in their food so all their grill meat are light brown-gray instead of red(I cook and I do not know any type of meat that turns red when cook). They make their bread here everyday so it is very rare that they run out of Banh Mi which is often what happen at Quoc Huong. The place is super clean and despite the other review about slow/bad service...I did not experience this. Along with Banh Mi they also have a variety "street snacks" and Che( Vietnamese style dessert). I have to admit that they have the best Che in town....not too sweet yet very creamy.I recommend the Banh Mi Dac Biet, grill pork and grill beef Banh Mi. Remember to pick up some Che for dessert(my favorite are: Che Bap, Che Thai and Che Chuoi).Enjoy :)
<review# 1102,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2011,10/23/2011,354,392,1,6,3>My husband and I have been looking at their brunch menu for awhile, wondering if the vegan dishes were any good.  After waiting and waiting in vain for a Yelp review we decided to just check it out ourselves.  And we are glad we did!!!The vegan French toast was the item that intrigued us.  I think it's been at least 20 years since I've had it.  They brought out a plate with three huge pieces of toast, syrup, and a side of Earth Balance Vegan butter.  Score!!  It was fantastic, The toast was soft and just crunchy enough to be perfect.  I'm not a fan of maple syrup most of the time but a light drizzle over the toast was delicious.For sides we had the soysage (excellent) and the tofu scrambler.  We know someone back there knows how to deal with tofu, and giving it a light coat of nutritional yeast lent it and the vegetables a savory cheese-like flavor.  I ordered a mimosa, and although I'm not a lightweight, this drink had me buzzed before I got my food.  My husband wanted a Bloody Mary, so the waitress directed him to their Bloody Mary bar where you can make your own and add ingredients you want.  After reading all the bottles of mixes he found that none of them were fishie-less.  So we both ended up with a mimosa, which he very much enjoyed.  When the check came I coughed a little at the price, but we were pretty darn satisfied with our meals.  We will be back next time we have the need for French toast (which may be soon) and an extra $50 to spend.
<review# 1103,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2011,10/22/2011,124,182,4,7,5>DUDES' NIGHT OUT!This place is located in the ever-expanding Inman Park area near to Fritti, Sotto Sotto, and the like.  I absolutely hate cigarettes but I don't mind the occasional (read: rare occasion) cigar.  I came here on a random Wednesday night with my buddy for a nice break in the week.  This is the epitome of a guys' hangout.  OK, so i'm sure that women do come here as well (and you can see other Yelp reviews from women), but the time I came here the only women in the place were the bartenders/waitresses.You get taken into an enclosed room to select a cigar to smoke.  They generally cost at least 10 dollars, and are usually 10-14 dollars.  I didn't really look for anything pricier but I'm sure they were around.  After that, you can sit down and order a drink to go along with the cigar... the drink menu is highly weighted towards whiskys.The crowd is generally late 20s to early 40s male, a lot of them sitting around playing poker actually.  Again, cigar smoking, whisky drinking, poker playing... Dudes' night out.
<review# 1104,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2011,10/21/2011,91,277,14,8,10>Dear Ecco,My quality of life has gone down since you stopped serving the Hot Kitty drink.  I'm hopelessly devoted to it and I longingly ask the bartender if he can make it even though it's not on the cocktail menu anymore.  "No, sorry, I don't have the jalapeno vodka.  I'm not sure if we'll get it back!"  I'm writing you because desperate times call for desperate measures.  Please bring the refreshingly spicy Hot Kitty back in time for summer.  I will wait patiently for its return and enjoy your piquillo peppers stuffed with braised shortrib and fried goat cheese balls in the meantime.  I have recently discovered your unexpectedly delicious olive oil ice cream with chocolate shavings & sea salt. My life has forever been changed.  I also appreciate that your service is consistently great, so thank you for that.Yours truly,Laura W.
<review# 1105,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2011,10/20/2011,207,302,9,7,12>Simply put, great date night or group event spot.  Get there early and bring all your favorite treats, snacks and drinks.  Hell, you can have a whole buffet if you would like.It's hard to find vintage fun such as a drive-in but this place is the perfect spot.  It's always crowded and the prices are cheap.  I remember the joys of going to the drive-in as a kid but let me tell you it's even better as an adult.  Yes!!!! We bring the liquor!  Yes!!! We bring the best food!  Yes!!!! I can cuddle up under a blanket with my man!  Do you see where I'm going folks??? This is a win, win situation.  Hands down I'm a big fan!
<review# 1106,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2011,10/19/2011,792,472,1,7,7>Since moving into the neighborhood a few months ago...I find myself coming more and more to this beautiful park. It has quickly become one of my favorite places. Not only do they host a lovely farmers market on Sundays (see my review for more details on that), but it's also an all around beautiful place to enjoy a part of your day. From their well maintained lawns to their large playground to their gorgeous shady trees...it's the perfect place to have a picnic, take a walk/run or find a swing to bring you back to your childhood. You're far away from the bright lights of the city...you can truly gather your thoughts and relax here. Overall...the pup, boyfriend and I are all fans of this fantastic piece of Atlanta. I highly suggest it's time for you to go check it out!
<review# 1107,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2011,10/17/2011,213,121,15,8,3>sublime doughnuts makes me mad.  not just mad, FUMING ANGRY!!!  where was this place when i was at tech?!?!?!?  i would've gone here when i was pulling my hair out trying to code or waiting on lab results.  i came here because fellow yelper tom c. won't shut up about sublime doughnuts.  every day it's "i'm craving doughnuts from sublime" or facebook status: "i can't think of anything else right now except sublime doughnuts."  man, these must be some crazy doughnuts.not only do they have "slap yo mama" doughnuts, they also share my love for simpsons (they even have figurines of lard lad and the scene from when homer goes to hell and his punishment is to eat every doughnut in the world as he's hooked up to a machine that force feeds him - he ends up eating all the doughnuts and asks his tormentor for more).i had the fresh strawberry creme fresh from the oven.  sooooooo good!!  i would describe it as a korean fruit cake in doughnut form.  it's not too sweet, with fresh strawberry and cream.  *droooool....i also had a bite of a friend's ice cream doughnut.  oh yeah, ice cream doughnut.  it's an ice cream sandwich with the doughnut as the bread.  it was super cold for me.  i would've waited a bit for the ice cream to melt a little and dove in like a fat kid loves cake (although that analogy is actually pretty close to what really happened).  my friends and i took a dozen to go which we gorged on later.  i forgot the names of most of them, but you'll get the picture.orange cream - tastes like a creamsicle.  probably one of my favorite ones.reese's - actually tasted more like a peanut butter doughnut, with some reese's cups crushed on top, but hey, i'm not complainingraspberry chocolate - i really liked the raspberry fillinga-town cream - kinda like boston cream with bavarian cream.  really good, and the cream just oozes out.  mmmm...nutella - i was actually a little disappointed with this one.  i mean, it was good, but just tasted like a doughnut with nutella on top.  i think they could've done something more with this one.  maybe filled it with nutella?  awwwww yeah....darn you sublime!  why are you so far from me?  why didn't you open 10 years ago when i was in school?
<review# 1108,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2011,10/16/2011,58,87,,18,5>Sweet Georgia Juke Joint is located right in the heart of downtown Atlanta and occupies the former Macy's Building. My friend and I hosted our birthday party here and it was stellar! Fast and attentive serves. Scrumptious food and dessert. Beautiful ambience and live music. We had a rather large party - 30+. And they accommodated us well. I ordered the special of the day - blackened tilapia and macaroni and cheese. It was delicious and flavorful and on the spicy side. The macaroni was good too and I'm a macaroni and cheese critic.The reservation process, however, was not very smooth. The agents/event coordinators gave of us the run around. But once our special day arrived, we were well pleased with the service.When dining at Sweet Georgia's Juke Joint, don't pay for parking. Park at the the Lanier Parking deck located directly across from the Courtyard Hotel on Ellis Street. Your parking will be validated here and nowhere else.
<review# 1109,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2011,10/15/2011,67,441,4,8,5>There are so few music stores left in town, other than the big GC, but Miller's Music and Pawn is still around and still selling used gear. You'll find them next to Pho 96, in front of the Flea Market. They have a ton of decent amps, used quality guitar cases for a good price, and lots of acoustic guitars. You'll see better names on the amps than the guitars. There's usually a stand up bass and a few band instruments in the shop as well. It's not a hipster's dream, but a working musician's dream .I always get great service here, too. People are happy to talk to you and answer your questions.
<review# 1110,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2011,10/14/2011,106,114,5,9,9>VICTORY FOR MY STOMACH! VICTORY FOR YOUR STOMACH! VICTORY FOR ATLANTA! It's open, it's simple, and it's delicious. The menu is as simple as the decor. Plywood tables with park bench style booths, brick walls, and cement floor. The menu featured less than a dozen sandwiches (that I hear changes daily). Each sandwich is $4.00. Two will suffice most guests. My first was a prosciutto, green apple, arugula, mozzarella & balsamic sandwich. I fell more in love with each bite. The second was roast & horse radish sauce. Good stuff. Service was strong, bathrooms clean, and the Inman Park location is superb. I will be back. Like tomorrow.
<review# 1111,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2011,10/13/2011,342,294,7,4,4>Yelper Ivan S. and  I headed over for lunch today then commenced to have my world rocked by Vietnamese flavors.The price point at Quoc Huong Banh Mi cannot be beaten for lunch ITP. For $14 we got four sandwiches and three shrimp spring rolls. The ingredients were fresh, flavors were vibrant and we could have ordered a fifth sandwich for only $2.50 more then taken advantage of the "Buy 5 Sandwiches Get 1 Free" deal.A great restaurant for two-to-four folks but with limited seating; do not attempt to take a big group as the surly waitress would kick you in the shins if you push tables together. This place is also randomly closed on Thursdays.We're going back for another $3.50 lunch of BBQ sandwich with cilantro, jalapenos plus spicy sauce and soy bean soda to soothe my palette..
<review# 1112,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2011,10/12/2011,149,289,,7,3>Definitely would return for breakfast. This place is definately a homey restaurant-it looks like someone's reworked an actual house into an eatery. Its clean, hipster-no-frills.There are lots of breakfast items, most of which are completely appropriate for the restaurant- simple, basic staples: eggs, bacon, pancakes french toast, grits, biscuits.Basic Breakfast - Pretty basic. Comes with eggs, toast, grits, but the option to mix and swap out whichever you want or don't want.BEST French Toast Breakfast - it sounded really odd, so, I wanted to try it. Bacon and raw tomato and spinach between two pieces of french toast. it tasted pretty good, but I definitely had to add syrup. Grits - Some of the best restaurant grits I've had. Try the cheese grits, but the original grits are just as tasty.Chocolate Chip pancakes - You HAVE to tried them. They're huge and chocked full of milk chocolate chips. Incredible.They have some pretty delicious bacon, so, you've got to try that as well. Overall, Its a nice little place located right off Memorial and Bill Kennedy downtown-east.
<review# 1113,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2011,10/11/2011,62,94,5,6,7>I may not eat for several days, and that is a good thing.  I ate here with a group of 6 on a Sunday night.  We ordered so much food, I don't even know if I will be able to remember it all to write an accurate review.  Before the meal even began, the house sommelier visited our table to aid us in selecting wine for dinner.  Those recommendations turned out to be spot on.  We immediately began with salad.  The Giardino was my favorite.  So interesting and different than anything I have had before.  Definitely looking forward to trying the Caprese next time.  On to the next course: L'Arrosto.  Oh. My. God.  The food foreplay begins.  Juicy, fall-off--the-fork slow roasted pork with some seriously delicious accouterments to make your own little pita of heaven.  Try dipping the bread in the jus.  Out of the this world.  Now to pizza:  Funghi + Proscuitto and Affettati + peppers and farm fresh poached egg.  Wonderful.  I love the texture of the pizza and the smoky flavor of the crust that is given from the slight char in the pizza ovens.  The Affettati is officially the best pizza I've put in my mouth.  Get it with the egg and swirl it all around on the top, phenomenal.  And yes, the pizza is served with scissors so you cut it yourself.  There IS a reason, and its not just a gimmick.  In Italy, pizza (the really good stuff) is not served sliced.  You slice it yourself because it preserves the freshness of the crust and pizza until the minute it finally graces your palette.  I also find it really great being able to cut a slice to the exact size you want it.  And then there was pasta:  I can't really comment on this, because I was so full by this point I think I was blacking out.  I vaguely remember the Setaccio (or "Kitchen Sink") being really good.  After a break, we ordered dessert.  The Pesche.  BOOM.  Literal food-gasm.  Sweet juicy peaches combined with this almost cheesecake like orangey cake, and basil gelatto.  I'm getting all excited again just thinking about it.   After we were finished, it took quite a while to get our bills straightened out because the computers were down, but being a truly quality restaurant, they not only apologized, but sent over complimentary cocktails.  Now THAT I can't complain about!Overall a great experience, its worth battling the traffic on Roswell, and you will be taken care of when you get here.
<review# 1114,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2011,10/10/2011,283,569,2,4,5>Chastain Park is a wonderful piece of green space in Atlanta. I love how the park is used for a multitude of activities such running, walking, tennis, baseball, playground for the kiddies, relaxing in the green grass, hitting golf balls on the course or across the field (take caution when doing so), and even concerts. You name it and you can probably do it at Chastain. The park feels like a very safe place as it is well lit at night and has a nice sidewalk that surrounds the park. It is abundant with wildlife, which is rare to find in Atlanta (outside of bars). This treasure is nestled in a nice neighborhood of million dollar homes off Powers Ferry and open and free to the public (excluding events).
<review# 1115,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2011,10/9/2011,95,60,16,3,5>I imagine this is how nymphomaniacs feel in a brothel. "I can have ALL the things I want?!?" (scrambles pathetically for change in pockets).It smells like the best of Italian and French pastry shops rolled into one (i.e., where god hopes to go when he dies). They have Argentinian chimichurri, the bottle of Montepulciano d'Abruzzo I've been looking for since January, rhubarb bitters, pancetta cured in house, and those little wooden honey spinners that I've never seen except in cartoons. I walked in and almost instantly had a culinarily-induced seizure. My head started spinning. Pastry counter, meat counter, oh my GOD what is that?? A standing napkin ring? A silver butter dish with a hen on it? WTF IS VICTORIAN LEMONADE AND GIVE IT TO ME NOW!So annnyway, I liked it. There is an element of the kitschy about it, no doubt. I don't care, because they have 25 kinds of olive oil and a whole section for dogs. I don't even have a dog, but I'm sure as hell getting one now. If you can manage to not completely black out in ecstasy such that you can read the price of the walnut paste/ ceramic cake stand/ wooden ice tea spoon, you'll notice it's substantially less expensive than you might imagine as well. And I'm spent.
<review# 1116,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2011,10/8/2011,57,149,8,7,7>Out of all of the 'international' farmers markets (that aren't quite farmers markets) in the Atlanta area, Dekalb Farmers Marker definitely has to be the most honky friendly.  It's also a good place to take out of town guests if their visiting, especially if they come from small towns that don't have such wonderful grocery stores.First off, the produce selection is top notch.  Everything looks fresh and there's tons of it.  The prices are also a bit cheaper compared your local mega-mart.  And the selection of meats and fresh seafood is great as well.  The only downside of the seafood section is that's too damn close to their baked goods.  Even though these might tasty looking baked goods are plastic wrapped they still absorb some of that fish stank.  Fishy tasting strawberry muffins are not good eats.I love browsing the candy and chocolate section.  The chocolate covered cocoa nibs are heavenly if you're a chocolate lover.  These nibs are bursting with so much chocolate flavor that it only takes a few to stop any chocolate craving without ingesting a whole lot of calories.  Also check out the selection of dried herbs and teas.  The prices seriously cannot be beat.  A big ass tub of various herbs and spices are typically less than $2 - 3.  It beats the hell out of buying that pricey crap in a bottle.  As for the dried tea, I got a tub of Earl Gray for $2.  I've must have drunk at least 40 glasses of tea and still have 1/3 of a tub left.  So much cheaper than buying the pre-bagged stuff.If you're like me and go to a grocery store on a empty stomach, you'll end up buying half of the entire store.  Thankfully, there's a small cafeteria inside the market that serves some mighty tasty and fresh grub.  So you can get your eat on before shopping.  And if you go on a weekend, you will have to deal with large crowds of people.  If you're not buying a whole lot of stuff, get one of the hand baskets.  You'll find it easier to navigate through all of the people.
<review# 1117,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2011,10/7/2011,174,174,5,15,7>Whenever you go to a party there is always another one right around the corner, right? At least that's how it is for me. I was out partying one night and got an invitation to another party happening in a week at The Pink Mansion. The Pink Mansion?? What is that exactly?? Curiosity got the best of me so I had to check it out. Pink is one of my favorite colors so I thought I couldn't go wrong. We drive up and low and behold, it truly was a pink mansion. It has a circular driveway so we drive up and park. There was a video projection playing a movie on the outside of the house. You couldn't really tell what it was but it wasn't for viewing just for effects. The music was loud enough we could here it playing from inside the house. They have the usual security check at the front door, safety is important so go along with it. You might not be the one they are looking for.Inside the lights are low and intimate. The dance floor is in what looked like the den area of the home. It is not your average sized room, it's big enough to fit a good amount of people getting their groove on. There are a lot of other places to sit inside the house which gives you different options as to where you want to hang out. As the night wore on the place got really busy and all anyone could do in there was sweat even if you were not doing any dancing. The two different patio area's was a nice getaway to get some fresh air and cool down. There is a big pole in the backyard, no one was swimming but you could walk over there and have a seat in one of the many lounge chairs that were available.It was really cool. It felt like you were at a buddy's house, hanging out at a private party. They served food and all the drinks were on the house, yes, I said ALL! The cover charge to get in is $15 a ticket.The bathroom...well all I can say is, it probably would be best if you didn't have to go, really it would.Overall I had a good time and might go back for round two.
<review# 1118,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2011,10/6/2011,131,242,11,6,6>Me + LCP + Jang + Hannah C. = Taking over Peter Chang's like bosses!After a couple of hours shooting guns, we worked up an appetite that only PC could satisfy.  It was Thursday night and the place was desolate.  We were greeted and seated immediately.  We ordered as follows:Dry fried eggplantCrispy swine bellyCumin lambBokchoi and shroomsSpicy hot pot with fish and scrimpsLadies and gents... take your prilosec before you come b/c this is ulcer heaven.  Great Odin's beard the food was flavorful and just enough spice to not warrant drinking a gallon of milk.  My favorites were the crispy swine belly and dry fried eggplant.  Both very crispy and golden brown.I've heard\read mixed reviews with service here.  I thought it was pretty attentive, but then again it was a pretty slow night.  You will need an ice pack for your bunghole....
<review# 1119,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2011,10/5/2011,140,143,2,6,7>The close proximity of my job makes regular visits to Le Triskell a necessity and a pleasure.  Michel and Rosemary, along with their daughter Elia have transported the delights of French street crepes into a nice cafe with baguette sandwiches and fresh salads.  They have both sweet and savory crepes, but the chocolate and strawberry has to be my favorite.  In the mornings, I invariably order an espresso longo and a chocolate croissant.  Do you see a pattern forming here?!As for the sandwiches, I love to indulge and order the brie and apple, but the veggie sandwich is delightful as well.  With fresh avocado, corn, and sunflower sprouts on a WHOLE oven-warm baguette, I don't need anything else.  But, if I'm even in the mood for dessert, I can order one of their decadent chocolate tarts!  They have the traditional salade niciose, as well as a Shanghai Chicken salad inspired by their time as restaurant owners in Hong Kong!I love supporting this hard working family and am always greeted by their recordings of Rosemary singing and Michel playing the piano from their nightclub days.  Come for the food, stay for the stories!
<review# 1120,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2011,10/4/2011,164,270,2,11,5>Thank you Brick Store Pub for having too long a wait tonight. That's where I fully intended taking my wife out to tonight. So, we drove over to Decatur from Smyrna, thinking of what special beer I might try. Alas, because it was a Saturday night, and because it is downtown Decatur, and because let's face it, Brick Store is amazingly awesome, the wait was going to be quite a while. So, I happened to remember that No. 246 had recently opened, I pulled up the menu on my iPhone, and immediately spotted a couple of things my wife would enjoy.We walked in, and were told by the hostess that the wait would be about 30min, which wasn't that bad. We sat at a nice table at the front window, deciding what we wanted. I enjoyed a very delicious and refreshing "Pimm's Cup, No Choke", which, although I don't like cucumber normally, was very good. It didn't seem like 30min, but we were called for a seat, and had nice seats near the open kitchen, within full view of Chef Drew Belline, recently named by Creative Loafing Atlanta as a "Chef to Watch 2011."Let's get to the food. To start, I went outside of what I would normally order, and thought the simplicity of this dish sounded appealing: Heirloom tomatoes, sea salt, EVOO, fresh basil and young pecorino cheese. The balance of flavors in this simple dish blew me away. So simple, yet so bursting with flavor, the tomatoes were so nice and sweet. I could eat this dish everyday I bet. Why have I not been eating this all my life??My wife ordered the Margherita Pizza. It came out looking amazing. The crust had perfect char to it, again, the simplicity of the pizza the star, not goopy cheese. We are huge fans of Antico Pizza here in Atlanta, and my wife said this pizza was as good as Antico, and maybe even better. That say a lot, as I see them as the standard bearer for real, authentic style Naples pizza. I didn't try it because I couldn't take my mind and mouth of my dish, but I take her word for it.I ordered the wood oven-roasted chicken with sherry bacon vinaigrette, long beans, and roasted baby carrots. Let me frame this for you. The ingredients for the "sherry bacon vinaigrette" include: Bacon chunks, sherry wine/vinegar, maple syrup, butter and spices. And AWESOME. Let's not forget that. Because between that, and the moistness of the perfectly cooked chicken, this was, and I stand by it, the best single meal I've ever had. Period. Hands down. The chicken had a nice crust to the skin, and smoke flavor from the wood oven permeated the meat, and affected every bite without overpowering. And all of those elements together, made for an absolutely perfect meal. I was full before I finished, but pressed on because the thought of throwing any away upset me.The service from the hostess to the server was impecable, there was no weakness at all. The server worked his butt off, and was so attentive it was mind-boggling given the fact the place was slam packed and he had a large part of the dining room. (His name is Clark, and not only was he good to us, but his knowledge of the dishes and the wines they offered set a new level for service to me.) I have eaten at lots of places over the years, lots of places here in Atlanta, and definitely some of the best, and I'll say this easily my favorite meal for different reasons. And one being the cost. The cost of this meal was a good bit under $50. And for the food I ate, with fresh, local ingredients, by one of Atlanta's up and coming chefs, the meal was WELL worth the cost.I highly recommend No. 246, if you couldn't tell. And I will be back, hopefully soon. I told April tomorrow would be a good day. (I may or may not be kidding.)
<review# 1121,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2011,10/3/2011,149,218,5,4,3>This is a cool bar located across the street from Rosebud.  Nice look and feel inside, they have a small patio out front.We sat at the bar, where service was great.  Good beer selections, decent cocktail menu, and a nice variety of booze.The menu is a fun read, but is a little "all over the place".  Had the nachos, duck quesadilla, and the salmon.  All were small plates, which seems the way to go since I only saw two entrees on the menu.  The food was good.They also do "wiener" Wednesday's where they have a bunch of different hot dogs.  Pretty cool.The only downside for me was the Grateful Dead theme.  It's not overdone, but for someone who doesn't dig that scene, it's a little annoying.Plus, how can you be the "angry chef" but be into the Dead?  Also, despite the name, there's a no dog policy on the patio, along with several other rules.  I'm cool with no dogs, I've never had a dog tell me that it wanted to sit out on a patio watching people drink. One rule I thought was a bit much was the one about no beer returns.  Didn't happen to me, but with all the craft beers these days, do you really expect people to know exactly what every beer tastes like?I better be quiet though lest I make it on the blog.  Arrrgghhh!
<review# 1122,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2011,10/2/2011,139,167,5,15,6>Even though tattoo places were some of the first things I researched when I moved here, it took much longer to get my next tattoo done.  These things are expensive, yo!  And I knew the next one I wanted was going to be bigger than any before it, so shekels needed to be saved.The reputation of Memorial obviously precedes it, but I also had a friend specifically recommend Malia.  Further research indicated that she was the Flower Queen, which fit the bill for my tattoo.  Plus, I'd never had a lady tattoo artist before and that seemed wrong to me.  So I called to set up an appointment with her, talked about my idea some using words like "Art Nouveau" and we set up a meet.When I arrived for a consultation she already had out a couple of books on Art Nouveau style and design, which let me know she totally understood the look I was going for.  I showed her some inspiration art and she took some notes.  I like her right off the bat and the studio seemed rad, and I was super excited by every other word out of her mouth because it just confirmed that she totally understood what I wanted and would make it awesome.At the appointment itself she showed me the drawing she had done and it was even more badass than I had imagined.  For the next two and a half hours we bro'd out about our home state of California (which included lamenting the lack of awesome burritos here in Atlanta and missing the water.)  She checked in with me frequently to make sure I was doing alright (my answer varied at different points) and answered questions about how tattooing works and technique.  As much as is possible when a needle is being gauged into and dragged across your flesh for a prolonged period of time, the time really flew by! When it was all over I was totally in love with both my tattoo and Malia.  In addition to her line work, her color mixing was spot on and her shading was lovely.  A great overall experience with the studio and I'll definitely be getting tattoos 6 and 7 (and possibly beyond...) with Malia!
<review# 1123,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2011,10/1/2011,296,419,4,8,7>I don't know about what Noni's is like during the day but at Saturday night....it's my favorite dance spot to go to.Here are a few reasons why I like it:1) It's very unpretentious. It's hipster crowd.2) It's not skeevy. People come to dance! This is a perfect spot for ladies to come here. You know how you go to other dance clubs and people are trying to grind up on you? Well you don't need to worry about that here. People are here to have a good time.3) No cover!4) Good looking people! It's pretty diverse as well.5) Shots, drinks, and beers are very reasonable. I got a Royal Flush shot for $7.77 (including tax)....so everybody get a shot!!!! Music is decent. Before the midnight rush, they play a lot of 80s and 90s music and then when the rush hits they play some top 40 hits to cater to the crowd and get them going "Like a G6!". I wish they played a little bit more hip hop but I'm not complaining. Keep doing the formula that creates this environment, atmosphere, and fun crowd.I wish Atlanta had more places like this but they seem to be limited to one.
<review# 1124,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2011,9/30/2011,427,432,8,7,5>A little birdie sent me this awesome email with discount codes for the Comedy festival at Relapse Theater.  Through this, I scored tickets to the ^$&$&! show (aka the "dirty" show) for $1.BAM. $1 ticket to an awesome stand-up show. Worth waaay more than $1, but hey, a discount is a discount.We showed up to a super friendly front-desk staff that showed us downstairs. There was tons of space and extra folding chairs so we could sit wherever we wanted. After ordering some PBR, we were told that there was a cheaper option for $1 less. "Would you like that?" Hell yes I would. We got about a new comedian every 10-15mins.. leading up to a 2 hour show. Every comedian was amazing and kept the crowd going. Extra amounts of rape and sex jokes, which is to be expected for a 'dirty show'. There seemed to be a brunette bimbo in the front row that apparently had a few too many cups of jungle juice and had problems making her inside voice kept INSIDE. Seriously, it took a couple hail marys and an extra deep breaths to not go to the very front and accidentally drop my entire drink all over her. Not to worry though, the 6th comedian finally cracked at this bitch and went off on her (in a great way for all of us to laugh at). She was so pissed that she shut up.Thank freaking god. Dear unknown comedian, I love you.Great show, definitely an awesome first time to Relapse. I need to come again, but I feel slightly spoiled after those $1 tickets.
<review# 1125,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2011,9/29/2011,129,504,3,2,6>So how could I not give a positive review to a place that had a beaming Vanessa T. clutching one of said Super Pan's products to her chest a la "It's Christmas morning and I got a dollie."?After seeing her coming towards me on North Highland as described above, I promised myself to swing by - which I did with my much better half one fine (and cold) afternoon.It's not cheap, but the value is definitely there.  First, let me tell you about how they earned the biz - with no gluten free options obvious for HER, I was looking at the menu with feigned scorn (this to encourage her to not sacrifice herself for me).  Ears perking, the staff (as well as Hector) swung into action and prepared her something that fit the bill.For me?A kick-ass Dagwood-esque sandwich that ALMOST had me packing myself some to take home.  They had bags of mariquitas, but the KICKIEST KICK ASS sides that they had were some malanga chips that were home made and only $1!  Very nice and very authentic.I had some Mexican hot chocolate as a combo drink and dessert and left very satisfied.Oh, they have a really weird set up there, but it works.
<review# 1126,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2011,9/28/2011,137,209,8,8,3>Legendary. Hilarious. Rough & dirty.I've only got a few words of advice as far as this place goes.. You've got to go at least once if you've never been. It's a right of passage, if you are in Atlanta. Be sure to be pretty torn up before getting here, it'll make the experience that much better. You'll see strippers well past their prime working everything they've got. EVERYTHING...Next time you have guests from out of town, bring them to this place for a true experience in every sense of the word. TIPS:* Come during the week- when they do karaoke, if possible to escape the weekend crowd.*They only take cash, so bring some to escape the ATM fees on the premises.*Come with a good buzz and open mind.*Karaoke is pretty awesome. You may have to grease the DJ. up in order to get your song called out.*Hand sanitizer isn't a bad idea as the "restrooms" are beyond ridiculous.
<review# 1127,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2011,9/27/2011,49,113,5,13,6>I can't even explain how glad I am to have found this place!  I am fiercely fiercely loyal to my repair shops - so even after moving out of Norcross for 5+ years, I still made the trek all the way to Gwinnett Mall to the shoe repair I always went to there.  And when I say always, I really mean I went like once a year when my pile of shoes that needed new heels or whatever has gotten to an astronomical point.Finally, I decided I needed to do some research and find one in Buckhead - found Peachtree Battle shoe repair through city search.. and what do you know it.. it's practically in my back yard.  So I brought a few pairs of shoes that needed new heels, and a few pairs of leather boots where the leather had scuffed off (some simple repairs) as a test.  AND since it IS called shoe and LUGGAGE repair, I brought my favorite super expensive luggage that I had snapped a metal thing off of there just to see what they could do and how much they could do it for.Well get this - they fixed my luggage for like 12 bucks - That's about half of how much I would have spent to ship it to the luggage company only for them to send it back and say it is travel damage caused by me and not under warranty.  I was absolutely ecstatic.On top of that, not only did they put new heels on my shoes (which I admit is a super easy job), but they shined them and put a new coat of leather dye on them that made each pair look branddd freakin NEW.  They even smelled and felt new, even the suede shoes.  When they say MASTER shoe repair they are not kidding!! The guy who works here mainly is the nicest most adorable old korean man who you can tell has sooo much experience and has so much attention to detail in what he does.  He even stuffed my boots with magazines after I had given them to him crumpled in a bag so that they would not lose their shape!I've come back several times after I keep finding shoes that I had sadly put in a crate in my storage closet b/c I thought they were unwearable, and each time I have been sooo happy with what they have done - and am rocking my old shoes all the time now as if they are new.Also note - they can fix handbags because they are masters at leather in general.  YES!  I brought my marc jacobs lambskin bag here that I had ripped the seams of and they said they could sew it back to look like new in 10 minutes time.
<review# 1128,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2011,9/26/2011,469,375,3,24,9>It's still 50% off on Mondays, which I think is a great deal.  On all other nights, the pricing is comparable to what you would pay at other upscale Italian restaurants, such as Sotto Sotto, Pricci, Maggiano's, La Tavola Trattoria, and Alfredo's.  The ambience at Dolce is modern, luxurious, dark, and sexy.  It looks more like a place that you would find in Los Angeles, which is cool. Because I was underwhelmed by Dolce's food on my first visit, I asked our server this time which dishes were the most flavorful.Foccacia (the complimentary bread) - really fresh, simple, soft on the inside with a crispy salty crust.  Great with the salami, cheese, extra virgin olive oil, and balsamic vinegar that come with it.  4 stars.Risotto balls - Salty, savory, and very flavorful indeed.  I really like risotto, but tonight I realized that I do not like risotto so much in the form of a fried ball.  My date thought it tasted just right, compared to the other fine Italian restaurants that he frequents.  3 stars.Lobster conchiglie - The portion did not look that big, but I could barely finish 40% of it.  Its sauce is rich, creamy, and very flavorful, and the portion of fresh lobster is generous.  I was impressed by the fact there were whole lobster claws (without the shell) in my dish.  4 stars.Grouper with orzo - I have to admit that I had low expectations for this entree, especially after the bland grouper with orzo that I had at Leon's Full Service last week.  Dolce's version is actually quite excellent, very flavorful and elegantly presented with a delightful mix of texture.  4 stars.Tiramisu - very rich and creamy, but not disgustingly heavy.  Light liquor flavor, but not too overwhelming for the girl who's allergic to alcohol.  I really enjoyed it.  4.5 stars.I'm glad I came back to give Dolce a second chance.  It's one of most romantic classy restaurants I've been to.
<review# 1129,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/16/2011,9/25/2011,1772,1772,5,20,15>Barkers Red Hots is a hot dog shop located in the busy Terraces at Windy Hill shopping center.  This is the same shopping center that houses a Fuddruckers, IZBA Crepes & Grill, Uncle Vito's NY Pizza, Red Elephant Thai Restaurant, and the recently-defunct Hashiguchi Sushi Bar.  With so many restaurants and other retail businesses, the parking lot for this development fills up quickly.  Not only that, but the spaces are small.  Luckily, there's plenty of parking in the back, which many people don't take advantage of.I went to Barkers' grand opening years ago and while the hot dogs were good, my coworkers and I weren't floored.  I revisited recently for lunch and the store was busy.  The restaurant reached seating capacity and newcomers had to get their orders to go.Barkers makes decent hot dogs and sausages, but they're priced a little high for what you get.  For example, I ordered a smoked Polish sausage and a chili-slaw dog.  At lunch, these two items alone totaled almost ten bucks (no drink or sides).  These are hot dogs we're talking about here.  Two regular size dogs should fill most people up.  They also have sides (fries, onion rings, salads, etc.) which you order a la carte.All Barkers' dogs are cooked-to-order, usually by the owner himself, on top of a charcoal grill.  He's got an open kitchen, so you can watch your dogs being cooked if you want.  When your dogs are ready, you let the employees know what toppings you want.  I had horseradish mustard and sauerkraut put on my Polish sausage and it was good.  This was a store recommendation.I like how the dogs are cooked-to-order, though there's a bit of a wait for them.  Both the hot dog and the Polish sausage had a firmer texture and "snap" when I bit into them.  The links were plump, hearty, and had a nice smoky flavor from being cooked over charcoal.Pretty much everything except the napkins are kept behind the counter.  This includes forks, spoons, cups, and the fountain drinks.  If you need anything, you have to go to the front and ask for it.  This is a little annoying since most casual joints like this have these types of things self-serve.Note:  Barkers is open Monday through Saturday and is closed Sundays.  They've been closing early (3pm) each day because of the extreme heat, although I don't understand why since they have air conditioning.
<review# 1130,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2011,9/24/2011,777,438,6,7,8>Ok, I made up my mind, this place has the best Japanese food E-V-E-R ( in Atlanta...on Bu-Hi....) Jk. Haya-san is very skilled and thorough when it comes to preparing the foods. He washes the shite out of the ikira. Not only that, but the quality and selection of ingredients is impressive. Hayakawa is the premier location for sushi in Atlanta. My experience at Hayakawa has left me with higher standards for sushi. It's unfortunate their hours of operation is limited now. I have tried a bunch of food there. They're all good. The hotate gai (scallop roll) definitely sits atop my list of favorite sushi. Oh gosh, so savory, makes me want to hit a high note! If you want artwork, order the $65 sashimi dish, aka Omakase 3. It's spendtacular and fantabulous, which means it's dynamible!  I like that Sushi House Hayakawa has fresh florals in the ladies' room. It now also has a high tech toilet sitting there. You know, the kind that washes and heats. Yippy ki aye! Yelp 365 #34/365
<review# 1131,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2011,9/23/2011,623,717,12,5,12>It's almost 2pm, and I am driving into town, looking to find a late lunch off the beaten path.  I spontaneously decide to visit Papi's, a local, smallish, Cuban-sandwich place.  I find rock-star parking on the street, and a slightly older gentleman walks up to me to introduce himself as Paul (though he says everyone calls him Shine).  Indeed, he's got a bottle of some kind of cleaner and a rag hanging from each pocket.  I'm shaking his hand and we talk briefly about my Volvo, which I say I may soon sell.  Shine laments the high gas prices, but seems to think I ought to keep the car.  I hand him $2 to clean the windshield, and go inside to grab my sandwich.  I'm almost glad it's 2pm, since this place is usually slammed during the lunch hour.  And it must have been a busy day, because the lady behind the counter has a hard time smiling.  But I manage to get a small one out of her, and order a Pollo Cuban, which is yummy.  Indeed, I've never had a bad meal here.  This small kitchen turns out some impressive food.  There are daily specials which are worthy of your attention.  But I go for the Cuban Sandwiches.   And some yucca fries.  As I'm eating, a younger fellow walks in and after standing in line for a minute leans over to ask me, "What kind of restaurant is this?'I wonder how he missed the sign on the door, or on the window, or on the marquee, or on the menu, and reply, "Cuban."  It's not a language thing.  Maybe he's blind?  But no, he can see me.  He leaned over to talk specifically to me.  And through his dark and stylish sunglasses he's definitely looking me in the eye.  "What is that, a sub?"  And he can see my sandwich."Kinda.  It's a Cuban sandwich.  Made on Cuban bread with melted cheese and it's really good.  This one is made with chicken.  You can see the descriptions on that menu."  And I point to the menu.  We're only three meters away from it."What kind of chicken?"What kind of chicken?  As in species?  "It's just sliced, roasted chicken underneath some cheese, lettuce, and tomatoes.  But you may want the 'Authentic Cuban Sandwich' made with pork.  It's at the top of that menu.  It's the thing this place is known for.""What's in it?  What's it come with?"  And I tell him, walking him through some options.  Noting the vegetarian offerings, and extolling the virtues of frijoles negros, Ropa Vieja, jerk chicken, and good Cuban cooking in general.  Finally, I deferred to the cashier as it's his turn to order.  Which he does, with a little difficulty.  But she takes good care of him.  His to-go order eventually arrives and he leans over again to specifically thank me on his way out.  I smile and wave, beginning to wonder maybe if he's simply illiterate.  But I finish my sandwich and it's time to go.  It looks like Shine has cleaned my windshield.  He is standing behind my car with a pained look on his face.  Another gentleman (dressed in a suit) seems to have Shine's arm, and I think he's praying with/for/at Shine.  I nod to Shine.  Shine smiles and nods to me.  And I think to myself, "Man, that was a good sandwich."
<review# 1132,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2011,9/22/2011,244,602,21,10,13>I first tried El Burro Pollo ages ago, but held off on a review because, honestly, my burrito was kind of dry. This disappointed me in a way food shouldn't. I mean, it's not like the burrito called me up one random day and told me he's dropping organic chemistry because he thinks med school is a joke and he wants to do something else. And it's not like he floated around, moving from major to major before ending up majoring in friggin' PSYCHOLOGY of all things. That's a GIRL major. So what if he got into a PhD program? How is he supposed to make a living off of PSYCHOLOGY? Stupid burrito.Um, and about all that: Sorry, mom.Anyway, I knew my burrito had more potential, not only because he had some kick ass GRE scores, but also fellow Yelper James H.'s burrito was juicy and luscious and he ordered that thing literally 30 seconds before I did. But whereas James got his burrito immediately, I had to wait for Chef Hector to go through his assembly line of 6 other burritos before completing mine. By that time, somehow, my burrito meat dried out.Unfortunately, it took me a while to return. College football got in the way. Now that Auburn bought its way to a championship, my Saturdays are free for me to go eat burritos in a parking lot which is what James and I did.I'm glad to say that my burrito was indeed juicy and luscious. And spicy. And BIG. Don't expect variety. You'll get chicken or tofu. Or, I guess you can request chicken AND tofu, but then you'd be weird. The tortilla isn't made in-house, but since it's prepped on the open flame grill, it takes on some of that rustic smoke flavor. The many-flavored lemonade(s) (depends on the day, really) are good, but hold off drinking it. Otherwise you'll be halfway through your enormous burrito, bite into something spicy and have to suck on your leftover ice. We also ordered chili, a special of the day. Now THAT folks, was awesome. I daresay it was better than the burrito.OK, ambiance is lacking. Well, it might be lacking for some. You're standing in a parking lot for crissakes. For foodie douchebags (of which I have to count myself as one), it seems novel, rustic and paradoxically urbane at the same time. My parents ( who are NOT foodie douchebags) would say, "Why are we eating in a parking lot? One table? Do we have to eat with strangers? And when are you ever going to take your MCAT?" So take that as you will. I certainly enjoy the experience and I enjoy the burrito. I LOVED the chili. I'll give 4.5 stars, rounded down to 4 because of that dry first burrito.
<review# 1133,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2011,9/21/2011,216,175,20,11,8>I have to say I'm a little biased because the owner kind of has a thing for me. Every time I walk in, she says "What would you like, my love" or  "Let me check, my love". This is especially painful for me since I have a weakness for Caribbean women and I'm pretty sure she does in fact love me.I suffer through my pain, though, since the food is so good and so well priced. Takeout meals from the buffet are something like $5/lb, and they don't soften up the spices for the American palette. I had them cater my son's birthday party, and the heat from the jerk chicken made my nose run and blew out some of my guests. Good stuff right there.They have a big sign that says they are in no way associated with the Tassa Roti in Decatur (evidently some failed business venture), so don't go to that one assuming you'll have the same experience.
<review# 1134,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/15/2011,9/19/2011,458,1067,96,39,38>As I was contemplating how to write this review I initially planned to claim my story was completely hypothetical as to avoid the embarrassment of admitting that I'd been locked up. Then I started to think about it and at this point in my life it's not that big of a deal. I mean, everyone did stupid stuff when they were young, right? Also, I'd feel really stupid if the topic I chose for my 800th Yelp was deleted because of a TOS violation for not having first hand knowledge of the experience.There's nothing fun about going to jail. Fortunately, I was really drunk and prior to arriving I consumed so much alcohol that I was out of it (read: unconscious) for most of my stay here.Here's what I appreciate about this facility compared to others like the Fulton County Jail. They're set-up to book offenders, get them to court, and then release them in a reasonable amount of time. By the next day they're trying to clear the place. How many times have you heard about people being stuck at Rice Street for days or weeks before being released? I can think of a few and clearly enough for it to be under direction of a federal court order for the last few years. Atlanta City Detention Center? No lawsuits. No deaths. No overcrowding.Apparently this is a popular place on the weekend. I was arrested on a Friday night and all of the seating filled up as people were dropped off and laid down to sleep. I passed out on the floor with a bench above me where someone else was sleeping. When I woke up the TV's in the main room (yes, there's television here) were showing coverage of Space Shuttle Columbia exploding. That and many other reasons guarantee I'll remember this night in jail for the rest of my life. Coincidentally, this was the most expensive Friday night I've ever had and I hope I never repeat it.One of - if not THE - worst hangovers in my life started in the morning. Every time I stood up I would projectile vomit. It was so bad they had to have an inmate come from "upstairs" to follow me around with a mop and a bucket. All things considered, I thought that was pretty nice. It was also nice of them to grant me a signature bond just as folks were being called to go "upstairs." I'm still not quite sure what "upstairs" meant. All I know is the upstairs people were wearing orange and probably weren't leaving anytime soon.So, why three stars? That's probably as high as I could ever rate a jail. The facility is well staffed, I felt relatively safe and comfortable, it was easy for my father to claim me, and they gave me a personal attendant to clean my vomit. Regardless, I have no desire to return. God willin' and the creek don't rise, I won't be back.
<review# 1135,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2011,9/17/2011,172,868,9,4,6>As a young girl with an unhealthy obsession with bridal magazines, I had fostered an image of romance for years, usually some over-wrought fantasy involving a European vacation, candlelight, and a bill for roses that would rival that of all the seasons of "The Bachelor" put together.However, after dining at Antico, I think I have redefined my definition of romance to be a brightly lit kitchen, Italian opera playing over a boom box splattered with flour, a cheap bottle of red being drunk out of plastic cups, and a fantastic pizza (or calzone).  Yes my friends, *this* is my idea of a perfect date spot.
<review# 1136,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/24/2011,9/16/2011,158,678,13,6,9>Me: I'm going out tonight.Grandma: Where to?Me: This place that is a throwback to the old speakeasies where you have to know the password.Grandma: Oh, like during prohibition?Me: That's the name, actually!Grandma: I bet I know the password! Ah, I remember going to Philadelphia for this sort of thing...You know when your night starts with your grandma giving you props for going to a secret lair to drink, it's going to be a good night. Getting in was no problem and the booth is pretty easy to spot. Sat on some nice comfy couches, scoped out the drink menu, and lo and behold there's a drink from 1920s Philly sitting there filled with gin and goodness on there. I had to drink to my grandmother for round one (followed by a toast to Singapore for round two - a decidedly much stronger drink).Drink prices are a little high, but these are the classics. If you're going to drop $14 on a drink, it might as well be an oldie but a goodie, right?The staff was none too friendly and the clientele... let's just say I was stuck in an episode of Cougar Town and couldn't get out (I guess they missed the Johnny's Hideaway memo). That definitely put a damper on the night along with the price, but I went against the rules and got tipsy enough to stop caring that our waitress didn't want to bring us our check for a half an hour.There is smoking in here as well, though not as bad as I was expecting. Only one person was lighting up. It's enough to keep me from coming back repeatedly (along with other factors) but I realize that they choose to allow smoking and it's my choice to call the phone number or not. Can't hold it against them in the stars department, but consider yourself well-warned!It's nice that something like this is in Atlanta and able to recreate the classics, but it could certainly use a little improvement. All in all, though, I was glad to have a drink to honor my grandma and try something new. Cheers!
<review# 1137,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2011,9/15/2011,50,240,4,7,7>If you haven't been before, the $10 pasta deals on Monday are reason enough to give it a try. We had a great meal here several weeks ago and recently returned to see what Molto Monday had to offer. What we found were six pastas priced at 10 bucks each -- three dishes from the regular menu, plus three specials. Because we were saving on the entrees, we decided to get some starters even though we weren't massively hungry. Nova got a caesar salad while I tried the bruschetta. It was merely alright. This could've been 'cause I had my heart set on the burrata, one of the best things I've eaten this year. Unfortunately, they'd stopped serving it due to issues with getting the cheese through Customs. Entree-wise, Nova ordered the Roman-style cacio e pepe -- one of the night's specials. It was simple and simply delicious -- wide noodles served in a buttery cheese sauce with cracked black pepper. I, on the other hand, had one of the menu staples, the manicotti stuffed with beef, pork and veal. For just $10, I was shocked by the portion size: there were three large tubes! I ate every damn bite, too.Little did we know, we were going to save even more money on this particular visit. We recently signed up for Fifth Group's loyalty card and when I presented it, they took $20 off our check because I'd recently celebrated my birthday. Funny thing is, we dined at a sister restaurant on my actual birthday and they didn't do anything. So kudos to the management at La Tavola for giving a discount on top of a discount.
<review# 1138,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2011,9/14/2011,257,221,3,7,5>I've ordered from Zifty a couple of times during the last month because of the weather.  Lord bless Zifty and its crew for being willing to brave the cold because I want a taco.  The upside of a delivery service is that you don't have to leave your house and deal with the public.  The downside is cost.  Cost is relative, but Zifty's services aren't cheap. There is a delivery charge and the price of the items are also increased.  I'm okay with the delivery charge but the increase in price on the items is a tad bit shady because it's not just a few cents - it's more like a buck or so.  I had a great experience with customer service when I was mistakenly charged more on my credit card.  I sent an e-mail and received a phone call from the manager less than an hour later saying they would be correcting the charge.  This act got them four stars instead of three because I believe in customer service.  What's great about this delivery service is that they deliver a lot of stuff - not just food. When I told a friend about Zifty, she asked me, "Even tampons?"  Yes, they will even deliver tampons, but they probably double the cost due to the perceived embarrassment of buying feminine hygiene products (never thought I'd get to use that phrase in a review!)Zifty definitely gets two thumbs up, and I wish I knew how to type the two thumbs.
<review# 1139,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2010,9/12/2011,214,189,,11,7>In the thirteen-plus years since I started rock climbing in gyms, I inadvertently spoiled myself with my first rock climbing gym experience.  When I last went to Xtreme Rock Climbing in Miami, I found the staff completely eager and engaged to helping all climbers to a edifying and entertaining experience.  They would update routes regularly, compelling the members to work harder to solve the problems they faced on the walls, before their next visit would find a new, different problem to solve.  The size of the gym also added to the variety--we could challenge ourselves on positive and negative routes of varying difficulty.I bring this up, because heretofore Atlanta's climbers lacked a truly first-rate gym. While Wall Crawlers has the wellspring of new routes, the size of the gym limits the variety; and the sizable Atlanta Rocks very seldom updated their climbing routes in any timely fashion (on my last visit, I recall seeing a route that had been there some several years prior). Stone Summit, however, has appeared to fill that void. Claiming to be the largest climbing gym in North America, Stone Summit certainly provides enough variety to climbers of different ability levels.  They have auto-belay devices, which, while they're likely provided for children's parties and amateurs, can fill in for a group lacking mutual belayers.  I spoke with a staff member who told me that over the course of a month, they change out a quarter of the routes in the gym, so members working on problems would definitely have the drive to better their techniques before losing the crux of a key route. The prices are comparable to the other gyms in town. I'm not entirely sure if I got the pricing correct, but the charges on my initial visit suggested that gear rental is included in the daypass price, which is a definite bonus to climbers lacking the requisite climbing shoes and harnesses.
<review# 1140,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2010,9/11/2011,787,655,1,9,6>Awesome burger with pickled onions, homemade pickles, cheese, bacon...wonderful!! Not to mention the goat cheese fritters (reminiscent of Ecco's but not as light) with honey and cracked black pepper-I may be able to eat a plate full of them. I also tried one of Dog Fish head's beer it was awesome tasted lightly of chai tea, and will fall coming in I can see myself going back to order think drink over and over again.
<review# 1141,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2011,9/10/2011,113,107,5,9,8>WOW! Lottafrutta is amazing, and if you haven't gone yet...you need to get out of your chair right now. Step away from the computer. I mean it! And head over there NOW. You'll be transported. The place is so fun and amazing. When you walk in, you'll get a grand tour of the menu if you need it, along with any explanations or questions answered. Especially if you are newly vegan like me. Substitutes are happily offered for juice, milk, water, depending on what you need.We were given a sample of the most amazing ice pop - Wanna Guanabana. I got the Cremolatta lotta fruit cup - banana, grapes, watermelon, the HUGEST juiciest strawberries I've ever seen, cantaloupe, and a homemade coconut creme that was like crack - so good. I couldn't believe it was vegan.  You couldn't have a friendlier staff, or a better atmosphere. I can't wait to try one of the sandwiches...or go back for that Wanna Guanabana.
<review# 1142,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2011,9/9/2011,29,209,1,17,8>My first visit to VFC, I tried the fish and chips for lunch, and they were standard, but tasty and good quality.  The service was good, and the decor is classy.My second visit was for dinner with friends - I had the surf and turf, which was pretty delicious.  The steak was cooked well (maybe needed a tiny bit more seasoning) and the lobster tail was yummy (only a little small).  We enjoyed the complimentary hush puppies and biscuits.  The lobster mac and cheese was yummy, but too expensive.  My friends had the seafood bouillabaisse (good, just a bit salty) and the crab-stuffed flounder (also tasted good, but had too many bones in it).  I didn't have a cocktail, but the menu looks great. Service was solid, they divided checks easily (always wins points!) and there's not another seafood spot in Vinings, so I like it.  Although it's really too expensive to visit often, I enjoy the food.
<review# 1143,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2011,9/8/2011,209,595,14,12,8>Damn it!! Why did this shop have to open so close to me? Every day, while walking my dog, I feel an urge to walk through Cabbagetown Park and stop at this little shop of deliciousness and sunshine. Sweet Cheats is so not good for my diet. Luckily they have mini versions of their cupcakes, known as cruffles. These aren't your average cake pops. I have always laughed at the idiots who think cake pops sold at bakeries are good. You can make the same at home with just a box of cake mix, jar of icing, shitty melting chocolate discs, and a stick right? Right. Well that may be so for most places, but for every sweet cheats giganto cupcake in delightful flavors (never had any of the big guys), there is an accompanying cruffle made with the same cake, icing, and dipped in some high quality chocolate. 3 bites of awesomeness on a stick. I have only had the cruffles since I am trying to keep my self on a fairly serious diet, but I have tried about 4 different flavors of cruffles. The coffee flavored one with cookies, choco sauce, walnuts and a coffee/hazelnut buttercream icing mixed in was MFing divine. The crunchy monkey, made up of banana white chocolate cupcake, banana pudding, graham crackers, and banana buttercream icing came in at a close second. Other flavors I have enjoyed were the pumpkin one and the the choco champagne flavor. While my want-to-be-skinny self is pissed that such an awesome place opened super close to me, my fat girl self is shouting hurray from the rooftops!
<review# 1144,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2011,9/7/2011,489,857,6,16,10>Giovanni's just got upgraded to 5 stars. I've been to several Italian restaurants in Atlanta that serve pasta, and Giovanni's belongs on my top 2 list for the best Italian restaurant in Atlanta.  If I'm craving pasta, I don't need to go anywhere else but Giovanni's (except for that one place in Roswell that serves the best gnocci ever. Why do all the decent pasta places locate themselves far out into the suburbs?).One main reason is because of the distance. The distance helped me to come here multiple times and try out several dishes. They all tasted excellent. I don't think I had a dish here that I thought tasted  just average. Trying out a wide range of dishes helped to convince me of its 5 star rating. The quality seems always high quality to me. I also did one thing I rarely do at a restaurant: I ordered dessert.  Usually, when you order dessert in a restaurant, it's some ice cream and cake bought at Publix--which they charge $4 for. You can just go home and get the same dessert for much less without much effort. But Signor Giovanni assured us they hand make their cannoli. The cannoli had a deliciously creamy texture with the hard, crunchy exterior. It was also the best cannoli I had. I liked it better than Antico's since Antico's had a bit of a citrus taste (I don't like citrus in non-citrus foods). Giovanni's, instead, was just pure creamy goodness. The garlic bread is stil the best. I dream about their garlic bread. They're sweet, garlic-y, and just plain good. My only flaw I see is the salad they give you before the main entree. It's a bit boring. Oh well, you can only do so much with salad so it's no big deal. Signor Giovanni runs this small shop by himself. He does the job of being the server, and he's quite friendly and funny. The mom and pop shop feel of the place gives it a nice atmosphere. It's located at a random place in Austell, so it doesn't get as much business it deserves. At the same time, I am glad it's there since it's very close to where I live. And it's hard to find good dining where I live in Mableton. If you make a trip out to the boonies in Austell, check out this hidden gem.
<review# 1145,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2011,9/6/2011,338,442,2,7,5>When I first heard about the closing of Chong Qing Cuisine & Hot Pot, I was pretty crestfallen- the food was solid, and the prices were phenomenal.  With Gu's Bistro, the food is every bit as good (if not even better than Chong Qing), but pricier.  Small dishes range from 7-9 dollars, while larger entrees range generally from 10-13 dollars.  Here's what we had:Spicy numbing Beef Tendon- Cooked with some simple celery, this dish was my favorite.  The tendon had just the right "Q" chewiness, with the chili numbing oil flavor fully permeating each bite-sized piece.  I cleaned up this one.  The portions weren't so great, but the flavor more than made up for it.  (4.75)Xiang guo Tofu (Szechuan style tofu)- Stir fried with caramelized onions and julienned red-peppers, the sauce covering this tofu was very tasty.  However, the sauce did not permeate into the relatively thin pieces of fried tofu.  Still, worth a shot.  (3.75)Chong Qing Spicy Chicken- A generous portion of diced chicken covered in red chili peppers and sliced garlic, all in a basket.  Very tasty.  It doesn't have the crispy fried texture found at Tasty China or Chong Qing Hot Pot in Chinatown, but it definitely rivals both of those in its own right.  (4.25)  Lotus root stir fried in white sauce- Our party of 6 agreed that we should probably order something non-spicy to help cool our palates.  It was exactly what we needed.  Thin slices of lotus root bathed in the white sauce with scallions had enough flavor to stand on its own, but complemented everything else very well.  The texture may be a bit of an acquired taste...but if you're familiar with it, this is a hit.  (4.25)Dan Dan Noodles- Chef Gu's rendition, while it didn't rock our worlds, was plenty solid.  The sauce underneath the thick egg noodles was flavorful, yet subtle.  At $7.25 for a rather small bowl, it's definitely not a deal, but it's still good enough to try.  (4.25)I'm really glad that there's a top notch Sichuan restaurant for the times I'm just feeling like something more sophisticated than the Chinatown foodcourt, at relatively reasonable prices.  I still crave Peter Chang's dry-fried eggplant every now and then...but this spot is more than a worthy replacement.
<review# 1146,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2011,9/5/2011,113,184,7,6,7>As far as clubs go I am pretty much a fan of this place.  Don't make it out to these place very much any more, but when we do, we end up here more often than not.  It is a 100 times better than Opera, although I know that isn't saying much at all.  We always migrate right back to the house room, although there is a big top 40 main room and a latin room for those that are interested.  Never paid to get in - they always have some kind of list or we know someone there who can work some magic.  Got a group of 25 in last weekend for free, so trust me - no issues skipping the cover charge unless there is some major act.  They are making the big bucks on the drinks anyways.  The drinks are decent, reasonably priced for a club, and not too difficult to get.  The bathrooms are never more than a couple minute wait (literally 1 or 2 minutes max) thanks to some better planning that other area clubs.  Tables are not outrageous but do require some advance planning on busier nights.   It gets crowded at the front of the club but luckily in the back rooms there is more breathing room.  One gripe is the stupid parking situation.  Last time we pulled up we were asked whether we want standard valet or VIP valet.  We asked what the difference was.  So here at Havana standard valet is $10 and it takes foreeeeever to get your car.  VIP valet is $40, yes I said FORTY dollars, but they will bring your car right out.  Rather than improving their shitty valet situation by hiring more valets they are just putting a premium on getting your car in a reasonable amount of time.  This pain in the ass usually happens at the end of a fun night, so I guess all can be forgiven.
<review# 1147,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2011,9/4/2011,122,249,5,6,6>Like Addy C wrote, Cafe 101 has re-opened with new management (and perhaps new cook?). The hubs and I came here on a Saturday to check out the lunch deals. We were happy to find that Cafe 101 has lunch buffet on the weekend ($6.95 for adults, $4.95 for children). What a deal! The food was pretty good on a whole. There was basil chicken, spicy (fried) chicken (nuggets), fried small fish, veggies (sauteed cabbage, string beans), meatballs, sliced beef with celery and baked tofu (dou gan), eggplant with shrimp, lo mein etc. There was about 12-15 different options. Oh, and there was a cold sweet mung bean soup with jelly that reminded me of childhood in China on hot summer days. It was just the right amount of sweetness, and very refreshing for ATL summertime.I felt like the food was very home-style Chinese cooking, and done well. The food was a bit greasy, but the flavors were all distinct and tasty. The price of the lunch buffet also appeals to the cheapos in us :) I have a feeling we'll be back soon.PS- ask for white rice, they don't set it out with the buffet items.
<review# 1148,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2011,9/3/2011,71,57,6,5,8>Laura N. pointed me to White Windmill for stop #2 on my cafe/bakery tour.  I was very impressed!  It was easy finding a table at 1:00 on a Saturday.  My friend and I each ordered the house iced coffees and went halfsies on a lot of breads & buns.  The iced coffee ($3.20) was better than any of the specialty iced coffees you'll get at Starbucks or Caribou.  I'm not going to go into detail describing all of the breads and buns we had because I don't think I will do a good job.  All of them were good and I'll rank them in order from best to not best based on my rookie bakery experience:1) Sweet potato bread ($?.?? - friend ordered)2) Pumpkin bread ($?.?? - friend ordered)3) Ham and veggie bun ($?.?? - friend ordered)4) Red bean paste bread ($1.49)5) Mocha bun ($1.99)6) Shu cream bread ($1.59)7) Tuna pastry ($2.09)As you can see, my friend did a better job of ordering than myself.  I know what you're thinking...what a bunch of pigs.  Well, I'll have you know that we ate about half of each of the above.  The rest went to their respective homes.White Windmill is very generous with their samples.  I dare say that they are more generous than Costco on a Saturday.I've never read a food magazine, but the cakes looked like they could be in one.  I'd love to have one for my birthday (are you reading this, mom?).So at this point I've been to White Windmill and Hong Kong Bakery and I'm going to draw a comparison to burger joints.  Hong Kong Bakery is like McDonald's and White Windmill is like Flip.  I like McDonald's for its value and no frills environment.  I like Flip for its high quality burger and hip atmosphere which you'll pay extra for.
<review# 1149,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/26/2011,9/2/2011,349,547,6,9,6>Smith's is a decent bar, with several different rooms and vibes--live music is upstairs (I'm eternally grateful that they let me sit at the merch table for a 21+ show that I had traveled to Atlanta to see before I was 21. Ain't never had a fake ID.), a bar area with high-top tables and a few booths, large dining room, and a pool and darts area. They only have four pool tables, so it's tough to get a spot on weekends. Weeknights are fairly quiet and you can post up at a table for a while. There's a change machine in the corner and apparently it's common pool etiquette to place four quarters on the side of the table if you want to call next.If you're economically-minded (read: cheap), Red Stripe is the thing to drink here--five bucks for a 24 ouncer. Not bad. If I can get good and drunk at a bar for ten dollars, I'm a happy girl. (Yes, I am a lightweight.) They have several decent beers on draft and a pretty good list of bottled options. Mixed drinks look to be generous. Bartenders are pretty friendly. Crowd is a little bit older. Tots here are delicious, but a little pricey at five bucks for a modest portion.The little parking lot back behind the bar is tiny and terrifying. I'd park elsewhere and walk a little farther to avoid dents and stress.Something whackadoodle happened at my last visit to Smith's, this past weekend, however. I slid into a booth and felt a weird pain in the back of my leg. One of my favorite tights had a good size hole in it (pour one out, y'all) and when I got home, the pain was still bad--turned out I had a HUGE (maybe 1.5 inch?) splinter in my leg from the wooden booth. Happily, I was drunk so getting it out wasn't so painful, but still kind of sucks. Alas.
<review# 1150,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2010,9/1/2011,515,139,6,14,9>Two words describe this sushi joint in Atlanta for me - Absolutely Marvelous.  From the food, to the decor, to the wonderful people who work here.  I have become somewhat of a regular and a fan of Sushi Huku and am now can even consider myself friends with the owners.  Now that's saying a lot.  They've won me over not only by their delicious food, but by their commitment to customer satisfaction.I've had the privilege of eating Sushi Huku's delectable sushi, sashimi, and sushi specialty rolls a total of about 7 times so far.  6 of those 7 times have been at their restaurant, a very well designed establishment that makes me feel like I'm in Japan; while 1 of those experiences was off site at a baby shower of a good friend of mine who had Sushi Huku catered.  On one of my visits, the owner was generous enough to treat me and my friend to a glass of their brand new Asahi beer on tap.  I was a happy camper. Apparently, I was informed Sushi Huku is an exclusive distributors of Asahi Beer served this way. nice. Presently, I try to come here when I'm looking to impress business clients with great food, and atmosphere, but w/o having to spend too much money.  The quality and taste of the sushi is certainly top notch and I feel the prices are very reasonable to what you get.  If I can add anythying to the discussion here, I"d like to encourage you to not be afraid to ask the chef or owner here to make you up a tasty dish of whatever he feel likes.  I did this twice and enjoyed not only sushi, but also some other excellent Japanese dishes.  Parking is plentiful so no worries there.Overall, I give Sushi Huku 5 star for food, 5 stars for friendly and personable service, 5 for atmosphere and decor, 4.7 stars for prices.Rounded down that's a 4 (but that would be ridiculous & plain mean in this case), rounded up, that's easily a 5.  Kudos & much love to you guys!  Keep up the great work.
<review# 1151,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2010,8/30/2011,130,170,4,17,2>At first I didn't want to come here because "Daiquiri Factory" is in all honestly a rather lame and corny sounding name.. however, I was brought here by a group of people because we were looking for a place to execute round numero dos of drinking. This place ended up rocking because:1)Drinks? Cheap! Something like $4 for a small size. If you check the drink menu, they rate each one by how strong it is, and the strong ones are indeed strong enough! I ended up ordering an "Orgasm" which was mango flavored. The bar looks kinda cool when you see it too - it's just a long row of colorful daiquiris in containers not unlike those Slurpee dispenser things you find at 7-Eleven. 2)Pretty good crowd, bonus was that they have a pool table with free games! The tables are self-sit, servers are randomly placed throughout to clean up dirty cups, etc. Apparently they also have food here, but I did not get to try any. i think I'd definitely come back - prices are cheap and the drinks are fruity. Next time would venture to try the food as well.
<review# 1152,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2010,8/29/2011,357,369,57,28,25>When a [heterosexual] girl loses her virginity, she should make sure it's to a dude of average size, and not a circus freak.It establishes norms, a reasonable level of expectation, and doesn't ruin the comparison factor for the experiences that follow.Unfortunately, I don't do enough vetting in my devirginations.My first pedicure was no exception. I'm not really the girly type, despite the egregious levels of gloss on my lips. I don't get my nails done, skin treated, or muscles massaged; and until very recently, I cut my own hair in the middle of living room.  That's how I got this far in life without a pedicure. For my Jesus Birthday, I decided a foot washing was in order.  I'd heard the breathless proclamations of Nouvelle's awesomeness and was hoping it would deliver a luxurious, relaxing experience that would deliver me into the Kingdom of Toe Curls.The salon itself was very minimal and lofty, which is, like, my shit.  No smell of chemicals, nor the assembly line rush and feel of strip mall spots.  No idle chit chat or inane conversation about life goals and breeding cycle.I know for a fact that a pedicure received elsewhere would only make me grimace, cringe, and wish I had the wherewithal to make Nouvelle my one and only squeeze. I don't know, dude, I'm a different woman.  Bottom line: I'm ruined.
<review# 1153,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2010,8/28/2011,122,259,7,6,4>This place is worth every single fabulously exuberant sticky fingered review.  I actually ate my food in the car, at a gas station.  You see, it was jam packed inside, and I had some of those tempura sweet potatoes (I die, btw) and me and my friend just didn't want our food to get cold.  So what?  Don't judge.  If you go to this place, you will want to do the same thing.  At least we we didn't take up a spot in their teensy parking lot.  What's not to love?  Everything that went in my mouth from Heirloom was delicious....and that is down to the thinly sliced pickles.  We had a pulled pork sandwich, baby back ribs, the aforementioned sweet potatoes and a brunswick stew. I wanted to try some more sides and some sausage links, but we were just stopping here for a quick taste before going to "dinner, dinner" at tasty china.  Again, do not judge.  I had never had brunswick stew, but  wanted to try it since it seems to be a very popular regional dish.  I didn't like it (finally, something I don't like) but my friend who is familiar with it said it wasn't bad and marveled over the large chunks of meat.Minus one star because I didn't have a sauce that I was really crazy about.  If it was an option, I would totally give back a half star because the meat is so fantabulously seasoned that you can actually manage without sauce. My family and I have lamented the lack of good BBQ in Atlanta, and I am going back TOMORROW for take out to see what they think.  So excited.  This is going to be what puts me in a whole other cardiac risk factor category.  Seriously.  Yummy yummy yummy!
<review# 1154,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2011,8/27/2011,68,272,10,6,5>Apparently this place is so popular that you have to make a reservation weeks in advance. They will even call you on the day of to remind you of your reservation.I guess they really did live up to their popularity around here. We had a great dining experience.Our reservation was at 8:30pm on a Saturday evening and the place was still packed.The trout for two was memorable. It was so tender, juicy, and flavorful. I'm not sure what spices and herbs they used, but it was so good. Even the skin was nicely crisped. We liked the chanterelle mushrooms, corn & fregula. As our server suggested, it complemented our trout very well.The dessert and coffee were memorable as well. We shared a chocolate & graham torte topped with toasted meringue. The three layers were a perfect combination. Paired with the french pressed decaf coffee from Mexico, I couldn't really pay attention to what my husband was saying during dinner.The whole time I'm eating my dinner, I can only think: If only I can cook like that... But I obviously can't, so my husband would just have to take us back there again!
<review# 1155,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2010,8/26/2011,216,468,10,8,9>I have friends who are Top Chef stalkers. They're from Northern Virginia and even fenagled getting an invite to one of the TC events filmed for the DC season. It was with this couple that I visited Brian Voltaggio's VOLT in Frederick, Maryland several months ago. So when they planned a trip to Atlanta, I expected the stalking to continue. The one "to do" item they had specifically added to my list was to get us a table for dinner at Woodfire Grill. Mission...accomplished.Since I've been on somewhat of a reviewing hiatis the past month or so, suffice it to say my memory on the specifics of our dinner have escaped me. However the image of our ear-to-ear smiles as we enjoyed our meal is still burned into my memory.We had the 7-course chef's blind tasting menu. There's something decadent and exciting about spending a chunk of change on a meal that's a complete surprise through and through. Definitely worth the splurge for the experience. Not one dish disappointed. And with a creative cocktail list and vast selection of wine, there's plenty of help available to keep the smiles coming.And if you're a stalker, like my friends, you might even be able to convince the busy chef to pose for a picture (which I'm sure he just *loves* doing).
<review# 1156,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2010,8/25/2011,789,691,1,16,17>Best happy hour deal ever! $15 = 5 small plates + 1 cocktail (or wine). I came with a party of 4, and we shared 20 small plates and several glasses of wine :) Food is VERY GOOD, value is UNBELIEVABLE, and our server Jason was EXCELLENT! If you want to order more, small plates are just $3, cocktails are $5, and wines are $3. Thanks to Pam A for letting everyone know a few months back about the great deal. Just be aware the happy hour special is only available Mon-Fri 5:30-6:30. Keep in mind, small plates are just small plates. The rolls are where you get the best value: 8 pieces per roll ... we got 8 rolls :) Everything tasted very good.My favorites:- Taksuta Chicken (fried chicken)- Age Dashi Tofu- Calamari Tempura (julienne cut calamari that were big & tender)- Salmon Skin Salad- Seared White Tuna- Slow Cooked Pork (small though)- Edamame- Gyoza (4 pcs)- Panko Shrimp (3 pcs)- Rolls (California, spicy yellowtail, spicy salmon, spicy tuna, seafood)Just ok:- Blue Crab Crunch (but liked that the texture was different from the other small plates)- Mochi Ice Cream (3 pcs) (not gummy which is what I'm used to)Our group enjoyed it so much we're meeting here again next month :) Definitely 5 star worthy from this frugal foodie ... just be here early to take advantage of the happy hour (aka "early bird") :)
<review# 1157,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2011,8/24/2011,144,95,24,9,8>I came in  the day before Valentine's Day, when an anxious, self-congratulatory line backed out the kelly green door.  They were handing out sushi-style menus along with tiny sushi pencils so as to expedite the line.  I couldn't jibe my claustrophobia with the checklist with the beautiful buffet of chocolates behind the milk crate set-up, so i held my breath til the rosy-cheeked lady called on me.and then, when the alley finally cleared, i was so overwhelmed and flustered that the only thing i could think to do was step forward, take the menu, and cover my face with it. 'ahhhhhhh.  i don't knowwwwww' and then she said, sweetly meeting my eyes,  "I don't mean to hold you up, but i'll explain them all to you, if you want".    halle-fucking-lujah. dude, these are the Best Chocolates in Atlanta.  everyone knows it.  These broads could be hawking this shit on the side of 85 in a lean-to and everyone would be huffing fumes just to get some.    maybe one of the best things i've ever tasted: the dark chocolate brie walnut fig thinger.  or the balinese sea-salt whatjamajig. or the bread crumb chocolate bark.  it's all good, even the things you don't like are good.you get the feeling she kind of digs it that highfalutin food academic types are ass up in her corrugated metal and bags of doorknobs.  you'll see what i mean-- it looks like a classroom trailer in there.  it doesn't matter.  she has the gift.  and no matter how she wants to give it, we all line up to buy.
<review# 1158,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2011,8/23/2011,97,276,5,7,8>The Vortex probably has one of the very best burgers in metro Atlanta, located in the heart of Atlanta's kitschy L5P (while some people said it's in an 'unsafe area,' I immediately beg to differ!). It is really important to note you have to be 18 to enter the place at any time - even for lunch (I think? Definitely for dinner.). You'll know if you're at the right spot when you walk through the huge skull doorway...Last night was my fourth or fifth time visiting for dinner. It was pleasantly busy (not packed, like it is on the weekends!) and we were seated right away by the hostess (who was actually semi-friendly - which has not always been the case upon arrival). They don't take reservations so be prepared to wait if you go on a weekend evening (and I'm not sure how fast they can seat larger parties, it's definitely a tight squeeze on the main floor, but they have more outside tables upstairs, too). Definitely enjoy a drink from the bar while you wait - they have a wide range of beers and make excellent mixed drinks (one of the best dirty martinis I've ever had).They serve lunch and dinner with a variety of delicious burger concoctions - all of which can be subbed with a veggie patty, or turkey or buffalo meat instead of the traditional beef. And whatever temperature you like, you will get it cooked right. Suggestions: The burgers are enormous, so come hungry. Appetizers are all good (I think I've literally tried them all), they're fun and usually involve "gooey cheese" for dipping. The bleu cheese spread is amazing, based on that I would vouch for the pimento cheese spread, too. Final note: This restaurant is not for the weak at heart. There is nudity on the walls. There are bra-less waitresses that look like they might actually smack you if you give them any attitude. The hostess has definitely ignored me upon entering in order to finish her fairly lengthy conversation with another waitress. Some of the food is really spicy (don't worry, the menu clearly labels everything!). But I've always had amazing table service combined with excellent food. Be courageous. Try something different. Chances are, the Vortex will deliver and you won't be disappointed!
<review# 1159,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/21/2010,8/20/2011,629,185,2,6,4>Swankiest of Swank. This club reminds me of Vegas, which is a very good thing.Came here with Garce Y. and Brando for the One Year Anniversary Circus Themed Party - thanks to my stellar boss lady Kathleen =DWe got here a bit early, as we were banking on basking in free champagne and having a somewhat chill night. Upon entrance, we grabbed our glasses and hit the main room, which is covered in tables and booths. It can make you feel a bit inferior if you are not baller enough to get a table. We waited for about an hour, watching the great Circus Acts perform and enjoying the music, before we decided to get more drinks at the bar. Right around that time, the club began to fill pretty quickly with people and the tables began being occupied.The demographic is definitely a bit older than us (22 and 23 year olds here) which makes sense with how swank this place is. However, you don't really notice that as the club gets is packed with everyone who just want to dance and have a good time. Everyone there had difference dress codes - anywhere from Affliction & rosaries to Thermals & scarves.... Interesting right?All in all, we three had a pretty great time and the club really knows how to get a crowd together to generate that fun time energy. Hopefully, I'll be baller enough at some point to get a room/booth for a bad ass celebration.
<review# 1160,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/21/2010,8/19/2011,193,304,,8,8>Pretty straight-laced seafood restaurant with a focus on high quality, sustainable ingredients.  It's not upscale, but definitely not a fish shack type of place.  Feels on the nice side of casual.  I've eaten here twice.  Food selection and taste are mostly excellent.  The gravy on their shrimp and grits was some of the best yet I've tasted in Atlanta.  Interesting take in which they cook the shrimps two ways for textural contrast.  The massamam curry-like Sullivan Island shrimp dish was solid, though I was expecting more of a Creole flavor.  I could see the fisherman's stew being amazing when done right, but the one I tasted was overly salty.  Meaty crab/lobster cakes, not bad.  The she crab soup was damn good, packed with that intense shellfish flavor, with a respectably substantial consistency.  Had a bite of the fresh trout special--also fine.  Okay, so I probably wouldn't choose most of the $20 and above entrees over a good bowl of chirashi, but the shrimp and grits I can see myself coming back for again and again.  The drink selection is just about right.  With a small set of interesting mixed drinks to choose from, and well priced beer and wine menus.  Nothing crazy, but definitely not boring.  Terrific service.I also like that they open for dinner on Saturday at 4PM, when it's still very nice out.  This is just the kind of place Virginia Highland can use.
<review# 1161,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2011,8/18/2011,145,240,,4,3>I came off very impressed with three things here:1. Appetizers - every one of these was terrific. The grilled octopus, which is referenced in countless reviews, was a highlight. The beat salad is extremely impressive with golden and red beets, nuts, fresh cheese, and even beet sorbet (beautiful presentation). Lastly, the zuchini fritters elevate an often pedestrian dish - they're light and fluffy with some cheese and shredded zuchinni (not the more common spears or slices).2 The dessert. The best baklava I've ever had. It was earthier and round in flavor and the pistachio ice cream that accompanied it was perfect. The Galaktoboureko (semolina custard pie) were also sublime and reminded me of apple pie even without presence of apple. The loukoumades were kind of the throwaway of the bunch.3. The musicians were insane. They played for the entire two hours we were there without stopping. Like not once. I also enjoyed how they don't come table-side and create that awkward moment where you're obligated to stare and smile (and perhaps tip?).The pita and three spreads (red pepper, tzatsiki, and eggplant) were also deliciousI found the fish, for which Kyma is known for, to be a little underwhelming. My recommendation would be to avoid the grilled whole fish and get the more adventurous preparations - I have to imagine they're better. The service and customers are typical Buckhead for what it's worth. Oh, and they also charge 2 bucks, excluding gratuity for valet.
<review# 1162,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/12/2010,8/17/2011,213,662,4,5,7>The other day my boyfriend walked in and said, "Happy One-Year Anniversary!" "Oh, is that today?" I asked bug-eyed. To sweetly commemorate 365 days of courtship, he treated me to dinner at Ray's on the River. I began the evening with a glass of a German Riesling with Peter in the name, along with Oysters Rockefeller. I've never had O.R. so heavy on the spinach, but I need greens, so yay. I also sat intrigued by the bread distribution concept; a waiter stopped by with a bread basket brimming with different flavored rolls and slices, only serving the ones to which we pointed. I wish I hadn't filled up on two pieces, so I could've better attacked my entree. For my main, I requested the red snapper special. The blackened fillet sat on a bed of wild rice and black beans, topped with slaw. 'Twas super spicy, hearty and delicious. I envied my beau's choice, though, driven by our waiter's suggestion. A piece of lightly seared sea bass flaked into his mouth, complemented by cherry tomatoes and gingered spaghetti squash. While I was in the restroom, marveling at the hand soap AND mouthwash dispensers, the waiter apparently asked my companion about the dinner occasion. "No more!" he snapped, whisking away. As I arrived back at the table, he simultaneously served us dessert on the house. Somewhere between cake and mousse, the chocolate slab bursted with raspberry sauce, topped with a scoop of cream. So wrong! I've sufficiently praised the food and service and can't forget to note the atmosphere. The dimly lit dining area promoted quiet conversation, enhanced by the view of the river outside. White lights illumined the branches that made shadows over the water. I take it Ray knows how to treat women...
<review# 1163,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2011,8/16/2011,474,1389,1,8,7>Jimmy made reservations, so we were promptly seated at a 4 person table and greeted by our waiter, who cleared the other places.  We started with Champagne Cocktails and escargot.  The escargot was wonderful - the perfect texture, not rubbery like so many places.  The buttery garlic sauce that it was cooked in was just the perfect complement to that texture.  I was unimpressed by the garlic bread - it reminded me of the overly buttery, crispy stuff that you get with lasagna at large catered affairs.I had the Caesar salad while J had the lobster bisque.  The salad was not memorable, and the bisque was not as creamy as I expected, but it was delicious, with big chunks of lobster in it.For the mains, I had the filet au poivre, requested medium, and J had the special Pittsburgh-style ribeye, requested medium rare.  My filet was essentially a ball of meat - seriously, it was round... But it was delicious and very peppery.  At first I thought perhaps I'd made a mistake ordering it medium instead of medium rare, but the ball of meat was so large that the center was essentially warm raw meat, so I'm glad I'd asked at least for that.  Also, the au jus that came with the filet was perfect - just enough to cut the intensity of the peppercorns and keep the meat moist.  And the creamed spinach that came with it was creamy and yummy, but nothing that memorable.  J's ribeye was also delicious, with a nice char on the outside, but the meat seemed a little dry after the 2nd or 3rd bite.We split the bread pudding for dessert - AMAZING.  Chunks of peaches and apples, covered in cognac sauce.  So so so so good!Service was great - attentive to the drinks, water, and taking the empty plates essentially immediately.  I thought the atmosphere was a little cheesy, with the piano player in the background playing recent and not-so-recent hits, and the TV on in the main dining room.  I wouldn't necessarily call this a great date place, in the romantic sense, but the lights were low, the food was good, and the wine list was impressive.What a wonderful birthday surprise! #Yelp365 - 4/365
<review# 1164,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/31/2011,8/15/2011,245,510,9,11,8>This is the best Korean fried chicken I've had since the famed Bon Chon Chicken in the Super H Mart parking lot mysteriously shut doors.  Although they use more breading than Bon Chon, the result is the same:  light...crispy...juicy...chicken parts.Now, I know folks here in the South are serious about their fried chicken and probably have strong opinions on this topic.  So I'll step into the firing line and say, in my opinion, this is just as good or better than any of the famed in-town fried chicken joints.  I thought the olive oil adds a very nice flavor, but that may not be for everyone.  However, I've found that even the best of chicken joints in-town tend to overcook their chicken, but not here.  These were perfectly cooked chicken parts.  The olive original chicken absolutely kills it, damn.  Can't wait to go back to try their wings, fries, green beans...worth the road trip, without question.Duluth is just kicking ass and taking names with new restaurants popping up everywhere...quality ones.  Meanwhile, ITP...freaking Longhorns are opening up on Piedmont Rd...
<review# 1165,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2011,8/14/2011,1969,871,4,6,5>It's never fun to have an eye exam and know that every year your getting closer to the dreaded bifocals. This year was no exception. I've been wearing contacts for 12 years and decided this time I'm going to spring for a pair of cool designer glasses. I must say they look great. The entire staff was awesome! Hilarious and fun to work with. The Optometrist was young and very informative, I really enjoyed this place and would recommend it to anyone who might be a little apprehensive or skeptical about the eyes!
<review# 1166,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/21/2011,8/13/2011,179,339,3,4,7>Can't believe I haven't reviewed Pub 71 as I have been imbibing here on a regular basis for the past two years.  The bartendars are great and make you feel welcome when you walk in.  The clientele is diverse and the regulars are known.Being a live music lover, I enjoy the bands on Friday and Saturdays whether for background music while socializing in the bar area or when I feel the need to get my dance on (which is quite often).  The atmosphere is positive whether early in the evening when things are low key or at midnight when the party really gets started.  Pub 71 is a favorite of mine!
<review# 1167,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2011,8/12/2011,30,17,11,15,4>FOUR STARS + 1 FOR VALUE / QAP SCOREBeing able to write this review is akin to being an archaeologist opening a perfectly preserved Egyptian tomb, or perhaps, even the paleobiologist who captures a live Yeti after years of tracking. I must incorporate as much melodrama and unnecessary backstory as possible. The epic background story is that the Decatur Diner set up shop in Spring 2010. Neon signs went up early, shining beacons of light that proclaimed the presence, finally, of an affordable 24-7 diner in this city. Initial claims of "opening soon" were only followed by incessant posts in the Decatur blog pondering when the diner would actually open. This was then followed by numerous false rumors, and much disappointment. The neon lights became like mirages, offering hope where there was none.The reality is that I've been waiting for a Decatur diner, actually, for decades ever since I was a child. I was born and raised in Queens, where the 24-hour diner was copious, and, for some reason, something that my entire family liked. There is something quintessentially American about the diner-- the combination of cultures and cuisines on a single menu, often bursting at the seams with choices. Greek food, Jewish food, Italian food, you can find it all at the same place, on the same menu, at any given time of the day. Not to mention pancakes and hash browns. After moving out of New York City, I began to mourn the loss of the quintessential diner, with steel finishings and neons and a jukebox and an obnoxiously large menu. And, finally, today, there was a soft opening at the Decatur diner.Upon opening the glass doors, there's a giant bakery display (with Black-and-White Cookies!), neon lights everywhere, and a television silently displaying Greek music videos. All of which are good signs.The menu was also the giant menu of my childhood. Pastrami and reubens? Check. "Oriental Stir-Fry"? Check. Breakfast all the time? Hell yeah. Giant cake slices? Yup. Service was prompt, friendly, and (thankfully) efficient. They greeted us with a complimentary spanakopita for the soft open, and we ordered a moussaka, the Greek #3 platter, and a philly cheese steak. The entrees came with soups and salads, and everything came with bread. For the record, my roommate and I never leave anywhere with leftovers, really. We did today-- the portion sizes are humongous and very generous all around.Here's the honest deal on the food: Everything was good, fresh-tasting, delicious but not mind blowing. The matzoh ball soup was decent, although the seafood bisque was a bit on the salty side. The moussaka was a bit heavy on the bechemel sauce and light on spices, but made up for it in potato and ground beef. The Combo #3 featured gyro and grilled chicken on a pita, veggies, and domades (the domades were delicious, well spiced, although a bit off-balanced between the rice and leaves). The Greek potatoes were pretty good, although surprisingly not roasted, but soft and aromatic with just a touch of vinegar. This is the kind of food that you crave when you want something good but not too fancy. Everything is delicious but not perfect. This is not the place to go if you want to hear about where the chicken came from, whether it had a name, and whether it died a happy death. Decatur Diner is the kind of place you go when you want to hang out with friends or family and not pay a gazillion bucks for very decent food. Given the portions, everything was very affordable, especially for Decatur. The cheese steak was $9, combo was $10, and moussaka was $11. For the amount of food you get, including soup and salad and potato/veggie, it's very affordable. For reference, their breakfast runs from 2.75 for an egg and homefries to ~7-8 for an omelette.As we left, we were told that the Diner will be running 24-7, 365 days a week starting tomorrow, and we promptly planned on returning at 3 AM on Thursday.I shall close this somewhat melodramatic review with the QAP Score, which one of my friends invented a few months ago. QAP = Quality * Amount / Price. Decatur Diner QAP = Very HighDecatur Diner offers much in terms of Amount and a low Price, although it loses a bit in Quality compared to the higher end restaurants in the area. Overall, however, it earns a very high QAP score, and three new fans who are very happy and very full.
<review# 1168,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2011,8/11/2011,59,265,,8,5>Move over, Octane. Condesa's now my favorite coffee shop in Atlanta, and here's why:- Seating: Really quite comfortable. New, comfortable furniture that's clean and solidly built. Lots of bar and table seating, along with a few couches. Patio seating on the usual cast-iron chairs and tables is available outside.- Ambiance: Huge windows brighten up the interior during the day, and the lighting in the evening is quite pleasant, without being too dark. There's a bit of an urban vibe, but unlike Octane, it's a clean one, rather than a grungy and kind-of dingy one. And there are fresh-cut flowers on all the tables, if that's your thing. The never-ending traffic on Freedom Parkway and Boulevard is a little annoying, but you get used to it. And while this place has started to get a little busy, I've never seen it get uncomfortably crowded.- Outlets: There are plenty of outlets running along the walls, and power is really no problem. I think they have extension cords available; just ask.- Internet: Fast and free. It's easy to connect; there are no splash screens, time limits, or passwords to deal with.- Parking: So simple. There's plentiful street parking along John Wesley Dobbs Avenue, along with a free garage you can pull into. (The entrance is also on John Wesley Dobbs; look for the Condesa Coffee sign.)- Location: Fantastic location. For me, it's not particularly close, but it's a straight shot down Highland Avenue from the Emory area. Everyone from Cabbagetown to Morningside should have no problems getting here quick.The Intelligensia coffee is great: well-prepared espresso drinks and manual pour-over drip coffee. There's just under a half-dozen varieties of tea available at any one time, as well. And if you're not a tea and coffee kind of person, look for the menu of refrescos, including those flavored with blood orange and lemongrass.The food's just okay. The baked goods are pretty good, but the savory items are limited to bocatas and quiches. The bocatas are, quite frankly, a little mediocre. There are a few varieties available; I've tried the serrano ham and manchego cheese ($8). While the fillings were of good quality, the bocadillo/baguette bread was terrible: gummy, doughy, and all around unpleasant. I'm hoping I ordered it on an off day.I'm willing to overlook the food here for all the other positives, though, and I'm hoping this place will stick around for years to come. Take advantage of the ScoutMob before it expires: 50% off on your first visit, 25% on your return. I've also seen some good offers on DealSwarm and The Green Half. But I doubt they'll need these promotions anymore as word gets out.
<review# 1169,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2011,8/10/2011,264,265,6,12,7>Hooray for farmer's market!It goes from 10:30am-1pm, though I suggest come early to get the good stuff.Vendors so far:-Garlic Grove: sold pre-packaged bags of began brown rice, quinoa, spices, and other dry goods. Cajun one is really good!-Antico Mercante: varieties of specialty cheese around $10/pound. Italian man that works here is incredibly nice! Not related to Antico pizza down the street.-Fairy Wood Thicket: jams and jellies, tastes pretty average, thought they have a killer jalapeno one...very cute family though.-Dreaming Cow: yogurt place, see my review: (yelp.com/biz/dreaming-co)-H&F Bread: Holeman and Finch. I need to get on the review for this place! The croissants, pretzels, and cheese danishes are the best! The larger breads (cost $6) and baguettes are a little hard though. I would probably avoid the larger breads unless you're into really chewing bread- it's almost like jerky. Barb knows me because I can't get enough of the stuff here!-Zocalo: Salsas and tamales; both taste about average and are home-made by the owner.-Hundred Acre Farms: sold herbs and rosemary soaps....tried to explain to me what rosemary was, and how we can eat it, and "when you be a housewife, when you handling food..." ....yeah I left. -King of Pops: self-explanatory. I believe they are $2.50 a pop?-High Road Craft Ice Cream: possibly the best stuff in the world. I fell in love, and even visited the warehouse a few weeks later for a tour. I can't get enough of this place. This ice cream is so good I want to do free marketing and shameless promotions for them. No, seriously.--------------------------------------------------­------------------------------------------This event just began this year, and hopefully it gets big! If I were you, I'd just go to Emory's weekly farmer's market because it's much more established than Tech's, but we're slowly getting there. Emorians aren't the only ones into the slow food, organic, and local food movements!  Though it can get pricey after buying a little of everything, it's definitely worth a small splurge or two when they come once a month.Come support local farmers and producers and stock up for the weekend!
<review# 1170,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2011,8/9/2011,98,509,30,11,6>As soon as I checked into this place on 4sq one of my guy friends texted me "Really?"  And to that, I would counter with, "Yes, really!". Obviously he hasn't had the experience of Treat Your Feet himself. An asian woman massaging your feet for an hour for $25. It's a bargain and it feels great.You start off with ten minutes of your feet in a wooden bucket listening to various Chinese women talking about whatever. I can only assume they're saying my hair looks wild and sexy, because all asian women speak the truth.Then you get a 40 minute foot rub that waffles in intensity between the touch of a feather and an alligator bite. I told my masseuse to calm down the alligator bite to a iguana level and she was cool with it. I never understand why people complain about intensity. If it's too hard just tell them, they won't stab you with a samurai sword or anything.They used a ton of oil during the massage, but wiped most of it away at the end so I didn't slide around on my luxurious leather seats on my way home.The final 10 minutes ends with the strangest massage I've ever had. It starts with a scalp massage (ahhhh), then a face massage that felt like they were making my face look weird for fun, then a couple of fingers in my ears (ummm?), then an eye poke for good measure. It's kind of wacky but I liked most of it. At the end, for $25 plus $10 tip I thought an hour of relaxation was well worth the cost. Plus, you're right down the road from Crawfish Shack which gives this place double-bonus points!
<review# 1171,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2011,8/8/2011,124,182,10,18,4>Ah yes, the korean jjimjilbang.  It's made its way to America and I knew it'd be a hit.  In the land of overpriced spas, the cheap family option is king.  Not to mention the purported magical properties of the saunas.So as has been mentioned countless times before, Jeju sauna takes the concept of a japanese public bathhouse and makes it koreanized and largely expanded.  It costs $25 for 24-hour entry.  You immediately get a uniform to put on, which is a baggy shirt/shorts combo.  Afterwards, males and females separate and get their own locker.  You then enter a place very reminiscent of a japanese public bathhouse, with pools of varying temperature as well as various shower stalls.  Oh, and everybody's butt naked.When you enter the common room, there are three semi-spherical sauna rooms right in front of you.  There are also a few side rooms in addition to areas where you can get massages for an extra price.  Also to the right there's a kitchen with korean "food" at "modest" prices.  OK, so basically the food sucks and is exorbitantly priced.  There's also a pool to the right side but that doesn't hold much appeal in a jjimjilbang.The sauna rooms each have various "magical properties" that can heal you just by sitting in them.  If you believe that, I've got some nice beachfront property I want to talk to you about.  Each sauna room contains an element with certain properties that are supposedly good for your health.  These elements include gold and silver, charcoal, salt, jade, etc.  Obviously this is complete BS and the rooms are just heated at different levels.  Oh really, this room can cure me of poison? OK, next time I get bitten by a rattlesnake i'll just walk in here.Anyway, I'll get down to the pros and cons.Pros:- Cheap spa option ($25 for a whole day)- Nice way to spend time with friends or significant others- A nice change of pace from the usual family/date activityIt's korean.Cons:- The services are really highly priced and probably not worth it.  You can get much cheaper alternatives along Buford Highway- The "food"- The gym is basically three cardio machines.- Way too many people now, it's getting too popular.- The sleeping room is for women only, and there's no male equivalent.  Probably because all the dudes would be snoring obnoxiously so there's no real peace to be had in that version of the room.Anyway, I can't give it 5 stars because it isn't as cheap as in korea, and there are too many cons.  However, even with the many cons I've mentioned, it's just such a nice change of pace that it's worth at least one try.
<review# 1172,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2011,8/7/2011,91,277,5,7,8>You know those places that make you think, "Why have I never been here before?" Well, Five Seasons was one of those places for me.  I really like Five Seasons (and everything that they say they stand for), but apparently I have been living under a rock because I had no clue that this location has been open for 10 years.  I also learned that it was home to one of the original T.G.I. Friday's in Atlanta- who knew that Sandy Springs helped make flair so popular?  I had dinner here with a group of nine last Saturday, and it's safe to say that this place is great for groups.  There was something on the menu for everyone, the service was attentive, our orders were all correct, and our server split our check without even asking.  I don't think it gets any better than that.I started with a Munich Helles; I read "pale" and "have a few" and I was sold. Honestly, I was so thirsty after yoga that anything would have tasted good.  I want to try the Farmhouse Ale - they were out last week - the description had me at "honey." I had the sweet onion turkey burger (with sweet potato fries) for dinner, which was like Thanksgiving in a bun.  I really liked the cranberry ketchup, but I want to try the cocoa chili with the fries next time.  Some of the other orders at my table included the black bean burger and the portabello mushroom sandwich, which were both well-liked. The menu is reasonably priced and everything sounded good, so I don't think you can wrong here.  Five Seasons would be a great place to bring your family, hang out with your friends, or for a fun, casual date.
<review# 1173,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2011,8/6/2011,354,392,14,9,7>A few weeks ago El Myr starting posting pictures on their Facebook wall of meals I've never seen there, enchiladas, flautas, tostadas... and each meal came in a meaty and vegan option!  The husband and I had to check this out!When we sat down at our favorite table the waiter came over and asked us if we were ready to order.  My nerdy ass busted out my phone and showed him the picture from their wall and I said, "I.  Want.  THIS."  We got the tofu tostadas and they were awesome!!  Crunchy corn tortillas, tofu, a nice chunky sauce...drool.  The sides were refreshing for El Myr- rice, beans, and guacamole.  We tried to eat it all but ended up with to go boxes.  The downside of this story?  I ran some errands alone and came home ready to eat my leftovers only to find the to go box in the trash and my husband sheepishly looking at me with a bean eating grin.  He almost slept on the couch that night.
<review# 1174,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2011,8/5/2011,160,534,3,9,6>This place is a hit, either for you and buddies or you on a date.  Where else can you go in Atlanta and see one movie, let alone two, for 7 bucks??  No need to worry about expensive popcorn and goobers.  Make yourself some picnic eats, bring a blanket and enjoy the show.Couple of things you should know.  - You'll want to get there early to get a good spot-  Understand that when the movies are over, you're going to be in here for a while.  I suggest NOT trying so hard to get out and just chilling with the people or date you're with until congestion lightens.  Fun, fun times
<review# 1175,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2011,8/4/2011,792,472,,8,8>I've been wanting to try Ziba's since moving into the neighborhood, but it wasn't until tonight that I was able to test out their excellence. The restaurant has three sections...bar (filled with comfy chairs), indoor seating and a small front patio. Each area is ideal for a few friends or large group. Note...there's only street parking, but you shouldn't have an issue with finding a spot. If you have to walk a bit...just take in the beautiful Grant Park neighborhood.  Food -  The menu is split up into small plates, bigger bites, soups & salads, sandwiches and desserts. We started off with the hummus, which came with olives, pita and veggies. So fresh and delicious that I wanted to lick the plate clean. As for entrees...we all ordered something different...some got sandwiches, some lasagna, but I went with the roasted beet salad (goat cheese, baby arugula, mixed lettuce & toasted walnuts) and the Flatbread (artichoke hearts, feta, black olives, scallions & tomato) small plate. We ended the meal with flan. Everyone was very happy. Drinks - impressive wine list and a pretty large amount of specialty cocktails. I highly suggest you try the Ginger Collins (lemons, oranges, ginger syrup & Vodka). It's a delicious, refreshing lemonade with a kick. They also have a full bar...in case you're a scotch on the rocks kind of drinker.   Service - two thumbs up! We were greeted by Marcie, the owner, at the door. She is the reason why I love local restaurants in Atlanta. Her passion and love for Ziba's is incredible. She's also there every night...that's dedication. Hours - Mondays - closed (this is their day of rest...well deserved!)Tuesday - Saturday from 5-10pSunday brunch from 9a-3p and dinner from 5-10pBonus - they have chocolate chip pancakes with strawberry champagne syrup and whipped cream on their brunch menu. C'mon...need I say more?Overall...I highly recommend Ziba's. It truly is one of Grant Park's hidden gems.
<review# 1176,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2011,8/3/2011,40,33,6,8,8>You know that person that, when asked, says everything is "great"? Question: "How's that burger?" Answer: "Great." Question: "Did you like your dinner?" Answer: :"Yeah, it was great." You know, that type of person that is agreeable to just about anything and expresses little enthusiasm? Well, that person is me. Now, I'll admit reviewing places on Yelp tends to cause you to be more elaborate then "Great". And, you tend to review things you either really loved or hated. But, I LOVE Pie Shop. I *like* pie, I LOVE the pie from Pie Shop. The crust is unbelievable. It always has the right texture and balance. The flavors are amazing and it is so much more than standard pies. They do have standard flavors (apple, pecan, etc) but they are so far from being standard. And, she has some unexpected flavors. Have you ever had a watermelon chiffon pie before? I'm guessing not many people have but the taste was amazing and so light and perfect for summer. Let's not forget the joy of freshly made whip cream too.. yum. And, being southern, what is a true pie shop without trying some fried pies? By far the best thing I've had there was the vidalia onion/cheddar fried pie. It left me speechless - I could not even utter a "great". And, what is even better - the place is run by awesome people. Mims and Kim are friendly and happy to talk to you about Pie Shop and pies in general. This place is laid back and accommodating. And, the pies are awesome. Did I mention I LOVE the pies? So much more worthy than just my standard "great" response.
<review# 1177,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2011,8/2/2011,213,121,2,5,5>with a name like garlic, you better deliver on the taste.this is a great lunch place to visit in decatur!i don't know what's up with the bad reviews (from my fellow elites, no less).  their reviews would make me not want to come here.  luckily, i did not read them before going (nothing against them, i just didn't have time to read them before i went).  so despite the bad reviews, garlic gets 4 stars from me.i'm a little skeptical of thai places that are not found in the vicinity of doraville (don't worry, norcross, you're included).  i mean, i've been to my share of thai places both good and bad, but i must say i was pleasantly surprised with garlic.  lunch pad thai for 5.95?!?!  what the...?!?!?  you won't find that anywhere else.  my friends and i ordered: pad prik, noodle bowl, pad thais, and i ordered the green curry.  everyone was very pleased with what they ordered.  each dish comes with coconut soup (which can be substituted for miso).  i chose the miso, but was slightly disappointed.  the coconut was where the party was.  thick, creamy, and tangy like a coconut soup should be.  prices for pad prik, noodle bowl and green curry were around 8 bucks.my green curry was excellent.  also thick and creamy and the flavor was pretty awesome.  i would highly recommend it.  i also had a bite of the noodle bowl which was very tasty as well.  everything came in a very generous portion especially for lunch.  in response to heather n.'s review, their health score is now a 92 and i do agree that the paper underneath the soup bowls was a waste.  i'm hesitant to try sushi here cause if you know sushi, you have to be known as a sushi place, not a thai place that does sushi.  but i'd be interested to see how other sushi eaters rate it.  a tip for those who might be new to thai food: stick with the thai items both in apps and entrees.  thai restaurants tend to do thai stuff really well compared to non-thai menu stuff.
<review# 1178,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2011,8/1/2011,159,524,3,8,6>Leroy's Fried Chicken redefines the traditional take out experience by offering high quality food in a clean, friendly, and novel environment.Food: It should go without saying that Leroy's specializes in fried chicken; as such, this comfort food staple makes up the vast majority of its limited menu offerings. You have your choice of 2, 3, 4, 6 or 8 pieces of chicken, a chicken liver sandwich, or a fried chicken salad. For an additional charge, sides are also available and include  coleslaw, house cut fries, mac n' cheese, collards, side salad, or a biscuit. Beverages (no alcohol is served) include coke, diet coke, lemonade, sweet tea, cheerwine, red rock, root beer, and royal palmer (1/2 lemonade, 1/2 hibiscus tea). On my first visit to Leroy's, I opted for the 2 piece (1 breast, 1 thigh) and shared the mac n'cheese and house cut fries with my dining partner. Overall, I was pleasantly surprised with the food quality; the skin of the fried chicken was thick and crispy, while the meat was tender and well-cooked. The chicken also had a spicy kick to it, which was a welcomed deviation from what you would find in most other Atlanta-area recipes. The house cut fries were well-seasoned, perfectly crispy, and sizable enough to share between two, perhaps three, people. The mac n'cheese was ok, but the cheese was thin and lacked flavor. Contrary to other reviewers, I found the biscuit to be hot and fluffy; it was by no means the best I've had, but still perfectly edible. Service: Leroy's Fried Chicken is a food stand. Accordingly, there is no table service and you simply place your order at a takeout window. Once it's ready, they will shout your order number out for pick-up. Nonetheless, the staff are all willing and eager to assist you where they can, whether it be providing extra napkins, hot sauce, a to-go box, or a free lemonade refill.Atmosphere: Leroy's occupies a relatively small lot; as such, both the parking (4 spots) and seating (3 tables) are limited. However, I came for lunch on a Saturday at noon and had no problems finding parking or seating. If their lot is full, there is also parking along adjacent side streets or in the lot behind Chow Baby. The lot isn't nearly as difficult to navigate as other reviewers have claimed; if you have anything above a learner's permit, you should be able to back out your vehicle onto Howell Mill just fine.Price: Reasonably priced for the quality of the food. A two-piece ($5.95), side ($2.95), and drink ($1.75) will run you around $11.00. However, the sides can certainly be shared amongst multiple people. Some might consider this expensive, but I think the quality of the food makes up for the price. I'd rather spend $11 on a high quality meal than $7 for a mediocre quality meal with the ambience and clientele of a commercialized fast food chain.Other: It's important to note that Leroy's fried chicken is fried in lard, not oil. This cooking process affords a unique flavor that many might not be used to. I actually prefer frying in lard over hydrogenated vegetable oils; there isn't any evidence to demonstrate that either is less unhealthy than the other and frying in lard actually produces a better taste. As far as I'm concerned, if you're going to do damage to your arteries regardless, you might as well choose the more flavorful option. Also, they do accept all major credit cards and daily hours are : 11:00AM - 2:30 PM and 5:00PM - 11:00PM.
<review# 1179,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/1/2010,7/31/2011,67,441,1,13,5>I've been wanting to try this place forever and finally had a chance. I had no idea what to expect, even after reading reviews, so I'll try and make this a "useful" review. When you walk in there is a "specials" board. Don't immediately make a choice here, the menu is HUGE. You'll walk up to the counter and place your order. I'd already gotten coconut shrimp in my mind so the large menu felt overwhelming and I just sort of ignored all but the appetizers until we sat down and I got to read over the whole printed menu. Your options are fried, more fried, BBQ, some grilled options (fish and chicken) and desserts and appetizers.We sat out on the patio, which I usually like to do for the openness and people watching, but this is a different sort of patio. Its one that encloses you and wraps you up in tropical goodness, even on a chilly October evening. I dig it. Inside there are plenty of tables and booths available.Our food came out very quickly. The plantains were fried to perfection, I highly recommend them as an appetizer or side. The coconut shrimp was the best I'd ever had. I've never had that much flavor in fried shrimp. Hubby D. got the pork chop special which delivered THREE huge fried pork chops. I loved the spice rub, or maybe it was the spices in the breading, on the chops. Delicious. The macaroni salad was just so so to me. Both meals came with two scoops of rice.While we were eating a couple of plates of spicy pork BBQ passed us and I'm so looking forward to going back and trying that out over the fried stuff. I mean, it was good fried meat, just a whole lot of fried.Total cost of meal for two, around $23 bucks.And to top it all off the people running the place have a great rapport with customers. They even offered to help us eat all those yummy pork chops.
<review# 1180,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2011,7/30/2011,30,60,3,10,10>Officially "Slinging" as of 7AM 3/15/11. My wife and I have watched with interest this new venture of Molly Gunn of The Porter and Delia Champion within walking distance of our new house in East Atlanta. We were running some errands this past Saturday morning and saw they appeared to be open and operational. We found a spot in their small parking lot and walked up to the door to be met with a sign proclaiming a Private Event for friends and family. Being neither Friends or Family we turned around at the door and started heading back to the car. Molly, one of the owners, caught us in the parking lot and told us it was kind of a soft opening to iron out any kinks before officially opening on Monday and if we were willing to be patient and offer any suggestions for improvement she would be happy to buy us lunch. Sounds great to us. The interior space is small, it was formerly a takeout fish place, but it was well decorated, and the staff was exceptionally friendly. My wife ordered the Hot Mess (link sausage, chili, Wild Heaven cheese sauce, and jalapenos) and I The Shredder (link sausage, coleslaw, fire pepper mustard.) Both are served on Holeman & Finch hoagie Rolls. To say that both of them were fantastic would be a disservice to Delia and Molly. This was the best lunch either of us have had in recent memory. The only thing that tops it in the last year was our first Shrimp PoBoy at Star Provisions. My wife normally doesn't like sausage, normally doesn't like chili that much either. But she slapped my hands a few times when I tried to steal a bite of hers. The Hot Mess is definitely a mess. You won't be able to pick it up with your hands like a normal hot dog but if you do you will be licking your fingers to get every last drop of gooey goodness. Very happy to have them within walking distance of our new place, very pleased to see their commitment to local products and produce, very proud that they chose to make East Atlanta Village their home. Welcome to the neighborhood, you will be seeing lots of Emily and I.
<review# 1181,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2011,7/29/2011,220,93,7,10,9>So pleased was I with Desta Ethiopian Kitchen that my lips curved into a smile reliving the evening's fare through the spicy burps hours later.The food: Assertive flavors with fresh ingredients.  We shared the fish and the beef tenderloin tibs.  Ah the tibs.  Sautéed spiced meat tossed with garden vegetables, softened red onions and chopped garlic.  They serve ample pillows of injera-the rolls of spongy sourdough flatbread that accompany most dishes-just enough to have some left over to sop up the flavorful juices after finishing the tibs.The feel: Bustling on a Saturday evening with a mishmash of bright bold art crowding the walls and little bouquets of nylon wildflowers on each table.  Cozy and dim, yet vibrant with sprinkles of glowing tea candles throughout the dining room.The findings:  Layout and table sizes make it ideal for couples and small groups.  Desta's a craveable dinner alternative that successfully helped me climb out of the ethnic food rut I'd tumbled into.  Go, your tastebuds will thank you.
<review# 1182,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2011,7/28/2011,342,294,20,11,25>You can't beat their $35 special. I've been coming here now for more than two years. All of the women who work here are wonderful. My favorite waving specialists are Dayse, Sandra, Gabby, Anna and Larissa but honestly anyone you get here is fabulous.My favorite story to tell about this place is how Sandra found my engagement diamond! It was March 2010, I'd come in for my usual then left to run some errands. I came home and Kevin P. looked down at my hand and gasped "where is your diamond!" I glanced at my hand and saw the band, the prongs but no stone! I left our loft and immediately got back in the car, driving all over Buckhead retracing my footsteps. The first place I went to was Andreia's. Alas they hadn't seen it. I continued my search yet could not find the diamond. I pulled back to our condo, downtrodden, when my cell rang. It was Andreia: "GIRL! WE FOUND IT! WE PRAYED TO SAN ANTONIO AND HE FOUND IT!" My diamond had popped out while I was sitting on the couch and Sandra found it under the coushins. When I came back to the shop, the ladies were waiting for me with a champagne toast! We popped the bubbly to celebrate finding the diamond. Needless to say, Andreia has my business for life.
<review# 1183,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2011,7/27/2011,86,144,2,8,5>Do you ever get that urge to repeatedly punch someone in the face? Well I must say, Wax N Facts certainly calms that urge in me. I walk in here and realize that there are people in the world who realize how some types of music are, such as jazz and blues and old rock. On vinyl. Walking in here, as small and cramped as it is, its still got a great vibe, way better then Criminal Records. Not a fan. But I am a fan of this place. But heres the deal, and you should probably take a breath or 20 before searching, cause well nothing is super organized, and after a day of shoppers sifting through all the boxes things get moved around quite often. There isnt a high tech fancy computer that can tell you the exact location of each record, but no you must search. And let me tell you, I have found some treasures cause I had to search through out the entire store. If you let me, I could spend a day in here, and still have a tough time making up my mind of what albums I wanted. Rock.
<review# 1184,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2011,7/26/2011,309,376,4,6,8>Bravo Fred Bravo! The folks that brought us the Iberian Pig have done it again! Fancy imported ovens and yeast adds up to superb pizza. A group of 6 of us came for dinner on a Satuday night. We were seated promptly (without a reservation - although we did try to call ahead) and quickly brought our drinks. Our waiter stopped by to give his recommendations on the wines and mixed drinks, and to explain the menu. The owner also stopped by to say hi, and to let us know what his favorite dishes were. Throughout the meal, the service never waivered - spot on, prompt, friendly service for the whole meal.The food was fantastic - the 6 of us shared the pork appetizer (serves 4-6 people), 3 pizzas, and a pasta dish at the recommendation of our server. We had just enough room for dessert and left totally stuffed. The pizzas were very fresh - they come out hot and uncut, with large scissors (see something new every day). We ordered the funghi, the goat meat, and the meat lovers pizzas and they were all very tasty. I'll def be back to try the others.The dessert menu was surprisingly wonderful - there is an entire pastry and gelato section at the front of the restaurant with a cafe seating area. They have all those pastries and more available for dessert. I highly recommend the zucchini cake, it comes with a carrot-basil gelato. YUM!Double Zero will not slice their pizzas and they don't serve pizzas to go. Parking is valet only.
<review# 1185,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2011,7/25/2011,49,397,4,5,4>I'm a good Southern girl, so I know my way around guns. The boy and I have been coming here regularly for about a month for him to stay sharp and me to get more practice. It's only about a 5 minute drive from his house, which is a huge plus. The waiting area is large and comfortable if you have to wait for an open lane and they're adding on, presumably both for space & to allow higher calibur weapons. Shotguns, anyone?The staff is really nice. Everyone is always cheerful & friendly. They have a variety of targets and ammo for sale, plus you can rent guns, eye & ear protection. As others have said, there are also cookies. Unfortunately when we went today, the cookie mistress had been out of town, so there were none to be had. They are tasty, though.Their hours are convenient, the prices are reasonable, & they have cookies.
<review# 1186,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/28/2011,7/24/2011,86,443,,6,6>I find "Brute Neighbors" to be one of the most interesting displays of public art in Atlanta. Most folks keep their heads down and try to shuffle through in the effort to get wherever they're going. But if you look up in the baggage areas you're rewarded with a creepy-cool exhibit of some of the area's natural wildlife. It's evocative of those atomic era movies with creatures bigger than ever and hungry for human flesh (or maybe just the urge to step on cars and buildings). The lines of ants evoke a feeling of motion, and they produce an uneasy feel with the scale of them to their surroundings. Seeing them helps to brighten the murk of an airport visit.
<review# 1187,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/2/2011,7/23/2011,149,289,7,8,4>I don't get it.All the hubub about this place, and it seems like a regular breakfast spot. I dunno, maybe someone can tell me what all the rave reviews are about, and I'll get that next time I'm there. Oh, and the line was absolutely insane when I went - even for Atlanta on the weekend.Oh, and you'll leave smelling like a Little Smokey, so, be prepared to wash your hair and any garments of clothing you may have been wearing thoroughly (it even got in the liner of my purse!)I WILL say though, that my grilled chicken on a toasted bagel was really, good, but, really, how can you mess that up?OH! And for the love of Bob, BRING CASH!
<review# 1188,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/20/2011,7/22/2011,131,242,7,3,3>do it yourself toppings + beef wiener  + sriracha sauce = i'm glad this place is on my way home!This place really should get 4 stars but the wiener was not plump and erect... more like a half pitched tent.   The photos from other yelpers indicate that a 4 or 5 star is in order but this evening only warranted a 3.  Dudes were super cool and there are tons of options for everyone.  My favorite was the hot pepper relish.The hand cut fries were good, kind of like five guys fries.  Super cheap eats.  They carry pepsi.... booooooI'll be back....
<review# 1189,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2010,7/21/2011,117,86,4,8,7>This little grocery store has been on the corner of N. Decatur and Clairmont Road for gawd knows how long. It's kinda old, kinda dingy, and chock full of real hippies. But don't let this unpolished front scare you off. There are some hidden gems in this store. For one, I will drive across town to buy one thing only from this store--the Miso Dressing. It's in the cold case in the back with all the prepared salads and desserts. Carrots dipped in this white creamy concoction produces a glaze of happiness over my eyes. Total addict. As most reviewers have already noted, I will concur that the hot bar is pretty darn delicious. I rarely say this but good job, vegetarians. Good job.
<review# 1190,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2010,7/20/2011,317,400,13,18,14>"I'm from da A where they keep the ***** poppin!" That's the saying I always think of when I think of Onyx. This was my first time going to a strip club and I really just wanted to see what all the hype was about, and boy did I see it. Plus, I was with out of towners who really wanted to go, so I said "why not." I thought I was prepared but I wasn't. I was very surprised, but I won't go into details, you just have to go for yourself. They chose a good selection of girls, unlike what I've heard about many strip clubs. Different men (and women) like different types of women and they have a selection here. The Friday night I went there were only black girls. There were light and dark skinned and small and medium. They all had nice bodies but of course some were fake. Lol! I went really late so it cost $30 to get in and $10 to park, glad I didn't pay for anything. If you're a guy who likes women I can't see why you wouldn't like it here. I just wanted to see what the hype was about so since I'm not interested in women in any way, shape or form, I don't know when I'll be returning, but cool experience.
<review# 1191,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2010,7/19/2011,149,144,4,5,4>I think I might have found a new favorite.  Unfortunately, I don't know the names of any of the dishes I had because we went with a Cantonese friend who ordered everything.  I would definitely recommend going to Bo Bo with a Cantonese person, the food they order will totally rock your taste buds!  Well, since I don't know the names of the dishes I'm just going to have to describe them.  Please have a napkin readily available because you may have to wipe away your drool while reading this review.We had a tofu dish where they took medium sized cubes of silken tofu and lightly fried them so they were slightly cripsy on the outside and oh so soft and silky on the inside.  This was tossed in a mildly spicy, sweet, gingery, and garlicy sauce with some ground pork and scallions.  This was probably my favorite dish.  I am drooling as I think and write about it right now.   We also had a beef dish with Chinese broccoli tossed in a peppery brown sauce.  The beef (my favorite protein) was so juicy and tender.  I'm not sure what cut they used, but it was so good.  The broccoli was super delicious also.  They steamed it to perfection.  The texture was excellent, not soggy, not too tough.  You could actually bite through the broccoli instead of having to shove the whole thing in your mouth.  That's nicely cooked broccoli.  We also had the wonton soup with noodles and Chinese broccoli, which was also very tasty.  They were very generous with the number of wontons, amount of noodles, broccoli, and soup.  You could make a meal out of just having this.  It was delicious.Our friend also ordered a fish dish where they breaded and deep fried pieces of fish.  I didn't get to try this dish for certain reasons, but everyone else who had it said it was the best dish.  I can't imagine anything being better than the tofu dish, but the others said the fish was the best.  The four of us cleaned up the three dishes and soup.  If etiquette weren't an issue then we probably would have picked up the plates and licked them clean.  The food was that good.  The portions are very generous, and the prices are reasonable.  You can't go wrong with good food for an excellent price.  Sorry again for not knowing the names of any of the dishes.  If you don't have a Cantonese friend then let me know and I'll provide one for you for the price of meal at Bo Bo.
<review# 1192,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2010,7/18/2011,155,332,5,16,4>I have been coming here for over a year now and have never been able to order something disappointing, not that I was trying. I was going to list a couple things to try but then I realized that I was listing the whole menu. When in doubt, just turn to the back of the menu and order from the pictures. As a Taiwanese person, I also give this place a stamp of authenticity. It's harder than you think to find Taiwanese food in a city this big.Now, even though this place is good food-wise, the real reason why I regularly drive 17mi from my house to Bento is for their bubble tea. Their bubble teas are made with real tea (not the powdered slushy mixture), the tapioca pearls are consistently good, and the price is reasonable ($15 for 4 large cups...yes, that's how many I order at at time because of the long drive). My only tip with this is that if you're unfamiliar with bubble tea, the actual 'bubbles' do not store well. So whenever I order 4, I only get 1 with tapioca and the rest I can stick in the fridge to enjoy flavored milk teas throughout the week.Bonus: This is one of a handful of Asian establishments that will accept AmEx!
<review# 1193,isUSA=TRUE,1.0,1/23/2011,7/17/2011,73,69,8,6,4>Hipsters.  Hipsters everywhere.
<review# 1194,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2011,7/16/2011,427,432,11,18,11>Prepare yourself for the most thorough review of your (my) life.The concept: Navy Seal who creates a restaurant in the 70s simulating a ship arriving into harbor. Decor shows the ship, pier (over actual water and sea life) and surrouding shops. The fondue concept comes from his old job underground where no ventilation was possible (hence the table-side cooking of the fondue pots).Needless to say, a ship/harbor concept sounds kinda tacky and disney-esque. You might perceive it that way and yes, its not for everyone. As a Disney and theme-restaurant hater, I really enjoyed it. Why? well, it has areas with very cool artifacts (for example, the bathroom lobby is built like a 1920's barbershop with antique cashiers, telephones and beauty products), its mostly kids-free (yay!) and the atmosphere is more adult and romantic than the typical Disney-style-role-playing servers.The place is super cozy for a date (queue in low lighting) as most of the seating is for 2. If you have a bigger party, you should definitely call in advance to get a table. It will come in handy. There is also a wonderful jazz band playing (I think starting at 7pm). They are located in the middle of the ship on the bottom floor. For ambiance music, sit outside the ship so you can talk and still hear them. For a more 'concert-feel' and louder volume, sit in the ship.  The drummer is badass. Seriously.Now on to the review. I came here on my very last date before I left Atlanta for the summer. The bf took me here because it combined my love of cheese, do-it-yourself cooking, large wine options and overall romantic-ness. Dante's was definitely the perfect date for us, and I am about to tell you why it was definitely 5 stars worthy.The service was absolutely impeccable. Our waiter, Gena (who I hope one day reads this) was probably the best server i've ever had- enthusiastic, funny and helpful. She gave us all the time in the world to order and since we ordered so much food, she told us to let her know when we wanted each following course. Even more, she told us new ways to play with the fondue and the frying oil to make our own Cinnamon bread out of the table bread (instead of ordering dessert and hiking up our bill). Our sommelier saw the wine we had selected and basically flat-out told us it sucked. He then took the wine list and recommended something that would fit out taste but also our wallet. He was right. Finally, our bus-boy (or oil-dude) stop by super frequently to make sure everything was ok with the fondue oil or if we needed help.Now the food. The trick here is to under-order. When you think about it, bread and cheese fill you up very quickly. As much as I eat (and I eat a LOT), after eating a plate of fondue it is almost impossible for me to eat a meat-fondue dish. That is why we ordered the fondue dinner, the fried dumplings (which comes with bread and salad) and a bottle of wine (petite syrah from Marietta Vineyards).The table bread comes with 1 black and 1 white bread. The black bread is amazing. The white bread, you can do without. The cheese fondue comes with cut bread, apples, broccoli and cauliflower.  The pot-stickers come with the fondue oil, 7 dumplings and 2 different dipping sauces (teriyaki glaze and a light soy sauce) as well as a house salad (for 2) with a really good balsamic vinaigrette. The best way to eat it is like this:1. enjoy your fondue with the bread and the apple. Leave the cauliflower and brocoli for later. Ask for more cut bread.2. Once you get your hot oil, fry the broccoli and the cauliflower. Dip each peace for 15-20seconds and let cool. Its delicious. You don't need to dip the pot-stickers in the oil, they're already cooked.3. If your waiter is nice, ask her for a plate of SUGAR and CINNAMON. Trust me on this one. 4. Once s/he brings it over, dip your cut bread into the oil for 25-30s, remove (and shake), dip immediately into the sugar+cinnamon and let it cook for a minute. You will have the most amazing hot, crunchy and sweet cinnamon toast bread ever. This will be better than getting any dessert.5. repeat infinitely until you can't physically eat anymore.After a wonderful(ly long) dinner that took over 3 hours, we finished our wine and got the check. On our way to the car, we discovered the antique cars from the 1920's and onwards, rolls Royce and Fords. We played around checking our the car and taking pictures. Cheap? Hell No. Fancy? Not really. Strange? Yeah, a little bit. But so amazing, so romantic and so sweet, I wouldn't want to be anywhere else. :)  Thank you, Mr. Date-guy.
<review# 1195,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/22/2010,7/15/2011,212,212,6,8,7>Came here for brunch. Came away impressed. The food here is expensive but good. The portions are adequetly sized so its not like you are paying a ton of money for a small plate of food, and they have the absolute BEST biscuits I have ever had.I had:Eggs Benedict over Brisket: Properly executed. The egg was perfectly runny on the inside. The brisket ad a ton of flavor and was moist and tender (for the most part, it kind of got dry after sitting there for a while). BUT, thew hollandaise sauce and the runny egg yolk definitely added a lot of moisture to compliment the brisket. All of it was served on top of a homemade English muffin which was the perfect tool to absorb all the delicious liquids that pooled up in the bottom of the plate.Grits: I'm normally not a fan of grits, but the cheese grits here were delicious. They had a lot more texture than normal grits, were nice and thick, and had a nice salty cheesy flavor to them. They actually paired very well with the crunchy country potatoesCountry Potatoes: Just average. Small chunks of potatoes pan fried till they had a crisp outer edge. I would get them if I were getting the grits. Otherwise I would have just skipped them.Biscuits and Cornbread w/peach marmalade: DELICIOUS!! AND FREE. These are literally the best biscuits I have ever eaten. I literally ate 6 or 7 biscuits by myself. They are buttery and light on the inside, and delicious both by themselves or when covered with the homemade peach marmalade which they served it with (I'm pretty sure I didn't get the rhubarb marmalade like other people have gotten). The cornbread was also good (but not as good as the biscuits). They had real corn in them. YUM. Banana Pudding: This was a lot of banana pudding. This banana pudding rocked. It was thick, had a ton of bananas and homemade vanilla wafers. These wafers are made with real vanilla (unlike the vanilla wafers most places use) and you can really taste the difference. Definitely worth getting. Good food, ok prices for the quality that you are getting. But DAMN those biscuits are so good.
<review# 1196,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2010,7/14/2011,149,218,4,9,7>Ahhh, I remember as a young man many a night when this place was called Dupree's.  It's current life as The Independent is an homage to this midtown institution.  It's created a personality of it's own though, and the Indy holds dear to my heart.Not much has changed here in the last 20 years since it first became a real pool hall.  Updates to the menu, board and video games, and some other cool changes only enhanced what has always been a great place to shoot some pool and have some drinks.The staff here know their craft and if you're looking for someone to coddle you while you drink watermelon martinis, you're in the wrong place.The general manager, Runa, is a seasoned veteran of the service industry and you'll be treated like most folks, with good, honest service at moderate to cheap prices.  They have a full bar and a decent selection of craft beers.The food is bar fare with some unique offerings.  Perfect for soaking up some booze.Pool and darts are the draw here, but they also have a trivia night and a poker night for those so inclined.  There are some board games and a couple of video machines as well.This is a smoking bar, so if smoke bothers you, you might want to keep this in mind.  For smokers and those that aren't bothered however, this an adult playground that will reward you if you keep your manners about you.The pool tables are some of the best in the city and some are the very tables that Dupree's became known for.Become a local here and you'll inherit a family that's unlike any you'll ever find at a bar/pool hall.  Some people that I've met here are still friends of mine 10 years later.Great job on keeping this place anchored at what it really does best.  Providing a great place to shoot pool and to socialize with some like minded folks.
<review# 1197,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2011,7/13/2011,75,190,7,19,10>So, as a born-and-raised German, I can finally offer my 2-cents (for those who care).My fiance and I came to Der Biergarten after I was supposed to meet some friends downtown.  They didn't show, so we made the best of it.  I don't make it to downtown very often. I've heard of this place and am glad I finally got a chance to go.The ambience - I think they did a very nice job making this authentic.  The biergarten tables outside are just like what you would find in a Munich Biergarten (minus the surrounding skyscrapers, of course).  In Munich, you would find the inside of a restaurant like this often decorated with hops.  They used upside down miniature Christmas trees... I think it works! It has the same effect.  I LOVED the fact that they have a "Stammtisch" when you first walk in.  A very nice authentic touch!The food - The Kaesespaetzle were DELICIOUS!! Perfect! Spot-on! Highly recommend it!!  I ordered the Jaegerschnitzel, which is one of my favorite dishes.  It wasn't bad, but I have to deduct some points on the authenticity.  The schnitzel is not supposed to be breaded (unless it's a Wienerschnitzel), and there's no bacon in the original sauce.  However, it was very tasty! For desert, I had the Apfelstrudl... loved it!!! Personally, I prefer Strudl to be served with Vanillasauce rather than ice cream, but it worked!The beer -It's German and not like "Beck's" German, but Spaten, Hofbraeuhaus, etc. German... Bavarian - in a nutshell!! I had some Weihenstephan Bier.  A brewery close to Munich that has been making beer since 1040.  Can't go wrong with that!It wasn't very crowded for a Saturday evening, so I hope they can pull through, because I definitely want to experience their patio in the Summer time!
<review# 1198,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2011,7/12/2011,817,996,2,5,7>Yesterday was really a perfect day off. First, a long walk with one dear girlfriend, then lunch out with another favorite friend. My evening was complete with a date with a new guy that entailed a fun event in Buckhead (Taste of Buckhead, put on by the Buckhead Business Association - y'all need to check it  out next year as bunches of local restos participate and tickets are just $10) and dinner after at Antica Posta.It'd been several years since I'd been to this longtime local favorite and it was really a treat. Charming and quaint, Marco and his family run a lovely place with delicious food. We split a nice bottle of Pinot Noir (the Etude) and enjoyed a couple of starters plus a really delicious steak. The arugula salad was perfect - give me a plate of perfectly fresh arugula with parmesan, olive oil and lemon, a little pepper and maybe one or two tomatoes and I'm happy as a clam - and my date really enjoyed the gemelli with peas, prosciutto and cream.Our ribeye was an absolutely perfect medium rare. I so enjoy a great steak and it's been several dining-out experiences since I've had one this good. Definitely worth going back.A couple of limoncellos topped off the meal, and the whole evening was replete with lively conversation, nice service, a visit from the chef and that perfect satisfaction that comes from a good meal, had in a pleasant environment.Yum.
<review# 1199,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2011,7/11/2011,777,438,8,8,6>I just ate there tonight and we were the only Asians in sight at the restaurant for miles. That's usually not a good sign. However, the food here is good, the host charmed me with his cheerfulness and french accent, and my server was cute, jk. Alright, here is the deal. Com is french inspired Vietnamese cuisine. It;s not the typical Vietnamese restaurant you ate at on BuHi. It's not really associated with Com BuHi because they changed ownership, and this is more french-inspired. There's no pho here,  because the french did not bring it to Vietnam, so don't come expecting pho, bc u ain't getting any.It offers a full bar, food with fancy sounding words, like carpaccio, and grape leaves. I actually freaked out when I saw the menu. This is me: " WTF?? Lamb?! Salmon??! apples in salad?!?! Vietnamese people don't eat this?!! ay yay yay!!" Then I saw banh hoi, clay pot fish, bun, and calmed down. I ordered banh hoi with grilled pork, with banh trang ( or rice paper) for an extra 2 dollars.  To my consternation, the banh hoi was not greased up with scallions and oil like how I was used to in the VN. The grilled pork was good, but not atypical of grilled pork at other Vietnamese establishments. It was good, but probably not 16-17 dollars good, ya get me?? One notable thing is they offer la lot, or what they call grape leaves. However, they also use the word betal leaves interchangeably. Ok, I'm not too cultured or learned, but I think this may be a misnomer. Betal leaves is what the old folks use to chew on w some crazy nuts that makes their teeth red and then they'd have to go and dye it black because somehow they think that's more presentable. I ordered the la lot w beef. It was good and flavorful, and had potential to be better. It was just the beef was already marinated and they had to go and pour fish sauce on the dish. The fish sauce is not pure fish sauce, it's the kind of fish sauce that's mixed w/ sugar, h2o, garlic, pepper, to produce the kind you normally get w rice dishes. They advertised it with their dipping sauce, but their dipping sauce seemed like typical red pepper sauce. I'm not sure how authentic, historically accurate, or true to Indochine cuisine this place is and I'd be interested to find out. Overall, this place offers a novel presentation of Vietnamese dishes. All the politics aside, the food is good. I'll come here when I'm feeling bougie. Yelp 365 #17/365
<review# 1200,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2011,7/10/2011,623,717,6,6,6>I've been accused of being a BBQ snob.  I am quick to correct them: I am merely a BBQ slut.  Having heard quite a bit of goodness about Community Q, I very much looked forward to my trip here, and it did not disappoint.  We got there before 7pm on a Thursday and experienced no wait/delay at all.  Staff was also friendly and quick.  A bottomless glass of root beer is always a good thing.  (Even if it's cheap root beer--I am a root beer snob.)My beef brisket sandwich was excellent.  Smoky and dense in all the right ways, served up on some Texas Toast, and flanked by some cole-slaw and mac & cheese.  Dang.  I'm making myself hungry again.  (BTW, if you're a true Southerner, you won't balk at putting cole-slaw on your sandwich.)  I want to go back and try the ribs.  And maybe some Brunswick Stew.  Holler if you'd like to come with!
<review# 1201,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2011,7/9/2011,244,602,16,15,14>This is going to be a relatively short and sweet review because 1) we didn't spend much time here and 2) they haven't been open that long. Given both conditions, however, we were pretty pleased with what we saw. So what did we see? We saw a well-thought out space with a theater-in-the-round bar setup that creates much more bar space for aspiring drunks.We saw highbacked bar chairs (not stools, thankfully) and several of purse hooks underneath. There were tables and booths a-plenty. We also saw (and heard) an acoustic guitar playing in the corner. My only minor gripe is the booth walls are kind of high, limiting the view of the band (or anything else on that side of the bar). This may not be a problem for most, but I'm exceedingly paranoid and always feel like wherever I drink will turn into a scene from "Roadhouse."The drinks were fine. I ordered a Yuengling which was priced higher than post at $4.50. Not a killer, mind you, but it's Yuengling. (I probably deserved to be overcharged for ordering that.) But then, there's the food. The wife and I were actually there for dinner. The printed menu, consisting mostly of sandwiches, didn't seem too gluten-free friendly at first, but the specials definitely were. Our server listed them off: a 16oz ribeye (aged in-house). Ditto the 32 oz. (32 oz?!), the giant grilled porkchop. And....um, there were a few others, but it's been a few days now and I forget. Also I was drinking and am old.We started with the wings. They were smoked then flash fried. While I still think the Local's are better, it's only by a smidge. These wings were killer and the sauce (on the side for some reason, but actually appreciated) was plenty spicy for even me, the chilihead. The wife then ordered the 16oz steak (the server checked that the accompanying sauce was gluten-free) and I ordered the fish and chips. Again, we were pleased with both. The steak was cooked to order (medium rare, natch) and the batter on my fish had something extra that I couldn't place but found tasty.Now did I mention Hill Street Tavern is smoke-free? We asked if this was a permanent thing and our server lead us to believe it was. Awesome. Dude, you just cemented our biz right there. I grant a conditional 4 stars to the Hill Street Tavern. Way to go, Hill Street! And to the rest of you, let's be careful out there.**obligatory pop culture reference.
<review# 1202,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/20/2010,7/8/2011,216,175,7,10,13>When Yeah! first opened, I thought it was trying to take a little shine off of the nearby Flip.  I've come to realize that Yeah! and Flip are catering to two different markets.  Flip, 2 years after its opening, is still a scene, while Yeah! has comfortably settled into a nice family option for those of us who are willing to pay a premium to protect our kids or ourselves from the evils of processed food.  I think this type of establishment would kill in Virginia-Highlands or Oakhurst.I'm a fan of the numerous options you can add on to the burgers, and I love how cheap their "secret" menu items are (check the website).  Try as I might, I can't resist getting my burgers Delta Style.  I'm actually not a huge fan of their beef burger, which to me comes off a little chewy and bland.  I love their bison burger, however, which is only a dollar more expensive, is considerably juicier, has more flavor, and is better for you to boot. I can see no reason to get a beef burger with that option on the table. Coupled with the whole grain bun and some sunflower sprouts, you can almost imagine you'll lose weight downing the thing.
<review# 1203,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2011,7/6/2011,458,1067,9,16,13>Quirky doesn't begin to describe it. Unlike anything I've experienced and it was a fun surprise. Kathleen M. and I were headed out to Peter Pan: The Show and we truly made it a night on the town. Dressed up and so good looking that twice we were asked if we were actors in the performance (once here and once at the event). Anyway, enough about us and back to the restaurant.This place does its best to be out of the mainstream. None of the chairs match. There are random candles burning all around. The menu is hand written on ripped up corrugated brown boxes. We actually had to switch menus with each other to read it in its entirely. My only complaint is that they ask if they can pour some water for you and then you see on the menu that the water costs $2.50. For somewhere trying to be organic (not food, but the general feel) that seemed kind of bougie.Speaking of the food, the flash fried green beans were amazing. As Kathleen said, we ordered seconds. I liked the garbanzo beans too.  Our server was awesome and she even helped keep track of time to make sure we weren't late to the show.It's a fun place and a neat addition to downtown. I don't dine in the area very often, but I'm sure to come back the next time I'm in the mood for something fun, laid back, and interesting.
<review# 1204,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2011,7/5/2011,23,135,8,13,12>Disclaimer: I know people dread childbirth advice... it feels like judgment. It's so personal and private, so consider this an enthusiastic endorsement and nothing more. I'm a huge advocate of the hypnobirthing method, and Kelly helped us have such a positive birth experience that I want everyone else to as well!!!! (YAY!)Background: This was my first birth. And my second (twins). I changed practices mid-pregnancy because I wanted to stack the odds in favor of a natural birth. When I first heard of hypnobirthing, it sounded too good to be true. Calm, pain-free birth? Yes please, I'll take two!The Class: My husband and I took the hypnobirthing classes (series of 6 with 4 other couples) with Birth Bright (aka Kelly Hightower). I firmly believe that the techniques helped me stay calm and relaxed not only during my labor and the birth of my babies, but through the final stages of my pregnancy. The slow breathing and visualization techniques helped me survive a one-hour commute to work up until week 38! It also helped me on those rough nights where sleep seems impossible. At my 40-week appointment, my nurses were amazed at my healthy, normal blood pressure.About Kelly: She's had three kids with three different births + she's a nurse + she's a doula. Needless to say, she knows birth. All kinds. And she knows how to navigate a hospital (and how to endear yourself to the hospital staff -- supremely helpful!)Birth 1: I had a wonderful birth experience. No crying, no drugs, no drama. I napped periodically through my labor, arrived at the hospital 8cm dilated and pushed for 45 minutes before my son was born. I felt everything. I experienced his birth with a crystal clarity and presence that I will never forget. Afterward, I looked at my husband and said, "I could do that again."Birth 2: When twin2 refused to descend, I ended up having an emergency c-section -- the awful, scary thing that I had dreaded my entire pregnancy! Despite my fears, I remained totally zen. Hypnobirthing helped me prepare for and accept any turn of events.Does it work? Hell yeah it does. It works if you believe it will. I had minimal pain delivering my son. My contractions were bearable and I napped in between them. Best of all, I was 100% present and conscious for the birth.Does it reeeeally work? Hypnobirthing is not magic. It is a method of training your brain to let your body do its thing (my definition). Have anxiety? This method will train you to relax. Control freak (like me)? This method will teach you to go with the flow and release your fears.Is it magic? No. You need a unicorn for that.
<review# 1205,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2011,7/4/2011,1772,1772,5,20,15>Panahar is a solid 4 stars.  I almost want to give it a 5 because of the impeccable service we received at the UYE last night (yelp.com/events/atlanta-).  Eleven of us braved the tornado watch and made it safely into the cozy confines of Panahar.  Despite the severe weather, the restaurant was very busy and there was another large party there as well.I have to give the staff a lot of credit (Mirza and Rabiul in particular).  They were great in accommodating our large group.  I arrived at the restaurant early and our table was already set up.  Earlier in the week, the owner, Mirza, emailed me a special menu for our group.  It was a multi-course Bangladeshi dinner for $22 per person.  I declined at the time after asking the UYE attendees whether they'd be interested or not.  When our entire group was seated, Mirza asked us what foods we'd be interested in trying (based on our taste preferences) and what price point we'd be willing to settle on.  So basically, everything was negotiable!We ended up letting Tom C. do most of the ordering since he printed out their menu and did research beforehand.  We ate family-style and shared several dishes for $15 per person.  This was an excellent deal since each entree on the menu is $10 and up!  We were served a first course of soup followed by all the entrees at once.  Here's the rundown:Foods:Halim - spicy vegetarian soup with pureed mixed vegetables and different kinds of lentilsChicken teek-ka - boneless white meat chicken marinated in 'Tondoori sauce'Bhoona maang-sho - meat stir-fried in a Korai (Bangladeshi wok) with onion, tomatoes, bell pepperAloor jhol - mildly spiced meat with cubed 'aloo' (potatoes)Channa begoon - garbanzo beans cooked with roasted pureed skinless eggplantShaag bhaaji - chopped spinach suteed with roasted garlic cloves, onion, and other herbs and spicesDharosh bhaaji - sauteed okra with onion, tomatoes, and herbs.Condiments:Onion chutneyAamer achaar - green mango relishAll the food was served with fluffy white Indian rice and naan.  Mirza described each dish and condiment to us and how they're best eaten.  He said to put the rice on our plate first and put the meats/vegetables on top, letting the rice soak up the sauces, and then eating it together with maybe chutney or mango relish on the side.  He also said the naan was good to use to soak up the sauces.  While our table was already familiar with Indian food, it was nice of him to take the time to explain.The halim was a pureed vegetable soup, mildly spicy.  Good flavor and I enjoyed dipping my naan in it.  The chicken teek-ka (or "tikka," however you prefer to spell it) was voted by our table as the favorite dish of the night.  Who doesn't like chicken tikka?The bhoona maang-sho and aloor jhol were similar to me.  Both were mildly spicy meats in a brown sauce, but the bhoona maang-sho had more vegetables.  The combination of herbs and spices made these dishes somewhat aromatic.  I wasn't a huge fan of the channa begoon, but that's mainly because I'm not big on garbanzo beans.I had my eyes set on the shaag bhaaji as soon as it hit the table.  I love palak paneer (Indian) and this looked very similar.  We asked Mirza what kind of cheese was used in the shaag bhaaji and he said, "in Bangladesh, we only have one type of cheese: cheese."  Ha, well it wasn't as good as palak paneer to me.  Not as creamy.  It did include a couple big chunks of what I think were the roasted garlic cloves.The dharosh bhaaji may have been my personal favorite entree.  It was a simple sauteed okra and vegetables dish.  I love okra, so naturally, I enjoyed this dish.  The ingredients were tossed in various herbs.  This was also probably the lightest dish we tried.As mentioned in the beginning of my review, the service was fantastic.  Napkins were folded for us, drinks and naan were kept filled, and our table was cleaned after our meal, while we stuck around to chat.Useful info: Panahar is BYOB with no corkage fee.  Min Y. brought a bottle of wine for some of us to share.  Thanks Min!  Also, as you can already tell from this review, this restaurant does great with large groups.  Just be sure to let them know ahead of time.When it came time to pay, we just stacked up all our credit cards and handed them to Mirza, who swiped them one-by-one at the register.  All the prices he quotes, including the ones on the menu, already include tax.  He also handed each of us 25% discount coupons for our next visit.  Jeez.  So I can say that this was a very good dining experience and do recommend Panahar if you're looking for some delicious South Asian cuisine!
<review# 1206,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2011,7/3/2011,172,868,14,7,6>Lullwater, why did I ever deny you that fifth star?  You're pretty much perfect as parks go.  Shade and sun, hills and open fields, running water and fishing ponds, serene without being creepy, you really have it all.  You're the complete package, and I should have told you so to begin with.I might cheat on you sometimes with Piedmont...okay, and sometimes Grant too, but nothing can compare to you, I promise.  I'll be back to picnic on your grassy slopes soon.
<review# 1207,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/8/2010,7/2/2011,56,148,4,5,5>There hasn't been a solid place to shoot 3 cushion pool or 4 ball in Atlanta unless you go to a large Korean community. This place definitely goes under the hole in the wall category. It's not very clean nor is it modern, but it has what you need and there are always tables available. I come here with my brother often to blow off some steam and it brings back fond memories of shooting billiards in New York. I love the location since it's near work and other eating joints. It's pretty much a sausage fest inside so don't expect to pick up chicks there like other pool/bar/lounge places. You come here for Billiards and Billiards alone.... Enjoy!
<review# 1208,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/18/2010,7/1/2011,129,504,13,3,4>What's your goal?a) Eat healthy?b) Get full?c) Have the words 'sudden' and 'massive' in your obituary?If (c), this is your place.My brother loves this place and (much like Michael Scott with Chile's - the small business man's dining room) he likes to transact business here.  So, it's late morning and we're hungry - he loves those blueberry pancakes but also the barbeque.  What to do?I know!Get both!It's okay as long as you have a place to sleep afterwards; the waitresses are reminiscent of a Botero painting, but are sufficiently sassy to generate a wink from my bro to make him feel like "he's still got it".
<review# 1209,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2011,6/29/2011,257,221,3,16,10>Oh Relapse, how I love thee, let me count the ways!  1. Open mic comedy on Thursday nights with a low $5 cover charge and the opportunity to embarrass myself as I attempt to make people laugh so hard they cough. 2.  The 1AM comedy show on Saturday nights.  I love these nights.  So many good comics and the show is free, free, FREE.  (Please check Relapse on Facebook to confirm because this show does not always happen.  But it can be a fun surprise!)3.  A full bar with lots of flavored vodkas (which I love) and a good beer selection including Mickey's which has puzzles inside the caps.  4.  Cool people working the door, the bar and the tables.  No attitude will be given by these folks. 5. Lots and lots of free parking!  Behind the building and in the lot across the street.This place is truly as good as it gets!
<review# 1210,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2011,6/28/2011,214,189,11,8,11>For all the old-man, get-off-my-lawn, I-can-drink-you-under-the-table posturing that he does, it was fellow Yelper Ivan S. that pointed out to me that I'd achieved regular status at seven different bars around Atlanta, the irony being that I don't really drink all that much. I don't have a particular fondness for cigarette smoke, either, so it's a wonder that I really enjoy going to the smoke-filled haze of five of those bars, The Local being one of them.While I can wax lyrical about the service (friendly and welcoming), the atmosphere (very smoky), or the food (one of the few places to get a genuine Chicago Hot Dog), I've come to realize that while the most compelling aspect of a restaurant is the food you eat there, the most enticing characteristic of a bar are the characters within it; and The Local certainly does not lack for characters (for a taste, you have only to look at the slideshow of buffoonery rotating on the iMac above the bar). Whether its the bartenders, the trainwreck trivia hostesses, the patrons (or doppelganger patrons), most everyone here is like the supporting cast of characters from a David Lynch work--peculiar, idiosyncratic, and lacking hesitation to call you on your shit--just like any family.
<review# 1211,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2010,6/27/2011,787,655,1,10,7>Delicious, dare I say...the best fish taco I have ever had! I got the two fish taco, which was served with rice and beans and complementary chips and salsa. I loved the salsa bar as well with the pickled spicy onions. If you aren't a fan of spicy or can't handle it go for the guacamole  I tasted no mild salsas there, everything is hot hot hot!!  I'm sure Señor will become a regular stop on Buhi for me now!
<review# 1212,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2011,6/26/2011,469,375,4,13,8>Awesome Korean BBQ place with excellent food and chic contemporary decor!  Everything is obviously fresh and really delicious.  Honey Pig's complimentary bean sprouts and kimchi were the best I have ever eaten, and I truly enjoyed them, despite the fact that I normally am not a fan of either one.  The bean sprouts were crunchy and spicy.  The kimchi was delightfully sweet, salty, and spicy.The HONEY PIG ($17.95) and the BERKSHIRE PIG ($16.95) are basically the same cuts of meat (pork belly), except the honey pig is presumed to be higher quality.  They were equally fresh and delicious, with a roughly 50/50 balance of meat and fat, but the honey pig was more tender.  Some of the pork got a little burnt and turned into amazing pieces of really thick bacon.  The KALBI ($17.95) and the BEEF BULGOGI ($16.95) are my favorites!  Because kalbi and bulgogi are already marinated, they are sweeter and more flavorful than the honey pig and Berkshire pig.  The meat is really fresh and tender.I thought the portions were huge and a great value.  If I were here with my sister, we could have easily ordered one thing and still have tons of leftovers.  All of the side dishes were excellent, and I loved the complimentary spicy fried rice that we received at the end of our meal.Overall, this was a great experience.  I am so glad that it stays open until 1 am, although they do ask customers to leave once the clock hits 1 am.
<review# 1213,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2011,6/25/2011,196,217,2,5,5>Last night I had the opportunity to experience Ecco for the first time after it has been on my Atlanta restaurant bucket list for quite a while. It was Lauren S's going away party and she has sung its praises so consistently (especially regarding Ecco's expert handling of Gluten Free dining needs) that I was absolutely thrilled when she chose it for the location of our big group dinner. I started with a gorgeous light rosy hued champagne cocktail called "Her Little Pal" which is a blend of Aperol and Prosecco served quite fizzy in a high quality flute. (see pic) It was fruity and easy to drink, but not overly sweet despite its appearance. It was so refreshing and now qualifies as my new favorite warm weather cocktail. The physical environment of the restaurant and patio was beautiful and inviting with warm woods, interesting chandeliers in an open dining room which is smartly divided to help dampen the sound from the open kitchen and other lively tables nearby. Even the glassware and flatware at Ecco in general was top notch as several in our group were literally oooing and ahhhing over the stand up on their blade style stainless steak knives. Service was handled deftly even though we requested separate checks for 9. Our server was highly knowledgeable about the menu, especially the cheeses with his interesting explanation of how Humboldt Fog was made with a layer of ash in the middle to separate the morning and evening milkings. I am torn between 4 and 5 stars as I didn't love my main which was thin crust pizza with too many long links of housemade pork sausage covering the pizza, but I will happily give Ecco the round up to 5 because the fried goat cheese sprinkled with black pepper and drizzled with honey is just so extraordinary and I am a sucker for great cheese and cheese based dishes. The last thing I was lucky enough to taste was the olive oil ice cream with chocolate slivers and seasoned with sea salt which Todd P was gracious enough to let me sample a spoonful. Mmmm...more of that next time please!
<review# 1214,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2011,6/23/2011,279,192,4,9,7>IN 26 DAYS, THERE WILL BE A RESTAURANT IN EMORY VILLAGE WITH A LIQUOR LICENSE.  That deserves five stars right there.  Until then, it's BYOB.  That means plan ahead, or you'll be buying Bud from the CVS across the street.  I'm pretty stingy with my five star ratings and I've only eaten at Bad Dog once, but I can already tell that this place is going to take lots of my money for as long as it is open (which, given the lack of success of its previous denizens, might not be long).  I wasn't hungry enough for a full burrito ($7) or two tacos ($3 each) (or a salad, their other main entree item, at $8.50 each) so I just ordered the chips and salsa trio (salsa fresco, plantain pineapple serrano, and fire roasted tomato)  for $4 and hot damn were those THE best chips I have ever eaten.  One of the women working there (an owner, maybe?) explained to me (as does the menu) that there are actually four different kinds of chips in the mix--yucca, plantain, boniato, and corn chips, each made fresh daily.  It was the perfect amount of chips and salsa for this clean-yer-plate kind of gal.  I can't wait to try their other menu items.  I love the interior: it's open and fresh, and they've kept the super cool tree-length bar top that Sprouts, the previous business, had.  There is outdoor seating on the front patio, lots of tables inside as well, and of course, the bar seating (my fav).  The world music station on the sound system nicely complemented the atmosphere (except for the commercial break, during which an advertisement for bixini waxing ran very loudly for 15 seconds--oops!).  They've also done a number on the bathrooms: they are absolutely BEAUTIFUL with wood and stone and a huge mirror, at least in the women's.  Which reminds me: why does Bad Dog (or anywhere else for that matter) need to identify single-stall bathrooms as "men's" and "women's" rather than having two unisex ones?  On a different critical note: there was a large hurricane glass with candle in the women's bathroom on one side of the room, in between the toilet and the sink.  While it's a great aesthetic touch and I'm generally in control of my bodily movements, I'd be freaking worried about someone accidentally knocking it over and burning the place down.  All in all, though, this place already has my vote of confidence.  As an Emory graduate student who walks through Emory Village just about every day, I'm going to have to restrain myself from patroning this place more than once a week!
<review# 1215,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2011,6/22/2011,209,595,5,15,7>The Grant Park Farmers Market opened for the first time this weekend and I loved it. It was extremely packed out with people, their kids, and their dogs, but I got there early so I was able to purchase all that I wanted. GPFM's hours are 10-2 on Sundays. The way they were packed out, I think you are better getting there closer to 10 so that they actually have stuff.  Be sure to wear shoes with backs because the double kids strollers are out in full force. Vendors: -a couple cheese peeps (one with Decimal, the other with multiple various cheese to taste and buy) -Atlanta Fresh Creamery -Zocalo's salsas and mole -Pearson Peaches -a fresh pasta person -the granola folks -Holeman and Finch bakery -Cafe Campesino coffee and pastries -the build-your-own-crepe guys -a dude with loads of fresh eggs and local roasters (my fave!)And of course multiple fresh organic veggie vendors. Check out Atlanta's newest local farmers market. It's delightful.
<review# 1216,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2010,6/21/2011,489,857,5,14,9>$9.99 lunch sushi buffet? I've been to sushi buffets before, especially ones more expensive, and they sucked. I feared what type of horrid food I would find inside Noh Ryang Jin Fish House.Luckily, this place was nothing like what I would've imagined. It was a pure Korean sushi house. Unlike other sushi buffets, where they have Chinese food and sushi, this place had Korean food and sushi. That was a neat surprise.In fact, most of the buffet was Korean food with few choices of sushi. But the Korean hot foods were quite good and authentic. Since it's a cheap buffet, they didn't have the high end Korean food items like galbi and such. They had cheaper varieties of Korean food. They had mook, dukbogi, najibokum, fried sweet potato, etc.Since it's a buffet, the people usually take all the good bits of the hot food. For example, for the dukbogi, people only took the rice cakes. They left the onions, fish cakes, and eggs. So you might not have much rice cakes by the time you get to that station. Unlike most buffets, they don't over salt their food it seemed like. Daniel B. complained everything tasted bland. It's true, I didn't feel I had to drink a gallon of water afterwards. I think that's a good thing in my opinion.They provided few choices of sushi. Some of their rolls had some Korean inspiration. I think even one sushi roll had gochujang (korean chili paste) on it. It tasted interesting, but I liked it. And there was one sushi roll that had a distinct kimbap taste (maybe it was kimbap).Overall, for $9.99, this is a super deal. It's one of the best values if you like AYCE cheap Korean food and sushi.
<review# 1217,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2010,6/20/2011,338,442,6,11,7>Yea yea, so my rating isn't changing- surprise surprise.  I came here this past friday as a sort of "send myself off" present before I flew out to Belgium (beer rocks here).  The last time I was here was to celebrate my (long awaited) graduation last november, and we had a pretty big party (in which I ended up basically eating another meal after the first meal).  It was really cool that the hostess remembered us from that long ago.  I feel loved.  :)  So I won't list out everything I had from the omakase, but I'll mention some new things I haven't had before...Yellow tail with yuzu pepper- This was on the current specials menu.  Talk about perfection in enhancing the flavor of the yellow tail with this yuzu pepper (a mix of lime and pepper- Haya san showed me a box of the "secret" ingredient obtained from Japan).  The slight drizzle of the yuzu pepper sauce mix on the side of the slices of yellow tail gave it just the right touch of flavor.  Get this.  Now.  Asahi ON TAP.  It taste so different compared to the canned version.  Thick, foamy head with a layer underneath that is indescribably awesome.  According to Haya-san, only 30 of these machines are present in the US, 3 of them in GA- and he's got the only one in the ATL.  Okay, so maybe I lied- I'll try to list everything that was on my plate (that I can remember) and include comments if something was particularly spectacular, as everything was pretty darned great.  Starter dish- Scallops with marinated ikura (roe) Hokkaido style- AUGH.  This was AWESOME.  When I tasted this, I knew it was going to be a good night of eating.  The scallops were so sweet on their own already (absolutely fresh), and the ikura provided a tasty texture contrast and a different sweetness.  Octopus- a fresh kind of crunchy with a hint of chew.  Cool. Squid- there were several different cuts of the squid- and they were all very sweet, with absolutely no hint of fishiness.  GREAT! Scallop- again, these were so delightfully sweet, and I was more than happy to have a second helping of these.  (erm, this review is getting longer and longer....)marinated herring roe- I like the crisp, crunchy texture of these guyssalmon- As usual, very good.toro (2 types I think)- YES.  He's got some.  You better come quick if you know what's good for you.  jack mackerelmaguroOk, I should be sleeping right now (it's past 4AM here in Brugge, Belgium), but I'm obviously jet-lagged.  Thanks again Haya-san- it's always a pleasure watching you work, and of course most of all, tasting the art that you prepare.  Oishi!
<review# 1218,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2011,6/19/2011,100,196,3,7,5>Simple and easy... why don't more restaurants follow this formula???? Walk up cashier dining is my favorite. No need to deal with the potentially bad service at sit down and dine restaurant. Order, grab a number and wait... It's like the DMV, but you don't have to deal with public servants and there's usually dessert involved in the end. We were greeted by an awesome bartender/order taker who offered up her favorites and helped guide us on our inaugural visit to Victory. All the staff here seems real fun. We all got sandwiches which come with some pretty stellar house-made chips. At the table: Castro, Hambo, Roast and Horseradish, and the Turk. Castro was my favorite. Really tender and juicy. All around great sandwichie goodness. The Hambo was a close second... I just wanted more apple. Turk... best avocado spread I've had. Creamy and tasted extremely fresh but at the same time like it had had time for all the flavors to love up on each other for a great spread. The Roast was just a decent sandwich. Something about the bread didn't help the sandwich achieve that next level status. Meat was good though. Decor here is very easy on the eye and pretty cohesive. Love the random anime projecting on the wall of course. I think the size of each sandwich helps you have variety and the prices are good for what you get. Really looking forward to coming back and I was thrilled to find out they're open until 2am.
<review# 1219,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/14/2011,6/18/2011,122,249,,12,7>Cafe Milano took over my beloved Koryodang. I don't know whether the ownership changed, but the staff looks different. The owner/waitress (Jeannie) was super nice and spoke fairly fluent English. Like Kate T said, this place was remodeled recently and looks much more hip and comfortable than Koryodang. And yay for free Wi-Fi!My only issue is the food... I ordered a mocha latte, and the hubs got a hazelnut coffee. We also got a yellow cream bread to go (my standard of quality for Korean  bakeries). My mocha tasted more like a cappucino than anything... and not a very flavorful one at that. The hazelnut coffee was ok, except when we got closer to the bottom of the cup and found coffee grounds (yuck!)The yellow cream bread wasn't as good as the old Koryodang or White Windmill's. The bread part was dry and not sweet or fluffy enough, and the filling tasted more like custard pudding than cream. My favorite rendition is still at White Windmill, by far (Shu Cream Bread). This cafe would be a great place if you want somewhere quiet to study. But I wouldn't come to just get coffee or breads. Their cakes do look yummy though, so I might try one next time there's a celebration.Oh, their coffees are buy 7 get 1 free (unlike the usual buy 10 get 1 free).
<review# 1220,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/6/2010,6/16/2011,349,547,9,5,7>I came here last weekend for their Electric Spring dance party. The music was good, the venue was nice, and it was a fun time. I'll definitely be back at the next Electric Spring, but I think on a regular night, the crowd here would swing a little too goth/industrial for my tastes.The music was really good, but the event was really poorly attended. I think they need to work on promoting it and perhaps get rid of the cover charge, or make it a cover charge/drink ticket. You don't really want to keep people out when there's pretty much no one there.  By the end of the night (but before closing), there was pretty much no one left.The bartenders were kinda rude. That may have had something to do with my drunk ass stumbling up and ordering a cocktail--literally, I asked "May I have a cocktail?" Oops. They don't do cups of water which kinda sucks, but I snagged one from the bar and hydrated in the bathroom, so no biggie. The chalkboard walls in the bathroom are cool and I got to draw some bears, which pretty much always makes me happy.
<review# 1221,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2010,6/15/2011,343,405,4,9,4>This is one of my favorite places to dine out at in Atlanta!  I love the atmosphere, the seasonal menus, the vast assortment of drinks and the excellent service!RTO decided that he would surprise me and plan a date night out for us.  When he mentioned we were going to 4th and Swift, I got really excited!  We were quickly seated in a booth and after trying out a few of their drinks, we both agreed that the Pineapple Express was the best drink on the menu.  For food, I decided to go with their special of the day where I got the choice of an appetizer, entree and dessert for $35.00.  I got the crab cake, steak and the sticky pudding.  RTO got the shrimp ceviche, scallops and chocolate cake.  We also ordered the mac & cheese and asparagus for sides.  We really enjoyed everything we ordered, especially the dessert...both were amazing!
<review# 1222,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2010,6/13/2011,357,369,19,18,16>I loathe sloppiness.  Whatever your craft -- hairdressing, architecture,  deep sea rescue diving, miniature dollhouse furniture making -- you should do it with effortless mastery. If you're not quite to that level, don't make your work public.And that's how I feel about that.So when I woke up yesterday to discover my car's passenger window smashed to smithereens --  aside from lamenting the theft of my lint roller [yeah, I know, right?] and 2 month old GPS unit -- I could only shake my head at amateur hour.Why, in 2010, thieves don't have the decency and self esteem to invest in a slim jim and a little robbery savoir-faire is beyond me.  I'm willing to bet heavily that they chew with their mouths open and shave down  their toenails with a paring knife.  No style, yo.I was referred to Glass Plus by my mechanic and was treated wonderfully from my very first interaction. They ordered the glass I needed at 11:00 am; I dropped the car off at nearly 1 pm; and I was on the road without a plastic-duct tape window by 3pm.  Incredibly painless, phenomenal turnaround time, and better yet, no sign of the mediocre work ethic  and shoddy craftsmanship that plagues society and hurts my feelings.5 Made in America, excellently executed stars
<review# 1223,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2011,6/12/2011,216,468,4,7,9>The dry fried eggplant -- delicious, crispy, salty, slightly spicy -- is reason enough to drive up here to Peter Chang's. I have been dreaming about this dish since I last had it at Delicious Kabob which met an untimely death and closed. Bummer! I can now stop dreaming and get it anytime I want. Yeehaw!I joined a big group of peeps here for a late dinner on a Saturday night. That's how Zack E. rolls. With him and his wife and little Adam, Vanessa T., Tanya F. and Ryan F., we had piles of food to devour. The theme, in case you haven't visited -- red chili peppers. In everything. And these punch-packing little peppercorns, too. Stuff so spicy that your tongue tingles when you taste it. But it's a good tingle, trust me.Shan City Shrimp, a fried fish dish, stir fried green beans, Kung Pao chicken, duck soup -- everything was kick-ass spicy and nicely done.My only issue is that after a while, with each dish packing the heat, everything started to taste about the same to me -- crispy fried, salty, and spicy. Maybe it was because my tongue was smarting from all the pepper oil. But I'd go back for the torture again...it's a good torture.
<review# 1224,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/14/2010,6/11/2011,144,95,29,17,12>I finally found my place.  After shuffling my poor little bush through the many hands of many ladies in our fair city, I'm finally settling down.  Thank God.  Misty is the best best of all bestests.  She's incredibly gentle and such a  nonchalant conversationalist that even when I was face down holding my ass cheeks apart I still didn't feel uncomfortable.  I was actually kind of bummed when my wax was over because that meant we'd have to stop chatting.  She also helped me to eradicate my persistent skin irritations and ingrown hairs.  Hallelujah.  Thanks to Misty, all of you Yelp readers who know far too much about my bush will no longer be submitted to even more information.  Lucky me and lucky you.
<review# 1225,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2010,6/10/2011,130,170,5,4,4>Technically, right now I'm supposed to be at the gym, working out, and being healthy in general.But noooo.... not when Tin Lizzy's is on the menu! We're talking $15 pitcher of the house margarita, and a damn good time. I mean, it can't be such a bad thing to introduce yourself to new friends as an alcoholic, can it? We bonded, and that's what mattered. Also sufficiently gorged ourselves on the Tres Amigos - meaning, a giant bucket of chips + queso + salsa + guac! So fresh, so good. And of course, tacos - they have these taco specials, apparently one of them has (omg!) tater tots in them... genius, or what?! They cover the chips with these seasoning which makes them so, so irresistible... and also just so, so thirsty! (that's right, I blame my dehydration on excess sodium, not on excess alcohol) Bonus was good service. We had a party of about 15 people, and the server didn't get anyone's order mixed up. She didn't even ever ask the expected "so who got the....." when getting us our food. Nice. So, I'll be back... soon!
<review# 1226,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/15/2010,6/9/2011,74,130,2,13,3>My friend and classmate Alecia had her birthday dinner at Mingles.  First let me just say that I had no idea that this place even existed.  It has a really nice atmosphere, great vibe and decor.  Now let's talk for real.  The food wasn't bad but it wasn't great.  Some of the party loved their food while others hated what they ordered.  I had the jerk chicken and it was fair.  I felt the food was overpriced for the type of establishment.  It was like trying to have fine dinning in a club.  The turkey lasagna and crab cakes looked awesome, but again $25 for crab cakes are we at the Capitol Grill?  The service was not good.  Terribly slow considering they weren't that busy.  Our waitress seemed to forget lots of things and it took forever for the food to come out.  Overall, I would return to Mingles for a low key dinner or drinks but it's not a place I'll be dreaming about.
<review# 1227,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2011,6/8/2011,89,423,,5,5>For me, HG sets the standard for casual-but-classy sports bar.They have done a great job with their staff. You can tell they all get along with each other, and have a teamwork attitude. It makes a huge difference. And we love seeing the same servers, bartenders, or managers when we're there. This place has so much space, which makes it absolutely perfect if you've got a huge group. I was there last night for the BCS championship and most tables were in the 6-10 person range... no problem for HG. I even held my holiday party here in their private room, about 25 people. It was fantastic! HG is definitely more set up for groups than any other of the places nearby (Taco Mac across the street, for example, has mostly booths which limits the group size). HG is a game-changer for Midtown restaurants in terms of offering deals. We visit often for $5 mystery pitchers of beer they advertise on their Facebook. They also have good check-in deals on facebook and foursquare. Their deals have turned me and my bf into loyal customers; why go anywhere else?Food and drink is what's to be expected. I really enjoy the burgers, cheese dip, and ginormous desserts. We've had vegetarians, diet-crazy people, and those who needs stuff gluten-free, and we've not had a problem. There's something for everyone here.Hudson Grille is not a place I'd recommend for visitors, but I definitely recommend it for Atlantans just looking for a chill place to hang out and grab some beers. And while things may not always be perfect, we love it here and will probably be back later this week... and next week...
<review# 1228,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2011,6/7/2011,178,260,7,15,6>So, I ventured out here when I found out that this place was open. I just had to get out.... I had the worst cabin fever. Anyway I decided to go with the full on Brazilian.The room itself where is done is plain, it had the raised mat or table where all the ripping takes place, a big chair, and their supply table. The lady that did me let me in and let me get stripped form the waist down... they didn't have the little cotton bikini wax undies that I am used to when I get a Brazilian, which I thought was odd, but whatever.The lady came in and really went to business, she applied the wax without any strips or anything and let it harden and just went on a ripping spree. Ohh man!! That was painful, but the pain just last a few seconds. I just wish I had take a couple of ibuprofen. She was quick and efficient throughout the ordeal. If she knew you were in pain she would stop for a second and apologize and just continue... rather comical when looking back since I was paying her to do this for me. Either way, this lady was speedy and professional throughout, she even went over with tweezers on parts where the wax missed. Overall, I was very happy with the results and with the price $35 plus tip is not bad as I have paid wayyy more for something like this and it had taken twice the time. I'll def be back!!#365Yelp 12/365
<review# 1229,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2011,6/6/2011,193,304,3,6,6>La Pietra is a great Italian restaurant I somehow don't eat at enough.  I've been here 4~5 times, and a couple visits were back when they didn't even have a dining room.  Now there is a spacious, dim, handsome dining room that feels more like a good cigar lounge.  The staff can sometimes be creepily eager, but is generally very knowledgeable and professional.  Fine wine list as well as cocktails.  If your mouth waters when you read about or see the kind of big-flavored, somewhat unusual pasta dishes Mario Batali serves, this is the place for you.  Compare to place like Sotto Sotto (also excellent pasta), the recipes here are bolder and the combinations can be quite interesting, especially on the specials.  I've had more than half a dozen different pasta and risotto dishes here, almost all of which have been just delicious.  The many house-made noodles have excellent flavor and texture, and the ingredients--intense and fresh.  Some dishes might be too richly buttered (risotto, watch out) or too heavily seasoned, actually, but not at all drowning in sauce like the American Italian style (which I dislike).  Funny thing, two of the best pasta dishes, the tagliatelle and the black spaghetti, somehow have a faintly Asian flair to them, and I am not the only one to think so.  Anyway, the pasta, that's where it's at, get it.    I am still craving the smoked mussel bisque, which was probably one of the most flavorful soups I've ever had, but on the normal menu, I will settle for the tender and succulent Babbo style squid, the prosciutto which comes in generous amount, and the tortellini of the day.  These dishes are reasonably priced but smallish compare to many Italian restaurants.  One can easily fill up on the free, good bread to remedy this problem.  I've had only two entrée dishes and both were underwhelming, which is why La Pietra gets 4 stars.  Spotted prawns, much too salty.  A "southern style" rib dish on the other hand was much too sweet.  Both of these were specials though.  The normal entrées might be better. Overall, I can't use the word intensely-flavored enough when describing this place.  If you are the person to put bone marrow on your burger and top it off with fresh egg and oxtail marmalade at Farm Burger, you will probably love La Pietra.
<review# 1230,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/6/2010,6/5/2011,629,185,8,6,6>Being a bit of a weho ho in socal (check my list), I had been waiting to check out some gay bars out in the area. Hearing great reviews of the place, we came here this past Friday night for a few drinks after my birthday dinner. Upon arrival, the parking lot was packed! A bit crazy, especially since we thought we were arriving at a pretty decent hour. There's parking on the side streets with a bit of searching.Loved that there was no cover and the line speeds along pretty quickly. The place gets pretty packed, but luckily for two levels and an outdoor patio, mobility is not really an issue. The bartenders are really nice and you can get your drinks pretty quickly. DON'T be deceived by the size of the plastic cups - that just means the alcohol is highly concentrated. Downstairs a drag show was going on which was a bit lackluster than what I had anticipated. Maybe a rough night? tough crowd? too many Rihanna ballads? Who knows? Didn't phase me too much, as I'm sure I'll be back here again in the very near future *cough Kathleen Cough*BTW, where are the gaysians at? I need friends! =P
<review# 1231,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2010,6/4/2011,789,691,4,13,8>My friends and I are about 10+ years away from AARP eligibility but we already have the mindset of that demographic when it comes to taking advantage of early bird specials :) Colonnade has an Early Bird Special for $11 which includes entree, 2 sides, beverage, and dessert. Their regular prices are higher than you'd expect so the $11 special is a great deal. It's available Mon-Thur 5-6:30pm, and Sat 12-4pm. Go to their website to check out the eligible menu selections.This was only my 2nd visit but it was so much better than my 1st. Maybe it was partly psychological b/c I got a great deal this time. Tonight I got the Salmon Croquettes which was served w/ a red pepper & chive bechamel. For sides I picked our server's favorites: stewed corn (fresh shucked corn made into cream corn) and squash casserole (chef's own special recipe). Croquettes were a little drier than I would've liked but otherwise, everything was excellent, esp. my sides. I also got a taste of the Chicken Fried Chicken (which was HUGE - see photo) and the Grilled Tilapia (loved the grilled flavor and cooked perfectly). I loved the flavor of both these dishes and I'd definitely get either of these next time. Honestly I wouldn't have expected a non-fried entree like grilled fish to taste so good, esp. at a southern restaurant.Dessert was better than expected, too. Our server said the Lemon Pie was her favorite but since 3 of the 4 at my table ordered it, I decided to get the Peppermint Ice Cream b/c it had gotten good reviews plus I knew I'd be able to get a taste of the pie from my generous friends :) Both desserts were fantastic - whipped topping was light & creamy (not a meringue), and the filling was more like a pudding (and not bright yellow). I loved my ice cream, too - and I loved the bits of peppermint candy. Nothing like getting a taste of Christmas a little early :)I'm definitely coming back for the $11 early bird special, esp. if I have a craving for Southern food. And you know it has to be good here b/c most of the customers are senior citizens who probably know more about good Southern food than any other demographic.FYI - this place is CASH ONLY. And they don't take reservations.
<review# 1232,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2011,6/3/2011,296,419,3,4,5>Raku is a newly opened restaurant joint by Honey Pig in Duluth. It's located in the same plaza as H-mart off of Pleasant Hill Rd. It's a pretty hip, trendy spot. The décor is pretty nice and they have a island in the middle that people can dine at.The restaurant focuses on a few things which are ramen noodles, and fried pork cutlets(ddon-kas-tsu). They do have a few appetizers like fried calamari tempura, shuma, and other dinner entrees like fried rice. One bad thing is that they don't serve beer. I'm hoping they will later on. Not sure why they don't. Came here with a friend waiting for other friends. I thought we could start off with an appetizer so I ordered the fried calamari tempura but nope they didn't have any because it ran out. It must've been good for it to sell out. So I opted to wait for the remaining friends instead.When they finally got here. We ordered pork cutlet, pork ramen noodles, champon noodles (Korean seafood noodles) and I ordered shrimp fried rice. My friend chastised me because you don't come into a restaurant that focuses on pork cutlets and noodles to order fried rice. Well I didn't feel like eating any of those things! =P Unfortunately I paid for it....not in what you think though.My friend's dishes came out first. So I ended up nimbling on their dishes. The fried pork cutlet (ddon-kas-tsu) was pretty good. Eating the pork ramen noodles and the champon noodles, I could immediately tell that they were quality noodles. The champon noodles had whole pieces of shrimp in it. It made me almost regret ordering the fried rice.My dish took awhile to come out. The server told me that the line cooks weren't happy with how it turned out so they made a new dish. I was like "whatevers". When it finally did come out, it was delicious and it made it worth waiting for them to make it taste right.Overall, I really enjoyed the food here and it's cheap. $8-$10 per dish/bowl and it's a trendy spot. I only wished they served beer. I know it's a new spot so maybe they are working to get their beer license. I'll definitely come back.
<review# 1233,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2011,6/2/2011,433,226,6,8,5>This place beats the sh*t out of Do Re Mi. They have IPADS as the song browsing and ordering device. Enough said. :] Granted, it did break for a minute while we were banging on it, it's still super f-ing cool.Song variety was large for all languages! English, Chinese, Japanese, Korean and Spanish.Service was impeccable and they were super friendly and nice. I'll definitely be back.
<review# 1234,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2011,6/1/2011,213,662,15,8,7>Tragedy struck on Saturday when I left my trio of Cami cupcakes in my blazing car. Delicious icing had slid all over the place like an oozing Ren & Stimpy eyeball.Despite the afternoon nuke, my strawberries and cream cupcake pleased me with its fresh flavors, cream cheese icing undertone and fresh berry on top. The caramel variety, topped with a thin layer of icing as opposed to the strawberry's high swirl, made me think of cool old ladies who wear peacock feathers while they cook.My boyfriend thanked me profusely for his German chocolate surprise. I must practice prudence per impending bathing suit weather!
<review# 1235,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2010,5/31/2011,245,510,11,10,7>It's been years since I've danced with Fritti, and I'm not sure why.  This tromps all over every pizza joint in Atlanta (except for Antico).  People giving this place 1 and 2 stars must have ruined their tastebuds by eating too much Papa Slobs, because there is no way this is a 1 or 2 star pizza.To compare with Antico:Thinness of crust:  Fritti.  It is a nice thin light crust while Antico's end crust can get on the thick side.Taste of crust:  Antico.  Both Antico and Fritti have nice chew, and good char throughout.  Fritti's crust can come across a bit bland compared to Antico though.Sauce:  Antico.  When it comes to sauce, nobody touches Antico.  It's the one part of Antico's pie that compares country-wide.  However, Fritti's sauce is very good, and where it really shows is on their Marinara pie which is completely underrated.  The simplicity of the Marinara pie is the beauty of it, and the sauce shines through.Cheese and basil:  it's a wash.  It's all good.  Both Antico and Fritti use quality cheese and use the appropriate amount.  Both pull the basil.Service:  Clearly Fritti.  That doesn't have to be said really since people have to wait in line to get water in the dishwashing sink at Antico like a bunch of peasants, all the while trying to convince themselves that it's all part of the authentic experience.  Ah, sure, o.k.Overall, Fritti's pie is killer, and Varasano is rolling sour grapes by blasting this place because it is just better than his in every way.  As for Varasanos:  The emperor has no clothes.By the way, Fritti is offering to slice your pie for you.  It's about time!  I never understood why they didn't.  So that is a bonus.
<review# 1236,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2010,5/30/2011,1969,871,4,9,7>I did not have high expectations for this place due to being part of Buckhead Life Group, I've been to a number of places and was underwhelmed!Bistro Niko changed everything for me! I love everything about it! The decor, the kitchen is amazing, I want to recreate a smaller version and put it in my house!This reminds me of a place that if your out on Lake Lanier all day boating and you need a good meal on the way home, come here and indulge in the appetizers.Pate, Mushroom Pizza, Cheese Puffs, French Onion Soup and of course the Mussels were amazing! The Skate entree was perfect.Puff Pastry dessert was perfect!Noise level way to high! Server tried really hard to do a good job but failed in that department. The management should spend more time training the staff.
<review# 1237,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2010,5/28/2011,308,222,22,20,8>This was my first Atlanta club experience... I would say it was a 4 instead of 5 due to no seating.  Girls like me wanna look cute and we wear our high heels.  By 1:30 am my dogs were barking yall!  I am not bawlin outta control so no I can't afford VIP seats jus yet.  But the line on this Friday moved steady and I paid $20.00 for VIP line that was shorter than the regular.  Drinks kinda pricey.  I loved the atmosphere and DJ was on point.  Crowd was dressed very nice but da gurls were mean muggin me and my friend.  Well that made me wanna drink more.  By the time I left I was WASTED yall and did not care.      Update:  Well I decided to host my bday at the Velvet Room in VIP on a Friday (Grown and Sexy) night.  I had an absolute balll but I gotta tell ya bout the curve balls.  I had ppl comin in from out of town and I admit this is where u need to go show company a good time.  Sundays are Velvet's most popular night b/c it's free all nite for ladies and their are more celebs.  With that being the said VIP booth I got for $500 on Fri was &1200 on Sun.  The booth was right on the dancefloor (#6) and included $400 worth of drinks and 20 wristbands to pass out.  They said Ciara was hosting, but she nvr appeared.  I don't rly care bout this, but c'mon why yall lying?  They make u buy a bottle which are 250-300 dollas, then take it out of ur 400 dollas worth drinks.  You must tip ur waitress 20% of ur 400 $.  So that was frustrating but once I hung that stuff up I had fun.  The booth is huge and I had 10 ppl with me comfortably, and it's right on the dancefloor once u lift the velvet rope.  So my gurls are cute, well guys were jus lookin up ovr the rope like they were lost puppies and wanted to be adopted.  Sooo sad but entertaining.  Bottle service was nice, I jus drank grey goose and pineapple/cranberry all nite.  Ahhh how sweet it is to wear 6 inch heels and be able to sit yo ass down.
<review# 1238,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/23/2011,5/27/2011,243,486,5,9,8>Assaulting decor, noise level and borderline incompetent service? Yep.Controversial? Hmm hmm.Surprisingly good Greek food? Sorry, yes.I had to try it. The current downtown Decatur offerings have become stale. They give you an obscene amount of food for lunch. I wanted a gyro salad (which was not listed among the 20something lunch offerings), and the server gave me some rigmarole about it, so I just got the sandwich. It came with  a tangy lemon chicken avgolemono soup, delicious cole slaw, fries, and a pickle. Cheers~
<review# 1239,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2010,5/26/2011,354,392,7,17,15>A lot of good stuff has been said about Lottafrutta, but I will put in my animal free 2 cents for the kiddies that care about that jazz...I haven't felt so rad since being around a few hundred kids yesterday (kid crud loves me) but Zack E. dragged me out with the promise of fresh fruit to boost my immune system.  Thanks man!!The owner, Myrna,  is FANTASTIC, I want to be friends with her right now!!  She walked through all the vegan yums she had and surprised me with the fact that her coconut whipped cream is vegan!  Slap that on a cup of fruit and it's pure heaven, I want to eat that every day, seriously.  I had the veggie sandwich, and instead of getting it with cheese she replaced it with homemade hummus.  The taste combination of insanely fresh cucumber, tomato, sprouts, avocado, and hummus on her delicious pressed bread is an instant addiction- and I will say no, no, no to that rehab.  The best part of the trip ( well, besides the wonderful company of Zack, James H., and Alain L. ) was the vegan ice cream Myrna made for us to try.  It was a type of berry (I will have to get back to you on what it was called) that was sweet, creamy, and pleasantly tart and almost tasted like there was a hint of tea somewhere in the background, it was lovely.  I'm not big on dessert, but the taste was so unique I would love to try it again sometime very soon.While settling up, James pointed out the frequent customer card... I now have one and I plan on using it again as soon as possible!!
<review# 1240,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/1/2010,5/25/2011,32,114,9,12,5>I joined this gym because it was only half a mile from my work.  Well, that and the fact that it's only $10 a month to be a member - with no long-term contract.  Yep, you heard me.  Ten bucks and a month-to-month contract.  How refreshing, right?Well.. there is more to it, obviously - but it's not all that bad or anything.  Here we go!  So while it really is only $10 a month (at least when I joined back in April 2010), there are other "fees" that wind up making the cost out to be something like $18 a month.  They don't tell you about this fee until the very end.  All in all, it's not that big of a deal; assuming you don't need a full-blown gym experience in your membership.ABOUT THE CLUB:  I wouldn't call it a "club" as much as a converted half of a grocery store turned over-sized gym room.  The equipment is pretty new or new and certainly plentiful.  There are two sets of Hammer brand weight machines (current and previous generation equipment), as well as free weight Hammer machines and a series of benches and an actual free weights section in the back of the place.  It has two huge banks of about 25 pieces of cardio equipment including treadmills, stair climbers and ellipticals, as well as a "movie room" with about 20 more of these cardio machines, showing movies. Large, adequate bathroom, locker/changing area and shower facilities round out the place, with the exception of the Kids Area which occupies a space about 1/4 of the entire place, containing moon bounce type blowup things for the kids..although the last few times I went to the gym they've been deflated - perhaps they're not running the kids section anymore (I wouldn't know,  no kids yet)They have plenty of trainers - and frankly its how they make their money.  They also include a "Fitness Assessment" with your membership, where they measure your body fat % and overall health, listen to you to find out your goals and try to craft a workout routine for you....then proceed to try to sell you on having a trainer @ $45/session or something like that.  Could be $25... I  don't remember.WHAT THE CLUB DOESN'T HAVE:- Pool- Jacuzzi- Tanning Beds- Racquetball Court- Long Term Contracts- High Monthly RatesApparently the membership is good at their other locations.  I've not taken them up on that yet, despite the fact there is also a JF4U 3 miles from my house too.I recommend this place if you just care about working out.  There are both men and women at this gym - so those who get "embarrassed" by others looking at them at the gym (or who think others are looking!) might consider a place more your speed.  Personally, I've seen people of all ilks there - from young to old, girls, guys, from muscleheads to Fat Bastard himself... ok, not really but how cool would that be?
<review# 1241,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2010,5/24/2011,59,265,3,5,5>Solid Cantonese eats.The prices are utterly fantastic. The basic plates, which include rice, meat, and some vegetables, will run you about $5, give or take, and they'll fill you up. With the rice and vegetables just behind the register, and the barbecued meats hanging to the side, you won't have time to take a seat by the time your meal is ready. And while I come here for the barbecue, there's really an extensive menu you can order from, everything reasonably priced.The barbecue itself -- I've had the roast duck and the barbecued pork -- isn't bad. Certainly nothing to write home about, but it's cheap and delicious enough. Buy it by the pound; a pound of barbecued pork (I like taking some home to throw in a big pan of fried rice) will run you just under $12. A whole roast duck runs just under $13, if I'm not mistaken.There's room enough to eat in, though there's not exactly a nice or classy interior. On the outside, Ming's is built into an ugly and run-down strip mall on Buford. Look for the collection of buildings with the blue roofs, and after you pull into the parking lot, keep on driving past Quoc Huong and the now-defunct Ranch 99.Cash only.
<review# 1242,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2011,5/23/2011,264,265,8,15,6>If Gu and Tasty China fought it out, Gu's Bistro can b-slap Tasty China's face so hard, laugh about, and still win by a league after sportmanship points are docked when it comes down to Sichuan food, presentation, service, cleanliness, and interior decor.Chef Gu grew up and dedicated his life to making and creating food. He has been designated a "Chen Bao", or roughly translated, "City Treasure", a circle of talented individuals who are offered this prestigious honor by the government for their outstanding work, skills, and talent, often in fields such as arts and crafts and anything else that promotes and preserves the culture of Chengdu, Sichuan.Impressed? Yeah, I had no idea this was going to happen after stepping into the dead, run-down strip mall-like shopping complex.Then we stepped in. Holy cow, am I in an authentic Chinese restaurant? The ambience and atmosphere was very pretty, almost like a nice sushi restaurant.The cleanliness rating is 100%, and I believe them. Everything was spotless, and the owners frankly told us they refused to eat in places like Chinatown because it was too dirty.Service was very sincere and spot on by young 'uns, assisted by Mrs. Gu herself. Now, we ordered:Sliced beef tendon in red chili oil: yeah, this was authentic. So good, and so fresh! I think my eyes bugged out. Good start.Fei Chang Gan Guo ("dry pot"): Chengdu people love food like fashion. Every year there is a new trend in dishes. Through the years twice cooked pork, lion's head, crackly corn and rice, gan guo, and stuffed tofu have all been on the cover page.A little explanation on dry frying.. it's a technique that cooks the meat in oil without any kind of coating so that the moisture runs out from the interior from the intense heat to concentrate the flavor of the meat. The meat becomes does become slightly dry, but there is still enough moisture and intense flavor to make up for it.You can get gan guo in beef, chicken, tofu, and chitterlings.This was the best dish, in my opinion. I still have left overs and it's hella good. If it's your first time, skip the peppers and onions, and eat the meat only, ok? Just trust me.Fei Chang he Xue Huo Guo (hot pot with chitterlings and blood): we got the spicy hot pot; although it was good, it was just plain spicy without any "mala" numbing to it. I wouldn't get this if you're new to spicy hot pot, or have company that's skittish of "exotic" foods like duck (lol!), because this will really turn them off.Zhangcha ya (Tea smoked duck): OMG! Now this can't compete with the guy under my house in China, but the flavor is spot on. I never liked Beijing Roast duck- that is the worst tasting piece of duck ever. Chengdu's zhangcha ya beats it, hands down.The duck needed more moisture and the skin was crispy (wtf? the skin can not be crispy. the end.) but I was so happy to have this, as it was my favorite dish as a child. Now I was ballin' fat when I was a little girl, so I didn't get to have this very often, as my grandparents thought I would only get fatter...and not have any friends.....Anyway, we also had the latest trend in Chengdu food:Fried Stuffed Soft Tofu with Gravy: Ok, think of soft, silky tofu. Scoop out a small teaspoon of the middle and place a small meatball in the middle (shrimp? I'm not sure, so ask if you have allergies). They fry it with this really crispy breading (not like fried chicken or tempura, real breading done Chinese-style) and then pour gravy over it. So when you bite into it, you get an explosion of tastes and textures, soft and silky, chewy, crunchy, savory, and sauce. Yeah, hella good. Only dish that we ordered that wasn't spicy, other than duck.I haven't been back home in a while, but this place comes hella close...How close, you must say?Let me say that I had friends from Chengdu over, and as we were talking, we found out that their fathers and the Gu family grew up together from elementary school and on. My friends and the Gu family now lives in the same gated community as my relatives. Small world, for real right?!Come here and order off the menu in Chinese; get help if you must. Don't EVER order Americanized food here. That's like cheating yourself of a great experience.One last thing! All the spicy dishes we ordered was spicy enough to turn my face a little red, cause slight moisture on my nose, drink half a cup of water, and force me to blow my nose once.That translates to absolute hell, misery, and non-stop coughing for people who don't eat spicy foods.You have been warned.
<review# 1243,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/26/2011,5/22/2011,145,240,9,7,5>The quality of seafood is undeniable and they showcase it right up front where you wait to place your order - the tilapia is beautiful. The mainly fried seafood preparation is average. Think Atlanta beach seafood shack - it's not any better than any seafood spot near the beach, but for Atlanta, it's pretty good stuff. Prices are slightly unreasonable considering that the po'boy here is the same price as the po'boy at Star Provisions (which is considerably better).That being said, the service is atrocious. Homegirl up front is always on facebook or managing her kids and not the ungainly line. Typically, I'll put up with bad service for good food, but the grub just doesn't outweigh the line.
<review# 1244,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2011,5/21/2011,91,277,3,28,19>It was love at first sight.  Cafe Jonah and the Magical Attic (Souper Jenny's sister store) is housed in a cute cottage behind Whole Foods, and it's as playful and eccentric as it sounds. There are only a handful of parking spots out front, but there is more parking behind the cottage.  Cafe Jonah gives off a warm vibe, and the fact that it doesn't have a Buckhead feel to it makes it such a wonderful addition to the neighborhood.  I thought it was going to be more of a coffee shop and bakery, but to my surprise, there were plenty of breakfast and lunch options (all under $9) as well. We ordered and then toured the space while we waited for our food.  We made our way to the attic, which is quite the spiritual haven. They offer tarot card readings and a sitting room, as well as books, candles, and more for purchase.  The tarot card readings with Lady M are $30; I blinked and my sister was sitting in the chair.  So yes, of course I sat down with Lady M next.  We had a great time and laughed up a storm- the only thing that would have made it better is if they didn't strictly adhere to the 15 minute time limit.We sat at the community table and had the chocolate and raspberry french toast casserole, the frittata with goat cheese and peppers, and the mixed fruit with greek yogurt and honey.  The fruit is always fresh and I imagine that so many people order it that they have to spend hours chopping it the night before.  The french toast casserole was to die for: imagine something in between french toast and bread pudding, and that's what I had in front of me.  I would not hesitate to order that again. If you want something lighter, you could certainly go with a bowl of fruit or oatmeal. They had plenty of baked goods and a bunch of coffee, espresso, and tea options. Whether you want to meet friends here for brunch, or hang out and relax for a couple of hours, this is your spot.  I'm sure that it will develop a cult following in no time, so make your way over to Cafe Jonah as soon as you can.Note: Unlike Souper Jenny, Cafe Jonah does accept credit cards.
<review# 1245,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2011,5/20/2011,474,1389,4,13,7>This is the real deal - barbecue so good that it doesn't even need sauce.  For me the true test of a barbecue joint is in the flavor of the meet before you put any sauce on it.  And Heirloom Market has some impressive meat.For lunch on a Wednesday, we got there just before noon.  I got the last parking spot in the lot, just as others were starting to make spots for themselves along the curb.  Unfortunately, the rest of my party hadn't arrived, and by the time they did, the few seats inside were taken or configured in such a way that 3 and a car seat wasn't going to happen.  So we got ours to go and took it back to the house.  Next time, I'll get here earlier so that we can sit at the big table together and the enjoy the roar of the little electric fireplace.We wanted to try everything, so we got the 3 meat platter with brisket, pork, and baby back ribs.  It comes with one side, but we added two, trying the beans, collards, and mac.  For sauces, I asked for Tennessee and Texas.  All that plus tip for only $25.  I wondered if it would be enough for 3 adults.We were home and enjoying the food in 15 minutes, so it was pretty fast.  They did a great job of packaging everything to hold in the moisture, but we did eat it right away, so I can't attest to how long it would keep.The portions of meat looked small at first, but by the end, we were all satisfied, I think because they were all SO flavorful.  I loved them all.  The brisket came with onions and carrots, and consequently reminded me of juicy, flavorful pot roast.  The pork was moist and delicious with a good smokiness. The ribs were fork tender.  The sides were also excellent.  This is the kind of mac and cheese worth buying - rich and creamy, with cheese that strings as you pull out your bite, and no taste of flour in the sauce.  The collards had good texture and were on the sweet side.  The beans were smoky and delicious.  The pickles that came with the meats were excellent - just the right amount of pickle flavor, but still good texture to the cuke itself.The only thing that didn't thoroughly impress me was the sauce.  Both of them were too sweet for my taste.  The one marked T was thicker and seemed to be ketchup based.  The one marked K was thinner, with more vinegar and spice.  I preferred to eat the meat without them, particularly the ribs and the brisket.I can't wait to go back to this place.  I'm thrilled that it's so close to our house!#Yelp365 - 20/265
<review# 1246,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2011,5/19/2011,122,193,5,7,9>Yep, been here, done that. Will we do it again? You bet! Flip Burger is cute without the trappings of "trying to be cute", and easy enough to find in its free-standing location. I chose this for my birthday lunch- on a Sunday afternoon where it was bound to be pretty laid back. I was right!We started with drinks- I had the Spring Fling- and hubby had the Ginger Margarita. I will be attempting to fashion both of these at home this summer. We split a wedge salad and that came superquick- thankfully so because our server was in lala land. That's really the only ding I found here. To be fair, hubby has a "thing" about waiting to get a beer. Once the starter was gone he was not about to take the wait for a beer lightly. Tick tock, tell the runner we need our waiter...tick tock...I spy him outside...tick tock...I spy him behind the host stand,...tick tock, I see the happiness level diminishing in hubby's face. DING! Finally we both turn and practically shout to get his attention and...voila! beer is brought just as the burgers hit the table. Whew. Crisis averted. (Waitstaff note in general: check your table BEFORE the food comes to see if anyone needs another round. Some people (ahem) like their cold one right there next to their first bite.) So yes, about the bites. Yummy! I had the Butcher's Cut and he had the Local. His was a tiny bit too rare but he was ok about it. Mine was perfect. I am now officially in love with the combo of blue cheese and red wine jam-onion-reduction-whatever- It's that stuff that seems to be everywhere these days. SO good together! The fries were great! the ketchup was forgettable, but oh the hickory smoked mayo- oh my! Oh my my! TOTALLY took mayo to a new place.We had to get a milkshake to take along for dessert - took our servers suggestion and ordered the Turtle and even though hubby said he was too full, he polished that baby off on the ride home. Yep, we'll be back!
<review# 1247,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2010,5/18/2011,158,678,4,10,4>Every summer, when school was out and the air was getting to be muggy and hot, my daycare would load up the vans with us kids and take us to the Cyclorama. It was a fun day out in Grant Park, a chance for us to run around freely without the confinement of a chain link fence. Every kid looked forward to this trip. After all, it was better than a boring old movie theater. Here we all could pile in to a room, listen to the history of Civil War era Atlanta and the battles that took place, all while spinning around in a slow moving circle. Kids always had a blast!As an adult, I'm sure the "spinny circle" doesn't have that same sense of euphoria placed on it, but it's still a fun, unique attraction in Atlanta. Spend a day here learning about the war while observing one of the world's largest murals (formerly the first largest, it's now the second). When you're done, you can enjoy a day in the park or hop over to the zoo. It's definitely fun for kids. They may not learn much, but they'll enjoy watching various battles light up, all the sights and sounds, and that awesome rotating auditorium. Having trouble rounding people up for this place? Just tell your kids that Mufasa is the one doing the movie before the diorama (you know the guy, James Earl Jones). Or perhaps the Gone With the Wind lover in you is dying to spot that Clark Gable figurine among the soldiers. Whatever it is, there's a little bit of something unique here for both adults and kids alike, and it's a real Atlanta gem that you simply have to check out.
<review# 1248,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2011,5/17/2011,178,178,7,16,11>For those folks who will visit this fine restaurant for the first time not knowing what's in store, I'll sum it up thusly: it's not a drink list, it's a "beverage journal."Right off the bat, Atlanta's best-in-class Bacchanalia sets itself apart by being literally and rhetorically superior (some might argue self-important, but hey, semantics) by calling items by fanci-fied different names. It's not a salad, after all, it's a "cheese complement." And the phrase is, by all accounts, absolutely true - the d'amert cheddar cheese in my frisee and apple salad was sublime. So savory, in fact, that it made sense to give the rest of the ingredients - tart apple straws, candied pecans, pickled beets and a light vinaigrette - second billing.I'm a native New Yorker, born and raised, and this eatery (there's my falutin' word of the day) is still, after I've lived in Atlanta for nearly 20 years, the finest restaurant I've had the pleasure of visiting. And we as a city are the better for it. You see Yelpers listing their dishes down to minute detail because they are THAT memorable and palette-altering. I was with my honey for our one-year anniversary (more on that in a minute), and his thai-infused risotto was, in every sense of the word, like seeing God. Even something as small and unassuming as a petite radish spear with herbed butter was complex and yummy. The blue-crab round-fritte with mandarin-citrus sauce was delicious as well. Note to skeptical reviewers: you don't go here to be a foodie, or extra-critical; you go for a high-level experience that is unparalleled in the city. The best comparison I have is the ill-fated (and terrible, truly awful) Craft Atlanta, which was long on celebrity and short on everything else. An impostor, if you will, masquerading with gimmicks and olive-garden bad food. Bacchanalia proves that authentic farm-to-table joints can suffer the entry of wannabes and still knock it out of the park.We were among four other couples celebrating anniversaries, three of them gay couples, including us. The straight couple next to us had been there for each of the 18 years they've been together, at the very same table - and agreed we'd make it a date for next year. When everyone found out it was our first anniversary, they applauded us, which was nice. (It's just an honor to be nominated.) The restaurant even put two men in tuxes on our anniversary cupcakes.So, lesson to folks who are oddly critical of this restaurant: you go for an experience AND the food. No one restaurant can be "on" all the time, and not everything we had was superb. But we left feeling we had a first-class experience and that's what matters.
<review# 1249,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2011,5/16/2011,792,472,2,8,8>Ok...I don't where to start. My boyfriend and I, after talking about going  forever, finally made our way to the farmers market. Even though we showed up around 4p on a Sunday (which is probably the busiest time) we were more overwhelmed with the amount of stuff that was there than with the crowd of people. I'm still in shock with how large it was...we really had no idea. Note...they take checks, cash and debit cards only. Also suggest carrying a basket instead of a cart. Much easier to get around. Few things we tried this first time and loved...* Peanut butter...they have about 5 different kinds that they make fresh for you. We went with the almond butter...delicious. *Bakery...some great finds here from muffins to fresh sandwich breads. We bought some pretzels and whole wheat/cream cheese croissants. Both were incredible. *Deli meats and cheese...fabulous selection and even though there were a ton of people there, our wait at the deli meat counter wasn't that long.*Seasonings....I was in love. Prices were great and there was everything you could think of and more.*Produce...WOW. I saw over a dozen veggies/fruits I've never even heard of. It was impressive. We also really enjoyed the veggies we bought, fresh and priced well. About the same price as Kroger or Publix, but the selection was insane.  There's also a market restaurant with a lot of choices and the prices were very good.   Overall...GO TO THE FARMERS MARKET!! We'll be back soon.
<review# 1250,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2010,5/15/2011,213,121,4,12,7>it's really hard for me to give 5 stars to any restaurant, and as i'm giving 5 stars to carver's, i'm trying to think of reason not to give them 5.  the thing is, i just can't.  i can't say anything bad about the food.  the food is phenomenal.  one of the BEST southern kitchens i've ever been to.  everything i've had there is done so well, you just can't find a flaw in it.  this past visit, i ordered the fried chicken with mac and cheese and the potato/ham casserole.  my gosh, the chicken was delicious.  i usually get sick of fried chicken really easily because of all the grease and saltiness, but this one tasted way different than a lot of the other fried chicken i've had.  probably not the best i've had, but definitely worth a taste.the mac and cheese is my favorite kind of mac and cheese.  the cheese isn't too overpowering and yet the mac is still creamy.  simple and delicious, as mac and cheese should be.  the potato casserole was tasty as well.  i think this is a new addition since i haven't seen it before, or else i wasn't paying attention before.  it was not really what i was expecting, but still very good.  a lot of potatoes - which shouldn't be a surprise since their serving sizes are more than an "american serving size".  not to sound sexist, but some big guys (including myself) have a hard time finishing their meal.  i hear their meatloaf is kind of their signature dish.  me, i'm not a fan of meatloaf so i stayed clear.  it doesn't matter if it's their signature dish or not, i can't get myself to order meatloaf anywhere.  the ONLY bad things about this place are: 1) seating.  definitely not good for groups, and if you get to this place at a normal lunch time (12-1:30), you're going to be waiting in line and possibly might be out of a seat.  2) cash only.  make sure to bring cash with you cause although is is a place you want to be, visa is not going to be here.  remember to bring cash! $15 should cover you - most entrees are around $10.  restaurants like these that are only open for lunches during the weeks, you know they're doing something right if they don't have to open for dinner or on weekends.  seriously, check this place out for lunch.
<review# 1251,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2010,5/14/2011,67,441,5,10,6>I'm a sweet potato nut, so when I heard that there was a new pub in Decatur that served sweet potato tots, I had to go try them ASAP. The Square Pub is easy to find. The suggestion to look for the red door was very helpful. When we walked in we were greeted warmly and directed to sit on whatever level we liked. On each level we were greeted again and directed to the seating areas. The 3rd floor is great for a date or small group, the 2nd floor has a sweet little lounge. The walls are a cozy blue brick and on those walls are photos of squares all around the world. Our server, Lora, was fantastic and spot on with the seasonal beer and rotating tap selections (hello Pumking!) as well as menu suggestions for a first time diner. She was very fast as well, even while running up and down 2 flights of stairs for each request. The beer list is reserved, but strong. A true beer geek would find many drinkable selections and the PBR drinkers will not be intimidated. Ask about the rotating taps for a real treat.In additional to wanting to check out a new place, we were hungry for burgers. I went with a standard bacon cheeseburger and Hubby D got the Green Chile burger. Mine was slightly over medium and his was slightly under medium rare, but as far as quality and taste these were solid burgers. After a bite of the chile burger I was regretting my bacon cheeseburger. Be daring with the toppings, I think that's part of the fun here. Now about those sweet potato tots...what an awesome complement to my burger! I was imagining a breaded mush of sweet potato, maybe like a short fried sweet potato stick, but these puffs retained their totness. They were crispy and light like tots and fluffy and sweet on the inside. At the end of our meal the owner or manager stopped by asked about our meal, the lighting, and atmosphere in a non invasive way. It seemed he really wanted everyone to have a great experience and it showed throughout the entire staff. These guys are off to a GREAT start!
<review# 1252,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2011,5/13/2011,94,152,1,6,2>Love Love Love this place, the owners were great, the food was great. I mean the whole atmosphere was great! Its a pretty small place, so you may have to take it to-go, or maybe eat it in your car. But everything on the menu is worth a try.I can see already that my late nights will be filled with double D Delight.... Those things were to die for!!!!!!!!!!! Its a must try if you stop by this placeGreat job ladies keep up the good work!
<review# 1253,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2010,5/12/2011,110,152,4,8,9>I feel like an Antico traitor, but... 4.5 stars for Varasano's!  The hubs and I went on a pizza adventure a couple of weeks ago.  I've had friends argue my review on Antico swearing that Varasano's is way better.  I had to find out for myself.  We started off with the spinach salad topped with candied pecans, raspberry vinaigrette, and blue cheese crumbles on the side.  It was good except I didn't think there was enough dressing.  I asked the waitress for more and by the time she brought us the side of dressing I was on my last three bites of salad.  Later when we got the check we found that she charged us for the extra dressing without informing us beforehand!  What the heck.  I hate when servers do that.  -1/2 star.We wanted to fairly compare our favorite Antico margherita pizza with pepperoni to Varasano's, so we didn't get the buffalo mozerrella margherita.  We ordered the original with pepperoni.  The hubs really liked the dough and subtle balance of sauce and toppings.  I also liked the pizza, but couldn't figure out whether I liked it better than Antico's.  After much deliberation, we decided we had to go to Antico to settle the score!  We ordered the margherita with pepperoni and found that the crust at Antico is a little thicker, they use fresh garlic on top, much more pepperoni, and stronger basil than Varasano's.  I liked the stronger flavors at Antico (especially the garlic), but appreciated the thinner crust at Varasanos.In the end, hubs likes Varasano's more and I like Antico.  The one thing I do like more about Varasano's is the more affordable pricing, sorry Antico.
<review# 1254,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2011,5/11/2011,286,463,2,13,8>I was happy to be introduced to ESI through my friend Joanna who frequents this business on almost a weekly basis.  She had found a great deal online for 50% off a back exfoliation/massage treatment at this institute.  I couldn't pass up the opportunity to take advantage of the offer and experience such a treatment.  When we first walked in, we were greeted and quickly checked in.  I didn't know what to expect from my treatment but was so happy that I took advantage of the offer because who knew that a back exfoliation treatment could be so amazing?!? (Think: a facial but for your back.) Everything from the exfoliating scrub, purifying mask to the back & foot massage was just what I needed after a stressful couple of months.  Everyone at ESI including the staff and students are extremely professional and pleasant! Definitely check out ESI because their prices are affordable and you receive quality spa service for a fraction of the cost.  I look forward to returning for other services in the near future.#Yelp365 - 1/365
<review# 1255,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2010,5/10/2011,49,397,2,11,4>I went back yesterday after a long, stressful day. I was in desperate need of some relaxation and spoiling. I decided to splurge and upgrade to the custom blend pedicure. I opted for the salt soak and relaxing aromatherapy blend. I called a few hours before my appointment and Alayna had no problems getting it ready for me.Oh man, it is SO worth the extra $12. I got there a few minutes early and I'm pretty sure it was an hour and a half from start to finish. What more can a girl ask for? I was soaked, trimmed, scrubbed, massaged, lotioned, and polished beyond even the expectations I had from my last visit. I didn't feel rushed to leave when she finished. Some places finish and are practically shoving you out the door before your nails are dry. They've got me totally spoiled. I don't think I'll be able to go anywhere else now. All my girlfriends are getting gift certificates here for Christmas. Fortunately (or unfortunately?) it's only about a 20 minute drive from my office depending on traffic, so I'm thinking this is going to turn into a monthly habit.
<review# 1256,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/24/2010,5/9/2011,24,149,12,7,3>This is a very basic gym, but you know what? If I could afford my own private gym it would be alot like this. It is exactly what I need. Don't come here though, cause you'll slow my workout. Are you using those weights?Update 12/20: Its not the friendliest place, I make a point of saying hello and goodbye to the staff just to get them to acknowledge my existence. Almost all the customers wear earphones which is a way to avoid having to interact with other people. Gym etiquitte, while posted on a hard to reach wall, is so lax that even the staff doesn't use it. Some people lift weights in flip-flops. I'll bet their insurer wouldn't like that! And some of the folks there are just plain annoying, like whistling guy, crazy outburst guy, and singing guy.
<review# 1257,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2011,5/8/2011,86,144,8,6,6>Yea, Im all of 45 minutes away from this place. Does that stop me? Nope. Should the potential DUI's stop me? Yup Do they? Obviously not. Sad that my liver controls my life, however my stomach has a part to do with that as well. With that said, GO TO TWAINS. See what I did there? You didnt? You suck.So heres the deal, the food, rocks. The beer, brewed by Jordan Fleetwood of Dogwood fame brews the beer. Then they add on a few well chosen beers and host this wonderful pairing of food and beer in one of the most amazing spaces I have ever set my 23 year old eyes. I love the openness, the dive feel, but the reserved almost classy, yea I said it, feel to the place. Want some real class? Tuesdays at 8 with Joe Gransden throwing down some awesome jazz. I came here for the World Cup as well. Lets just say I found the spot to cheer on the boys of the Nation Team. Im a picky eater, but everything I have eaten so far, rocks. The beers, well Im not so picky. But if I was forced to drink Twains beer till I died, Im sure I could do worse. Find me here one day. I might be passed out on one of their couches.
<review# 1258,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2011,5/7/2011,212,240,14,7,5>STOP THE MADNESS!  Like a FAT girl LOVES CAKE!!!!!!!!!!!!!  YUMMAY... It was sooo good I bought some for my EX HUSBAND!As true Hot Dawg Connosiers we enjoy the absolute fabulocity of a great pup!Hands Down... HAND CUT FRIES!!!!!!!!!!!!! OMG! I was like a baby with breast milk, I LOVE potatoes.  FRESH HAND CUT potatoes... oH paleeeeeeeeeeeeease, i WILL NEVER EVA LOOSE WEIGHT!This place inspired me to try toppings I never tried before! Awesome!  I tried it because of a Groupon, but will return because of the excellent service and quality food.  great forkids and groups!They have international  flavors for the hot dogs!On a serious note, this IS one of the finer things in life!
<review# 1259,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2010,5/6/2011,140,214,3,4,4>living a couple blocks away, i'm surprised that i've only eaten here twice since opening day.been behind in my review writing, but here it goes anyway . . . day 1.  3 people.we each ordered a number 1 combo, and an assortment of other goodies (garlic fries, onion rings, root beer floats), and they came around and gave us some fried chicken liver on the house, and mistakenly brought by another root beer float . . . and left it with us on the house.#1 burger - good patty. juice. flavorful. not too salty. tasted like high-quality beef.  maybe my expectations for the bun based on some reviews i had read set me up to be surprised when i bit into it and actually liked it more than i expected.  and i'd have to say that their homemade sauce was pretty tasty too.garlic fries - they weren't exactly crispy though - not sure why . . . if they were sitting for a little bit? and some were already soggy, but anyway, on to the flavor - garlicy. and i love garlic.   so for some of you, it might be too much, but for me, it was good. it also had quite a strong cheesy flavor, as it comes out drizzled with garlic and cheese.  i'd definitely say i'm a fan of the flavoronion rings - they came out piping hot, crispy, and delicious.  the batter reminded me of japanese tempura for some reason . . . it initially tasted light, but man, there is no way that I could even finish a basket of these by myself.  in the end, they felt very heavy.  again, the flavor was delish though.root beer float - took me back to my childhood, going to the outlet malls, and getting a root beer float from the A&W @ the food court.  It was good.  Simple, but good.  I will say that the ice cream could be creamier (i think others may have commented on this too), but overall, it's still refreshing.fried chicken liver.  i don't really like liver.  but i ate it because 1. it was fried. and 2. it was free.  Fried + Free = Consumed.  I was surprised to see (taste?) that it didn't taste too livery (you know what i mean?). And it was surprisingly pretty good too . . . and it came with it's own special sauce, which was good too.day 2. 2 peopleordered the daily special (goat cheese, pickled onions), sweet potato fries, and the #5 combo.daily special was pretty good, really liked the goat cheese.  not huge fan of the pickled onions, but they were sweet and tangy and interesting.  again, juicy burger, more medium-well, but still juicysweet potato fries - good flavor, but a little soggy.  still looking for the best sweet potato fries . . . they've gotta be out there somewhere.#5 combo - wow. that pork belly is freaking out of this world. i'd eat a sandwich with only pork belly.  and putting this stuff ON the burger is just insane.  this really astonished me. i was so surprised by how good this was. it was fatty, juicy, flavorful, salty - almost everything you'd want in a burger.  the only complaint was that this was my wife's burger . . . made me wish i had ordered this too (we split half-half) . . . next time, i'm definitely ordering my own. oh yeah, and i had the vanilla porter.  it was fantastic paired with the burger(s).so there ya go . . . yet another farm burger review . . . this place is doing very well.  and i expect that they will continue to do so.
<review# 1260,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2010,5/5/2011,70,157,14,8,4>They do a really good job and aren't crazy expensive. The ambiance could be a lot better. They are super quick. They aren't into making you feel comfortable. lol. If you are shy about your twat, don't come here because they'll tell you to get naked from the waist down, get on the table and spread your legs, and will get aaaallll up in your grooves and folds.
<review# 1261,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2010,5/4/2011,57,302,4,4,4>This place is h(u^10)ge! Probably one of the biggest antique furniture stores I've seen in Atlanta. There are lots of random things you can get at prices you might not want to pay.The quality of the furniture they carry is actually quite good. A lot of antique places have great stuff, but the quality is not there. At Kudzu, the quality is really up there and does not feel that they cut any corners.The staff is really nice and friendly. They even have a request book to help you get what you really want.
<review# 1262,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2011,5/3/2011,427,432,8,8,7>Alright H&F, you got me. You got me good.I still can't believe I spent over 4 hours at this place and wasn't bored or annoyed at any point in time. We got there at 7 but didn't get seated until 9pm. However, the bar area was busy with people, drinks and appetizers, so it kept me happily busy until our table was ready.Consider H&F like a multi-course tapas-meal. You got your first course (their signature-holy-cow-they're-super-strong! drinks), the bread and cheese course, the side salad course, the main pasta course, and the dessert (the famous burger). By the time you get to the last course, you just realized that you just spent 4 hours at a restaurant, ordered waaay too many dishes and drank you ass off.Damn you H&F. You got me good.The best dishes there were the pancetta carbonara and the burger. The farm salad was pretty lame (4 pieces of lettuce with a thin cut of dry salami doesn't really scream SALAD to me), and the pimento cheese was great, but I like the Costco brand I buy a bit more (its spicier and chunkier). But the pasta.... well, how can you NOT like home made-cut fresh pasta, garlicky sauce and the egg right on top, perfect and ready to be mixed it with all the delicious cheese and pancetta. I could have eaten a tub-full of that plate. Then the burger. I have to admit, we didn't come here for the burger cause we thought they weren't served on Saturdays.. but the second we got seated at 9pm, the waiter asked us if we wanted to order it, and so we did. By 9:05pm, they had sold out. Score. I won't lie, I think that if you came here FOR the burger, actually waited 4 hours for the burger and had built soo much anticipation for it, you might not enjoy it as much as I did. For me, it was a nice surprise on top of all the great food I had already tried, and that made me enjoy it much much more.Like the server said, don't put anything on it, just eat it as is. The burger, unlike anything on the menu, is a giant meal. It is juicy, sweet, tender, and all the things you imagine an awesome burger to be. I licked my fingers more times than I could count, and was sad that the pieces of pickles (im not even a big fan of pickles!) were so small, cause I fell in love with them as soon as I put them in my mouth.I know, i'm starting to sound like a softcore-porn novel writer... but I can't be more accurate. It made me happy.Good job on food, service and atmosphere. You're too expensive for me to come here very often, but if it were free, I'd eat it anytime.
<review# 1263,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2010,5/2/2011,212,212,2,6,5>So this place has wifi. I came here with Kevin C. and John S. The service was fast and friendly. We ordered the chicken quesadilla, the deli burger, and the salmon scramble. This place is almost like an Ihop, EXCEPT better in every possible way. It's clean, has wifi, and has service that comes and makes sure your drink never goes empty. The chicken quesadilla is about average. Nothing done badly, but nothing to write home about either. There was plenty of chicken and sautéed onions, but the skin could have been a bit more crisp when they served it to us. The deli burger is crazy big. It's a 10 oz patty topped w/ griddled pastrami. To me, this burger is a little excessive. The pastrami definitely steals the show from the patty. It had a ton of flavor, was crisp, but still had a soft give to it when you bit into it. The 10 oz patty was kinda flavorless, and through we asked for it to be cooked medium rare, it most definitely came out rare. To me, if you had increased the amount of pastrami on the burger by maybe 50 - 100 percent, and cut the size of the patty in half, then it would have been a great burger.   As it is, the patty is so big that it just takes away from the rest of the burger, and in the end just makes it hard to eat just because there is so much underseasoned patty meat.The star to me at American Roadhouse, and the reason I suspect I will return over and over again in the future are the egg breakfast dishes. There is just a ginormous amount of food in these omelets. They all come with THREE sides. Not kiddy sides either. I'm talking about a large amount of country fried potatoes (big giant slices of potatoes that are fried, probably in a griddle), a plate of two thick giant pancakes (about the same size as Highland Bakery's sweet potato pancakes), and your obligatory toast or biscuit (me being the naughty boy I am got the biscuit... hey you don't work out for no reason right?). I got the salmon scramble and it was pretty good. The scramble is done as well as a scramble could hope to be done. It was fluffy, light, had TONS of salmon in it, and was seasoned properly. The only misstep in my opinion is that the salmon was flaked into oblivion. The flakes were so small that they didn't really add much to the consistency. I would have liked bigger chunks of salmon. On the other hand, that allowed the salmon flavor to be spread evenly throughout the omelet... Something which Radial Café had a problem with.The country fried potatoes here are DA BOMB. Don't be a little scaredy cat and be all diet-y here. GET THE COUNTRY FRIED POTATOES. They are cooked perfectly here, and the seasoning is spot on. Not too salty, and not underseasoned. And really, how many places make country fried potatoes with whole slices of potatoes anymore? The whole combination really becomes more than just the sum of its parts. I also got the buckwheat pancakes. They were absolutely delicious. Especially for a side item. They  are sweetened with molasses I think and have pecan chunks in them. .  The pancakes were crisp on the outside, and fluffy and moist on the inside. They are actually good enough to eat with just a minimum of maple syrup, (which to me is a sign of a good pancake).Contrary to popular belief, you do not need to coat an entire side of a bite of pancake with maple syrup; that way you do not overwhelm the delicate flavor of the pancake with the overpowering sweetness of the maple syrup.  The biscuit was the only part of the scramble which to me was subpar. The top was hard, so hard that I actually had to use two hands to break it apart. So in the end, I feel that this place is definitely a place I would come back to for my breakfast hit. And I love breakfast. So I think American Roadhouse and I will become very good friends. OH, and they have free wifi. More win.
<review# 1264,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/26/2010,5/1/2011,124,182,10,7,3>Move over, MJQ.  There's a new kid in town.Note: This review is ONLY for the weekend night dance parties, I have not experienced the food here at all.I didn't even know about the existence of this place until last week, but heard great things.  A friend of mine convinced me and some others to go, so I said why not.  Got here around 11:20pm on a saturday night, and there were about 10 other people there.  At first I thought, "oh great, another overhyped place."  My friends and I got some beers and talked outside, passing the time.  Thought the night was going to be a major dud.  Over the next 30 minutes though, I saw the largest influx of hipsters since I saw Sufjan Stevens at the Fox theatre.  The place suddenly got packed by midnight and it must've gone from 15 to 150+ people, easy.OK, so I exaggerate about the crowd type, but not the crowd level.  The place seriously was crowded, but it wasn't ass-to-elbows.  I could breathe, and you had decent dancing room.  Some slight bumping into others but everyone was pretty polite.The absolute high point for me was that the crowd was very diverse.  It had a hipster/indie bias, but there was a very nice mix of races, and styles.  There were your typical hipster dudes/chicks there with skinny jeans and tats, but also people dressed up pretty nicely for a typical club night as well and everything in between.  For me, crowd diversity is a very big thing so I was very pleased with that.  At one point, people dressed up in furry costumes came in and were treated normally, so that tells you something.Another high point: NO COVER.Like the ideal of MJQ, this place thrives on people dancing and not people-watching.  I really liked that, so I got my swerve on (note: i'm not that cool in real life).  The music was pretty good in terms of selection, but the DJ could use some more skills in mixing.  His transitions were very very poor and really killed the mood sometimes.  However, the song selections were diverse and good so I'll give him a pass for now.Other notes... beer prices were ok... I think I had a Blue Moon for 4.50, so not exorbitant but not super cheap.  Most people were drinking PBRs (of course), I imagine that was cheap.  Also, finding parking is probably tough if you don't come "early" like I did.  Definitely a lot of homeless trying to get at your spare change too, but nothing too dangerous as there's a decent security presence.  Just be mindful.One more thing.  This place is definitely an indie-ish meat market.  I don't mean that in terms of people making out in public and being debaucherous, but I definitely got the vibe that people were there to try to hook up.MJQ has unfortunately jumped the shark with increasing covers to get in and worse music being played as time goes on.  This place (for now) is keeping the best parts of that ideal and removing the nasty excess.  I hope this review doesn't contribute to Noni's being overrun... it's a secretly awesome place that's about to explode, I feel.  I'm definitely coming back.I immediately regret writing this review...
<review# 1265,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/21/2010,4/30/2011,94,68,3,6,5>I first came here for a late dinner get together with friends.  I wasn't really in the mood for Italian at the time, but I spotted eggplant on the menu, and I couldn't resist.   I'm always a sucker for eggplant parmesan, and their's is far from disappointing.  Wash it down with lots of wine and a very trendy late-night atmosphere, and you've got yourself a recipe for some good times! Since then, we've found ourselves frequenting Zucca because it tastes good and it's easy for us to agree on.  On the days that we're extra lazy and miss church (oops!), we like to come here for brunch.  The main attraction is none other than the $5 create- your- own Bloody Mary!  You can choose from 16 different garnishes...any or all!  So we've been known to try to get the most bang for our buck and get every single garnish!  It was hard for them to fit all of them in the glass, but somehow it worked...and it was delicious!  Liquid salad!There are other great menu options to chose from.  The pizza isn't Varassano's, but it's pretty good.  Every pasta dish I've tried is solid; way better than Olive Garden.  It's also hard to go wrong with the calamari.My only beef with this place is that salads don't come standard with the entrees, so the bill seems to get a little out of control if you're not careful.  But I guess when you're having a good time while ordering food and drinks to your heart's content, that's nothing to really complain about.Go. Try it out.  Just don't be surprised if you find Zucca becoming one of your favorite haunts, too!
<review# 1266,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2011,4/29/2011,47,124,4,7,5>It was LOVE at first TASTE!  Local Three is your neighborhood southern speakeasy - located in a huge office complex off of Northside Drive, the entrance to Local Three is a non-descript door at the end of a hallway... You instantly feel like family from the attitude of the server to the comfort food menu.  The drink & wine menu is extensive and somewhat overwhelming ~ luckily Matt, the wine sommelier, was there to help!  He gave me a little lesson on French wines and then suggested a terrific crisp/fruity white wine.  Next task I had to choose what to eat ~ considering the entire menu sounds delicious, this was a hard task to complete!  For starters we shared the homemade pimento cheese served with pita and the house pickles, as well as the mushroom and polenta appetizer.... Ryan (one the owners) brought out the food and his description of the mushrooms was RIDICULOUS ~ and he was right!For dinner I had the Chicken Pot Pie ~ served in a personal sized cast iron crock pot and a huge buttered biscuit on top- YUMMY!  The Chef did a terrific job of not over cooking the veggies in the pot pie; everything still had a little crunch to it!  This is definitely a go-to comfort food dinner :-)At this point I was fat & happy but somehow managed to fit in dessert! We had the Cap N Crunch ice cream and chocolate cake ~ AMAZING!  The chocolate cake was super dense and gooey, the ice cream was out of this world, and the peanut butter was so fresh ~ the combination of everything together was perfect!Local Three opened in December 2010 and I have a feeling they will be open for a long time!  I really appreciate an Owner who is out on the floor, talking with customers, and serving food - you can tell he's proud of his concept!
<review# 1267,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2010,4/27/2011,149,218,,8,6>Man, these guys rock. I first learned about them when I worked at Ria's Bluebird in Grant Park. They are based in Olympia, Washington, but they have a roastery right here in Atlanta. You can't get fresher than that! Imagine a warehouse full of prime green coffee beans getting roasted to perfection right here in the Atl. I've been using them for espresso beans where I work and my coworkers couldn't be happier. Would definitely recommend the Omar's or Bohemian Blend for whole bean selections. They also have a cool little coffee shop named Dancing Goats in Decatur. My customer service has been awesome and my rep Sally Califf is really great. She helps inform me about my coffee choices and has great customer service. The guys over at B&B really go the extra mile to ensure that you stay informed about what great coffee is all about, flavor and fair trade.
<review# 1268,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2011,4/26/2011,777,438,2,6,4>My friend and I decided to visit Cakes & Ale for dessert because of the intriguing name. The hostess explained to us the name derived from Shakespeare's Twelfth Night and it referred to the good things in life. I ordered the figgy toffee pudding, whipped crème fraîche and I think I may have gotten a taste of (something close to) heaven. It took them a while to prepare the dessert. It's somewhat petite for eight buckaroos, but it's an eight dollars well spent. I like subtle gritty texture of the figs blended in the soft, chewy cake. It's a unique taste and texture for sure. I really wanted to order another one, but my friend stopped me. Dang it, I should have chewed slower!  I enjoyed the restaurant's ambiance. It's an inviting place. I like the use of fresh flowers in the ladies' room. The servers were warm and friendly.   I'd like to come back and try other menu items. Yelp 365 #25/365
<review# 1269,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/8/2010,4/25/2011,244,602,56,10,15>Despite having been to seemingly every bar, saloon, gin joint and crap hole in Atlanta; despite my love of Elvis (both Presley and Costello), Sinatra and Englebert Humperdink; despite my heretofore unseen (by Yelpers at least) ability to easily switch from swing to rumba to cha-cha (thanks to a previously unmentioned series of teen dance lessons required of, uh, cotillion escorts), last Saturday represented my first trip to Johnny's Hideaway. I'd always meant to go. I don't listen to any music made later than 1991. I'm surly and often complain about things my body does to me as I age. I talk about bowel movements to anyone who'll listen and would tell kids to get off my lawn if I had one. You'd think that Johnny's and I would be perfect together.Not quite.While I appreciated the kitsch factor and the music, there were other parts that made my brain weep. First, it's crowded. CROWDED. People are elbowing and jostling for space which is made worse when you're elbowing a 67 year old woman reeking of Virginia Slims and Elizabeth Taylor's White Diamonds. The dance floor on a Saturday night is bizarro mosh pit where up is down, left is right, Doc Martens are sensible orthopedic shoes and Wilford Brimley will kick you in the nuts and grab your wife's ass quicker than you can say "Dia-BEETUS."Rather than go on, here's a series of Facebook posts I made that night:"Hanging out w/ a bunch of hipsters. By that I mean all the artficial hips at Johnny's Hideaway." 10:47pm"This shit is like old people prom. Playing 'Sexy Back'? Based on the looks of this crowd, it's back from the grave." 11:33pm"Now they're playing 'Pretty Young Thing.' I'm no English major but I'm pretty sure this counts as irony." 11:36pm "By the way, 'Sexual Healing'=old people making out on the dance floor. I won't be able to sleep for a week." 11:40pm"Now I know what would happen if Bukowski scripted an episode of Glee. 11:53pm "Old men really do get grabby here. Had to ask Wife to show me on the doll where some dude touched her." 12:10am"Think I saw some dudes doing drugs in the bathroom. Of course it was Lipitor." 12:50am"Anyway this night answered the question 'What DO you wear to Johnny's Hideaway?'Depends." 12:51am "Home now. Time to wash off the stench of Ben Gay, Pall Malls and shame." 1:00amI kid. I kid because I love. It's not really ALL bad. The servers managed through the chaos like the professionals they are. The music is kind of fun. I just didn't expect all these aging Baby Boomers to recreate the Stones concert at Altamont. Holy crap, with these people in charge for the past 30 years, no wonder our country is in a ditch.  Sanctuary's calling out for some of these folks.If the patrons at Johnny's were a little less obnoxious, I'd give a solid four stars, but that night deserved no more than three. Til then, remember, you not-so-Baby Boomers--don't trust anyone under 30!
<review# 1270,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2011,4/24/2011,155,332,23,12,5>I'm writing a 3rd review for this place because I've finally tried the banh mi sandwiches at Lee's Bakery and various other establishments. It's like dumping your boyfriend cuz he's your first (and you're bored) only to realize all the other ones will never measure up so you feel compelled to write an updated review and ask for forgiveness.I'm sorry I cheated on you, Quoc Huong! I promise to never look at another man's banh mi for as long as I live in Atlanta.
<review# 1271,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2011,4/23/2011,220,93,7,9,10>Just a few days ago I witnessed two fabulously-clad pretty boys singing--harmony and all, y'all--the '70s ballad, "Close to You" by the Carpenters.  They were serenading this adorable dancing toddler and his mother in the gazebo.  Classic.  That's Piedmont Park.I've been visiting Piedmont for a long time now.  See, I was once one of those despised teenaged bridge-and-tunnelers you hear about.  That was us, swooping into town in large numbers, taking up parking spaces with our audacious Cobb Co. license plates.  Now that I'm on the other side, the side of the intowner who shakes her fist at the whippersnappers, I love it no less.This is where I come to play and forget about the rest of the city for a while.  Its size and varied landscape make that surprisingly easy to do.  However, should you want to remember the rest of the city, check out the lovely midtown skyline from the Lake Clara Meer dock.After a day of frisbee tossing, cloud gazing, picnicking, and people watching at this park, you can cross "living the life" off your bucket list.  Wait, maybe that's an overstatement.  Go ahead and add "experience the robot bathroom" to your day and I think you'll be set.
<review# 1272,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/28/2011,4/22/2011,458,1067,11,10,11>I finally made it over here one Sunday afternoon. I walked and felt sure I had avoided the paparazzi by dressing down in my Yelp hoodie and sunglasses. Of course, I was recognized by Ivan S. and his wife as they drove by on Monroe Drive. Seeing him hang out the window screaming "LOCAL CELEBRITY!" was probably the highlight of my day.Yay for me. Sad for Woody's. I was certainly hoping that this famous cheesesteak would be the most amazing thing I'd ever eaten. Perhaps the name is too much to live up to (especially since the building itself is so humbling).The menu is short. You can get the cheesesteak or like 4 other things. I ordered what the sign told me along with a soft drink and I think it came to almost $10.It was hot. It was freshly made. It wasn't the best I've ever had, but I'd probably walk back... extra cheese next time.
<review# 1273,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/1/2011,4/21/2011,1772,1772,30,85,33>Ah, Jeju Sauna - I am a fan!  I went for the first time a couple weeks ago to see what it was all about and had quite an interesting experience.  I ended up staying a little over four hours.  This place is very relaxing.  I've been to a handful of spas and saunas, at nice resorts and cruise ships, but have never actually been to one in Atlanta.  I'm no expert on saunas, but I'd say Jeju is a traditional Asian sauna in that, along with traditional stand-up showers, they also have a row of stools where you can bathe, shave, brush your teeth, etc.  The price is also very good: $25 for 24 hours.Once you walk in and pay, you are given a uniform (brown for men, pink for ladies), a toothbrush, a disposable razor, and a key bracelet.  The key is for your locker.  If you lose it, it's $50.  The lockers are about 3 feet high each.  The locker rooms have basic amenities such as toothpaste, mouthwash, lotion, shaving cream, soap, shampoo, hair dryer, etc.  There is even a community nail clipper where all the finger and toe nail clippings fall into a small wooden drawer (yeah, I stayed away from that).After changing in the locker room, you have the choice of going to the same sex bathing and sauna area or the common (coed) area.  A lot of people like to talk about the same sex areas of Jeju because everyone walks around naked.  Well that's how they do it in Europe and Asia.  I've been to a few hot springs in Japan which followed the same idea.  You theoretically could go into the bathing area with swim trunks on, but you'd be the only one and everyone would probably look at you weird.I thought it was a little funny to see how certain people acted in the locker room and bathing area.  You could definitely tell apart the regulars and those who are used to this type of sauna (foreigners) and the newcomers or visitors (Americans), some of whom would completely stay away from the bathing area.  To me, the bathing/sauna area was the best part as that is where the hottest saunas are (dry and wet).  Also, this area has the heated mineral pools, hot tubs, and cold pool.My favorite room is the wet sauna room.  It gets insanely hot in there and there is so much steam that you can barely see the guy sitting next to you (sometimes, you don't want to).  If you ever make your way to the back of the wet sauna, you will find a sink with running cold water that you can use to splash on your face and body.  It feels very good.Both the wet and dry saunas also have a bucket with herbs in them.  I'm not exactly sure what they are used for, but some Russian men were dunking branches of herbs into cold buckets of water and then slapping each other's bodies with the leaves.  I once walked into the wet sauna and it was nothing but me and a bunch of Russian guys.  I felt like I had walked into a scene from the movie Eastern Promises (imdb.com/title/tt0765443).The dry sauna has two huge UGA mats on the floor.  It's fun to cycle through the saunas and hot tubs and then go into the cold dunk.  There is also an area you can sit/lay in where you are underneath red heating lamps.  It warms you up and makes you feel like an encaged amphibian or a piece of meat being kept warm on the buffet line.The uniforms are required for the common area.  This is a cool area where everyone is just lounging around in their uniforms eating, sleeping, reading, watching TV, surfing the web (free Wi-Fi), or just hanging out.  There is a restaurant inside that serves Korean food, drinks, smoothies, and other snacks like fresh fruit and sweet desserts.  You sit on the floor and eat at the tables.The common area, as mentioned previously, is coed.  There is a lap pool (swimsuit required) and I think six rooms to choose from.  All of them are saunas, but one.  Each of the rooms are labeled (some in Korean, English, and Russian) and have descriptions about what rejuvenating and healing properties await inside.  Three of the rooms are shaped like igloos.  They are the "salt" room, "gold and silver" room, and "jewel" room.Each has varying degrees of heat, although I found them to be minimal.  There is also a "jade" room which is heated, but at a very low temperature.  A lot of people like to go into this room to sleep.  I definitely dozed off in there.  There was an old man who ended up snoring very loudly in this room.  So loud, he caused someone to leave.  Finally, there is an "ice" room, which is basically a room with the AC turned way up.  You can go in here to cool off.Pillows and towels are included.  There are many extra services you can buy such as full body scrubs and massages, foot massages, etc.  Washcloths are an extra $3.  They have a full service beauty salon inside, doing everything from nails to microdermabrasion.  They also have a fitness center and "game" room on the second floor, but they are both a joke.In the end, Jeju Sauna has made a fan out of me and I plan to return.  It's fun, relaxing, and affordable.#Yelp365 - 1/365
<review# 1274,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2010,4/20/2011,817,996,6,4,4>This is truly a White House for ALL the people!! Republican, Democrat, Tea Party, teabagger, carpet-bagger. . . you'll find a "home" in this house. This morning, The Boy and I were capital-H Hungry. Maybe even redneck-style HONGRY. We wanted to chow down. We were in Buckhead, we woke up early, it was definitely solidly in the breakfast time-zone, and White House was the call. And a good one it was, indeed. First, the people are so friendly, and they bring random courtesy treats like free melon slices. How nice! (And yummy) Second, great menu, as it covers ALL of the breakfast items you could want (from one egg done your way to French toast to oatmeal and all the good basics), and most of the extras you'd think (yep, they've got feta as a cheese option, and yes, you can get grilled chicken in your omelet). Third, it's just a cool little spot with tons of old pictures and memorabilia of American and presidential history.We pretty much went all out. Cups and cups of coffee, plus diet coke for me (they are good with the refills here!) . . . omelets for both of us: cheddar cheese omelet for him, with a side of sausage, hash browns and a (huge and fluffy, and so yummy!) croissant . . . a cheddar and tomato (they put almost too-much tomato in it!!) omelet for moi, with a side of bacon, buttered white toast and grits. I overshot a bit and didn't get to my grits till they were actually cold, so my only bite told me that while I'd order them again, I need to do better ordering and not be so ambitious even when I think I'm sooo starving! Everything was super good.Such a nice way to start our day, and we left full and happy and feeling totally satisfied with the state of our Union.
<review# 1275,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2011,4/19/2011,172,868,1,7,11>This is my second year volunteering for Everybody Wins, and I know it won't be my last.  I participate in their "Power Lunch" program, which pairs students who are at-risk for academic failure with volunteers from businesses and organizations to read together one-on-on each week during the school year.This is the perfect regular volunteer program for me, because one of the schools they operate this program out of (Cook Elementary) is just a mile from my office in downtown Atlanta.  You read to your student during their lunch, so even though it's during the work day, I can easily make it there and back during my own one hour lunch break.  Even better, if you can't make a weekly 30 minute commitment, you can rotate with another coworker, who can also cover for you if something comes up and you can't make your commitment.I have found the relationship with both of the mentees I've had to be very rewarding, and Everybody Wins runs a very good program that provides great support to the volunteers.  I highly encourage you to check their website to see if they run a Power Lunch program near your workplace.
<review# 1276,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2011,4/18/2011,92,124,12,10,5>I have been coming to this location for years and this is still hands down where I shop for most of my clothes these days.  This consignment store is almost like a boutique in that it carries alot of name brands for literally fractions of what the original buyer pays for it.  I love the fact that for every $10 you spend you get a stamp on your platos card and when you fill it up you get 20 percent off your next purchase.People kill me complaining about how they only got a few dollars for the articles of clothing that they are trying to sell to this place because most second hand stores dont even pay you at all for things you are tying to get rid of, usually it's considered a donation.  If you want to try to recover most of the money you spent in an overpriced retail store, then Ebay is a better place to go.  Platos can afford to sell gently used articles of clothing such as BCBG, or Ann Taylor for $10 because they are only paying a few dollars per piece. I think it is a ridiculously genius concept for cheap-a-zoids like me who detest shopping in retail stores. They have a sign that clearly says that they don't accept plus sized clothing, so don't expect to find any here.  I am about one cheeseburger away from not being able to shop here anymore...Accessories (belts, jewelry, shoes, and purses), books and DVDs sold here also.  There is also a section for men.
<review# 1277,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/11/2010,4/17/2011,103,67,4,5,4>This is one of the places you have to prepare yourself before you go there, because the buffet comes to you.  Sort of like Fogo De Chao, but Korean style.  So I wouldn't go here before at least a day in advance notice.  After you order the All you can eat pork and beef, then just sit back and get ready to eat.  This is the only Korean restaurant I've been with people waiting outside.  They also make bokum bap with your leftovers at the end and they don't get pissed off if you ask them to replace the cooking plate.  Something you should do after about 4 or 5 servings.Not the best place to go regularly if you're health conscious.  I try to watch what I eat, but all that goes out the door as soon as walk in theirs.  So I may go here once or twice a month.  Very efficient and friendly service.  The big screen with the neverending Korean girl bands is entertaining too.  For some reason all the bands look the same to me, but apparently they're not.  They don't hesitate to refill the bonchon here, so that's a plus.  The ice cream machine located on the way out is another reminder you've just eaten too much.  I only notice this on the way out and not on the way in.  Overall, very good place to eat and meet with friends who are hungry.  Not a place to take a date unless you've been with them awhile.  The last sentence is just an opinion of mine.
<review# 1278,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2010,4/14/2011,56,148,5,5,4>Geez.. I can't believe I forgot to review this place after coming here a few times. It's most likely caused by the food induced coma I fall into after making a visit here. The one caveat I have with this place is the neighborhood. It ain't exactly the ghettos, but it's not too far either. The actual seating area is pretty small inside. They do have an outdoor area that is covered so it adds up to 20 or so seats. Every time I've gone the line goes from reasonable to insane in the blink of an eye. Luckily, I've always got to place my order before the insanity ensues. Brisket : The brisket here is money. We always order a lot and the slices are nice and thick. It's slightly smoky with a good smoke ring. Sometimes brisket can be greasy or too dry, but they do it well here. I personally use brisket as a benchmark to judge a BBQ place. That's just me though..... Ribs : They are pretty good IMO even though I'm not a huge fan of ribs in general. Good amount of meat and it's tender to boot. I have had it a bit salty sometimes, but nothing a sweet tea can't fix. Brunswick stew : Ok... I'm new to the south and my bro is the one who got me on the stew train. When I first heard about it sounded like a watery chili. (blech) In reality it's fantastic. It has a great smoky flavor with the meat and I love the acidity that the tomatoes bring to it. I usually check out what's in the food I eat, but usually all I see when I eat it is a spoon and an empty container. I'll do a thorough report next time. Shoulder : This was pretty good as well. I usually just get a pulled pork sammich at other places, but somehow my friends trick me into getting pounds of the shoulder. They do give white bread to go along, but I guess I'm so used to the flavor combination of  sandwich that it doesn't do it for me.... that's just me though....I love the food here. The service can be a bit slow at times so don't plan to rush off anywhere soon. Like I said earlier the neighborhood can be a bit sketchy. There are bums kinda skulking around so i wouldn't be driving the new drop top benz to get some 'cue. The probability of getting shanked increases slightly.
<review# 1279,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2010,4/13/2011,44,132,3,9,7>My second trip to Desta and it definitely moved me to change my rating to 5 stars.  Service was excellent and our dinner was amazing.  I really enjoyed it, but my date was raving about the entire experience.We had the veggie combo and the fish tibs over shiro (ground chickpeas in a special sauce.)  I asked for it family style. The food arrived with the fish tibs in the center of the large plate surrounded by 6 or 7 different veggie concoctions that were very tasty.  It was a fantastic presentation.As other reviews mention they give you a healthy dose of injera bread to help you scoop up the goodies.  Eventually I asked for a fork since I haven't quite pulled myself to do it fully Ethiopian, that is to just scoop it up with my bare fingers (minus the bread.) I asked our waitress, Mesti, to help me out with selecting an Ethiopian beer.  She described one to be very similar to Corona, so I selected that one, but it was much better than Corona!!  On Tuesday and Friday nights they have music on the patio from 8-midnight....I highly suggest checking it out.On a side note....it you have any injera bread left over, take it home with you, pop it in the microwave for a few seconds the next morning and put some real maple syrup on it.....awesome!!  Just sayin'...
<review# 1280,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2010,4/12/2011,257,221,12,35,9>I've been going to Tag regularly for my hair since my first review.  Outside of the hydration, trimming, and straightening, I've had my hair colored twice - first red, then brown to cover the red.  Both color jobs were gorgeous and reasonably priced at approximately $50 (we all know pricing is relative!)Outside of Gilda, I've also had my hair styled by Samirah who does great work and provides entertaining commentary.  Entertaining because she's funny as hell when she's being serious.  Although I haven't tried him yet, I would also trust my hair to Amir.  He always does beautiful work.  (I'm giving everyone these alternates to Gilda because I now have to book my appointments with Gilda several weeks out so that I can get in!)Due to popular demand, I suggest that you make an appointment for your hair rather than walking in, but walk-ins are accepted.  My hair is healthier than ever, and as long as it was in high school. Yeah, a part of my hair growth is genetics and good living, but another part of it is hair care.  Show your hair some love and let Tag take care of it. (I should write commercials, huh???)
<review# 1281,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2010,4/11/2011,469,375,4,11,7>I came here on a Wednesday night, arrived at 6 pm, waited in line for about 3 minutes, and ordered the $6.99 beef burger with the organic whole wheat bun by H&F Bakery, tomato, dill pickles, grilled Vidalia onions, sunflower sprouts, Yeah sauce, roasted garlic aioli, and bacon jam.  I'm a fan.  This would have been a 5 star burger if the beef patty was medium rare and more juicy.  But as it is, the beef patties at Yeah Burger are dry and well-done.  However, this minor weakness in the meat is more than offset by the large variety of complimentary toppings and condiments.  I highly recommend getting the bacon jam, roasted garlic aioli, and the sunflower sprouts on the same burger.  There are bits of bacon in the bacon jam, and you don't have to pay extra to get it in your burger.If you only like to eat burgers with just the meat and the bread without any other toppings or condiments, then you will be more likely than not disappointed by Yeah Burger, because the meat is dry and well done.The bison burger is my favorite, and not nearly as dry as the beef burger.The veggie burger's patty reminds me of well-seasoned cornbread.  It's delicious, but soft and . . . interesting.  I doubt I would order the veggie burger again at Yeah Burger.The interior of the dining room is industrial chic.  The outdoor pavilion is modern, yuppie, and clean with an atmosphere that strangely reminds me of Buckhead.  I prefer eating in the outdoor pavilion, which seemed to be a breezy wind tunnel today.
<review# 1282,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2011,4/10/2011,214,189,4,12,13>A couple of weekends ago, Ecco held the first of a regular event called Sunday School. The bartender held court over all the thirsty patrons in the bar area, detailing histories and profiles of the quintessential American whiskey, Bourbon. Everyone at the bar had the opportunity to sample a Mint Julep and a Manhattan, gratis.Couple this with celebrated goat cheese balls and a plate of various meats and cheeses, and I can think of few better ways to spend an evening winding down the weekend.
<review# 1283,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2011,4/8/2011,149,144,11,14,2>This was my very first time getting a brazilian.  Let me tell you, it made my toes curl and not in a good way.  My bottom stung for an hour after the "procedure."  Let's just say that it was the worst spanking I've ever had.  However, I don't think it would've been different anywhere else.  The nice thing about Lady Bee was that the brazilian was cheap and quick, and everyone was very nice.  My waxer, Simone, was professional, friendly, and made me feel relatively comfortable.  My only request was a little bit of warning before yanking off the wax.  Otherwise, she was very nice.  The brazilian is normally $30, CHEAP!  However, you get $5 off your first two visits, therefore, I paid $25 for a full brazilian today.  You can't beat that price, trust me, I've done the research.  They wax pretty much any part of your body that grows hair.  They also offer other services such as massages for cheap.  Check it out!
<review# 1284,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2010,4/7/2011,338,442,8,6,5>Two words.  Brussel sprouts.  I'm serious.  Brussel sprouts. Order them.  Do it.  You won't regret it.  :-)  A few days later one of our friends tried to make a bit of her own because we craved it so badly. The confit duck nuggets were pretty good- crispy, and melt-in-your-mouth goodness on the inside.  I ordered the steak tartar burger- hanger steak, garlic, chili, capers, worcestershire, pickled onion, frisée, smoked mayo, soft poached egg yolk. It was pretty good- I just wish it were bigger.   I got a bite of the pork belly burger, the osso bucco, and the cuban burger as well.  Each of them were distinct in flavor, and had me wanting more.  But dangit, those burgers are so small!  The place was packed out- make sure you get here early, otherwise prepare to be waiting in line.  I was definitely impressed with the different flavor concoctions offered in the food here.  While it's pricey for a burger, I realize that this place is trying to create a niche of their own- I'd just call it "fine-burger-dining".  And it's pretty darned good.  Looking forward to the next time I get to eat here.
<review# 1285,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2010,4/6/2011,196,217,2,5,4>I have been back quite a few times since my previous review and even had a good first date here recently, but I generally don't update unless I have materially new information to share, so now I finally do! In the "how cool is that" category, you can order from the ENTIRE Valenza menu (dinner and dessert) when dining at Haven- at least at the bar. This is terrific as the vibe at the two places is completely different as sometimes I feel like enjoying the relaxed, quieter vibe at Valenza and other times, the more animated bar crowd at Haven appeals, but I always adore the food from Valenza (half portion of spaghettini with homemade meatballs please!)    As far as what I would be a great improvement at Haven, how about some purse hooks underneath the bar? It is a fairly narrow space, so hanging your handbag on your chair can whittle the available walking space behind other patrons on the bar stools that much more. Finally, the Tuesday night burger and glass of wine special for $15 is the best deal going, especially when the glass of wine can cost that much by itself. Gretchen O. and I were lucky recently to get to enjoy a delicious glass of Iron Horse sparkling wine from Sonoma Valley which is sold for $16 a glass as the accompaniment to our gorgeous Tuesday night burgers. Amazing!
<review# 1286,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2011,4/5/2011,209,595,1,7,9>Hello Mr. Hand Salad.    Half of a French roll, 4 to 5 inches, with peppery arugula, fresh mozzarella, and some kind of garlic spread. Small, but delicious.  You cost $4 and make me drool. No chips for me, but I took you to go.  Not much parking around here, especially in the evening, but hunt for a spot around the corner- it's SO worth it.**I hear they are going to be doing adult version slushies- i.e. frozen jack & Coke. Very, very interesting.
<review# 1287,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/18/2010,4/4/2011,77,125,4,6,6>Three and a half stars for the interior and atmosphere.  Three stars for the food.  The mac and cheese like others have said is very delicious (my inebriated friend kept stealing bites away when I wasn't looking; I had to force her to order her own).  I tried the cheese plate appetizer which was nice, it had brie, goat, blue and a couple of other types served with thin cracker-like crisps. The field green salad is also quite yummy and I would definitely recommend that.  Despite this, I was hugely disappointed in my brisket dinner.  It can only be cooked one way, and by the end of the meal I felt like meat was going to come out of my ears like one of those Play-Doh presses.  The cocktails were inventive but a little too sweet and expensive for me.  Hmm I guess that is what you can expect from a place like this.  This is a rather drab review, huh?  I suppose for a $50 tab, I just wanted more bang for my buck...
<review# 1288,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2011,4/3/2011,101,227,2,7,9>Ran into other fellow Yelpers, Mike L. and Lee L. while getting a little mocha  this morning before heading out to run some errands and decided to swing on by this little place that seem lovely from the outside. To my surprise, it looked just as lovely inside. It's a Korean owned bakery -- a long the lines of Maum, White Windmill, and Mozart. The place is small, but spacious, classy, and quaint. (Goodness, I've been going to many places that falls along the lines of those adjectives.) :)The owner was the lady who made my mocha. Gina was her name. She explained that this cafe was opened for a while, but then closed for 2 months of remodeling and just recently reopened. A few other things she made note of her cafe was: there's free Wi-Fi, fresh baked bread and cakes everyday in the back, and they offer some tasty salad and sandwiches for lunch. Yep! She's got me! Not only was her service was lovely, her cafe was lovely as well. I'll be sure to visit again! :)
<review# 1289,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/2/2010,4/2/2011,489,857,13,9,7>My full name is Jang Won Choe. And of course, when I saw this place I had to come here. I like the name better than Jang Su Jang because this place had 66.66% of my name! Woo hoo!I didn't know what to expect when I came in. From reading the reviews, I thought it would be like GoYang House. Instead, it looked like a regular Korean restaurant with a large selection of traditional Korean foods. The prices ranged from $5 to about $20. I ordered the haejang gook. It cost only 4.99! It tasted great. And even with that price, the portions felt big. At GoYang house, their haejang gook feels small; you can almost eat two of them. Here, at Jang Won Jung, one fills you up quite nicely. They brought out a nice variety of banchans. They didn't have too many exotic ones, just your basics like your variety of kimchees and other pickled vegetables. I think this place is a high value restaurant. For $5, you can get a decent meal from here. Their menu is huge, and I would love to try their other dishes to give it a fairer judgement. But coming all the way to Gwinnett is tough for me. So for now, I give this place solid 4 stars.
<review# 1290,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2010,4/1/2011,129,504,3,7,5>It was great.It's in the same area as One - just down the street.There were signs heralding Wednesday multi-course French dinners for $25 and Brazilian jazz on Thursday nights - these are encouraging first impressions!We got in and drank in the venue - kind of eclectic, but very conducive to an intimate supper and a tête-à-tête with my Roommate.  The manager was really cool - Tunisian, we were able to connect with the whole French-Lebanese-Mediterranean thang.  He was very responsive to us all night and would periodically jump in to help when our server was overwhelmed.On to the meal!We started with some olives and a nice Rioja while we pondered the dilemma: menu or specials?She ordered the salad with the bibb lettuce while I got the cheese plate - lo and behold, they informed us that the salad plate for this evening had been 86ed as they salad wasn't firm enough - I like that.  Don't give us any flaccid salad, dammit!  So she got the other one (the house salad) sans the crispy onions as those have gluten.  Very nice!My cheese plate was great - I realized that we had ordered with our eyes (again) as with the olives, cheese, and bread (for me), I was full.However......on with the rest of the meal!I got the special (pan fried filet mignon with foie gras on top, mashed potatoes, and greens) and it was perfect.She got the risotto special and we were conflicted with whose plate was best - hers had some tuna that had been flown in from Hawaii that day.  It tasted that fresh, too.For dessert, a chocolate crème brûlée for moi and a flourless chocolate thing for her.Whew.
<review# 1291,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2010,3/31/2011,349,547,12,7,7>Fuck it. Five goddamn stars. Moe's and Joe's is my jam. I'm here most every Tuesday. I wouldn't share this info in a public forum, but I don't think I have any stalkers here on Yelp. And anyway, if you buy me a pitcher, I'll love you, though at 3.25 (on Tuesdays), even on a grad student's budget, Moe's and Joe's does me so right. Flip cup in the back, sometimes. I don't always know why so many brotastic dudes keep coming here because there's a VERY favorable ratio for ladies and dudes that like boys. Hell yeah.I will always love Moe's and Joe's and even when I'm a sketchy old lady I'll probably still be here on Tuesdays, throwing back PBR. Cougar in training y'all. (Currently a cougarette. No joke.)While Moe's and Joe's is most popular on Tuesdays, I actually like starting out (post pre-gaming because that's how I do) weekend nights in the Highlands here, too. Chill (non-Tuesday) weekdays are aight, too,Much love to both Moe and Joe. xo
<review# 1292,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2010,3/30/2011,343,405,,10,6>Urban pL8 is one of my favorite places in Atlanta, especially when they cater their menu to my specific dietary needs.  Being a Crossfitter and following the Paleo Diet, I was very excited to see that most of their items on their menu can be customized to being Paleo!My favorites:  Paleo Burger - Get the Bison...seasoned amazingly well and comes with two tomatoes as the bun, avocados and grilled vidalia onions.Hanger Steak - the scalloped sweet potatoes or maple mashed potatoes are awesomeScallops - Cooked perfect and the nectarines adds so much flavor to it.Paleo Brownie - Flourless brownie topped with coconut whipped cream***They also have a full bar and the mixed drinks are awesome!The last Tuesday of every month, Urban pL8 hosts a prix fixe 4 course Paleo Dinner for only $25.00.  It's an amazing spread of food and its a fun time to see many of Atlanta's CrossFit gyms come together.Thanks Urban pL8 for supporting local farms, organic foods and having a menu that is far advanced than most restaurants and specializing in both the gluten free and paleo diets.  Keep being amazing!
<review# 1293,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2010,3/29/2011,216,468,11,13,9>I'm told that L'Thai is the only Thai restaurant in the US that has a certificate from the King of Thailand. Who knows if this is true, and if it is...what does it really mean? The king thinks they kick ass?Well, forget the king, I can tell you they kick ass! Trust me, the crispy fried basil duck is manna from Thai heaven. It has all the elements for food rapture: crispy pieces of breaded, fried duck breast, delicious sauce with a slightly spicy kick, fresh Thai basil. If I lived next door, I would eat this dish every single day until I was beamed directly to heaven (or until I died of a heart attack).I also tasted the "Gingerine Grouper", a nice-sized piece of fried fish in a ginger-based sauce. Great flavor. And the Seafood Thai sampler was nice as well with mussels, shrimp, scallops, etc. in a tasty (although pretty salty) sauce. Good stuff. Three of us also split a green papaya salad. This is definitely a single serving, being pretty small for three people. We basically each got a bite. It was delicious, though.And now I'll finish this review so I can prepare my "King of Todd-land" certificate for L'Thai...
<review# 1294,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2011,3/28/2011,787,655,4,7,10>Yay, this has been the only pizza ( besides antico) that has not gave me tummy problems...so I'm a fan of that! I came and sampled a few slices like the  Buffalo chicken pizza, and the chicken bacon ranch was pretty tasty as well. I figured I'd branch out from my typical peperoni mushroom and I'm glad I did. The crust is not to thin, not to thick - just right! Baby Tommy's is now my place to go when the craving for pizza hits me.
<review# 1295,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2011,3/27/2011,144,95,8,11,10>This morning I realized that not only had my children never had dim sum, I've never had dim sum in Atlanta.  How did that happen?  So I quickly consulted my fellow yelp reviewers and we set out for China Delight.  I got some skeptical sass when we arrived ("can we get pho here?  why not?) but I forced the issue.  "It's like a buffet but cooler", I explained. "They bring all the food around on carts and you can pick what you like. Isn't that COOL, you guys?".   They weren't convinced.  The first rounds of shrimp dumplings and siu mai (all of which i found tasty)  were picked apart and frowned at. Then we got to the congee, and they budged a little, slurping up the thick chicken and rice soup and asking for more.  Then came the carts of shiny fluffy pork buns and custard buns and spare ribs and bok choy and all of a sudden we had a table full of food.  "The custard buns, amazing!", my daughter said.  "Mom, I think it's now clear that you've taken our taste buds straight to heaven", said my son, pulling a spare rib bone from his mouth.My taste buds didn't quite make it to heaven, but I found everything to be plenty good. I liked the dumplings and the congee best.Within about 20 minutes, we were full.  I didn't try and pace them.  They happily ended their meal with the sweet tofu pudding  between gulps of chrysanthemum tea.  "Ahhh", said my son when asked how it was.  "That's the taste of Zen".   Ummmmm......Wellll.......First Dim Sum: A success.
<review# 1296,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2010,3/26/2011,122,91,6,9,4>Atlanta Soul Food Tour: The Busy Bee is now the regining champion of the tour! Like rubes, we decided to go on a Sunday. AFTER CHURCH. Like Saturdays at a hair salon, only the die hard go someplace on it's money day! But I'm so glad I ventured on to MLK and squoze myself into the Busy Bee. Leave your bougie at the door, because everyone is packed into the place like sardines, waiting for the people seated at the, maybe 12 or so tables to finish and split. On the advice of a couple who drives directly there each Sunday from Alpharetta, I got the reknowned fried chicken special. The seasoning and juicyness was on point! I had the delicious fresh fried corn, which was sweet & creamy and the candied yams, which were delectably sweet. They were oddly orange though, with no dark brown syrup, so I'm not sure how they managed to be candied, but I don't care. The whole shebang comes with sweet tea for $10. I've got to take the outta towners!
<review# 1297,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2010,3/25/2011,113,184,3,7,6>I have never seen a restaurant turn it around like Tin Lizzy's did for us this past weekend.  I said I wouldn't come back after a bad experience last time, but after being contacted by the staff there I reconsidered.  So glad I did.  Came in, spoke with the managers, who again apologized for last time.  Very nice people.  Sat out on the big patio - perfect weather for it!  The bartender, Brent, got us each started with a 32 oz. bucket.  I had the house margarita made with 1800 tequila, and husband had a Long Island Iced Tea.  Both were SO delicious.  I was driving so one of these was plenty, and truthfully I couldn't even finish it myself.  Already looking forward to coming back for more of these when I'm not behind the wheel!  Husband also tried a special concoction that Brent whipped up for him which he called the Honeymooner (husband wanted something coconutty like we had on our honeymoon).  Loved it.  And these things did the job too - he was so red-faced by the time I got him home!!!Food wise, we started with the guacamole and chips, which was on point this time.  You can tell this is fresh made guac.  Very thick and flavorful, bright colored and not runny.  The serving size is so big that we could barely even finish it with two people.  Husband had the Build Your Own quesadilla with grilled shrimp on it.  I am guessing he liked it because he devoured the entire thing in about 2 minutes.  I tried three of the seafood tacos - the Spicy Tilapia, Buffalo Shrimp, and Fried Fish.  The Spicy Tilapia was good, a healthy but tasty taco, and the Buffalo Shrimp one was excellent (so good that husband stole half when I wasn't looking).  However my favorite, by far, was the basic Fried Fish taco.  The fish was perfectly fried and that poblano tartar sauce made it out of this world.  Simple, but really, really delicious.So glad we gave Tin Lizzy's one more shot.  Got to meet some nice folks, enjoy the patio, try some cool drinks, and I found my new favorite place for fish tacos in Atlanta :)
<review# 1298,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2010,3/23/2011,296,419,3,7,4>You scream for ice cream, I scream for YOGURT!!!I'm so psyched and happy that Yoforia opened up in Brookhaven. It is now really close to my work place and I can simply go during lunch time to satisfy my frozen yogurt craving.I love the fact that it's self serve. They have a variety of flavors from original to pineapple, pomegranate, mango, cheescake, cookies n cream and much much more. Get as much as you want and put as many different fruit toppings, cereal, candy or mochi as you want. They charge 39 cents per ounce.Way to go Yoforia....I'm very pleased you are here.
<review# 1299,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2010,3/22/2011,30,60,,26,9>Napoleon's just opened on 8/18/10 but they have managed what few new restaurants to do already. On only their second night open they managed to impress a table of 6 with both their service and their food. The space itself is dark without being dingy, full of comfortable booths (for both 4 and 6) and tables, and with a buzz in the air of a neighborhood who is excited to have them there. The music played isn't too loud to make conversation impossible and they seem to have someone with good taste manning the ipod, we recognized Santogold at one point. One of the owners, Nancy was there to great us at our table and you could tell how excited she was. She was a bit nervous but warm. They had just gotten their liquor license the day before so she was apologetic that their full beer and wine order hadn't arrived yet. As far as what beers were on tap so far, 3 of the expected 16 (all craft beers.) Sweetwater 420, Sweetwater Motorboat ESB and Terrapin Hop Karma so far. The best part of their expected line up, the most expensive draft beer runs about $5. And they have about 20 or so different wines with most running again around $5 per glass for a very generous pour. One of our party also ordered a vodka and cranberry and they were very generous with the vodka as well. Their sweet tea was pretty close to perfection as well. Now for the food. Appetizers ordered: Spinach and Artichoke Dip, Topped with goat cheese, fresh herbs and grilled flat bread 7.99 Tortilla Nachos, Chili sauce, black beans, salsa verde, queso, shredded lettuce, sour cream, Cilantro, jalapenos and fresh salsa 6.99 Vindaloo Chicken Fingers, Spicy red curry sauce with kaffir leaves, cilantro and Thai basil. 7.99 Not a miss in the bunch. The nachos were topped with all incredibly fresh house made ingredients. We held the black beans but still thought they were fantastic. The do offer add-ons of Braised Beef, Fried Tofu, Grilled Chicken, Pulled Pork, Guacamole for 2.99 each as well. The spinach artichoke dip was also homemade and fresh. Large chunks of artichoke, perfectly tender. Only complaint was we could have used a bit more flat bread but they brought us out extra nacho chips when we ran out. The Vindaloo Chicken Tenders impressed even someone who doesn't like Indian food. Perfectly fried, moist and well seasoned. The vindaloo tasted better than some I have had in authentic Indian restaurants. For mains we sampled a large portion of their menu as well across the table. Two of us had a Southern Man hot dog which is topped with their homemade Brunswick Stew. The hot dog had a nice snap to the casing and the stew was well seasoned. The Full On hot dog was topped with chili sauce, salsa verde, cilantro, and salsa. She thought it was flavorful but a bit one note due to all of the toppings being the same texturally. On the taco side of the menu we sampled: BBQ Chuck Short Ribs, With house steak sauce and fried onions Fried Chicken Club, Chipotle mayo, applewood bacon, tomatoes and dressed field greens Fried Fish, Fried tilapia, poblano tartar sauce and fresh tossed coleslaw Vindaloo Tofu, Fried tofu, spicy red curry sauce with Asian slaw cilantro and Thai basil BBQ Pork, With applewood BBQ sauce, crunchy cole slaw and pickled jalapenos I think the only miss of those was the Short Rib one due to them forgetting the fried onions, it lacked the crunch the taco needed. The Fried Chicken Club was just amazing. Comments from the table on the others were all equally impressed. The House Salad and Side Salad were also ordered by members of the table and both raved about them. The freshness of the ingredients, the dressings and size of the salads. Both hits. The Fish & Chips were great except for the tartar sauce. It was a bit too sweet but the fish was fried perfectly. Light batter with no trace of greasiness. We would return without hesitation. If they were this impressive for a new restaurant we can't wait to see what they do when they are firing on all cylinders.
<review# 1300,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2010,3/21/2011,629,185,7,4,3>Nothing like pho at 3am to soak up all the alcohol in your stomach before you want to pass out. Something about MSG, beef broth, and noodles can be so satisfying when you're slightly drunk and a bit tired from a night of bad clubbing.The service was pretty quick, as we were the only table at the restaurant. The Pho here is a bit pricey than other places off Buford, but the quality of the noodles and broth were well worth the extra drive and dollars. The broth was plenty flavorful and the meat/noodle ratio worked in my favor. There was actually a good 20 min during our meal when no one said anything because we just wanted to enjoy what was in front of us. It was that good.Make sure you grab a butterscotch candy after your meal. It's the perfect thing to have in your mouth at the end of the night (har har har).
<review# 1301,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2010,3/20/2011,213,662,7,12,15>My boss often goes to dinner at Lake Claire Co-Housing, and her frequent mentions of this weekly activity aroused my curiosity enough to check it out. I once drove down Dekalb Avenue in search of the Lake Claire Community Land Trust, dead-ending at some soccer fields, wondering how to get to this mystical city haven. I eventually discovered that Arizona Avenue, the street on which the land trust is located, breaks at Dekalb Avenue, and in order to access it, you have to turn onto Arizona off McLendon. I sauntered over there last night, sore from a morning car accident, not feeling like going for a jarring jog. My boyfriend and I first marveled at the community vegetable garden, lush and green in the early summer heat, then turning to scour the large bulletin board across from it. Apparently, a lot of events regarding music and enlightenment go on at the land trust. Continuing down the quaint path, we passed a restroom hut and reached the small amphitheater where bands perform. Traipsing up the hill beside the amphitheater, we came to a tiny playground, where a dog wallowed endlessly in the dirt, seemingly unaware of his audience. I gazed upward at a second hill, where a sort of wooden porch looks over Dekalb Avenue. Two women gabbed over a meal at a picnic table, while two men sat in front of them at the apex of the porch in two large chairs. They looked like land trust kings. Winding through the paths, ducking beneath larger-than-life leaves, we sloped downward into what looked like an area for private residences. "Oh look, an ostrich," my boyfriend pointed. A feathered animal poked around behind a wire fence. After reading the info sheet, we found out his name is Big Lou the Emu. He's been living at the land trust for more than a decade and loves to eat grass, fruits and vegetables. Big Lou is so cute! A water garden caught our attention on the walk back, as well as a hammock set up between the Co-Housing building and the land trust. Lying in the hammock, staring into the treetops, I almost forgot I was in Atlanta.
<review# 1302,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/19/2010,3/19/2011,245,510,14,5,6>Well, I guess everyone comes here for the pupusas. It seems like everyone in Atlanta has mucho experience in pupusas, has eaten pupusas in multiple cities, and occasionally gets a hankering for some pupusas. Hey Waylon, you know what I feel like today? What's that Hank? A pupusa. A pupusa huh... Yeah that's right Waylon. I want a pupusa. Where do you get those pupusas Hank? Well....everyone in the know goes to Rincon Latino for their pupusas. Really Hank? Their pupusas are good? These are some damn good pupusas. I love their pupusas. You've had pupusas before? Damn straight. That's the way I roll. Pupusas all the time bitch. Hmm....ok, let's go get some pupusas. I had the fish. Yep, this is one dude that knows jack about pupusas and decided to go with the fish. That's right...the fish. Rolling. I have no idea what kind of fish this was, and neither did they. It was a mystery fish to all of us. That was the beauty of it. What kind of filet is this? I don't know, it's a fish. OK, that's what I was kinda thinking too. Thanks! All I know is it was loaded with garlic. Garlic that was apparently dyed red, very festive. It came with some rice, salad, a mystery potato salad of some sort, some oranges. It wasn't bad actually....but @$13 for lunch....too much. Nor is it something I'd come back for. Maybe next time I'll get...a pupusa.
<review# 1303,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2011,3/17/2011,193,304,5,9,7>More than any other restaurant in Atlanta, Murphy's has the feel of an archetypal wine country restaurant.  It's not vineyards when you see out the patio, but the center of Virginia Highland ain't too bad.  It's one of those places that's charming inside and out.  The infamous brunch wait is kind of an Atlanta landmark.  I have eaten here a few times throughout the years.  The menu is easy-going, if a bit predictable American bistro fare with above average execution.  Sandwiches and brunch items are very good, but out of the ten or so entree dishes I only ever feel excited to try one or two.  I get shrimp and grits everywhere it's served, and find Murphy's version solid and one of the more Cajun interpretations of the dish.  Guinness braised beef brisket is served on just-right house made bread (they have own bakery, where the pastry chef also makes good desserts) which happily sponges the dense and delicious braise liquid.  Enjoy a varied but manageable selection of wines, many available by the glass, and of course if smitten a wine shop is conveniently located on premise.  Funny thing, we must have gotten the same waiter as Addy C. on our last visit.  This guy was weird.  I was very surprised to see such a strangely mannered waiter at such a straight-laced place.  I thought maybe he was on some kind of drug.  I wasn't too bothered, but imagine this could be unpleasant for some people.  This place is so likable in a conventional sense it's easy to imagine just stopping by on a weeknight, sit at the warmly lit bar, and have a soup and dessert, or something like that.  For some reason I always find myself somewhere else.  It's the "plain vanilla" factor I guess.  Still, an Atlantan should try an Atlanta classic at least once.
<review# 1304,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2010,3/16/2011,1969,871,7,10,9>Best Chinese in ATL so far! Yelp did it again! I looked for a place to have Chinese food tonight and after reading a number of reviews from the ELITES.....! Fortune Cookie it was!Egg drop soup, Pot Stickers excellent! Spring Roll just ok! Fried Rice not so good! Kung Pao Chicken I made some major modifications to the order: sliced white meat chicken, No carrots, celery and zucchini it came out great! 4ppl liked everything! General Tsao's Chicken, Sweet and Sour Chicken and the the Mongolian Beef.The service was excellent and the prices were reasonable!
<review# 1305,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2010,3/15/2011,789,691,4,21,9>Best panini's in Atlanta and just $4.85 - the ciabatta bread is freshly baked and probably my favorite part of the sandwich. Plus this is an Italian market so you know you're getting the real thing. I still can't believe the panini's are just $4.85 - it definitely keeps me coming back. I've tried 7 of their panini's, and during my first visit, the person making the sandwiches told me the Viola was their signature panini, the Caprese was their most popular, and the Porchetta was the staff favorite. Seriously it's the bread that makes it taste so perfect. VIOLA PANINI ($4.85)This is probably my favorite. If I were to imagine myself eating an authentic Italian panini, this is exactly what it would taste like. It has Mortadella ("step above bologna"), Genoa, Speck ("type of proscuitto"), provolone, and a tapenade spread. The sandwich is a little salty with all the meats & tapenade but it's so delicious I don't mind at all ... and this is coming from someone who has an aversion to salty foods! TOSCANO PANINI ($4.85)I asked the sandwich guy for recommendations after telling him everything I had tried - he said I should get the Toscano this time. Great choice! This one has Soppressata ("moderately spicy salami"), Fontina, and arugula. It had a nice kick, esp. when I bit into the peppercorns ... I just wish it had a little more arugula. I love arugula :) I'd definitely get this one again.CAPRESE PANINI ($4.85)Fresh mozzarella, tomato, and pesto. Basil is missing but I guess the pesto takes care of that. Sandwich comes with 2 thick slices of tomato, and 2 very generous slices of bufala mozzerella. Yummmm ... POLLO PANINI ($4.85)Tried a bite of my friend's sandwich and I thought it was good, esp. compared to my boring Porchetta sandwich. It had chicken, sun-dried pesto, and provolone ... the pesto was a big part of making this sandwich flavorful.PORCHETTA PANINI ($4.85)This one disappointed me, esp. since they said it was the staff favorite. It had seasoned pork (tasted more like ham to me) & Fontina cheese. Yep, that's it. I thought this tasted pretty boring. Maybe a sauce or spread would've made it more exciting. Or even a vegetable.DIAVOLO PANINI ($4.85)The word "spicy" in the menu description attracted me but sadly this one had no kick ... except for maybe the last few bites. Not sure how that would happen though. This sandwich has hot capocollo, salami, and asiago. Overall, boring. MELANZANA (Vegetarian) ($4.85)My least favorite. Grilled eggplant, red pepper pesto, arugula, balsamic, and ricotta salata. Too much balsamic = too vinegary for me. Nice thick slice of ricotta ... except not a fan of ricotta. TIRAMISU ($4)We tried their tiramisu and wow - this might be one of the best tiramisu I've had. Shared a nice generous size piece with a friend. Don't miss out if you have room for dessert :)CANNOLI ($1.50 for small)I thought it tasted just ok. Just pay a few more dollars and get the tiramisu. While you wait for them to prepare your sandwich, check out the rest of their market. They sell gelato, fresh ciabatta, meats, cheeses, pastas, sauces, olive oils, wines, fig preserves, Nutella, Italian cookies, basil pesto, etc. They also have homemade pastas in their freezer which I'd like to try someday - like butternut squash ravioli, lobster ravioli, and veal tortellini. Toscano & Sons is located next to 5 Seasons Brewery, and they have dedicated parking spaces just for Toscano customers right in front. Make sure you pick up their "Buy 9, Get 1 Free" loyalty card for their panini sandwiches. The price & taste alone keeps me coming back, so the loyalty card is a nice bonus :)FYI - they're closed on Sundays.
<review# 1306,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2011,3/14/2011,357,369,26,27,26>In Which I Was Converted From My Anti-White Ways.I stopped in this itsy bitsy chocolaterie at the end of my street earlier today and am still wearing the smile they gave me. The fantastically bright green door suggested joyful people and/or the color blind are at the helm of this establishment.+ The name + : Sugar-Coated Radical. Seriously, a chocolatier after my own heart. Revolutionary types don't often come in sweet packaging.  It's an occupational hazard, yo.  + The concept +: delicious, freshly baked socio-political commentary.  The shop is entirely grassroots and independent. Taria and Ashley use only fair trade, awesome chocolate and ingredients from around the world.  Aware of the longstanding connection between candy and cruelty, they use only slavery-free cocoa. + The shop + : it's really small, in a portion of a converted home. It's not a hangout by any means.  It's pretty new and they're obviously still working out ideas and concepts and merchandising.  There's extension cords and children hanging in plain sight, which seems apropos, given the indie, community-supported nature of it.+ The parking + : tricky. It's on a dead end street, near an apartment complex and studios and whatnot. Parking is tight. But if you're just running in -- which is really all you can do -- it shouldn't be a problem.  + The hours + : open Thursday through Sunday, 2 to 7 pm.+ The chocolates + : while there's an emphasis on dark chocolate in their offerings, there are milk and white chocolate gems.  As Taria patiently and enthusiastically described each piece offered today, I plainly expressed my reluctance to get anything involving white chocolate: "oof. It tastes like plastic"   She went on to explain why I thought that and how white chocolate is very often deodorized and vanilla-ized and paraffin-laden and just made so damn . . . white.   She also gave me a sample of her white chocolate so I could taste the lengthy explanation she gave me.And it was in that moment I received  the Holy Chocolate Spirit in me.I went on to select my 8 pieces of chocolate [for a 1/4 lb box retailing at $16] and not one, but two white chocolate-involving truffles made it in to the final line up.  The flavor profiles varied greatly, from the Massaman Curry [made with Colombian chocolate - huepa!] to olive oil and Plymouth salt to pear infused-honey.  I've only had two of my chocolates so I'm not fully able to review everything, but so far, so great.  The hazelnut dusted thing is melt in your mouthy. LOVE.+ The cost + : At essentially $2 a pop, their chocolates don't come cheap. But it shouldn't, if you consider the global and inhumane ramifications of buying cheap stuff. It's important to me that as much as I can avoid it, my purchases not hurt people [except in those instances where I want it to, like my candy apple red nunchucks].  Not to mention, I've paid that much and more for chocolate that didn't even taste good.  + The other stuff + : they also carry other confections. I spied chocolate covered pretzels, rocky mountain thingers, and encrusted lollipops.  On weekends, THEY BAKE UP THE COOKIES.  They mentioned really indecent, sexy varieties.+ The monies + : cold cash as of right now. They *were* set up for credit cards and are in the process of figuring that out again.  Incidentally, I only had a credit card on me.  They were as radical as the name suggests and let me take the chocolates home on good faith.  That's right, I'm eating candy that should be on layaway.Yay!
<review# 1307,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2010,3/13/2011,89,423,4,11,10>Village Theater is cheaper and more fun than going to a movie, so that was our choice for a Saturday evening. Three of us headed down on Saturday night, and even for this ITPer this area is a little sketch. We were sure to put my GPS away *and* smudge off the circle mark from my front window before heading inside.  The place is located in a little strip mall area, so parking is easy and available. Will Call/Tickets were a breeze, and the one person in my group carrying the alcohol (for all of us) had to "get it checked" at the bar and pay the $3 BYOB fee. (P.S. I had the blessings of the owner for doing that, but it seems like that's pretty much what everyone else does). As far as I know they don't sell alcohol so if you want alcohol, you need to bring it. They provide you a bucket, ice, and glasses for wine if you want it.  Once we got comfy we realized that we didn't have a bottle opener for the bottles the bartender didn't open; next time we'll remember to bring one. OR it would be cool if Village Theater provided those bottle opener key chains with their logo for us to keep? Just a suggestion :)They definitely did not invest much in terms of making the place look nice, but it works for what it is. It's basically just one big open space. There are 4 couches right up front and a bunch of chairs, along with a big section for late comers. Our show was about half full and I bet it would have been more fun if more people came (so go!). We were able to sink into a couch and enjoy our beers. The show started about 7 minutes late, not too bad.I really enjoyed the second part of the show, their Improv A**hole, like the drinking game. It was a bunch of quick improv games and after each one, the audience decides who was the A**hole, and that actor has a "rule" they have to follow. They took in lots of audience suggestions and I liked that the audience had to vote. The first part though, Long Form Improv, was not as fun. It still had funny parts but it had some instances where it dragged on or had dead air. I would have prefered more of the quick games and no intermission. At least they end the show on a high note!All of the employees and actors were awesome. Very down-to-earth, friendly, happy to be working there. And they really want their business to work-- this passion shows! Overall it's a solid 4 stars. I would bump up a star if they prettied up the place a bit, had more food offerings, and had bottle openers for all! I will definitely be back and bringing lots of friends or visiting relatives. The BYOB concept is great if you're looking to save some cash. There are also plenty of restaurants in the area you can go to, or do what we did and drive to Virginia Highlands to enjoy the rest of your night.
<review# 1308,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2010,3/12/2011,354,392,8,8,6>As a long time vegan (like, I've been meat free longer than I've had ta-ta's) this place did weird me out- raw food?  Will I be munching cold veggies and seeds or something?  Not at all, in fact, the waitress told us not to order as much as we wanted because it is very filling... I had to fight kicking V under the table and snorting.She wasn't wrong, we were stuffed half way through our tostados and I took home the last piece of the nori roll appetizer because we were about to explode.  It was yummy, but not a place I would rush to again, unless it could be guaranteed some of the other menu options would be available when I got there, they were out of everything that sounded yummy to me.  But I did discover that nut cheese is pretty good... that sounded terrible.
<review# 1309,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2011,3/11/2011,79,320,4,13,7>I went here on their first day for the soft opening, but Howie C beat me to the first review.  And I am glad because I can't compete with his verbosity, humor, or newly invented economics rating scores.After much anticipation, it was great too see that the gaudy, multi-colored neon lights were illuminating people's faces and not just empty booths.  There are over a dozen booths and tables channeling the New Jersey diner with Greek flare now serving Downtown Decatur.  I had the "best gyro."  For some reason, gyro lamb always tastes the same and this was no exception.  It was nicely packed into pita bread with iceberg lettuce and diced tomatoes.  A good portion of my favorite cucumber sauce was on the side.  For my side dish, I tried the Greek potatoes.  They were soft and seasoned well with what tasted like a lemon pepper spice.  Wished they were a little warmer.My wife had the chicken cutlet parmigiana sandwich.  It was a large deep fried piece of chicken with melted cheese and red tomato sauce on top. The bread was nice and crispy.  You had to use a knife though - too unwieldy to eat as a sandwich.  She got a side of french fries.  They were cooked perfectly...nice and crispy just like I like them.  To complement them, the ketchup bottle was squeezable!  No need to bang the Heinz bottle and end up with far more catsup than you wanted.  We both enjoyed our meals. Great sized portions.  You sort of have to go with the understanding that you are at a diner.  Don't expect 5-star quality food  Since there are so many items on the menu, one must realize that some things are going to be store bought and microwaved.  Food was a little salty consistent with the hypertensive American palate.The staff also brought us out a complimentary piece of spanikopita.  Nice and flaky.  Might get the full dish next time.Staff were really friendly. Of course everything is new, so I am sure they will be even better next time.Didn't try dessert, but the cake case looked amazing.Check out my photos for pics of the menu.Looking forward to some 3am breakfast visits in the near future.  Maybe I'll bump into Howie C and his gang!
<review# 1310,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2011,3/10/2011,145,240,2,6,3>I came to Moog based solely on the positive Yelp reviews. I can't honestly remember the last time I got something framed, and I think back then I went to Michael's. That being said, I had sticker shock when they quoted me a price for my job. Frankly, I still think they are probably priced higher than the competition, but the quality of work and people doing it are unbeatable.I felt comfortable the minute I was greeted (something that seldom happens) and the couple that runs Moog took great care of me. These are good people with the perfect mix of friendliness and accommodation. My surprise at the initial cost was so apparent that they even offered a slight discount.The couple told me it would take a week and a half to do the job, but they called me a week later to tell me it was ready. They did a magnificent job and I think that the framing was worth the (assumed)  premium. 5 stars to a wonderfully run independent business with the most friendly of owners/employees!PS It's pronounced Mogue.
<review# 1311,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2010,3/9/2011,91,277,17,4,7>Everything about this place is so wrong that it's actually right.  I somehow convinced my friends to go here after dinner at La Fonda.  I mean, it didn't seem right to be a few blocks away and NOT go here.  We walked up to the 'still closed, but up for sale' hotel and lined up to get a picture.  Before we knew it, a homeless man jumped into our picture while he was chewing a sandwich.  And that's how it all began... As we walked down the stairs, I felt like I was entering the twilight zone.  Cover was $3 (it was still early) and as we entered, I was overwhelmed by the smoke.  "Ladies" sauntered around the bar- all shapes, sizes and ages.  When I was in the bathroom, a 64 year old dancer had a suitcase full of costumes out before deciding on the "vineyard vixen" costume.  She is, after all, trying to retire in a couple of years.  (That's what she said.)  After Blondie crushed a beer can, a guy asked me to crush a beer can.  I said, "Do I look like I want to crush a beer can?!" Blondie responded, "It only hurts a little!"  But, I knew it was my time to go when the guy's friend yelled, "He said that you're the woman of his dreams!"  Like many others before me, my life is now complete.
<review# 1312,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2011,3/8/2011,59,265,6,16,11>Cheap and delicious. Filthy and crowded. If you're looking for some authentic South Asian eats, here, you're getting the real deal.Gokul Sweets isn't a particularly fancy place. The fluorescent lighting is overly bright, and the decor is absolutely garish. Food is served up on Styrofoam, and a sign for drinking water points toward a water fountain next to a stack of Styofoam cups. The booths and tables are a little gross. (If this place were more popular on Yelp, I'm sure someone would've bitched about the 81/B health inspection rating by now.) And a counter near the entrance sells paan (a betel nut preparation that, when chewed, offers a mild high while staining your teeth blood red) and South Asian DVDs, which makes things even more chaotic to the senses.And, damn, is this place crowded.But it's crowded for good reason -- the food is solid. It's not amazing, no, but it's cheap, authentic, and filling. I'm a chaat kind of guy, so that's what I usually go for. I've had the bhel puri and samosa chaat here so far, and they're definitely some pretty good preparations of the stuff.When you walk in past the paan and DVD stand, you'll see a huge display of South Asian sweets to your right. I haven't tried any myself, but this is one of the wider selections of South Asian desserts you'll find in the metro Atlanta area. Keep walking toward the counter in the back, staffed with some pretty friendly folks, for the real food.There, you'll find quite a selection of vegetarian dishes. There's a good-sized chaat menu, offered along with many of your usual vegetarian entrees (aloo mutter, chana masala, bhindi masala, beingan masala, etc., all about $6 to $7 each). Thalis are available every weekday for $7.99, with a special thali available on the weekends for $2 more. And there's a good South Indian spread -- dosas, uttapam, idli, and sambar -- too.Then, there's the Indo-Chinese menu, offering the usual soups, fried rice, and fried noodle dishes (e.g., Hakka noodles). Add to that a few classic Indo-Chinese dishes, about $6 to $7 each, including veg manchurian and paneer 65. And don't forget your drink! There's faloodas, lassis, and chai -- admittedly, all a bit on the expensive side -- along with some imported Indian sodas. (Thums Up, anyone? That's not a typo.)Place your order at the counter, pay (I did see someone use a credit card, though I paid with cash, myself), and pick out a clean -- no, make that "cleaner," in a relative sense -- booth to wait for your name to be called. Good stuff.There are also happy hour specials that run from 2 to 5 p.m., Tuesday through Friday. Tuesdays offer up $4.99 subzi (vegetable) dishes, such as kadai paneer and paneer tikka masala. Wednesdays are set aside for $4.99 Indo-Chinese dishes, including fried rice. Up on Thursday afternoons are $4.99 dosas, including spring dosas, pav bhaji dosas, and masala dosas. And Fridays offer up $3.99 chaats; try the samosa chaat.Parking outside's a bit tight and awkward, but it shouldn't be any problem finding a spot. The food here's probably not worth a trip across town, but it's a solid option if you're in the area. I whole-heartedly recommend this little slice of South Asia.
<review# 1313,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2011,3/7/2011,474,1389,7,7,8>You know how Pepsi always won the blind taste test versus Coke?  It was because that one single sip was sweeter and better.  But when the consumer drank the whole cola, Coke was the winner.In this case, Community Q is the Coke.  I was meeting Rachel E for lunch, and for once, managed to get there a little early.  So I went ahead and ordered my plate of pulled pork, baked beans, and collards and got us seats.  My food came very fast (just as soon as I could get myself and the car seat settled into one of the tables against the banquette in the middle).  So it was just staring at me while I waited for Rachel.  I'm polite, but not that polite, so I took a little bite of everything - pork, collards, beans, and both sauces.In that one bite, the pork was dry, the collards mushy and vinegary, the beans too sweet, the thick sauce too sweet, and the vinegary sauce too strong.  But once Rachel arrived, and I started eating the full meal, everything improved.  The pork was good with the thicker sauce - smoky and sweet, with a hint of heat in the aftertaste.  The beans were good and peppery with nice chunks of meat.  The collards were still on the vinegary and mushy side, but I managed to eat them all anyway.  I would say this is a 3.5 star food experience for me.  I'll round up because the guys at the counter were very nice, and my clothes smell like smoked meat.  Unlike greasy Mexican or greasy Chinese food that leaves your clothes with that smell that makes you a little sick, I LOVE when my clothes have that smoky wood-burned scent.  #Yelp365 - 26/265
<review# 1314,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2010,3/6/2011,31,68,,14,5>I recently read a Creative Loafing review of Sufi's. Two key words in the review caught my attention "Persian" and "hummus". I sent my significant other a quick gtalk message, insisting we try Sufi's as soon a possible.We arrived at the old Shipfeifer's location to find it completely remodeled. I could see that word about a new restaurant spread fast, as there appeared to be no empty tables. We dropped off the car at the complimentary valet, were greeted at the front door by a suited doorman, and entered an elegant Persian restaurant. The hostess informed us all the regular tables were booked for the night, however, she offered to seat us at the bar.Shortly after being seated, a very professional and warningly friendly waitress appeared with menus, place settings and water. We scanned the menu and picked out a few items. First and foremost, hummus ($6). Second, we agreed to share a dish of Zereshk Polo with Chicken ($14) and a plate of Fesenjoon ($16), which our waitress recommended. Within minutes, a large dish of hummus arrived, flanked by a basket of pita bread. Just behind the bread was a plate of various items: a cold slice of butter, radish halves, walnuts, olives, feta cheese, sliced fresh cucumbers, fresh mint and another herb (I could not place it, and failed to inquire). Our waitress explained the plate of various complements, stating it is the Persian way to take a piece of pita and stuff it with the various items. This made for a light and refreshing treat. The hummus was fantastic- a very generous bowl fulled with hummus, topped with olive oil, a black olive, and a dusting of some sort of spice. The flavor of the hummus was complex. Tahini and garlic mixed to a smooth consistency with garbanzo beans. But there was something else- smoky and mysterious which added the final twist of ecstasy to this dish. Michael, my significant other and personal hummus connoisseur, gave it a solid nod of approval.Just as we finished off the veggies and hummus, our dinners arrived, along with a change of silverware and plates. Michael's Zereshk Polo was the star dish, served with leafy garnish, roasted tomato. and saffron basmanti rice with berberis. The chicken was deliciously seasoned and grilled to perfection- just this side of "done", but not a second more. The cubes of chicken were soft, juicy, and exuded a complex flavor which caused me to put down my fork and pause; trying to comprehend the flavors flowing over my palette. The rice with berberis was delightful, both sweet and sour causing a dazzling confusions of my senses.My dish, Fesenjoon, was deeply complex with Michael stating "I didn't know such flavors exist until I tried this food". The slow cooked chicken stew was richly sweetened with pomegranate juice and fortified with grated walnuts. Served with a plate of basmanti rice, this was more food than either of us could manage to eat. The stewed chicken was fork tender, intensely flavored, and fantastically delicious.Near the end of the meal, our waitress offered us each a glass of Persian tea. We were presented with two decorated glass cups, full of aromatic tea, and sugar cubes. The warming sensation and fragrant flavors provided a perfect ending to the delicious meal. We both sat quietly enjoying the last of the food and tea.Not able to finish the plethora of food, our waitress packed the remains into individual take home containers. Final bill (with tax and tip) $50. The total was about double our typical dinners out, but every now and then, a restaurant serves such supremely superb food, elegant dining room, and gracious staff, the cost is more than justified.I would highly recommend (as I will do next time) making a reservation. The bar seating was nice, but I would have much rather sat at a proper table. I'm sure once the liquor license is in order, the bar will be packed. Also, leave a little room for dessert: baklava, pomegranate topped cheese cake, Jewish apple cake, and creme fraiche stuffed puff... just to name a few.Only two weeks into life, Sufi's is already a shining star on Peachtree Street, adding to the compliment of R. Thomas. I'm already counting down the days until I can return for another meal as this new gem.
<review# 1315,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/4/2011,3/4/2011,200,172,2,7,3>I can't give you guys five stars sorry.  In college I've had real authentic Thai from a friend's Mom (hi Steph)!!  Most places in Atlanta pale in comparison and the only place I like here is Siam Square way up in Marietta  (L.A. has so many good choices in Little Bangkok too).  Ordered take-out from here and got Tom Ka, Red Curry with chicken (Thai Hot), and white rice.  The soup portion was a bit on the small side but tasty, the red curry was good and the quality of vegetable top notch.  My sadness was in the fact that it was medium on the real spice scale.  Real Thai hot will make you wish you hadn't ordered it two days after the fact if you know what I mean.I can't comment on the table service but I could tell by the interior that it was lovely for a date spot.  I will update this review when we actually get dinner in house. So for now solid three stars.#Yelp365 - 35/365
<review# 1316,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2011,3/3/2011,151,479,5,8,8>I tried this location when it was Octane, but the feeling was off. The coffee was, of course, quite good. Now that this location has its own feel, I could see myself visiting often if I were related to Emory.  It's comfortable. That was missing (to me) in the previous incarnation. I can't entirely say why. The tables and seating seem more friendly now. And I like Octane (on Westside). Steady Hand has its own feel even being this young.The coffee isn't worth mentioning. It's perfectly executed. At this level, there's not much else to say. I now am wondering why Sweet Maria's doesn't carry more Bolivian beans. I'm more of the chew-on-my-coffee type, but their drip coffee method is correct. The water's not too hot, and they don't rush . Each cup is brewed via a bitty Chemex. It's not the bar o' plastic filter holders. It may *become* that if they take off simply because of volume, but still the beans are well-sourced, well-roasted, and well-prepared.Why not five stars? *shrug* I'm a press-pot guy. I really do like chewing on the dregs. And I expect Steady Hand to grow upward, so I want to give them the room.Also (and I'm hiding this at the end): Sugar Coated Radical used their espresso mix in a yummy. I didn't try it (long story), but I suspect it follows her excellent style of emphasizing the chocolate with related flavors.
<review# 1317,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2010,3/2/2011,81,286,7,6,6>sorry David K. but i am quickly becoming a celeb here. *gasp*i freaking LOVE this place. I meet so many ppl, that i will never see again, unless its back within these walls. I leave my inhibitions, self-consciousness and sometimes my rhythm, at the door. strong drinks. free cover. hot gays guys. i love the drag show...it's so ghetto, but i absolutely love the women. I have 2 favorites. last week one of my favs but her boob in my friend's mouth. hilarious!!i love the many personalities of everyone here. FABULOUS!!! is all i can say. i wish it wasn't so damned crowded. but as the drinks start hitting you, everyone next to you instantly becomes long-lost friends. you (dirty) dance with everyone, you talk to everyone, you hug everyone, you kiss everyone.  i love this place. what i don't love is smelling like smoke when i leave. i instantly have to take my clothes off when i get home and put them in the washer and shower. black ppl don't wash their hair everyday. it takes for-freaking-ever to get that nasty ass smell out my hair. not cool smokers, not cool!!!now only if I could learn to VOGUE...
<review# 1318,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2010,3/1/2011,213,121,4,8,7>it's a 4 for the sheer novelty of it.  i mean, where else are you going to find cheap hawaiian food in atlanta?  if we were going by taste alone, i'd probably give it a 3.i've been here a couple of times and each time i've been, the owner (i'm assuming) is always there to take my order with a smile on his face.  really pleasant guy.  k, now for the food:each time i've gone, i've ordered the spam musubi and some kind of bbq combo plate.  the spam musubi is pretty much spam with some sauce rolled in rice rolled in a seaweed wrap.  doesn't sound all that great, but i always have to get it when i come.  the bbq (like most people have already commented) is a lot like korean bbq.  the short ribs are pretty much korean galbi.  it's a good intro to korean food if you've never had it.  the marinade is really good, although one thing my dad taught me was you can always tell the quality of the short rib by the cut.  if you can feel little pieces of bone (not chunks, but a size you can definitely notice when you chomp down on a bite that isn't all meat), that's not a good piece of meat cause they didn't cut it right.  i'm sorry to say, but as delicious as the meat is, you can definitely taste those small bits of bone in your short ribs.  the chicken i thought was good.  very tender and, compared to the other bbq meats in the combo, there was no lack of chicken.  being asian, i loved that it was served with rice and the macaroni salad was some of the best i've ever had.  i was tempted to order a big party bucket on my way out it was so good.  the last time i went my girlfriend and i also ordered the bbq ramen.  the broth was a little low and a little bland.  soy sauce made it a little better, although i like my ramen soupy.  i've definitely had better ramen at more authentic japanese places but for 6 bucks at a hawaiian place, it's not that bad.  their menu is huuuuge, which always makes me want to come back to try more even though ordering the same thing every time i go is not helping me accomplish that task.  it's a great place to check out at least once.  my girlfriend and i have cravings for some hawaiian food every once in a while which says a lot about the place.
<review# 1319,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2011,2/28/2011,105,104,6,7,5>The first thing that came to mind when i learned that Ale Yeah was opening just two miles from my crib!?No more driving out to Greens and parking at Murder Kroger just to get my Belgian beer fix!With such beer-centric places like Brickstore and Leon's killing it in Decatur it was a much needed or at least highly desired addition to our community (Although if you've ever gone beer shopping with me you know i can get sucked into a decision vortex so my wife has a different opinion on the matter).What i really liked about Ale Yeah is the overall selection.  Most beer snob joints tend to go overboard with the Belgians, which is like picking the finest apple at the supermarket amongst a sea of fine apples. The style of beer and country of origin was well allocated amid the Canadian (love me some Unibroue), German, and Belgian breweries, with regional and locals well represented as well - even our own Jailhouse Brewery in Hampton, GA, which only opened a short time ago.If you're a home brewer these guys seem to have many if not most of the supplies you'll need.  If you're looking to start from scratch, they've got kits on hand.  Need a gift idea?  They have some great gift baskets that include cheeses, beers, and nicely designed "ALE YEAH" t-shirts.After about 30 minutes of browsing and price-comparing to Greens and Edgewood Kroger prices, here's what i left with: Bokrijks Belgian (delicious), a Yeast Hoist (still chilling), a Lindemans Lambic (for the missus), and a Delirium Nocturnum complete with awesome Pink Elephant glass that i always threaten to steal from McGowan's Pub in Oakhurst.  Various glasses are available for $5.  We escaped for about $40, which i felt was fair, after considering i saved gas money and spared myself possible bullet wounds.So when you visit this great new beer place, follow my motto:  When you're having trouble choosing between two beers, the answer is most certainly...both.
<review# 1320,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2011,2/27/2011,97,124,3,7,6>First time rock climber here, so I really have nothing to compare against...As part of my 30 before 30 list, I wanted to try out this rock climbing thing and with the help of a pair of gift certificates, I recruited my executive producer (inside joke) and went to tackle the unknown. My first thought - intimidating. I've been on roller coasters with heights that more than crush these, even zip lined in a rain forest, but for some reason I was nervous. Could it be a result of this harness I stepped my legs into? Or the fact that I was being spotted or belayed, whatever you call it, by a girl I weighed 3x her size? Either way, I tried it and I like it! It was definitely a fitness challenge as well as a mental check that, hey, if I fall, at least I'll be cushioned by recycled rubber from shoes and tires (YIKES...OCD MOMENT...ok, phew, over it)I do agree with David Z., the ladies at the gym on that particular night answered your questions, but they weren't that friendly or engaging. Will the newbie to the rock wall thingy go back? Sure!
<review# 1321,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2011,2/26/2011,196,345,8,2,8>An Einstein's manager just SAVED MY LIFE.OK, maybe that's a little extreme.  But, while I was stuck on a little hill at the corner of 12th and Juniper where Einstein's is, TERRIFIED and wondering wtf I was going to do, an Einstein's server yelled to me that her manager was coming out to help me.  He came out really quickly, and VERY CALMLY talked me through turning my wheel and putting it in various gears, while pushing my car manually to get me facing the right direction.  He asked me where I was aiming to go, and then told me how best to get there in the ice.  He also was very reassuring when some jerk was yelling about how "these idiots" don't know how to drive in the snow.  Yes, person from New York, I'd love to see you get my Civic out of this pile of ice while facing uphill.  "He's not worth paying attention to," says Einstein's manager.  I was too bewildered to thank him properly.  But he was awesome.  If he runs the restaurant half as well as he got me out of that jam, I'm sure it's a great place to have something go wrong and get fixed.(PS, I have eaten there a couple of times and had a pretty normal experience - I enjoy the food, especially the brunch.  Except I think their bloody mary has clam juice, so I can't drink it)
<review# 1322,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2011,2/25/2011,266,129,4,7,7>I am a pizza connoisseur. I love a good slice of pizza and in Atlanta they are hard to come by. I was born and raised in the heart of New York City. Pizza is part of my life, my culture and my personal well being. I have gone and tried a lot of different places in the city and always seem to end up ordering Papa Johns or Domino's. I mean it hurts when I have to pick up the phone and order a "franchise" pizza. It takes no talent to preheat a pizza and deliver it to my apartment.I enjoy going and eating at hole-in-the wall places that have that mom and pop feel but this place was actually a very delightful surprise. I woke up one morning with a friend and went on Scoutmob and saw that they were offering 50% off the first visit so I quickly jumped on it. I walked in and the hostess was incredibly nice. I asked her about a quick history of the place and what its all about. She said the "rubics cube record holder" owns the place...waaa? i'm like how is this going to translate to my pie? oh get it pie! anyway next....I ordered a beer and sat down. I believe I got their signature pie "Nana's Pizza" which can be purchased in half a pie or a full pie. I chose the full (it was a long drunk night prior) the pizza took about 15-20 minutes and when they set it on my table I just started going at it. The first bite was amazing and every single one after that was even better.This place delivered and impressed me beyond what I expected. They use all fresh ingredients and no preservatives so the pizza has to be eaten right out of the oven. Saving some for later is not recommended. The cute server, who was also from NYC, asked if we enjoyed it and I just looked at my table....she said then I guess I will see you next time....OF COURSE!
<review# 1323,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2011,2/24/2011,286,463,4,9,6>Charming Charlie, where have you been all my life?  With that being said, this accessory store is every girls one stop shop for that last minute "bling" to add to our outfit for the day, night or weekend.  When you walk in, your immediately distracted by all the COLOR.  Thank goodness the creators of this store came up with the ingenious idea to color coordinate all their jewelry and keep them situated by color scheme.  Think of the store "Forever 21" but for costume jewelry, purses, wallets, and the occasional shirt, dress or shoes.  The main focus of this store is rings, necklaces, bracelets,hair pins and "all things that sparkle" but they do house a handful of clothes, handbags, scarves and shoes if you feel the need to splurge or something moves you enough to make that purchase.The staff is friendly and helpful.  I was told they get shipments in weekly so you'll always find something new and shiny at your next visit.  Be sure to check out the clearance rack as I always find a good deal on necklace or bracelet for a fraction of the retail cost.Check out this place if you're shopping at the Forum and there is no doubt that you'll be tempted to purchase more than just one accessory.#Yelp 365 - 13/365
<review# 1324,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2010,2/23/2011,49,397,,10,6>I've completed my first camp and now I'm back for more as a vet. I'm absolutely amazed with the results. I can lift more, run longer and faster, and I sleep like the dead. It's that good. I lost 4% body fat in 8 weeks. I only lost a few pounds of scale weight, but I tightened up like nobody's business. Everyone was commenting that it looked like I'd lost even more weight when really I was just taking up less space. I love it. As if the results weren't enough motivation to keep going, the trainers make you accountable. I can always count on an email from Stacy if I didn't make a session. In the same vein, they're also more than happy to help you set goals and keep the same motivation when you hit a wall (sometimes literally). Even though they no longer hold my hand, they still keep an eye on form and aren't afraid to bust out a few burpees or push ups with me to keep me going. I don't know what else to say other than run, don't walk, to FitWit if you're looking for the hardest, but most rewarding, workout of your life. I'm not the least bit convenient to Decatur. It takes me about 35 minutes to get there. However, it's totally worth the drive.
<review# 1325,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2011,2/22/2011,86,144,3,7,8>This is the little red headed sister that most locals look past when they go to the store to get beer. Being a Taco Mac bartender, I see alot of the people come in and get a Sweetwater, or a Terrapin. But they forget about Red Brick, and after last night it makes me sad to realize this. Red Brick has an awesome vibe to it, and they make some really good beers to boot. They arent flashy, but looking to be more then a last resort for people who cant get other beers. They also contract a few beers around the area, so you may be having Red Brick beers without even knowing it. On top of that, the tasting room is pretty awesome, and they have alot of great events going on during the weekend, giving people plenty of options. They also have some cool shirts to check out. And the trivia is pretty hard, which is fun.
<review# 1326,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/31/2010,2/21/2011,102,272,6,7,10>Just had lunch there and I have to say, I can't wait to go back. I swear I died, went to heaven and came back to write this review. There are so many things I want to try on the topping bar. Speaking of which, here are some items I remember seeing: celery salt, regular and pineapple salsa, nacho cheese, 2 kinds of chili, Cajun seasoning, ny style onions in sauce, sauerkraut, slaw, BBQ sauce, onion relish, homemade chow chow and many more. I tried the Cincinnati chili with onions on one side of my dog and mustard and sauerkraut on the other. Yum!! My fries were plentiful and decent. If you go between 11-2, there's a $3.99 lunch special. They also serve onion rings that looked delish (I stalked someone else's table), burgers and red hots. Finally, service was awesome. The owner (I think) was very helpful in making choices and he checked on my twice to see if I enjoyed everything. I'll be seeing him over the weekend.
<review# 1327,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2010,2/20/2011,57,62,4,5,3>How do you write a review about your best friend?  I feel that's the task I'm trying to accomplish here.The Highlander (or The Winchester as we like to refer to it in an ode to Shawn of the Dead) is like the "bad boy" boyfriend I never had mixed in with my very best girlfriend.  I've been coming here for a decade at least, and the food has never not been just what I was looking for.  Back when I still ate meat, the french dip was my regular, now it's the amazing black bean soup and jalapeno corn fritters.  I get cravings for those.  Everything I've had on the menu (and that's a lot) has been amazing.When you've had a few drinks, I suggest you try the tater tots with cheese and ranch dressing.  Just don't then think it's a good idea at that point to try to play Britney Spears on the jukebox.  You'll get funny looks. The servers have always been nothing short of amazing - friends I look forward to seeing when I arrive and who remember my drink order even when I haven't dropped by for awhile.  The prices are great.  It can get smoky on the inside, but it's a bar, you should expect that.  It has wi-fi access, an jukebox with everything, plenty of seating, and they don't mind if you plan to stay awhile or just pop in for a quick drink before a movie; if you're all fancy for a night out, still in your suit from work, or in sweatpants.  It's comfortable, reliable, and judgement-free; like sinking into your couch at the end of the day.
<review# 1328,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2010,2/19/2011,145,302,3,5,4>Never one to pass up an unusual new food, I knew I had to try SunO when I passed by a couple weeks ago. This weekend I stopped in and got a regular Pappinsu, which seemed to be the craziest/most authentic of any pre-configured menu options (which only come in "regular" size).The price ($6.50) seemed steep at first, but then I saw how big "regular" actually was. It's their largest size, and it's quite big. The pappinsu was topped with Fresh Kiwi and Strawberry slices, sweet red beans, Rice cakes, Ai-Yu jelly, Korean powder and a cherry, then drizzled with condensed milk. I've never seen so many toppings on a single dessert. Even though the ai-yu jelly and korean powder were a mystery to me, nothing tasted too strong or odd. The shaved ice itself was milder than I expected, kind of like watered-down ice cream. All in all, it was a tasty and refreshing snack, but not totally filling.
<review# 1329,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/15/2010,2/18/2011,33,434,7,8,7>OMG, where is this place! Note: don't talk on the phone, blare them beats, and fiddle around with an aged GPS while trying to find this place on an empty stomach... Not that I'm into that... Went for dinner. Ordered Georgia something, some kind of platter. - brisket - Brunswick stew: I liked everything, but I liked this the least. - short ribs - some dinner rolls - fried green tomatoes: GOOD, but a little bit salty. Lil bit. - some kind of cooked cabbage side - spicy sauce The more I ate the better I liked the food. There was something familiar about the taste... Friendly service. Place got packed real quick. It is next to some kind of tiny food mart. I allllmost missed it. Inside is smallllll. Will probably have to share a table with strangers if you dine-in. So... order to-go if you have stranger fear. I need to go again. The end.
<review# 1330,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2010,2/17/2011,124,182,7,7,5>I went on a thursday night to check this place out.  To my surprise, it was located right next to Karaoke Melody, my favorite karaoke joint in ATL.  We parked the car and as we approached the restaurant, two people were outside and immediately bowed, smiled, and opened the door for us.  Nice.  One of them turned out to be the owner, Art Hayakawa.Walking in, I immediately thought the decor was very, very nice.  It's not a huge restaurant, seems like it could fit about 50 people or so.  As with most authentic Japanese restaurants, the place was SPOTLESS.  Everything was perfectly organized and any tables that had a smudge on them had a waiter immediately on duty with a cloth to clean up.  Props to the japanese for that.There weren't many people there that night (7 total maybe) but I hear it gets crazy crowded on Saturdays apparently with a lot of Japanese people.  I can see why.  I'm not an expert on Japanese food but I know a little, and this place seemed to be top notch.  The prices aren't cheap by any means but for the high quality food they serve, it's very very reasonably priced.  Can't afford coming here all the time but it's affordable enough that I can swing by here every once in a while and not feel too bad.We had hot house sake, some appetizers, a couple orders of sushi, and udon.  All of these were very tasty and also presented nicely (another japanese food plus).  The waiters were both young and could speak english very well, and were very friendly and extremely attentive.As we were finishing up our meal, Art Hayakawa himself stopped by our table and asked us how things were going.  He was extremely friendly and was genuinely concerned about the quality of the food and the dining experience, which was very nice of him.  He saw that I was drinking sake and asked if I liked sake, which I obviously do.  He then spoke Japanese to one of the waiters and next thing you know, I was brought a couple free shots of very high quality sake from his favorite prefecture in Japan.  I think he could tell he wasn't messing with a sake novice, so he went with the big guns.  I don't know what it is about me, but I can't seem to go to a japanese restaurant anymore without getting free sake.  My face must scream, "Want. Free. Booze."Anyway, I really enjoyed the place and it's really worth the price.  Due to its apparent popularity on the weekends, however, I'd check it out during the weekdays for an optimal experience.
<review# 1331,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/19/2010,2/16/2011,49,113,9,4,4>4 stars for halloween! there is a huge section of costumes of every kind organized by genre (and everything is hanging up so you don't have to take the costumes out of the bags in your dressing room only to realize what they label a size S is really a XXXXL) i came in here looking for a tutu after having gone to 50 billion other stores looking for a tutu (unsuccessfully) and within 5 minutes i found 3 that i was in love with plus the perfect accessories for the whole costume, score!ok... so on to the regular merchandise and the general feel of the store.  the second i'm within 500 feet of the store, there are groups of shady looking preteens with long greasy hair wearing all black standing around on the sidewalk.  they look like they're plotting something, and i don't like it.  once i walk into the store, i FEEL like one of those preteens plotting something.  i'm baraged by 50 billion signs warning not to steal.  there is a sign that says something along the lines of "WE PUT 4 PEOPLE IN JAIL LAST WEEK FOR STEALING. NO MATTER WHAT AGE, HOW MUCH THE ITEM, YOU WILL GO TO JAIL".  i wonder..... do they update the number on this sign every week??This freaks me out.  I start getting paranoid that somehow I blacked out and stole something and they will catch me and put me in jail.  I start checking my purse every 5 seconds for plastic doll heads or something that aren't supposed to be there.  Fear intensifies as unsmiling staff snatches shorts out of my hands saying I'm not allowed to take those in the dressing room.I take a quick look at the highly overpriced made-in-third-world-country-by-starving-children merchandise, try not to feel too retarded that I'm buying a bright pink tutu with glitter and sequins from an unsmiling pierced dyed-hair youth, and quickly leave bc I just realized how yuppie I am and am thankful for it.
<review# 1332,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2010,2/15/2011,454,253,,12,9>I'm hesitant to write about Nakato - how do you review an institution? This Japanese restaurant, featuring "Hibachi" (a US term, it's actually teppanyaki - the large metal griddle is called a teppan), traditional Japanese favorites and sushi, is so diverse, good and wonderful that's it's difficult to categorize, other than to describe in general how good everything is. The restaurant has been in Atlanta since 1972 and many other chains can point to Nakato as their birthplace (former employees from Nakato started Kobe and Kampai of Tokyo but there are others)First a bit about Japanese cooking - in general there's more of a subtlety to Japanese cuisine to which most Americans aren't aware. The dishes tend to emphasize the flavor and texture of the materials rather than covering everything up with strong sauces and heavy spices. Because of this it's very necessary for all the ingredients and component parts to be extremely fresh. With that philosophy, you can pretty much tell if what you're getting is fresh or not, as the ingredients are either prepared before you or lightly cooked to prevent the destruction of the delicate nuances of flavor in the food. I started going to Nakato roughly 20 years ago - the second time I lived in Atlanta (the first time was in the mid-80s). Some of my friends knew the bartender so we would go for drinks and an appetizer, sitting in their well-stocked bar. Over time we started doing meals there, initially the teppanyaki and sushi, migrating to the traditional dishes and finally going exclusively for the sushi and sitting before Chef Kaki and his staff. We did just that last evening, and were well rewarded with what else but fantastic fish and service.Kaki suggested the aji (horse mackerel) and skipjack sashimi - both were fantastic! The skipjack was served on thin sliced onion with Japanese mint and garlic ponzu - the flavors were out of this world. The aji was prepared both sliced and with a slight toss of green onion - the combination of both types of fish created a great balance that complimented one another. These were indeed the stars of this show - we ordered some other nigiri and a couple of rolls just to round things out - all were exceptionally fresh and well prepared.  Add an Asahi Dry and some saki, a house salad and miso and you've got a well-rounded meal.The service, both by our server and Chef Taki himself, was both excellent, as was the conversation. The Nakato dininig room isn't as loud as most sushi houses you encounter so it wasn't necessary to scream at everyone (something I hate about noisy restaurants). In all the experience was fantastic and something that surprises us whenever we dine there.I'm always hearing a lot about other Japanese restaurants, especially when I hear about the sushi, the chef, etc. I will still go to experience each, as I love food and sushi in particular. However I've never understood why Nakato isn't talked about more - the fish here is some of the best you will ever see - they get drops from Japan that they pick up at the airport. I don't know of many other restaurants in town that do the same. The preparation is top notch, the service exceptional and the location near Piedmont about as centrally located as you can get. What's not to like?
<review# 1333,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2010,2/14/2011,73,69,17,6,3>4 stars.  Not because the food is fantastic, but because the food is better than the average buffet.  Let me clear things up, buffet food normally sucks, but buffets are great for fatty's like myself who love to go home so full that I'm on the verge of puking.  The food was slightly better than decent, which made it very satisfying to crush 6 plates of food, two of which were full of deserts.  I did the bloat walk all the way to the bathroom concentrating on every step.  I tried to poop so I could clear some room and go back for more, but it wouldn't come out so I had to leave and go home.
<review# 1334,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2010,2/13/2011,67,441,3,8,5>Can a tattoo shop feel like home? Everyone took great care to be real and cool and treat you like family. The music was like my own soundtrack of punk rock and rock and roll. Everything was super clean and dare I say cozy to a rock and roll lover like me.Phil is THE MASTER. I recently got my first "big" tattoo (2nd tattoo ever) from Phil and I didn't even consider that anyone else would be the artist. I felt at ease through the whole process and wasn't even a teensy bit nervous once we started talking through it. The tattoo I got is so good that when I wear a tank top my friends still yank the strap over to see the whole thing and just ooh and ahh. I still marvel at how great it looks and am saving furiously for more ink from Memorial!!
<review# 1335,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2011,2/12/2011,179,339,1,6,6>Met fellow Yelper Rachel V. here last night for happy hour and 3 1/2 hours later, we left. The atmosphere is great and the open layout offers something for everyone - large bar with plenty of seating; a high top communal table that seats at minimum 20 ppl; plenty of regular tables; and five seats at the kitchen counter. There was a steady crowd the whole time we were there and it was buzzing but not overly loud which I appreciated - especially, for the number of people there having a great time. Rachel recommended the Buhler red Zinfandel and it was the perfect wine to celebrate the end of a long week. We ordered the crispy Maine calamari and it was very good. Lightly breaded and perfectly cooked. I also ordered the Kaleidoscope burger (single) with pimento cheese, slaw and green tomato chow chow. It was delicious. Liked the pub fries that accompanied it and loved the price, $8! Very friendly and efficient bar staff - shout-out to Ashley! I look forward to coming back here and trying more of the menu items that caught my eye.
<review# 1336,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2011,2/11/2011,212,212,3,8,8>So I finally came to this place (its only open for lunch on weekdays, and I cant really skip class..) BUT its definitely worth while.The stars are definitely the side dishes. The potato ham casserole was absolutely the bomb. If its there, just get it and enjoy it.the sweet potato casserole was good but really sweet. and they put pecans in it I think (which caused me to put pecans in my recipe for it from now on)the banana pudding was pretty good, not mind blowing but still tasty and cheap for the amount that youthe chicken and dumplings was ok, the chicken was kinda dry, but soaked in the delicious gravy. and the dumplings were very homestyle (that is... heavy).I would definitely like to mention the people that eat here. If you want to eat where the locals eat, where the blue collar workers eat, eat here. i sat down by myself, and literally within 5 minutes was talking to a few guys (who didnt know each other beforehand) about nascar and sweet iced tea. That is southern hospitality at its best.
<review# 1337,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2010,2/10/2011,57,302,4,5,5>Holy mother of deliciousness!! Ziba has got it going on.Everything about this place is great. It is not in a hippie/suburban/trendy area and there is plenty of parking. The atmosphere is great. Not too chachki, not too bold, but you feel like you are in someone's bar/living room type of thing. Which awesome. The service is stellar. We were immediately seated and well taken care of throughout the night. Now the menu did not have much of anything that I could eat being vegan, but they did have a mushroom and eggplant dish that I had to try. It blew my tastebuds back to the 18th century. It was amazing. Ziba's also has hookahs, which is totally neat. I am definitely going to come here again as soon as my single dish cravings set in.
<review# 1338,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/23/2010,2/9/2011,155,332,4,10,8>Dr. Combs is the 4th gynecologist I've had in my life and she is hands down the best!#1: the only option at the campus clinic. very detached and primarily concerned with dispensing drugs.#2 (Dr. Law of Atlanta Medical Center): friend of/referred by my parents (awkward). really old man (awkward x2) who I only had 2 visits with before he retired.#3 (Dr. Lemon of Atlanta Medical Center): default transfer from Dr #2 after his retirement. looong waits despite making an appointment, very impersonal, get to see the doctor for maybe 5 minutes max during your 2 hours there (mostly spent in the waiting room). there were visits where I never saw her at all because she trained a midwife to do paps!After 4+ years with Dr. Lemon, I finally decided to see what else was out there and found Dr. Combs. Granted, scheduling an appointment a few months out seemed like a hassle, but it also reassured me that she would be worth the wait.My first visit was much better than I imagined:* huuuge & comfy waiting area* the waiting area WASN'T packed with 5 other moms who each brought their 2.5 loud & obnoxious kids, running around, jumping on the couch and trying to play with my hair... yes, that's what I had gotten used to at Atlanta Medical Center* my appointment started ON TIME and I was out of there in 1 hour!* the staff were all super friendly* the stirrups had Christmas socks on them =)* I got to speak to Dr. Combs (who is, by the way, the easiest person in the world to talk to) in length about anything and everything prior to getting undressed* $35 copay compared to $45 at Dr. Lemon'sPost visit, I got a followup call from Morgan (Dr. Combs' secretary) exactly when she said she would call to get an update about whether my insurance policy covered certain birth control options that I had discussed with Dr. Combs. Morgan was also able to answer alot of my questions over the phone which I was very impressed with.I won't be switching doctors for as long as I live in Atlanta.
<review# 1339,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2010,2/8/2011,100,145,3,6,4>more like 3.8 pizza nowim still a fan........but.......not as much as beforethe ingredients are still great! pizza still TASTES great....the pies are substantially smaller. i suspect that the dough is still the same 'weight' or w/e....but theyve made the crust all around thicker so they hold up to the sauce/toppings w/o being droopy/soggy. however, i think theyve decreased the amount of toppings, so the topping to dough ratio just isnt that great anymore imo. tried the San Gennaro pizza this time with meatballs and sweet peppers and holy moly, those pepper were....SWEET! haha and the meatballs were yums too.and omg, we got the amaretti cannoli for dessert and it. was. so. freakin. good. YUM. each one is made to order so the pastry shell stays crisp. the filling is creamy and not overly sweet with great great flavor. i DEF would get this again.ps. byo-drinks pls. no alcohol there, which is fine. but aluminum bottled coke/diet coke at $2.50 a pop......NO THANKS!
<review# 1340,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2010,2/7/2011,458,1067,5,7,11>Oh, Noni's... It had been too long. Tonight after the karaoke UYE I was thrilled that everyone wanted to come down the street for the Saturday Night Dance Party.At first seeing security at the door was a little unsettling.  In hindsight I'm glad they were there. Very friendly too. Not only did they haul off a drunk girl with Auburn face paint that was dancing on a table, but they also did a good job of keeping order inside (as well as helping with the homeless loitering around outside).  Normally I wouldn't even mention the homeless because they're not scary and, quite frankly, that's part of what is charming about Edgewood.  Tonight it was cold and they seemed to be coming out from every direction.  I never felt afraid and it was nice to know security was there in case something happened.Another thing that is charming about Edgewood is the diverse group of people who hang out in the area.  Undoubtedly, this is a scene dominated by the hipsters.  However, you can find every race/color and a fair mix of boy and girls all hanging out having a great time.  Our group alone seemed to represent every demographic... gay, straight, 20-something & single, 30+ something & married, black, white, and Asian.  I even got to meet Christopher P. and his beautiful wife for the first time. Where else, but on Edgewood??It's not my normal idea of a fun Saturday night, however it's definitely not off the radar.
<review# 1341,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/21/2010,2/6/2011,1772,1772,6,22,9>I came here for Kathleen's "Yelp Invades Decatur" UYE with 9 other Yelpers last night.  The address for the restaurant is 121 Sycamore Street, but it's not actually on Sycamore Street, at least not the drivable part.  It's located on the south side of Decatur Square or as Kathleen described to me, if you are facing the entrance to Brickstore Pub, the Iberian Pig is to your right.  Just find street parking anywhere close to the Square.  In Decatur, downtown street parking is free after 6pm, Mondays through Saturdays and free all day on Sundays.The restaurant itself is a little upscale, lots of dark wood, overall nice rustic decor and candle-lit ambiance for dinner.  Because we had such a large group, the chef offered us a six-course tasting on a weeknight, when it is usually only available for large groups on the weekends.  Very nice gesture of him, but we all ended up ordering our own dishes.  I ordered the Pork Tenderloin at the suggestion of James H. and some dishes were also shared, of which I tried the following:B.W.D. - Bacon wrapped dates stuffed with Manchego (Spanish) cheese and walnuts with Romesco dipping sauceMeat cocas flat bread - Serrano ham, arugula, caramelized onions, shaved manchego cheese, pistachio, Chilean olive oilManchego mac and cheese - Garganelli pasta, Manchego crème, fresh thymeEggplant fries with a spicy red pepper aioliPatatas al Valdeon - crunchy potatoes, Valdeon allioli, and Bravas sauceMy favorites were the bacon-wrapped dates, Manchego mac and cheese, and the meat flat bread.  The B.W.D's just melt in your mouth.  We inhaled them.  The flat breads here are like ultra thin crust pizzas.  Very delicate, lots of toppings, and delicious.  The mac and cheese is some of the best I've had in the city.  The pork tenderloin was tender and juicy and came with a tasty sauce.  Eggplant fries were nice and crispy.  Can't say I'm a fan of the potatoes.  They tasted a little funky.  Items that I missed out on that I'd still like to try: Iberian Pig and churros.We had excellent service from our German server Philip and seating of our large group went very smoothly.  Overall, the Pig is a good place to get high quality Spanish cuisine and tapas in Decatur and in metro Atlanta for that matter.
<review# 1342,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/1/2010,2/5/2011,40,33,4,9,6>Okay.. so let me get this out of the way.  The burgers are awesome.  They taste good.  They are humongous and priced well.  You get to sit there and watch Ms. Ann prepare them... it doesn't look difficult.. she uses ingredients that you probably have at home.. but I have no idea how to make my burgers taste like that.So, why only three stars? (I was actually going to make a lame joke about what my "beef" was but thought better of it.)  As good as the burgers are I'm not sure it is always worth the wait.  Even though I'm sure that Ms. Ann is happy to have a steady stream of business it is just  bit much to have to wait outside and then wait inside too.  When she fixes burgers she essentially fixes an entire counter's worth at a time which means that even after you make it inside you have to wait for her to fix 7orders worth of burgers/hotdogs, etc.It really isn't her fault (and I don't think she cares - as she points out Checkers is down the street waiting for you) but it is a super small "restaurant" with a massive loyal following.  It just isn't always worth the 1.5 hour wait for a burger.
<review# 1343,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2011,2/4/2011,777,438,9,7,5>I feel like my neighborhood has quadrupled in real estate value since the addition of not only Heirloom's, but Peter Chang's! The restaurant has a big dining space that includes an upstairs. This restaurant specializes in Szechuan cuisine. A section of their menu includes Tasty China's menu as well. Like most Chinese restaurants, the food is served family style. Probably the most notable thing about this cuisine is their use of numbing peppers. According to Andy N., it's like taking a bite of food after chewing a really minty gum. According to me, it's like applying a lip plumper, jk. I like the sensation; spicy, more spicy....then viola! NUMBNESS! One of my favorite dishes, introduced to me by Daniel B., is the eggplant dish. The eggplant is lightly fried and sprinkled with the Szechuan pepper. There's also a battered fish and eggplant dish, but I like the eggplant by itself. It's actually not a main dish. We also had this soup that incl duck and pork. It was good, but reminded me of a traditional medicinal broth. Maybe medicinal isn't the correct term, but it tastes like something healthy a elderly Asian person would want you to consume if you were sick or as a super dose of nutrition. I'm being incoherent, someone relate to me if you know what I am referring to. Yelp 365 #16/365
<review# 1344,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/10/2010,2/3/2011,817,996,2,6,6>5 Continents is exactly that - a literal, and exquisite, representation, of the five continents. Owner Jennifer Saade's French-born, world-travelled eye and tastes bring her fair-trade co-op to beautiful life in the little corner of our world that she graces with her and its presence. Handmade jewelry from all corners of the globe bedeck tables and displays, pictures loose and framed (some haunting, like those of children and some cheeky like those of gorgeous handmade sandals from a street market vendor) from S. Africa and Haiti adorn corners, skirts that are dazzling and painstakingly made by fair-labor workers in India (like the one I hope beyond hope is still there tomorrow when I plan to return for it) are shown for you to just have to try on and go gaga over. "Mine" is this amazing combinatinon of silver and gold and almost cinnamon-colored thread and beads on a cream background. I am in love!Americana is on display with vintage Samsonite suitcases turned into (still-functional) works of art with clever painting, among other delightful items that could make great stocking stuffers and holiday presents for the women on your lists. Gorgeous handmade creches and nativity type ornaments from South American countries and these adorable kids books like Hansel and Gretel in Spanish and Portugese would make awesome presents - soft back, the characters are velcroed and moveable throughout the book and story. How cool is that! They do come in English.Jennifer and her mom Nicole also sell their lovely handmade soaps and precious "linge" (lingerie) ,"vin" (wine, of course) and other embroidered travel and accessory bags - think of knocking out teacher gifts or MIL, SIL . . . even a treat for you.The store works like a co-op so a whole slew of talented and multi-cultural people and their nationalities are represented. Signs above each section of the displays around the store tell you "where" you are shopping. Jennifer tries to support the *things* happening in our world and recently had a night where 10% of sales went to Haiti relief efforts. World-wide awareness and giving back, and supporting fair-trade and fair-labor practices as much as possible are principles important to running her own business.5 Continents is definitely a *different* kind of shop, in the best sense - and one that makes me feel welcome, in this little corner of our great big world!
<review# 1345,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2011,2/2/2011,243,486,4,10,9>Take out is tricky @ Bo Bo, because most of the dishes are better served hot and asap in house, and they do not have a menu online. Still, needed to bring food home tonight, and it was mostly successful.I enjoyed the soup with dumplings *minus* the broth (it was a bit dishwatery tonight). S & P shrimp were huge and flavorful. Wondered about msg, it was so bursting with flavor. Didn't care for the pan fried pork noodles. It was more goopy sauce than good stuff, I just don't love crispy stick noodles, and it wasn't the right choice for takeout. Last time I got takeout from Bobo, I ordered pork and eggplant casserole. Ended up with something totally different when I got home, so decided not to chance it again. I am anti-styrofoam, and especially when you have hot-ass food inside of it. Not sure why they couldn't use cute little paper boxes, but half of the order was in styrofoam and the rest was in plastic.Cheers~
<review# 1346,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2010,1/29/2011,220,93,8,15,10>I think I'm pretty low maintenance.  Thus, I don't fuss nor am I nonplussed if I miss a bus or my hair is mussed.  I also like alliteration.*  So while I haven't scoured Atlanta in search of the best salon, when there is an occasion I want to get gussied up for, Nouvelle has me covered.Why I love them:They're patient.  With both the deb who takes eons to pick a color and  the elderly lady who talks way too loudly while asking inappropriate questions.The pedicure chairs recline!  They're amazingly comfortable and they offer eye masks to help block the fluorescents while you get into spa mode.  Of course, I doze off within 3 minutes and even though once my leg spasmed and I nearly kicked the bottle of polish out of my technician's hand, she remained as delightful as ever.  (googling: restless leg syndrome)The smell.  You know those salons where just breathing is likely singeing nose hairs?  Not at Nouvelle.  Great ventilation and air flow.The vibe.  Just walking into this west side establishment makes you feel a little cooler.  The staff is professional and polite and they wear stylish brown uniforms. The decor is urban chic.  Most walls are exposed brick, and the finished ones are neutral colored with an adorable wall decal to greet you as you enter.If that wasn't enough, the prices are reasonable and they serve green tea.  There, that should do it.Tip: Follow them on Twitter for offers and discounts!*...I mean rhyming.
<review# 1347,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2010,1/28/2011,172,868,1,10,9>Possibly the best meal I've had in Atlanta.  We were celebrating the holidays early, so we indulged and ordered quite a few things.  The items we sampled included:-Eggplant Fries: A gigantic tower of fried eggplant covered in powdered sugar.  It sounds strange, but dipped in the tabasco sauce, the sweet/spicy blend was perfect.  If you have a group, this would be a great app to share because it can feed so many.  Apparently, this item was also featured on the Food Network show "The Best Thing I Ever Ate."-Pork Belly Tacos: The three tiny tacos that came out looked underwhelming, but the pork belly was so rich that it was the perfect serving size for two.-Complimentary Bread Basket: The bread was hearty and rich, with a salty crust that offset the fresh herbs.  The white bread with the herbs was my favorite.-Duck Breast: This dish sets the standard for how duck should be cooked.  There was no thick layer of fat on top of the breast.  Instead, it had been rendered down to a perfectly crispy skin, yet the meat was not overcooked.  I have no idea how they did this, but it was amazing.  The tangy risotto that accompanied cut the richness nicely.-Lamb Chops: This was a "second mortgage" dish and were worth the price tag.  The portion was generous, and the chops were nicely seasoned and cooked to a lovely rare.  If you love lamb, don't miss these chops.-Grilled Creamed Corn: So incredibly tasty, but so incredibly rich.  At this point, it hurt to eat this dish.  -Brussels:  These tiny brussel sprouts were served with caramelized onions and a mustard seed sauce.  Their sharp flavor was the perfect accompaniment to the richness of the other items we ordered.-Coffee: Average.-Gingerbread Cheesecake: Next time I'm saving room for the sampler dessert tray, but if you have to pick one, this cheesecake is a winner.  The texture is more like a mousse than a cheesecake, but the lightness of the dish does not mean the intense flavor is compromised.  Delicious.The service was the only thing that did not match the price point, but in every other way Rathbun's exceeded my expectations.
<review# 1348,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/5/2010,1/27/2011,298,329,14,4,8>If I had a significant other, made more money, and/or had an appreciation for greenery, this place would be my new hang-out spot. I went for free as part of an alumni event, and I don't think I would've been thrilled to cough up $15 to watch at least 834762387468 couples get all touchy-feely in front of some bushes and fountains. If the entrance fee included a free cocktail or two during Cocktails in the Garden, that would be pretty sweet, though. A map really isn't necessary, and you can stroll through everything in about thirty minutes. I did really like how I felt that I wasn't even in Atlanta when I was here (which is a good thing for me), and I was pleasantly surprised that a place so peaceful, well-kept, romantic, and pretty was right off Piedmont and so close to the bustling park. In the end, I guess I'm just more of a lover of concrete, highrises, mobs of fast-walking people, and the sweet sound of honking cabs, so I just don't get the whole look-at-plants thing. You can't even pet them, and they're not even furry - what's the point?
<review# 1349,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/21/2010,1/26/2011,214,189,6,8,10>Located along the restaurant row of Broad Street, iYogo is one of the only locales to provide delicious cold treats to workers Downtown.  In addition to the frozen yogurt machine behind the counter, I was pleasantly surprised to see a nicely-filled case of gelato with the more common flavors of chocolate and vanilla and lemon, as well as a few more off-the-beaten-path flavors like pomegranate, mango, and pistachio. I had a wide variety of toppings to choose from for my small mango gelato.  Being Asian, I, of course, chose mochi.  The dessert was smooth--smoother than the average yogurt selection from Yogurberry or Yoforia, and really hit the spot on the hot 94-degree day.  It's a shame I found this place--it's really going to get in the way of my goal of having six-pack abs.
<review# 1350,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2010,1/23/2011,338,442,15,8,9>Roll me....over.    Roll me....over.  Okay, I'll stop. :-)  After having a decent lunch at Ginseng Cafe and bumming some wireless off Tin Drum Asia outside in some windy weather, I started back towards the Marriot Marquis....only to realize that I didn't want to go back to my conference yet- so I double-taked on this place..and rolled right in.  (*knee slap*). I ordered a "Wrap combo" with bulgogi.  The wrap basically consists of a flour tortilla wrapped around sauteed marinated beef, onions, tomatoes lettuce, and avocado.  On the side come a single piece of california roll, and another piece of tuna with pickled radish roll (??), and also a small side of lettuce with dressing.  It was nice that they also included hot miso soup with slices of mushroom, being that it was a rather cold day.  The wrap was surprisingly good.  The avocados were a nice touch, and they were pretty generous with the ingredients.  While the pieces of sushi were nothing special, to get all of this for under $6 dollars (I didn't request a drink) was a pretty decent deal.  They've also got free wi-fi here- just go up and ask for the wi-fi code.  Service here is pretty friendly. And as far as the unique decor...deal with it.  I personally don't downgrade restaurants for their religious/cultural decor, be it statues of gods/goddesses and the like, so I don't necessarily get some of the negativity against this place, especially because it's a fast-food/takeout type of place.  Overall- 3.5, and an extra .5 for the catchy name.  Hopefully they'll bankroll some good business.  I'm on a roll here.  oops.  Autobots...let's roll out....before I ROFL at my own stupid jokes.
<review# 1351,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2010,1/22/2011,196,217,1,5,5>This where to buy your NC grown Frasier Fir Christmas tree at a great price coupled by exceptional service! I have always had terrific experiences when shopping at this Pike Nursery location: incredibly knowledgeable and patient employees who don't look down on us non-green-thumb types, but this weekend's experience sealed the deal for a 5 star worthy review. This location has a whole (indoor!) aisle of 6' to 8' size Frasier Fir trees from a farm in NC, the same location as their pricier larger trees which start at about $70-90 and go up dramatically from there based on size. The promo trees are slightly more slender than the other trees, but still have a beautiful shape and were incredibly fresh (no needle dropping either in store or when I got it home) and the system for purchasing is simple: select a tree, the team member will pull off  and hand you 1 part of a 2 part tag with a short serial ID number on it so you can go check out at the front register area, then drive your car to the side lot for pick up where they match the tag and put the tree safely on top of or in to your vehicle in a matter of 2-3 minutes. No muss, no fuss and a GREAT quality tree on the cheap!
<review# 1352,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2010,1/21/2011,469,375,3,19,8>I'm upgrading Cafe 101 to 5 stars.  I love the Taiwanese food here.I came here for my birthday with a party of 15, and we were all able to sit at the largest round table in the restaurant.  We ordered 11 dishes, and all of them were fresh, perfectly seasoned, very savory with strong flavors, and enjoyed by all.  The portions of each entree are family size.  The food started to arrive at our table relatively quickly, within 15 minutes, despite our huge order.Below are my ratings for each dish:- Eggplant in garlic sauce and ground pork - 5 stars- Fried tofu - Crunchy on the outside, soft on the inside.  Great with the sauce. 5 stars- Sizzling house tofu - mildly spicy.  4.5 stars- Spicy boiled fish fillet - This dish has tilapia and squid in it.  4 stars- Basil squid - 5 stars.- Salt and pepper squid - My favorite.  5 stars- Basil chicken - succulent with great flavor, but too much fatty skin 4.5 stars- Sweet and sour pork - Not fried.  I didn't expect it to look like bbq ribs. Very good 4.25 stars.- Salt and pepper porkchops - My least favorite, too salty, but still good.  4 stars- Seafood pan fried noodles - The noodles are crunchy and topped with a starchy sauce and lots of seafood!  4.5 stars.The service was decent and efficient._______________________________________________EDIT: August 6, 2011It's great to see that Cafe 101 is back in business after being closed for several months in 2011.  I tried the $6.95 lunch buffet on a Saturday afternoon in August 2011.  It was great and super fresh, especially with the quick refill rate of the most popular dishes.  Although the selection was limited to approximately 16 dishes, I really liked everything.  The food is still Taiwanese for the most part.  My favorites in the lunch buffet were the Shanghai lo mein, the spicy whole fish, the pan-fried dumplings, the basil chicken, and the spicy fried chicken.  I was hoping to see my other favorites (salt and pepper squid; eggplant in garlic sauce), but there weren't any in the lunch buffet on that Saturday afternoon.   Maybe they'll have it next time!I was also impressed by the attentive and cheerful service.  I agree with Marty J. that this was the best service that I have ever experienced in a Buford Highway restaurant.
<review# 1353,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2010,1/20/2011,427,432,22,19,13>How to have a hot date:Boys, this is your way to your date's heart. If you take her (or him?) here, you already won some huge brownie points, but here are some 'extras' that you should know about it.- Get here early so you can get a great spot.- cook awesome food, pack it up in Tupperware and put it with a bottle (or 2) of wine in a picnic basket.- stock your car with blankets and pillows to keep you warm.The rest is magic. You got a cozy car with comfy pillows and blankets (to snuggle with :p), hopefully good (if he knows how to cook) food and tons of wine, and a great movie in a huge screen to watch. If the date is going well, you can stay for the second movie, since your ticket is for a double feature (so a 4+ hour date).Now, extra brownie points if you don't park next to a car with kids... try not to have tooo much fun in there ;)If she isn't completely smitten by the end of the date, then you have giant issues. lol
<review# 1354,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/20/2010,1/19/2011,257,221,5,7,4>I stopped by Eclipse Di Luna last week to avoid traffic. I used to come here quite a bit before it became the super-popular destination it is now, and I remembered how yummy the drinks and tapas were so I decided to refresh my memory. Not much has changed - great live music, great drinks, great food, and great service. But along with popularity comes too many people and Eclipse is always packed. Even the Monday night I went it was packed. And it was uncomfortably loud. I was talking to a man sitting next to me at the bar and I had to yell. With the music and the people, the noise is just too much. The noise is muted if you're seated in the outside patio area, but it's still loud. For snacks, I had the Bocadillo de Ropa Vieja sliders (braised brisket, arugula, pickles, and blue cheese spread). The sliders tasted good but the blue cheese spread that was supposed to be on them was either not there or very faint. I also had my favorite item, the Patatas Bravas con Romesco, spicy potatoes with spicy sauce. Yum, baby, yum! In the past, I've sampled other delicious tapas including the Pan Fresco (bread w/ olive oil), Pimientos Rellenos con Queso de Cabra (roasted red sweet peppers stuffed with honey goat cheese), Atun a la Plancha (seared tuna on salad), Costillas Espanol (spanish-style ribs)... Basically, I've eaten here a lot. The only dish I don't like is the Pan Catalan (bread topped with a tomato and spice puree); I didn't like the crunchiness of the bread and the taste of the puree. I've always been a fan of drinks at Eclipse, and so when I saw they had a skinny margarita, I decided to try it. It's basically a premium margarita without a juice mix - Patron tequila, Grand Marnier, and lime juice. Now, when the drink came in a 6 oz. glass (as I dieter, I know what a 6 oz. glass looks like), I was like, okay, wow. In a 6 oz. glass, you've got ice, tequila, lime juice, and Grand Marnier, so I've got about 4 oz. maximum DRINK. This 4 oz. drink cost $11 - $10 PLUS $1 TAX. ($1.10 to be specific.) When I told the bartender how shocked I was at the cost, she explained about the premium liquors. As a regular drinker, I KNOW this drink shouldn't have cost more than $8. It was 4 FRIGGIN' OUNCES!!!!!! It wasn't even a high ball glass!!!!!! And although the drink tasted good, I felt like I'd been robbed. And I suggested to the bartender that she warn people about the cost of that drink before putting it down in front of them. And yes, I was polite during this conversation, and she was polite as well. (For the record, both of the bartenders who served me were great.) I'm sure I'll likely visit Eclipse Di Luna again in the future because one bad item doesn't spoil the bunch, but I won't be ordering that skinny margarita EVER AGAIN. I'd rather be fat. :-)
<review# 1355,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2010,1/18/2011,139,167,7,8,7>Okay.  First off - I'm vegetarian now.  I won't get into it here because this isn't a freaking blog post it's a review.  But vegans - don't be mad I still got your back!  I just can't rightfully call myself one of you now.  And omnis - don't give me any of your "blah blah they all come back to cheese eventually and it's only a matter of time before she can't resist bacon anymore either!" because I am SO OVER bacon and all other meat for that matter.  So...yeah.  ANYWAY!  It's my life and it's complicated SO THERE.  And that's why it's been forever since my last review!  I was afraid I would be forsaken by my vegan fans....Anyway!  Vesuvius!  This place has some of the best pizza in Atlanta.  Sure Antico is the new It Pizza Place and it's damn good pizza but Antico don't deliver.  Also Antico don't charge a mere $12 for pizza.  And $2 PBR ($8 pitchers!)  Plus I happen to like the decor - kind of reminds of the place I used to go to with my team after little league softball.  But with a twist!  That twist being thoughtful lighting and the supercool bar.  My husband and I like to sit at the bar and order a medium Mazama (mushrooms and roasted garlic and spinach and chili flakes oh my!) and eat the whole thing and hang out.  Whether you go for the cool vibe and beers or delivery it's seriously awesome New York style pizza (corroborated by my hard to please New Yorker husband) and it's one of the best deals in town!AAAANNNNDDD free parking across the street.  FTW!
<review# 1356,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2010,1/17/2011,129,504,4,4,5>Okay, I'm writing this as an accomplice, nay, enabler of my female's need for dark chocolate.After finishing at Pure, she looks up and sees the sign - I like chocolate too, but it really becomes a visceral kind of thing in my household (5 women/girls) - and we wander over.Going in, it really is something that you have to be into and like and appreciate or else the "I can get a whole box of Hershey's for this one little bob-bon" thoughts will go through your head.Having said all of the above, it was amazing.They take you from bean to bar, so to speak.  You can get all sorts of things that you would have to usually leave this country to try and enjoy - again, assuming that you value this, it's amazing.I think I'll probably time the next visit when there is a full moon and all the females in my house are PMSing...
<review# 1357,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2010,1/16/2011,343,405,3,6,5>This is becoming one of my favorite places in Atlanta!  Everything from the atmosphere to the food to the drinks...all have been standouts in my opinion.  I came here for the first time with Leslie E. one afternoon to catch up on our lives and I didn't realize she was a huge fan until she totally took control of the menu!  Good thing she did since every recommendation she made was awesome!We started with the salt and vinegar popcorn.  At first, I thought this could just go so wrong but after one bite, I was hooked!  I never knew the combination would be so good and its so cheap to get!  For entrees, Leslie got the fish and chips and I got the burger.  The burger was pretty good but I loved the garlic fries.  I could have just eaten fries and popcorn the entire time and be happy.  Leslie loved her fish and chips.Since Leslie is a beer fan, she went all out on the menu.  I like beer, especially belgian beer and its nice to see that they have a huge selection of it.  I'm interested in trying one of their fruit beers the next time I go.  The big surprise of the meal and probably the best drink in the place is the Spiked Ginger Lemonade!  Homemade lemonade and ginger ale over vodka...it was AMAZING...you can barely taste the vodka in it.  Plus, I ordered the pint and got a pretty good buzz over it!From what I can remember, Leslie mentioned the mac and cheese and the dessert is really good too.  Guess I'm gonna have to make multiple trips to try out the rest of the menu!
<review# 1358,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2010,1/15/2011,349,547,10,7,11>I'm breakin' all the rules and giving five stars after a single visit, because holy hell, did I have a great time here last night. I've been dying to go since it opened in the spring, but I have a hard time convincing my pals to tear themselves away from the Highlands. I finally found a few pals who were willing to come, and thank goodness. Hopefully it won't be long before I'm back.I'm giving five stars despite the ten dollar cover, which is a little rich for my blood. I didn't even care. (That said, after spending ten bucks at the door, I'm disinclined to spend the same amount at the bar; alas, I had plenty of vodka and grapefruit juice before arriving. Folks that, like me, aren't so flush should pregame accordingly.) We tried to negotiate at the door, but they weren't havin' it. That said, there was a list of folks' names that did get reduced or free cover. Not sure how you get on there, but might be worth looking into. You probably have to know someone, or at least be a little cooler than I am.The music here is absolutely amazing--I get so tired of hearing the same top 40s shit at the clubs in midtown, and even my fav indie clubs tend to spin mostly the same shit. Last night, the DJ was playing a great mix of Afro beats, dubstep, jazzy stuff, and latiny influenced music that was so awesome and so dance-y. I haven't had so much fun out in quite a while.Sound Table, you have my heart. Let's get married. Maybe then I'll get in for free.
<review# 1359,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2010,1/14/2011,489,857,21,12,14>Come join the Jeju sauna cult. Once you enter, you won't need to leave. They provide all your essentials (at a price): food, exercise equipment, massage, wifi, showers, sleeping areas, etc. They even give you uniform to wear so you can be part of the hive mind.I didn't take advantage of the 24 hour time limit that I had. I only stayed for about 4-5 hours. This is a sauna, not a bathhouse. There are about 7-8 different saunas you can go into, each with their own variations. Each sauna had descriptions on its magical properties that it possessed. For example, the gold/silver sauna claimed it can cure poison or something. So if you get bit by a black mamba, make sure to rush over to Jeju Sauna and get into the gold/silver room. Then you'll be all good.I do admit, you can relax quite well here. You can sleep almost anywhere. And there are therapeutic values from going into cold/hot baths and saunas. My only complaint is the price inside the utopian society. The massages and food cost a lot more than usual. I got the foot massage. It felt like they were going to dislocate my toes, but it was relaxing at the same time. Weird. It was relaxing, but I don't know if it was worth $50 + tip.  I think this is a great, relaxing place to chill. Make sure to drink a lot of water so you won't dehydrate yourself. And make sure to cool down after each sauna session so you won't overheat. After a few hours at Jeju Sauna, you'll sleep like a log when you go to sleep later that night.
<review# 1360,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2010,1/13/2011,77,125,12,14,8>Fancy-shmancy! It was all rehearsed. "Watch your step, ma'am." Alrighty, will do! You know you are at a fancy restaurant when the servers carry crumbers to whisk away those pesky little food droppings that absolutely RUIN the white tablecloth. I had to use the restroom twice while I was here. A different employee showed me how to get there both times-- but get this-- they actually WALKED me there. None of that, "You go around the corner here and hang a right." It was, "Let me guide you." One time I really thought the lady was going to follow me in there and flush the toilet for me when I was done. It was kinda awkward. Like I kept looking over my shoulder like, is she going to walk away now? I digress. We got down on the $25 3-course meal deal from Buckhead Restaurant Week. I ordered the fillet and they overcooked it, but not to worry because they corrected that immediately.  I am very picky about my cocktail drinks and our server Courtney did everything in his power to make sure they were just the way I liked them. The food... honestly, I've had much, much better. The steak was very decent but served in a brown gravy sauce (who DOES that??). The creamed spinach and mashed potatoes were just okay. I've heard raves about the lobster mac and cheese, so we also decided to try that. Huge disappointment. The pasta was dry and frankly it didn't resemble mac and cheese at all. Just some crusty noodles in a thin cheese-colored (not flavored) mixture. For desert I got the espresso cake which was very delicious. Overall... this place has a great atmosphere and superb service (hence the 4 stars) but for the prices on the menu I expected more out of the food... I mean, it doesn't have to knock my socks out but at least can you make my toes curl a little?
<review# 1361,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/14/2010,1/12/2011,223,140,,7,5>Since I like midtown west, I decided to stop into Yeah! Burger. I had heard about the soft opening from friends and opted out due to other obligations.I went after the lunch rush so I could check it out without the overwhelming crowds that tend to follow "the new spot". Walked up to the bar, and ordered a bison burger on wheat with bacon and blue cheese and the fries. Seemed like a decent combo to me. Here was the minor hiccup, inadvertently added bottled water, which on the menu showed as $1.75, but was actually billed out at $2. On top of that, it was a TINY bottle. I opted for the Chattahoochee special on tap at the drink machine, for free. Took them a little while to back out the transaction and redo, they were very cool about it all.The burger itself was big and juicy the bun and the other fixings blended well to make one tasty burger. Wish I had ordered a larger portion of fries, I was digging those.Big UP to them for having free wifi on site. Was sitting down and knocked out a few expense reports.I'd like to give Yeah! another try soon. Although I'm a tad gunshy because of the priciness of their food. $14 for a burger and fries, with no drink (save water), is pretty steep.
<review# 1362,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/6/2010,1/11/2011,787,655,,17,12>Yep I was a threading virgin up until a few weeks ago when I went in for my bi-weekly wax.  The brow tech that saw me said she didn't do waxes only threading..so I begrudgingly obliged to get mine threaded. I didn't know what to expect at all, but you lie back in the chair and hold your eyelid and forehead taught as they thread. This was a bit odd to get used to as you. Unlike waxing where it's over in one swift rip the threading process was a bit painful. Although usually after getting waxed my  brows are red and a bit puffy, it didn't happen with the threading at all! Shenna (not sure I have the spelling correct) is awesome and I would definitely recommend seeing her as my brows came out awesome, and for $7 you can't beat it!
<review# 1363,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2010,1/10/2011,216,468,7,8,6>Toot toot...that's the sound of the band wagon, and me jumping right up on it. I'm riding it all the way to heaven at Lottafrutta. I finally got to try this place out, tagging along with regular fruit-lover Zack E. (You know this guy is a regular when he walks into a place and is greeted with, "Hey Zack, the regular today?" I bow in his presence.)The fruit here is so fresh and sweet and refreshing. I wish I lived closer, I'd be here all the time -- maybe they'd even remember me and start my order when I walk in the front door, too. I tried the Dolce Vitta fruit cup: apple, banana, grapes, kiwi, mango, melon, orange, pineapple, and watermelon with vanilla yogurt, granola and honey on top. Ay caramba! So good.In addition, I tried one of the bite-sized cachito con huevo breaksfast sandwiches. I liked the spicy scrambled eggs with the ham. Very tasty. Gotta love'a da Lottafrutta. =)
<review# 1364,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2010,1/9/2011,144,95,16,10,11>A storefront manifestation of my Dead Poets Society fantasy but better:  all the boys that work here look like rosy-cheeked schoolboys with a side of ironic wit and great record collections.  And i'm the guidance counselor and i need to see you in my office.  Just kidding.  (not really)Seriously, my first stop when I go shopping for my favorite man.  You can go as far as you'd like when getting your grown-man on with impeccably tailored suits and serious coats.   But  you can also just summer-school it with a reasonably priced polo and some fetching socks.  For all of the 'lady in the street, freak in the bed' feminine dichotomy that's foisted onto us girls from day one, Sid Mashburn helps me understand my own masculine projections.  I like the buttoned-down gentlemanly feel with an undercurrent of cheeky naughtiness.  Boys, you look good in this stuff.
<review# 1365,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2010,1/8/2011,94,68,4,9,8>I'm completely smitten!   TeaFuse is exactly what the Vinings Jubilee has needed for quite sometime.  Ever since the old paper shop closed down, the deserted building was in desperate need for some TLC and a product worthy of gracing the prime-time real estate store front.  I can hardly think of anything better than a specialty tea shop.  Anyone who knows me simi-well can sense my passion for tea oozing out of my ears from miles away...so imagine my sheer delight when I discovered that TeaFuse has taken over!  There are about 60 different loose leaf teas to choose from, including: chocolate chai, black forest, guava, lavender, chrysanthemum leaf (disk), peach, bubblegum, Irish breakfast, and a smoked green tea, just to name a few.  The prices are much more friendly (read: cheaper) than Teavana, and teas are sold by the ounce or even by the half ounce (for more expensive varieties).  It's obvious that the owner is passionate and knowledgeable about all kinds of tea, and she was very helpful at making flavor suggestions.  I ended up going with Brazilian Guava and she also made me a special blend of silver needle white tea and lavender.  Both are great!  In addition to loose leaf teas, hot tea, iced tea, bubble tea (yes, bubble tea), scones with lemon curd & clotted cream, munchies, cookies, etc are also available for purchase.  I have yet to try any of the scones or bubble tea, but I can't wait to go back and have a tea party!  For now, it's 2 thumbs up and 5 stars!  Yay tea!!!
<review# 1366,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2010,1/7/2011,113,184,21,3,8>Back when I was single, I would have done all sorts of naughty things to this man's popsicle.  But I'm not, so instead I roll up to the EAV Farmer's Market with the husband and stroller and buy a pop for my baby girl.  Got the Blueberry Watermelon, which we shared since she just does a few bites.  4 stars for the popsicle, +1 for the King.
<review# 1367,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2010,1/6/2011,213,662,5,6,8>I'm floating among the stars after finding the perfect occasion dress at Mooncake. It's a sleeveless v-neck leopard print number that hits above the knee but not too high. (I'm transitioning away from the super shortness only appropriate for ages 25 and under.) Although the dress is by Trashy Diva, I feel like the brand name doesn't adequately convey its edgy timelessness. After all, animal prints are forever, as are thin black belts that cinch the waist. The staff members were wonderful, too. The owner Janet ooo-ed over how great the dress looks on me (sorry to be immodest, but it does), and the cashier seemed excited for my Scoutmob deal. I also overheard another patron in the middle of an alteration appointment just outside the dressing room; clearly, the staff will go to the moon and back to help achieve the right fit. Mooncake is a splurge, but the beautiful quality clothes and attentive staff explain the prices. Even the not-for-sale sculptures add to the shopping experience. I don't expect to look like a trashy diva in my dress.
<review# 1368,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/10/2010,1/5/2011,245,510,4,8,5>Plain and simple, this cupcake shop rocks all cupcake shops for one reason:  the icing.  Thanks to Scoutmob, I came back for more of these gems.  If you like that super sweet, sugar loaded, gobbed on icing that takes up 80% of the actual cupcake and puts you into diabetic shock, this place won't be for you.  If you like to feel like you can still walk and properly function after eating a cupcake, look here.  The icing is light, and only has a hint of sweetness to it, it doesn't overwhelm you.  That's right, a non sweet cupcake.Kudos to Little Cake for understanding it can't be all Pixie Sticks and Fun Dip all the time...
<review# 1369,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2010,1/3/2011,193,304,9,9,8>Currently if you want Northern Chinese cuisine specializing in buns, noodles, cleanly prepared beef/pork organ side dishes, dumplings, cruellers, meat/leek pies and so forth you choose between Chef Liu and this place.  After a number of visits to both places over time I've come to like Northern China Eatery more.  Freshly fried house-made cruellers wrapped in egg crepe, with a spicy tangy sauce, are crunchy and fluffy at the same time, addictive and vastly satisfying, great for breakfast.  "Chicken Salad" is my favorite starter to open up the appetite, simply prepared but very well seasoned, with a beautiful balance between the crisp refreshing cucumbers, savory soy sauce, pungent white peppers, chewy and sticky clear noodles, and the shredded chicken.  Love it.  The meat pie has tasty, crispy but chewy crust, and juicy nicely flavored meat.  Scallion flatbread gets made to order, great taste!  XLB has ample soup inside, which is better than Chef Liu's.  The broth is good, though the skin is a bit too thick, and the filling is simple rather than delicate.  Overall, solid stuff.  Assorted organ side dishes are prevalent here as in Chef Liu's.  I prefer more involved preparations with sauces and so forth, in other word Southern Chinese style.  These are mostly a bit bland.  The same thing is felt about the noodles with sesame paste.  I had beef penis hot pot here yesterday.  You read that right.  It was interesting and definitely uncommon.  The dish itself was quite austere with just tofu and cabbage.  Broth is clean with noticeable level of white pepper, not bad nor amazing.  The organ was cut into bite sized chunks and resembled tendon in both look and texture.  Very jelly like.  I came with some adventurous dudes as only one out of the 4 of us refused to eat it.  The taste was mildly minerally and not exactly all that great.  Well, it's not like the people who swore by this dish really emphasize how tasty it is, ha ha.  Don't think they are serving it at Holeman and Finch any time soon.  It's cheap.  And a hole in the wall behind a shady "spa" (I saw a police went in there one time).  There's a soda dispenser but they have no soda.
<review# 1370,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2010,1/2/2011,1969,871,4,10,7>Love the name! Love the location! Love the concept! New restaurant still working out some of the kinks! Way to noisy! Please add some sound damping material on the ceiling! I'm very happy to have a True Seafood Restaurant in the area! The place was busy on a Friday night! Server was great! The people delivering the food need some training, he didn't know what he was doing and almost knocked everything over on the table. The person making drinks needs to be properly trained to design and build a drink to taste correct in the appropriate sized glass.(not enough vodka LOL!)1 dozen oysters $12 was a great deal, overall the prices were great! Cornbread excellent, Watermelon soup needs a lot of work!Halibut, Ivory Salmon, Shrimp & Grits were excellent! Sides Jalapeno Cornbread Pudding was good, a little to hot for my taste buds. Corn on the Cobb was just OK! The potatoes were some of the best cooked I've ever had! Owner/Chef came over to the table was genuinely interested in our opinion, told him about the drink issue and he fixed it immediately!We will definitely be back!
<review# 1371,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2010,1/1/2011,789,691,,16,7>$29 for their 3-course meal. And Market does it right. First, the prix-fixe choices feature some of their best dishes - not everyone does this. Second, you're getting a great deal b/c if you add up the prices separately for each course, you'll go over $29 - and sadly for people who don't catch this, sometimes you're really not getting a good deal, or maybe you save just $1. I calculated that my dinner value was $39. Yeah, odd stuff like this makes me feel good :) And the big bonus was my 50% off Scoutmob coupon - which means we paid just $14.50 for a 3-course meal valued at $39. Now I REALLY feel good :) But seriously thanks to Scoutmob for adding Market to my consideration set b/c I usu. don't dine at hotel restaurants. And based on last night's dinner, you can bet I'll be back :)FIRST COURSE: HEART OF ROMAINE SALAD ($9)Wow, this was one of the prettiest salads I'd seen. Very colorful. Unexpected just b/c the name of the salad sounds boring. Loved the variety of vegetables in my salad - it also had arugula, avocado, grape tomatoes, radish, & SPICY corn vinaigrette. My friend & I are both accustomed to spicy foods but this dressing was surprisingly VERY spicy. Still, very tasty salad - I'd just recommend slightly less dressing on the salad b/c it tasted a little on the salty side. Oh - and the portion was very generous. I could see myself ordering this again as an entree salad for lunch, along with their yummy complimentary ciabatta bread :) SECOND COURSE: SEARED SCALLOPS ($23)Loved the presentation of this dish, too. Lots of green - green peas, snow peas, and lots of snap peas. And crispy bacon (bonus). Scallops were perfect (although again, slightly on the salty side). All the assorted peas were perfect. Portion looks deceivingly small b/c I got full pretty fast ... might also have something to do with the generous sized romaine salad. I also tried my friend's "Roasted Organic Chicken" ($19) which also had lots of green - this time, green beans & snap peas. First thing I noticed was the overly generous sized chicken - definitely enough for 2 meals. Chicken was very flavorful & tender - again, a little too salty for me although not so bad with all those summer vegetables. Loved the colors here, too.THIRD COURSE:WARM VALRHONA CHOCOLATE CAKE W/ TAHITIAN VANILLA ICE CREAM ($7) andSOUR CREAM CHEESE W/ BLUEBERRY COMPOTE & APRICOT SORBET ($7)We shared desserts, and the desserts complemented each other perfectly. I'd order both again in a heartbeat - and I thought the big standout was the apricot sorbet. YUM!!Overall 4 stars (4.5 if there was less salt) - beautiful presentation, delicious food, great service, great deal (thanks Scoutmob), nice ambience. We saw several people dining alone - assume they were hotel residents. I'd definitely come back - I'm curious about their "warm goat cheese custard" b/c our server raved about it and said it was the only one of its kind in Atlanta. FYI - valet is complimentary up to 3 hrs with validation. When you're ready to pick up your car, go to the window just past the drop-off point to hand them your ticket. Valet service was slow but expect a longer wait if you don't go to the window.
<review# 1372,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2010,12/31/2010,357,369,22,25,26>I had reservations about coming here.  I don't really have any business being in a honky tonk establishment. The gentleman in the parking lot who greeted me with a military salute melted aforementioned reservations away.This place is so legit, it makes my little black heart sing.  I had such a genuinely great time, dancing to the live band, finding confetti in my boots, singing loudly along to the only two songs I knew, and splitting my tight ass jeans on the dance floor [not from dancing, but from squatting. Long story].The servers and other patrons didn't raise an eyebrow at our large group and some even joined in on the revelry.  It was all just wonderfully laid back and celebratory.  Cheap drinks, loud live music, and locals who don't give a damn.  Sign. me. up.
<review# 1373,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2010,12/30/2010,354,392,4,10,6>I decided to make my already wedding-complicated life even more insane by throwing my sweets and his best friend a birthday party.  I had heard you can rent certain parts of the bar for free, and that is indeed  true.  I put my name down for the small room upstairs called, "The Eagle's Nest."  It was perfect- it fits about 30 people, has a big TV with cable, and you can bring in decor, music, special desserts ( I made GF vegan cupcakes for the birthday boys) and have the room all to yourself.  The waiter was fan-freaking-tastic, and made sure everyone got what they wanted lickety split.   He allowed us to split up the large check, but we used mostly cash so he wouldn't have to deal with a handful of credit cards.  The guys had a wonderful night, and I would definitely recommend the special rooms for a laid back drankin' party- after all, the price was right!
<review# 1374,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2010,12/29/2010,64,208,,7,4>Two Words - Tuna Kimbap ($3.50) - As the others have stated, it is really delicious! I was a little skeptical at first, but when I tried it, I couldn't get enough. It's tuna salad filled with rice and veggies, but what gave it extra flavor was the sesame leaf.  So delicious, that I ordered one to go for later. My friend ordered the cheese kimbap ($3.50) She liked it a lot that she ordered one to go as well. It is filled with sliced yellow sandwich cheese, cream cheese, rice, and veggies.  We also shared the kim chi udon ($6.99). It is def enough for 2 people.  I  tried the ramyun ($4.99) and it was okay.  We ordered 10 pc wings ($6.99)  They were very crispy and the sauce comes on the side. They were okay.   I also ordered  bulgogi kimbap ($3.50) and ddukboki-feeds 2 -($7.99) to go for my husband. He was very pleased.Lots of people were picking up food during lunch time.  It is a small place and fills quickly.  The rolls range from $2.99-$3.99.  They have combo deals, fried rice, and soon dae.  Very Korean Style place with the K drama on the flat screen and the music blaring.  Colorful and cute drawings are all around the place. Almost, made me feel like I was in Korea.Def a great place to go for fast food Korean at good prices.  Similar food to Don Quixote, but so much better!! I'll be back for more tuna kimbab!
<review# 1375,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2010,12/28/2010,296,419,8,10,6>"What the pho?""What did you say to me pho-eater?""I'll pho you up!""Shut the pho-up!"Ok...haha enough with the pho jokes.....I got a little carried away. Today I was feeling a little under the weather and decided to eat chicken pho. Some people eat chicken noodle soup....I eat chicken pho.I ordered a small chicken pho. Even for a small size, they give pretty generous portions. The pho was very neat in appearance (Meaning it didn't look like it had a lot of fat swimming around in the broth) and the broth tasted very clean. The chicken they served was white meat. The total for just a small pho with tax was $6.15.I also ordered bun-mi sandwiches which is basically a french roll with a choice of chicken, beef or pork. The sandwiches are only $2.50 each and they are pretty big....maybe a little too much bread for my liking.Overall, I like the place. Lots of Vietnamese people eat here but don't worry the server knows how to speak English. Come check it out.
<review# 1376,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/23/2009,12/27/2010,94,110,3,8,9>I am picky when it comes to lots of things, coffee included.  I also like my purchases to support ethical, community-conscious businesses.  Thousand Hills not only supports coffee farmers in Rwanda, but the coffee is awesomely good.  They get the coffee beans from the folks in Rwanda, and then roast and bag them here for sale.  I wasn't sure which kind of coffee to purchase, and the staff - who clearly know coffee - took the time not only to find out what my picky taste buds might prefer, but when it wasn't in stock, they called across the street to their roasting house and had a fresh bag brought over for me in less than 5 minutes.  My preferred coffee is the Bohoro Bohoro, which is a dark roast that is perfect for both my morning coffee and my espresso machine.  It is smooth and deep without a burnt or bitter taste.  Heavenly.  I'm having a cup as we speak.Go, check them out!  They also sell cool t-shirts with their motto: Drink Coffee. Do Good.  Two of my fave things in the world!  Drinking coffee and doing good.  So glad I found this place - they get my coffee-buying business from now on.
<review# 1377,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/28/2010,12/26/2010,629,185,4,6,6>I love this neighborhood dive. At first look, this place isn't the most attractive, especially not for a younger crowd when there's other pubs and bars around the corner. However, as soon as you walk in you're greeted by great music, disco balls, and a very cool atmosphere. It attracts an older crowd, but everyone is nice and wants to have a great time.Shoutouts to Ms. Regina, who I believe is the owner/ manager of the bar. She always greets you with a smile and makes sure you're enjoying your night. Beware/you MUST try the Friends' Cherry Bombs. They sit quietly at the corner of the bar in a huge clear dispenser. They may look like harmless cherries you'd put in a Shirley Temple.. but damn, these won't compliment your night... they'll START them. Believe that!
<review# 1378,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2010,12/25/2010,47,124,5,8,5>Definitely a unique dining experience!  The restaurant is located in a small office building off of Roswell Road.  They offer both patio and inside seating- and I'm assuming the patio has heaters because people we out there last night and it was 30 degrees, brr!!!!We started with a bottle of sauvignon blanc recommended by our server Zach- it was an authentic South African wine.  For dinner I had the special, ostrich served with mashed potatoes and snow peas- very good! Ostrich is compared to venison, which is usually pretty gamey, but this was cooked in a red wine reduction with rosemary- very flavorful!!For dessert we split the chocolate lava cake (with an extra scoop of ice cream)- as the manager would say "this cake is very BIG, not like other restaurants"- and he was right, it was the perfect size :-)After dinner we headed to the bar for one more drink since a whole bottle of wine wasn't enough!  There was a guy playing live music and he even took my request for a Christmas song!I definitely recommend 10 Degrees South for a unique date night!
<review# 1379,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/6/2010,12/24/2010,474,1389,7,18,8>Even though we moved in December, and we're only 1.5 miles from Northside, I opted to stick with my doctor and have the little one at Piedmont.  We'd heard from some others who'd had children at both that they preferred Piedmont.  The nurses were great, but I'm pretty sure that we got special treatment, since there was practically no one in L&D over Thanksgiving.  Our son was sent back to the transition nursery for some care, since there were only 4 babies born that day, and the transition nurses had little to do.  The rooms were comfortable enough, though Jimmy would probably disagree since he slept on the armchair that folded out to a bed only slightly larger than the first-class lie-flat beds on the 777.  Being a little stir-crazy, I ended up doing several laps up and down the hallway to get the blood flowing in my legs.  The rooms on the other side of the hallway were larger, and a had a glider in each room - I think for families, as opposed to couples having their first child.Dining Service was decent - good amount of selection, but none of it sounded all that appealing to me.  The fried chicken salad was a little on the soggy side.  The pork tenderloin was not tender and was somewhat dry, despite the gravy.  The green beans were completely bland.  Yes, I know that if they're preparing it for all kinds of patients, they have to keep it healthy, and I guess it's my fault for not asking for some hot sauce or something to give it flavor... but yeah, they tasted like they came straight from one of those steamer bags.  The first omelet I had was decent, but the second was overcooked.  The hash browns were soft and bland.  I was most impressed to have received a feedback survey in the mail within 2 business days, and a follow up phone-call within a week, making sure that I'd made my follow up appointments and understood all the discharge instructions.
<review# 1380,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2010,12/23/2010,98,509,13,8,5>I'm a fan of the pretentious clientele of this place. When I want to go to brunch with people that look as good on Sunday morning as they did on Saturday night, this is the place I go. When you have valet parking for brunch you know you'll be dining with couples rolling in the Land Rovers and 5 series Beemers.Always a wait on Sunday mornings, but I tend to hover around and steal a few bar seats and eat there. The main chick behind the bar needs to smile more and learn to be friendly, but that's the only negative about this place.Great fresh food. The cinnamon toast is a must buy! Everything I've had here for brunch has been delightful.If you like mimosas the ones here are friggin huge. One Champagne bottle is used for only 4 mimosas. Try not to crash your Mini Cooper on the way home!Scoutmob has a 50% off deal here as well! Props to them!
<review# 1381,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2010,12/22/2010,131,242,9,4,3>chenjeh wrap + warm flatbreads and garnishes + hot chicks = this place can wrap my chenjeh anytime!it was a beef tenderloin wrap... nice, moist, and flavorful... just what a man likes.  it came with a side salad that had a really nice zesty dressing (I couldn't figure out what it was though)complimentary flatbreads came with cheese, butter, and garnishes... I could sit there all day and munch.... nom nom nom fo sheezywaitress was cute and hostess was hot... done
<review# 1382,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2010,12/20/2010,122,249,4,8,4>We came to Parker's for the hubs' birthday. And it just happened to coincide with the Parker's 2nd anniversary prix fixe dinner. The prix fixe came with salad (house or Caesar), entree (steak, chicken, salmon, or rigatoni), and choice of dessert (bread pudding or cheesecake)- all for $20 each! Our table of 5 all picked the prix fixe option since it was more affordable. Man, by the end of the meal, we were all STUFFED! I ordered the rigatoni, which was in a tomato based sauce with roasted eggplant, SMOKED mozzarella, Parmesan, and basil. It was vegetarian, but delicious. It was really good, as everything just melded together very well. The roasted eggplant and smoked mozzarella were especially nice. (My husband actually swooned over the mozzarella). The desserts were exceptional too- full size serving of bread pudding or cheesecake with banana foster. I was so full by this point, I only had 2 bites of my cheesecake. It was yummy, and not too heavy (like many other cheesecakes). I think I'm going to eat the rest tonight! Oh, and Parker's has half off whole bottle of wines on Wednesday, and half off draft beers on Tuesday. Man... we have to go back. Who wants to come with? :)
<review# 1383,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/21/2010,12/19/2010,110,152,3,9,5>Ahhhh~  That's what you'll be saying when you're laying on the table for Emily J's facial service.  Wow.  You get a lot of bang for your buck.  I got a facial a couple of days before a makeup session with Emily.  The facial is freaking awesome.  You get a facial cleanse, facial massage, super vitamin C treatment, some type of ultrasound like treatment (to minimize wrinkles and tighten your skin), and one other treatment that I don't know the name of.  On top of that your neck and shoulders are massaged and they put warm compression boots on your legs.  After an hour my skin looked like a glowing baby's butt.  =)The makeup services also can't be topped.  Emily is a genius!  We took our engagement pictures on THE hottest day of the year (mid-July).  I didn't have to touch up once throughout the entire day.  Amazing.  I received so many compliments on the engagement pictures that I used her for my wedding day as well.  If you go to her, just make sure she doesn't make your skin too light (Koreans love white skin, so I think she's accustomed to making you slightly lighter than usual).  =)
<review# 1384,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/1/2010,12/18/2010,59,265,,9,6>Punjab BBQ and Grill opened its doors about three weeks ago, having bought out Puri's Bakery from its previous owners. Out with the old, in with the new, I suppose.Puri's vegetarian buffet has made way for Punjab BBQ's full spread of veg and nonveg dishes. Puri's limited menu of chaat, thali, sandwich, and quiche offerings has made way for a much fuller (and really quite inexpensive) Indo-Pak menu, with $3.99 chaat and under-$6 entrees. And Puri's extensive menu of cakes, cookies, pastries, and flans has made way for a display case of (unfortunately) pre-packaged Indo-Pak treats, including jalebi, barfi, balushahi, and the like.The Punjabi lunch buffet (Tuesday-Friday) runs $7.99 a head, and it's definitely worth the money. The offerings are quite extensive, including something like five meat dishes (when I went, mostly chicken, along with a kabob dish), a pulao (again, with chicken), four vegetarian dishes, pakora, steamed rice, dessert (when I went, kheer), and a spread of the usual lime, onion, dahi, and chutneys. What a deal.The food is flavorful (maybe a bit on the greasy and salty side) and fresh (a guy in the back makes small pans of each dish, one at a time, and runs them straight out to the buffet station). It's a little unfortunate, however, that meals are served with a sort of mediocre naan; they don't start baking them until you ask, but they come out a bit doughy and yeasty. I'm hoping this was just a fluke.The buffet is served on real plates (albeit a bit small), with ceramic ramekins and metal cutlery, which is a nice change from the Styrofoam at Puri's. The buffet station is a bit easier to access than before, though you still have to fumble around with large plastic lids. Service is friendly enough, though probably not as attentive as that of the previous management. The interior is still pretty much the same.All in all, a great buffet. It's quite a change from the buffet at Puri's -- meatier, saltier, and greasier -- but what else would you expect from Punjabi cuisine? And $3.99 chaats? I didn't order off the menu, but I saw a great-looking bhel puri come out of the kitchen for another customer. Awesome deal. (Around Decatur, chaat's only that cheap when there's a special going on.)Some additional details: Signs indicate that there's free wireless. They close up shop on Mondays. There are brunch specials on the weekend. I think there might be a dinner buffet on Saturdays. Food is halal. There are some coupons on their website.I'll echo the words Navi and Anupam Puri left on their now-defunct website and "encourage you to visit the cafe to enjoy the culinary creations and hospitality of the new owners."
<review# 1385,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2009,12/17/2010,89,621,2,4,4>I found myself in this part of town a lot during October & November, as I was car shopping. I had heard a lot about Muss & Turner's, but you know how it is to drive OTP, if you don't have to, you just don't! I must say, I was very happy that we took the time ti find it!! I will start of by saying it's expensive! Yes, I know they use high quality, local, organic, blah, blah, blah, but it's expensive! That being said, it's really good! It might be a good thing that this is such a trek for me or the fries could have a serious effect on my bank account! They were good, very good as was my sandwich and the cookies.To me this place was a really good sandwich shop, that has beer & wine. They also have a lovely patio but it overlooks the parking lot. I know that when I find myself in this area, I will make a point to stop at M&T!!
<review# 1386,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/1/2010,12/16/2010,15,85,7,13,11>Before I jump into the snobby end of this review, let me get the pedantic details out of the way: I like this place, a lot. It has a vibrant atmosphere, while still being conducive to doing work (very important for people like me that do all their work in coffee shops.) The staff is friendly and knowledgable, more on that later. The customer base is a perfect combination of socializing and being productive. The coffee is great, but that's due to several factors, which we'll delve into momentarily. My only gripe, similar to Katherine M.'s is that they are getting awfully close to the commercialism of a Starbucks with the extent of retail items they have. However, those retail items are very high quality coffee products (as opposed to stuffed animals and vanilla syrup), which redeems DG slightly. Ok, on to the snobbery, if you care to read it!Here's my take on coffee: it's just coffee, it's not world peace, so don't hinge your life on being the best, but it's really cool to do things right. As a former barista, I know a fair amount about coffee, and I hold coffee shops to a pretty high standard. (Because it's fun to have such standards, not because I think perfect coffee is the be all end all of the universe). A Batdorf & Bronson coffee shop pretty much tops the charts on coffee snobbery, so let's see how they stack up:My first major test is the cappuccino test. A true-to-Italy cappuccino is an 8-10 oz drink, espresso with steamed milk. All the shenanigans about foam vs. no foam is crap. The proportion of espresso to milk is roughly equal, slightly more milk than coffee. That's the point of a cappuccino - the espresso taste isn't buried under a bunch of milk, but it's toned down enough for those of us who don't like straight espresso. Thus, in my book, a truly great coffee shop will only serve one size of cappuccino. Anything larger becomes a latte. So - Dancing Goats passes the first test on that. Test #2 - Automatic, semi-automatic or fully manual? Espresso machines typically come in three varieties, which in turn make baristas come in three varieties. An automatic machine delivers an predetermined amount of espresso-grind coffee, runs a predetermined amount of water through it, and produces identical shots at the press of a button. Example: Starbucks. Semi-automatic machines require the barista to pack the espresso properly, which takes some attention, depending on humidity and air temperature of wherever one is making the espresso. The machine runs a predetermined amount of water through the espresso, although the barista can cut it off preemptively. A fully manual machine means that the barista packs the espresso, then turns on the water and watches as the shot comes out for the exact moment to cut off the water. It takes a fair amount of skill to make consistant shots this way, because every shot is a little different, might take more or less water, might need to be packed tighter, etc. DG has a fully manual machine, so A+ on this test.Test #3 - flexibility. Once it's clear that these guys know what their doing, I like to test how serious they are about doing things "their way." I've noticed that a certain west-side coffee shop is pretty hardcore about not varying from their norms, which is sort of obnoxious. That's cool, but I like to see that baristas can just roll with things and give people the coffee that they want. (If someone wants a 4-shot large cappuccino, just give it to 'em, right?) After getting my plain old cappuccino, I asked for one with brown sugar put in the bottom of the cup, so it melts when the espresso is poured over it. So yummy. Now a hardcore coffee snob would not be excited about doing this, but it seems like a pretty standard operation at DG. I approve.Test #4 - barista knowledge. Now I haven't really "talked shop" with the folks at DG, but I did overhear one of the baristas asking a fellow barista to explain the Chemex filters  to a customer who was buying some (which they sell, along with the Chemex pots.) If you really want to be the top of coffee snobbery, your baristas really need to know the ins and outs of such a crucial piece of the coffee snob arsenal. So I think they need to do a little more training on the plain coffee and retail side, but it seems like their espresso knowledge is generally top notch.Overall, DG does fulfills the role of a coffee snob's wet dream, without the full pretentiousness that I was sort of expecting. I could tell there are plenty of customers that just want their nonfat vanilla latte to go and don't give a crap about the 'science' of espresso or any of that. But for those that want to come in learn, or show off their own knowledge, the crew at DG can definitely handle that with out sounding like a bunch of smug creeps. Bravo, Dancing Goat, bravo.(I think I'll have to write a book one day called "Tales from a Coffee Snob." This review will likely be one of the first chapters
<review# 1387,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/14/2010,12/15/2010,158,678,6,5,4>Omigosh, I had barbeque sauce dripping down my arms and you know what? I didn't care. I was going to munch on that sucker until my stomach said no more. And munch I did. I was also pleased with the tots - if you know me, you know that once your menu says tots I'm so on it like, well, ketchup on a tot. So crispy!I loved the patio area outside as well. It was great to enjoy the gorgeous fall evenings we're having lately, and while kids were running crazy up and down the sidewalk, there was chalk for them to play with and plenty of watchful parents and pets around to make sure they played safe. Oh and the pets! Water bowls and puppies make for happy smiles while the sauce drips down your arms.Many thanks to Michael D. and Halef G. for taking us here! Was a real treat.
<review# 1388,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2010,12/14/2010,42,48,1,14,14>A few years ago when I heard that Waikikie BBQ was opening in Atlanta, I may have been the happiest person in town.  Having spent many of my summers growing up in Hawaii this is a special type of food that could never be found on the east coast, let alone, the South. Thus, on opening day, I was one of the first to arrive at Waikikie BBQ. Hawaiian BBQ is a style of food heavily influenced by Polynesian and Japanese cooking.  To me, this is a comfort food.  It reminds me of days spent on the North Shore of Oahu eating outside with friends and family.The restaurant is located  near the intersection of Lavista and Briarcliff Roads. When the place first opened there were not many patrons, but over the past two years the secret has gotten out and now it is consistently busy during lunch and dinner.  Beware, the parking lot is small, and it can be hard to find a parking space when they are busy.  However, there's a little bit of additional parking behind the building.The menu is expansive and diverse, offering traditional Hawaiian dishes such as Kalua Pork, BBQ Short Ribs, Chicken Katsu (with or without pineapple), and even a real Hawaiian specialty, Spam Moco.  If someone in your party isn't quite adventurous enough to try some traditional Hawaiian dishes, fear not, they also offer burgers and fries. As far as side dishes go, the authentic Hawaiian macaroni salad is a must!  It is unlike any macaroni salad you've ever had in Atlanta.I always have a hard time deciding what to order here because there are so many excellent choices, but Combo #3 tends to be my go-to meal.  The meal comes with Chicken Katsu, BBQ Chicken, with rice and macaroni salad.  This is a big meal, it will leave you very satisfied, and it has become my favorite option at Waikikie BBQ.  On this occasion, my friend Scottie was with me and demanded that I give due credit to his favorite option here, Combo #1, the Waikikie Combo. This dish comes with BBQ Beef, BBQ Short Ribs, and BBQ Chicken.  That's a huge meal folks!  As Scottie stated, "there's a reason it's Combo #1, because this dish is #1!"  Waikikie also offers Sno-Balls for desert, and if you've vacationed in Hawaii before, you know these are super popular and delicious.  It's a great way to finish your meal if you're not already too stuffed.Waikikie BBQ offers Atlantans something different and unique for a casual dining option.  They also offer catering, which can really surprise your guests when they are discovering a new type of food and restaurant they'll likely want to try.  We've had them cater a reception before, and the food was just as good as it is in-store.  They also have a beer and wine selection, which is heavily influence by Kona Brewing Company.  Imagine that.  Waikikie Hawaiian BBQ is one of my favorite restaurants in Atlanta, and I don't get here often enough.  You're gonna love it!
<review# 1389,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2010,12/13/2010,85,202,4,4,6>I love Terra! So convenient to the Brookhaven crowd, and a happy surprise in the Blockbuster strip mall. The food is great, every time I am here I try something new and I've never been disappointed. Prices are reasonable too which is great for lunch with friends visiting from out of town or meeting up for dinner! Terra also has weekday specials...one time they had my favorite, roasted chicken, for only $10 on that day's special... Jackpot! I believe the online menu lets you know what the specials for each day are. Really convenient.I noticed some negative comments about service in the below reviews and not sure what happened those times... every time I have gone, we have had knowledgeable and friendly servers. They also tell stories and inform you about special events going on... some wine tastings, beer tastings, etc... so cute! Except I have never been to a special event at Terra because they feel a little heavy on the pocketbook... although dinner and drinks ARE included I believe, $70 for dinner = slightly traumatic for this poorhouse dweller.. I saved the best for last...THE PATIO. OMG OMG OMG. It is the most beautiful thing in the world!!! To the point where my boyfrend and I, slightly tipsy, started discussing how we could have a wedding reception out there. They have heaters, but go on a warm day/night and you'll be better off. It's green, pretty, romantic, and has a waterfall! Did you read the part about how this place was in a strip mall?! Amazing.I've never had to make a reservation here, which is a shame, because they should be THAT busy.
<review# 1390,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2010,12/12/2010,86,144,5,5,6>Wow. Can I write that as my review? No? Well okie then Ill write more. This place, this is the place I have been looking for. I thought I found it in the Brickstore, and then in Twains. But no way. This place is freakin awesome. The beer, the food, the atmosphere, and the location are great. Its not on a crowded street, so you dont have to contend with horrible traffic and such, and the people are all awesome. The staff is great. This place is great. Did I say that yet?I gotta give props to Kathleen for introducing me to this place.
<review# 1391,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2010,12/11/2010,33,123,3,5,3>Alon's is great.  Everything is delicious. Bring lots of money b/c you'll see things you have to have and didn't go there intending to buy. But I write to tell you that Alon's stocks a certain beverage whose name rhymes with "poke" and that is "hecho en mexico."Your favorite fizzy brown addiction avec sucre (not HFCS) mes amis.  oh yes.Don't tell!  Save one for me.
<review# 1392,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/26/2010,12/10/2010,18,60,9,6,6>Just dropped in for drinks. Named after the Miller Union Stockyards that used to occupy the space. Features five distinct rooms, each of which has a different decor--from rustic to modernista. The bar is basic with wide windows that give you a wonderful view of the desolate streetscape of Brady Avenue. As you delicately sip your top-shelf cocktail, you can meditate on how crappy life in the stockyards must have been. Then you can sigh and return to your chatty exchange on the latest celebrity gossip. As we loudly slurred our commentary on the "amazing special effects" in Avatar, I ordered a Manzanilla Sour, a variation on the famous Piscot Sour that is infused with chamomile along with the standard lemon juice and stirred egg whites. Frothy and topped off with a dash of bitters, it provided a potent start to the evening. Other notables included a Hemingway Daiquiri with maraschino liqueur and an Alsatian Pinot Blanc. As it was a Saturday, the bar was noisily commandeered by several Buckhead Betties in mink and leopard prints. Probably better to visit on weeknights, when you can write haunting pomes on the loss of American industry and the apocalypse of white foodie culture...
<review# 1393,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2010,12/9/2010,33,434,4,6,6>Weekday special only, all-you-can-eat cha dol bae gi for $9.99 per person. Cha dol bae gi are thin slices of fatty beef cooked on the grill... They keep bringing out the meat until you beg them to stop. Beg. Them. To. Stop.Also, naengmyun (thin, buckwheat noodle) is $2.99 per person (week day special). The VIP I went with suggested ordering half mul-naengmyun (soup) and half bibim naengmyun (mixed). Guess what. Suggestion was gooooooood.
<review# 1394,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2010,12/8/2010,59,126,4,11,7>Lately I've been prone to eating appetizers or sharing entrees at the bars of nice restaurants. I end up spending less money, the atmosphere is generally more relaxed, and I enjoy chatting with the bartenders, who often provide great service. I also feel more comfortable ordering just 1-2 dishes for two people, as I'm not taking up a whole four top. It's also easy to peace out and hit up another restaurant if you feel like trying something new.Last night I had every intention of getting appetizers at Bacchanalia, then moving on to Miller-Union to do the same thing, but the Bacchanalia portions were very substantial and we ended up full after just two appetizers and a salad.Bacchanalia is generally a $75 prix fixe menu, but if you sit at the bar you can order ala carte. The restaurant was jammed full, but the bar was mostly empty, save for a 15 minute stretch where it was slammed with diners waiting for their tables. We easily found somewhere to sit, perused the drink menu, and asked the bartender, Seth, for a half bottle of Ployez-Jacquemart Champagne. It wasn't stunning, but decent bubbles for under $50 is always a fun start to a meal. But we actually stretched this half bottle out through the whole meal, which ended up taking almost two hours.Considering we were sitting at the bar and only ordering appetizers, I didn't expect that they would offer us the whole routine afforded to those in the dining room. But immediately after we ordered, the bread arrived, then the warm gougères, followed by the cauliflower soup amuse. Shortly after, our appetizers arrived.I had the butter poached lobster in risotto for $16. At first I thought the only lobster in the dish was the claw meat on top, and I wasn't too shocked at that fact considering the locale and the price, but in fact there were five large bite sized pieces underneath the risotto, a pleasant surprise. The dish was probably too buttery (note the slightly coagulated butter ring around the risotto), but the risotto was cooked perfectly al dente, the lobster was wonderful, and the dish was filling and satisfying.Katie got the Yukon gold gnocchi with royal trumpet mushrooms and shaved parmesan, also $16. We liked how the dish was presented in the small country style pot. The gnocchi were very tender, soft and giving to the touch, without being mushy. I really liked the crunchy mushrooms in this dish too. This was also a hearty dish, and a very large portion for an appetizer. Someone was a little heavy handed with the salt, but not to the point were it was a major turn-off.After the appetizers, our salad arrived. It was roasted beets with beet sorbet and amazing goat cheese. I had this dish the first time I came to Bacchanalia a few years ago, so it must be a mainstay on the menu, and for good reason. The beet sorbet is unexpectedly refreshing, the goat cheese is fantastic, and I love how it all mixes up together to create a cold, blood stained cheese and roasted beet mixture. Again, I was surprised at the size of the portion for $12.For dessert we ordered the apple buckle with cardamom ice cream. Though before this arrived, we were served yet another amuse from the kitchen - a candied lemon fizz drink, which was superb.But our dessert was definitely the right choice, I only wish there had been more of the cardamom ice cream. I first had cardamom ice cream at Dynamic Dish, and it blew me away. I'm surprised I don't see this combination more often.At this point we were thoroughly stuffed, but the kitchen kept sending us out "gifts". First came the macaroons, chocolates, and short breads, followed by the warm, puffy madeleines (not pictured). The madeleines pushed me over the top, from full to, OK now we waddle out to the car. But in a great way.I wouldn't go so far as to call this meal cheap, but it was a hell of a value. For two people I spent about $140 with tax and tip, which is less than what I spent for one person on my last visit to Bacchanalia, and I could have easily spent less on alcohol. I also had more fun on this visit - it was less up tight, I got to watch the dining room, chat with Seth, and view the kitchen staff working fervently; I highly recommend visiting this way. And if it's not your thing, just get your check and hit up the next place on the Westside, there's definitely a lot of options these days.
<review# 1395,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2010,12/7/2010,140,214,,6,4>Been here multiple times and each time I still get blown away with the quality of the sushi and the presentation.  Last month we brought some friends here and they too were absolutely amazed at how wonderful the sushi/sashimi was. Some of my favorites: 1. Fried baby octopus appetizer - just absolutely amazing.  Imagine a light crispy batter similar to calamari, but when you bite into it, your mouth is filled with the tenderness and juiciness of fresh baby octopus.  Delicious.2. Sashimi omakase - Beautiful presentation supplements the pure delight that is brought with each sashimi piece.  The last time I ordered this, included were two giant prawns that were so sweet . . . and the assortment of tuna, salmon, red snapper, mackerel, octopus, scallops, and giant clam . . . just thinking about it makes me want to go back now . . . 3. White truffle oil flamed Toro - I can't even think of words to fully describe everything that goes on when you enjoy a piece of this.  Besides being wonderful toro, the white truffle oil and flaming give it this interesting combination of smokiness, but yet intriguingly sophisticated taste.  Of course, you can only enjoy it for so long . . . because the toro practically melts . . . and don't be deceived . . . people definitely win those $100 gift certificates that he gives away . . . in fact, my wife's phone rang and Haya-San left a message congratulating her for winning . . . but then immediately apologizing for the fact that because she didn't pick up, he was going to have to pull another name . . . so she called him back, and he still offered her $25 . . . he knows how to do business! lolanyway . . . hands down the best place for sushi in Atlanta.You can read the reviews, but I'd definitely say you should just go and try it out for yourself.  You won't be disappointed.
<review# 1396,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2010,12/6/2010,104,239,25,16,4>It took me a while to get myself up to write this review.  Why?  Because getting yourself waxed is not fun!  There is nothing warm & fuzzy about it.  I don't have much to compare it to, the whole experience is painful!  So, I have to make sure to remind myself to go back to how I felt the service was, the value, and the overall ambiance.So, you get there, they ask if you have a preferred person.  Nah, they're all gonna cause me pain, gimme who you got.  Each time, I ended up with Lucy - gimme the works, Luce, full body!  If I'm gonna do it, I'm gonna do it!  Takes you into a room, tells you to strip down completely , be back shortly.  I swear, I don't know how they do it.  Your significant other, doctor, even YOU don't get to see your body up close and personal like these people do.  Like others have said, they don't use strips, they just lay on hot wax, let it harden, then let it RIP.  They will apply pressure to the injured spot for a few moments after they are done and you honestly don't even recall that they hurt you a mere 5 seconds previous.The walls are thin.  You can hear other folks whining, crying, talking about a friend who tried to give herself a wax that failed big time and is too embarassed to come back...  After going through it all, you almost feel as if someone should have a room where they give you a hug or something.  The full body is $70.  That includes legs, arms, special parts (front & back).  I've seen some places charge that much just for one calf of your leg.
<review# 1397,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2010,12/5/2010,131,65,,4,7>Johnnie McCracken's is an Irish pub just off the Marietta Square. It has a rich character that adds to the diversity of the area and I think it is probably the coolest bar I know of in the Marietta area.The front room off the main entrance has the main bar. There's a surprisingly large selection of draft beers and ciders. I often get the Smithwick's or Yuengling. I do recall though Adam R. having a difficult time finding something he wanted as everything he picked they were out of. I will admit being disappointed with experiencing that when trying to get a Yuengling. Also Kristine M. was disappointed with the wine selection.The times I have been here there have been good to very good blues trio bands playing in the main room. People often dance in front of the band in what amounts to little more than an aisle between tables. There are acoustic sets there during the week too. The crowd here is diverse but the mainstay is the usual 25 to 35 crowd. People come singly and couples to chat, socialize and to check out the bands. Every time I have gone, I have met someone new and I have even gotten chatted up a couple times (that prospect alone will keep coming back).There are more rooms toward the back of the building offering space for more laid back socializing: there's a smaller bar and there are rooms with sofas and overstuffed chairs that are great for chilling and talking. Even more, a door in the back opens to a large courtyard complete with tiki bar and fire pit. They do serve food however I have never tried it. I will update when I do. Also, be aware they are closed on Sundays.I'm definitely sold on Johnnie McCracken's although they need to keep up the inventory on the popular brews. I look forward to meeting up with friends and meeting new ones here. 3 1/2 stars rounded up to 4 for the friendly character of the place.
<review# 1398,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/22/2010,12/4/2010,212,96,2,7,7>It's Sunday afternoon and I need a hangover fix.  I wanted eat something other than pho as a "hangover remedy" and stumbled across Pita Palace while searching restaurants on Yelp's iPhone App.  The reviews seemed solid and I wanted to try more Eastern European foods since discovering Sheik's Burritos & Kabobs (Piedmont Rd.) over the weekend.The restaurant is in a shopping center right across from Whole Foods on Lavista Rd.  The sign is clearly visible from the road.Upon entering the place, we were greeted by a warm and friendly staff.  The menu is above the register and simply laid out.  Choose your serving size portion: Pita or Plate? Pita is simple and easy for on-the-go.  Plate is a bountiful amount of good eats. Our party each ordered something different so we may nibble from each other.  We ordered the Schwarma Plate, Kebob Pita, and Falafel Plate.  I'd order lamb but it was absent from the menu :(All plate servings come with hummus and baba ghanoush and/or side of fries (regular or spicy).  You may also stock up on their salad bar of raw marinated onions, diced cucumbers, tomatoes, and onions, shredded purple cabbage, kosher pickles, etc. The food was definitely on point and made the long drive in the rain definitely worthwhile. Between the three of us we spent a total of $50. Kinda pricey when you tack on the canned drinks (no refills), which were a necessity after eating mouthfuls of the spicy sauce that accompanied the hummus and baba ghanoush.
<review# 1399,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2010,12/3/2010,433,226,4,9,3>This is definitely as good as it gets when it comes to Taiwanese food in the US. However, I'm not just giving Bento 5 stars simply because it's difficult to find Taiwanese food in the US. Bento actually serves pretty authentic Taiwanese dishes and drinks.Tried the green milk tea with lychee jelly cubes. The jelly cubes are so good! It was pretty sweet, but you can definitely taste the green tea flavor instead of being overwhelmed with milk.The bento nuggets are a must, so delicious, they remind me of eating at  night markets in Taiwan. Bento nuggets are fried pieces of chicken breast meat with really great spice flavoring and basil. I had the pig's feet combo meal. The combo meals come with rice topped with marinated pork, two veggies, and the main dish. The pig's feet are very well flavored and marinated, and it was cooked just right. Soft but not too soft, and just chewy enough. The combo meals are around 7 to 9 dollars.For those less adventurous, they have a lot of tame options as well, such as Taiwanese style fried chicken cutlet over rice, beef stew over rice, curry chicken over rice... etc. They have some noodle dishes, and a ton of little appetizers.I will definitely become a regular at Bento! Prices are very reasonable for the portion size. Service was very friendly. Food preparation time was adequate.
<review# 1400,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2010,12/2/2010,34,78,2,4,4>I have to give this place a 4 stars for porch alone. There is something quite remarkable about relaxing the day away over a beer and a few hundred gravestones spread before you. Love love it. With that said, the food is slightly better than average and there are some bright stars in the bunch. One of my favorites is the Big Tuna. If you are not a sushi eater be warned, it is intentionally undercooked. That is exactly what makes this plate of tuna (it will fill you up) so wonderful. Also included is a wasabi sauce with a nice complimentary bite. I also enjoy the spinach salad with the warm bacon dressing, the Chicken Fajita Soup, and anything that has scallops or shrimp in it. Definitely a place to go when the weather is nice and you can pop up to the porch. They have a decent beer selection as well.
<review# 1401,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2010,12/1/2010,200,172,4,9,10>Ok yet another of my favorite places in Atlanta.  Gimza is my equivalent of comfort food.  This place is so wonderful that it brought me tears of joy my first visit. Although its not my dear Babba's (or Bushia, Grandma) cooking it comes pretty darn close.Gimza is located in the middle of suburbia hidden in the middle of guess what (a strip mall). Do not let the outside mislead you though as the restaurant is lovely inside in colors of red and white (wooohoo Polish pride) and has a very welcoming demeanor. Marek the owner and host makes you feel like a guest- almost family.The food of course is wonderful- soups, cold salads, perogies, and various other entrees.  I of course recommend trying the daily soup (the pickle soup is my favorite) and the red sauerkraut salad.  As far as the entrees go the Golumpkis (Cabbage Rolls) are my favorite dish.  They tend to be a pain in the ass to make at home as you can't make three of them at once imagine a roaster full.  Any variety of the perogies are amazing including flavors kasha, meat, mushroom, potato, and sauerkraut (my favorite).  Dessertwise they have a variety of cakes, deep fried pastries, crepes, and dessert perogies (stuffed with fruit like blueberries topped with powdered sugar).  Drinkwise I suggest getting a bottle of Warka (sounds like Varrrkka) or a cup of yummy Turkish coffee which will keep you up for hours.If you have never had Polish food before I swear its not anything strange or weird.  Bring a group of friends and order a bunch of things and share.  They even have more safe things like Polish sausage (locally made 100X better than the store crap) with fries.So come on over to Norcross and if I happen to be there I'll buy you a beer....Na zdrowie.
<review# 1402,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2010,11/30/2010,122,193,2,10,6>Sweet little farmers market with several organic and home-grown vendors. Situated in the yard at the Northeast Baptist Church, along Chamblee Tucker Road, this new start up market is a great place to stop. So nice to see a promising local farmers market in this area. I started with a few plants- Thai basil and mint, along with a bunch of fresh cut daisies. Then on to see Betty, who makes lovely pickled veggies, jams etc. Needed some fresh honey- check! Cotton honey! it had a rich taste so we'll try that on toast. Then some lovely tomatoes, fresh Lima beans, black eyed peas, cantaloupe and whole grain bread. I've been advised that the really yummy baked goods- chocolate croissants and scones- go fast so get there at 9 next time. (Sounds like good advice so I'll be sure to remember that!) Even a cute couple with yummy fresh coffee. I hope to bump this to a 5 star review soon- maybe we can encourage an organic meat vendor next? The market is open Saturdays from 9-noon. Please stop by and encourage this young market if you are in the area- but be sure to save some goodies for me!
<review# 1403,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2010,11/29/2010,145,302,,5,5>Someone asked me recently what my favorite Atlanta restaurant was. Sadly, I couldn't come up with one that really stuck out. After Spice Market, however, I can now answer that question without hesitation. Drawn by the impending expiration of my Scoutmob coupon, I finally made it in with two friends.They start the experience with hot lemongrass scented washcloths. Then come crispy pappadums with tomato chutney. And although I'm not much of a drinker, several of their creative cocktails appealed to me, and I had to try one. I decided to splurge on the tasting menu (10 dishes), as well as a Passion Fruit Whiskey Fizz. The tasting menu was absolutely amazing. Every dish (except the asparagus with lotus root) was superb in flavor, presentation, and portion. The asparagus was decent, but a bit heavy on the sauce/salt. Service was just right, and the ambiance/decor was great (we came on a Wednesday evening, so it was quite relaxed). Can't wait to go back for more, even without the Scoutmob coupon :)
<review# 1404,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2010,11/28/2010,81,133,5,7,5>We went here after going to the comedy club, and it was fun! They had a live band, and if you can imagine a guy doing covers of Lauren Hill, with a live band like the roots then your imagination is CrAzY creative! Because I could not have imagined anything like what I heard and LOVED it! Judging by the crowd everybody else was not only amazed but also well aware of the talent! We were with a group, and we had to sit up stairs, but it was still a cool set with the live DJ. Plus we had the added entertainment of having drinks and watching people dance! All and all drinks, live music, a place to dance, and if you like a place to play pool......I will go back, and get a seat in the front!
<review# 1405,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2010,11/27/2010,155,332,6,8,5>Since I came here only 2 nights after trying out Honey Pig (2 stars - overpriced, poor service, burnt the meat), I couldn't help but compare the two so I ordered the BBQ beef ribs under the grilled section. It's the first item on the menu ($23ish) and I was quite pleased with how it turned out, though the portion could still be a bit bigger for that price. I think this can actually be grilled at your table but my other 3 friends ordered stew/noodle things so they cooked my ribs in the back. I preferred it this way anyhow because I didn't have to worry about under or over-cooking the meat.Docking one star for being suuuuper smokey inside. I'm sure my clothes and hair would smell like a smoker for days if I didn't shower...but who would do that?!
<review# 1406,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2010,11/26/2010,204,510,6,2,4>What do cupcakes and Patrick "Twenny Cent" Kane have in common?Nothing really, but it absolutely thrilled me on my first visit to Cami Cakes that I could eat one and discuss the other with the cashier. First I tried the Raspberry Almond Cream, a chocolate cake with cream cheese frosting, raspberry sauce, sliced almonds, and a raspberry on top. It was so good, and normally I really hate cake with too many different flavors. It wasn't overflowing with stuff on top to the point my taste buds were overloaded. Then I had to have another one, of course...I went with mint chocolate chip. I was at first sad there wasn't as much mint chocolate chunks on top like the picture on their website showed, but the chunks IN the cake itself made up for that. The frosting to cake ratio is most excellent. Frosting is not crushing the cake, but there's still plenty to enjoy.I don't really think they taste like cake mix, and even then I don't care because you can jazz up cake mix, and I need someone else to make me a damn cupcake after I make people a hundred. This is probably the closest place to me to get a cupcake, but I can't do it often since I might explode from stupid traffic.Otherwise, I love this place and its cute pink city theme, and obviously also friendly employees who will talk about hockey with a random person based on her shirt.
<review# 1407,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2010,11/25/2010,44,132,2,15,5>Been going here for the past year but officially signed up a few months ago.  A little hard to get to know people here if all you do is go to Mass, leave and don't participate in any of the ministries.  Currently I am doing a Habitat house build with others from the parish and also helping out with the RCIA process (weekly meetings for those interested in becoming Catholic, baptized, etc.)  I have been meeting lots of quality people through these ministries.
<review# 1408,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/21/2010,11/24/2010,91,277,7,10,7>I rave about Flip (Westside), so we took a co-worker to the new location in Buckhead for his farewell lunch today. It was obvious that they're still working out the kinks, but that's to be expected since they just opened this week. We were seated right away, next to the kitchen and under a speaker, which made it easy to see (not hear) everything that was going on. The music was obnoxiously loud (I felt like we were in Abercrombie or Hollister) and the restaurant felt like a sauna, but the hostess and our server were very friendly.I ordered the turkey burger (with avocado, tomato, sprouts and pomegranate ketchup, $6.50) and we shared the plaintains & lentils ($4), as well as the beets with candied licorice ($4). The turkey burger was delicious as usual, albeit on the greasy side. The plaintains were perfect, but it was a very small dish of mostly lentils. I like beets, so I loved Flip's twist on them and would definitely order them again. The menu was fresh and I was happy to see that they changed things up a little- there were a handful of new side options. The price point is right and I always leave feeling like I got what I paid for. Imagine my shock when no one wanted to share a milkshake with me- how is it possible that neither one of the people that I was dining with likes sweets?They had the old favorites- nutella & burnt marshmallow, as well as krispy kreme, and some new additions- apple pie and nut & honey.It took more than 45 minutes to get our food, so until they work things out, this is not a good lunch spot. Unless you have time for a three martini lunch, that is. We got there at 12:30 and didn't get out of there until just before 2:00. For now, this is definitely a place to see and be seen. Now, who's going back to share that milkshake with me?
<review# 1409,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2010,11/23/2010,86,443,5,14,9>This place is a barbecue joint for foodies that does not sacrifice the barbecue at the altar of foodie. Over two lunches I think I have tried most of the meat options besides ribs and they range from good to amazing. Same with all the sides I've sampled. The price is fantastic considering the quality of what you are receiving.The pulled pork is fantastic, and the chicken may very well be the best I've had in town. Granted, chicken is lower on my priority list, and pork is always the yard stick which I measure with. The pork exceeds expectations. The sausage selection makes me appreciate sausage at a barbecue joint.The Texas Pinto Beans are cooked with diced kielbasa and bay and other spices long enough to make a wonderful gravy that's worth sopping up or finishing with a spoon. The cauliflower gratin is also spoon worthy. I look forward to the collards arriving where the chef wants them to be.Got three sauces, Texas, Tennessee, and North Carolina. My friend from Tennessee three mountains over from the chef gave the Tennessee sauce the highest sauce compliment I think I've ever heard from him. Stephie Z has already given me crap in advance for a four-star review. At some point I may be willing to upgrade this to "as good as it gets" but let's give the chef some time to stabilize and get everything situated and used to the smokers. Also, I'm gonna hold a bit back for the size of the dining. I envy those who can make this a pass-by trip on the way home, so for now I'm going to have to enjoy dining in and hope for a spot at the table.
<review# 1410,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/31/2010,11/22/2010,817,996,5,8,5>The best thing about having to watch a soccer game at the fields just by Marist, at the YMCA fields with the worst entry/exit/parking situation ever?? Corner Pizza is (yeah, I'm gonna say it) just around the corner!!Last weekend, after happily watching youth soccer and one particular 4-year-old's game (if less happily doing it at this particular location - so aggravating, especially going already dreaming about pizza . . .) we swung by Corner Pizza for salad, pizza and the Boss (sandwich love = ham, capicolla, various other ingredients of total yumminess). Great sandwich, good spinach and arugula salad, and my slice of double cheese was pretty good. I'd say the pizza was a 3-star - good flavor maybe a tiny bit too thin crust-wise for my taste but good char- and a very good sandwich. Chris, the owner, is super nice (and if you dig bread, get some of theirs, made in-house) and runs a good shop. From to-go orders to pizza team season parties, the place hums along nicely. They have a good beer selection, including my fave cider Strongbow, and the menu boasts a tasty and tempting selection of custom made pies and sammies plus a range of expected (ie, mushroom and sausage) toppings and schmancier (blue cheese and arugula) picks.Hit the Corner next time you're in the Johnson Ferry/triangle area, and get your lunch pie etc needs met. Good stuff.
<review# 1411,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2010,11/20/2010,1772,1772,4,16,11>Kyma has been on my list of places to try for a while since I've heard so many good things about it.  I finally got to try it out this past Sunday and the results were very good.  I went with a large group (nine people total) specifically to try their $7 Sunday menu.  They must have over 20 different appetizers for you to try for only $7 a plate.Appetizers ordered:Spreads - tzatziki (yogurt), htipiti (red peppers), skordalia (potato), melitzanosalata (eggplant) - served with grilled pita breadGrilled oystersDolmades - grape leaves stuffed with tomato, bulgur (whole grain), cumin yogurtCod fritters - served with potato-garlic pureeBaby beetsGrilled octopusSteamed mussels - served with feta cheeseSeared tunaGreek meatballsGreek potatoes - potatoes cut into disc shapes (served with ribs and also more tzatziki to dip in)We also ordered one Lavraki (Greek sea bass), the pork ribs, and loukoumades (Greek doughnuts) for dessert.Where do I begin?  First of all, everything was delicious and skillfully prepared.  The tzatziki (yogurt) spread is most common at Greek restaurants.  I think everyone at our table agreed the skordalia (potato) spread was the best, a little thicker and tangier than the rest.  It had a really nice texture.  Another hit (relatively speaking) was the grilled octopus.  I've never eaten octopus prepared in this fashion.  I've only eaten octopus raw (in sushi).  The grilled octopus tastes very different from raw octopus and tastes more like you're eating a land animal than seafood.  The wood-grilled flavor is strong.The dolmades have a small kick to them and just melt in your mouth.  The octopus and baby beets are served with yummy microgreens.  The sea bass is served to you whole, including the head, but it is completely deboned, which is very convenient.  Most people would think of the head as just decoration, but you can eat the collar meat from it.  It also comes with a side of kale.  The mussels are steamed with feta cheese, so the bottom of the broth includes tasty bits of feta.  The spreads, sauces, grains, purees, etc. were all quite good and we made sure to eat every last bit from our plates.Finally, we had loukoumades for dessert.  These are the equivalent of Greek deep fried doughnut balls that are soaked in a honey syrup.  Needless to say, those were delectable.Service was excellent.  Our server was Corey and he was very knowledgeable.  The manager came to check on us once.  The entire time we were there, there were two men playing bouzoukis (Greek "guitars").  I thought that was a really nice addition to the overall ambiance.  The older gentleman started playing a great rendition of "The Godfather" theme towards the end of the night.  Valet parking here is $2 not including tip.Coincidentally, Kevin Gillespie was eating a couple tables away and said hi to us on his way out.  He said on his Facebook page the next day, "I had one of the most amazing meals I have ever had last night.  It was at Kyma in Atlanta.  Every dish was as flawlessly executed as I have ever seen."Overall, Kyma offers some of the finest Greek food in Atlanta and it's probably my favorite of all the Buckhead Life restaurants.  Be sure to check out my Local Photos for pictures of each of the dishes.
<review# 1412,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2010,11/19/2010,97,124,13,11,9>As others have noted, Hair Images can get BANANAS, like the grocery store on a day when they say its going to snow - people everywhere, loud talking, asking the old guy several times when its going to be your turn, laughing at ppl that ask him when its going to be their turn, the ppl that threaten to leave b/c they've been there for 45 min and the happy faces that walk out when the have that perfect arch...yea, those same 45min'ers lol.So even if you make an appointment, which I ENCOURAGE on Thurs-Sat, you will still wait like 10-15 after that appt time lol. I'm actually on my way today. Let's see how crazy a Sunday can be :)BANSI is by far my favorite ("last chair on the right " lol - you'll get the inside joke when you go)I may pass a lot of barber shops (which I have been nicked one too many times), waxing salons (umm, I'm already light skinned, don't need help making me light by ripping my skin off) on the way but Threading has been my love since I moved here 5 years ago and I don't mind driving 20min to get a 5min job done for only $7!!
<review# 1413,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/4/2010,11/18/2010,212,212,8,11,10>WOW. This place is ridiculous. This may be one of the best Canto food places in Atlanta. The portions are huge here are the prices are more than reasonable. (less than $10) for most dishes. I came here with a great group of 6 people (and all with relatively large, even by my standards, appetites) and we barely finished the food that we ordered. So these are the dishes we ordered. I forgot to get a menu so I'm going to describe them. Luckily, the staff is extremely knowledgeable at Bo Bo and if you just describe a dish, they'll know what you want (like I did actually). Fried Silken Tofu Cubes w/ Ground Pork:Lightly fried bite sized tofu cubes with ground pork and a thick sauce. OMG. The best tofu dish I have had in atlanta, and possible one of my favorite tofu dishes next to the Penang Tofu (which to be honest is slightly similar in execution). the silken tofu cubes were perfectly battered and fried, with a crisp outer shell that wasn't greasy or heavy at all. It was served on a bed of slightly salty, spicy and garlicky sauce that contained a generous amount of fatty ground pork. The sauce by itself was delicious as well. But when combined together, the light crunchiness of the crust on the tofu, the hot and silken insides and the savory salty and spicy sauce just explode in your mouth. This dish was the first dish to disappear from our table. White Fish in Curry broth w/ Eggplant and Tofu: To be honest, Americans might find this dish hard to eat. I was actually surprised that this dish was made with bone in fish, but I actually really enjoyed this dish. The fish were all lightly battered and then fried before being tossed in the curry stock and cooked for a few hours. This definitely allowed a lot of that great fish flavor to seep in the curry, and for the curry to ingrain itself in the fish. Result: a delicious curry stew that had tons of delicate and almost falling apart fish and a distinct yet not totally fishy flavor. DELICIOUS. The dish also contained slow cooked eggplant and tofu, both totally infused with the aromatic and delicious curry fish broth. I personally loved this dish when mixed with the rice. My favorite dish of the day, and one of the best tofu dishes of my life.Fried Salt and Pepper Squid: This dish was RIDICULOUSLY GOOD. I already know what you're thinking. Salt and pepper squid is the same everywhere... It's greasy, heavy and the fried batter is always falling off the actual squid meat... Well, that is NOT the squid here. The salt and pepper squid here is definitely unique. It was very very lightly battered (so much so that at point I even questioned if it was battered) and lightly fried. It was crisp and tender, and had the exact right amount of seasoning to it. Delicious. I would order this again. Pig Blood Pudding Sautéed with Chinese leeks: The size of this dish actually amazed me. There was A TON of pig blood slices. The sauce is about the same as the sauce from the fried tofu cubes, but this time it's just pigs blood and chinese leeks sauteed in it. The pigs blood was sliced thinly, so it wasn't as heavy to eat as if it had just been a big chunk. And the leaks provided a lighter and slightly sweet complement to the heavy and dense pigs blood. In the end, I liked this dish, but I like the pig's blood and intestine casserole at Cafe 101 more (sorry guys).Fried Salt and Pepper Crab: This was pretty good. To be honest, it's definitely more of finger licking appetizer than a main dish, given that the crusts are light enough to chew through and that there wasn't must meat in the crabs. The dish itself was properly executed. The batter was light, it had the perfect amount of salt and pepper, and most importantly, the diced crab was not overcooked or greasy. To me, this dish was ok, good, but not mindblowing. Sautéed Watercress and Garlic: Overall, this dish was about as average as a dish can get. It didn't really stand out to me. It was (again) properly spiced so that it had a lot of flavor, but wasn't overwhelming. The watercress was still crisp, which a lot of restaurants don't manage to do because of overcooking. If you are with a lot of people who are all ordering heavy savory dishes (like we were) this is a good dish to get in order to add a lighter component to the meal. My favorite dishes were definitely the fried tofu cubes with ground pork, the fish curry (it is so much better than it sounds), and the fried squid (biggest surprise of the day).The food was so good that the 6 of us literally ate everything. And boy was that a challenge. Calling the portions here generous is like saying Bill Clinton has relationship issues. These dishes are BIG. But they are so good that when you're done with them, you'll be left wanting more despite the Kobayashi tummy that I guarantee you will be rocking. I will definitely be back again
<review# 1414,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2010,11/17/2010,220,93,6,4,4>So...whenever I discuss being a vegetarian for any length of time, the beau drops hints that we haven't been to Fox Bros in a while.  I'd protest if that short rib weren't consistently dripping with the most delectable flavor and tenderness that brings me to my knees time and time again.I'm still somewhat ambivalent when it comes to  the pulled pork and the sides.  But I can no longer deny that right now the ribs at Fox Bros--in any variety--are religious.
<review# 1415,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2010,11/16/2010,89,423,5,7,8>Absolutely gorgeous. A fantastic addition to Atlanta.Maybe you're like me. Maybe you think to yourself, "How interesting could a bunch of gardens possibly be?". This is all despite the rave reviews from Yelpers and others, making you think your Yelp friends are either crazy or have weird tastes in what is considered "fun".If this is you, I say to you, GO NOW. Drop what you're doing, and head over to the Botanical gardens.I was there last night for their Fest-of-Ale event. I could not believe how humongous- and extraordinarily beautiful- this place is! Just after entry into the gardens, we found the first of many cash bars. I couldn't believe my eyes when I saw the beers were only $3.50! I sipped on a fantastic pumpkin ale that perfectly matched the displays and festivities at the gardens. We walked through a bunch of scarecrow displays that were witty and humorous. It wasn't long before we began strolling under a long walkway lined with trees decorated with white lights. Despite the large amount of children in attendance, it was - dare I say it - quite romantic!And even though it was pretty dark outside at this point, we did get to enjoy a lot of the different exhibits. I really loved the cornucopia display with glass pumpkins, and the tree nearby that was dotted with glass apples! The inside exhibits, especially the orchid room and rainforest area (with frogs!) were especially fun to meander around and enjoy at night.Most of the exhibits were open, which made it fun to walk around while dark. A lot of people had flashlights, which we of course missed on the event description as something to bring. But again, it made for an oddly romantic scene; just dark enough for me to get a little spooked out. Unlike most of the other parks in Atlanta, you don't have to worry about some crazy homeless person jumping out of the bushes at you. The only thing that was bit of a disappointment was the canopy walk. I had envisioned it being much higher in the air. And since we were there at night there wasn't much to look at. Another thing to mention are the fantastic water features. Absolutely gorgeous fountains dot the botanical garden's grounds. Steal a bench near one and enjoy some conversation with your fellow guests with a scenic view. If you've ever thought that going to the Atlanta Botanical Gardens sounds lame or boring, I encourage you to try it, just once, and then see how you feel about it. And if you're looking for a great date night, this is it!
<review# 1416,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2010,11/15/2010,458,1067,32,11,11>This review has been pending since Memorial Day 2010 and it's about time for me to get it out there.So, picture it. Sandy Springs. Sunday. A rowdy bunch of Yelpers depart a fun afternoon of birthday celebrations at an all-you-can-eat sushi buffet. No one is really ready for the party to end and libations are in order.We all caravan down Roswell Road and the first place we stop was closed.  After the huddle we select another spot a mile farther down. The drinks were bad and the place was a dump, but the people watching is exhilarating.Finally, they decide to pop my cherry (well, in some sense of the phrase) and we head to Johnny's Hideaway.I don't think I ever stopped smiling. Not one. Not two. Not three. But four old ladies were intensely cruising me and all seemed ready to fight each other for a dance. I stuck close to Alexa G. and Gretchen O. who were my two beards for the night.The staff here quickly realized my celebrity status and sat us in a table in the corner. It even had a special corded telephone (you know, in case one of us got paged). From our perch we were able to scope out the crowd. Among the notables were a Pakistani guy who was apparently celebrating his birthday. He weighed about 100 pounds and had his pants pulled up to his chest. Since he was turning 30, Gretchen went over to hit on him and they had a long dance session together. There was also a tall blonde girl [sic: woman] with a spiral perm who was in the front row ready to throw her bra to the band. Kit F. had to ask for more napkins after seeing her bouncing up and down.Then came the pinnacle of the evening...The old man and his escort. Halfway through their first drink he fell asleep, so she stole his cigarettes and left him. Eventually our group began posing with him as though we were filming another "Weekend at Bernie's."It was a magical night. "December 1963?" No, Memorial Day 2010.
<review# 1417,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2010,11/13/2010,94,50,4,7,4>I love this place enough to come out of hibernation.  Well, at least Yelp writing hibernation.I absolutely adore this place - they have such a wide variety of items available from around the world.  The produce is fresh and inexpensive compared to any normal supermarket.  Plus they have a large variety of items from your everyday apple to unique veggies I've never seen before.  I love the fresh made corn tortillas to the meat and fish sections.  And that's just the perishable side.  Then there's all the frozen/dry goods.  Love that each ethnic style is labeled clearly and the huge variety available.  They have everything from Chinese to Korean to Mexican to Russian goodies.This place really could be your one-stop shop kind of place.  Sometimes it's awesome to just walk through and experience the diversity! Like I said, love love LOVE!
<review# 1418,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2010,11/12/2010,338,442,9,12,6>Whenever I want to get fried chicken and don't want to go too far for it, I know I can count on the Colonnade to come through.  It is kind of like Mary Mac's....but a significant step up in regards to food quality, especially when you compare the sides and the basket of breads they serve.  Their collards are always on point, and their cornbread muffins are awesome.  The fried chicken is so simple- no premarinade for the chicken (at least I can't taste any) before being covered in a thin, crispy batter seasoned with some salt and a hint of pepper that doesn't get soggy. I've had a few other entrees over the years, but these days I just go with the fried chicken....but perhaps I will try the chicken-fried chicken next time as per Addy's recommendation. And a little ode to the fried chicken abode....Gray and gay, who cares anyway?Just be sure you have cash, for with cash you must pay.
<review# 1419,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2010,11/11/2010,196,217,6,7,9>I had intended to give Alfredo's 4 Stars for the 1972 wood-panel decor and uncomfortably small bar area which will not accomodate all of the hungry, eager-to-be-seated patrons, but as it has been 3 days since I dined there and I am still thinking about how delicious my dinner was, an absolutely first rate pasta dish with an unctuous creamy tomato vodka sauce, I think 5 is appropriate after all.To help explain why I am still fixated on my entree, I must explain my history with a perfectly made vodka sauce...Many years ago, in Longwood, Florida, there was a tiny little family owned Italian restaurant named Figaro which was "our" restaurant, and my now ex-husband and I went there every single week without fail. Hunter was an adventurous eater and would simply leave the decision making to the chef/ owner who continuously delighted him with creations that were the envy of the other patrons who smelt and saw them be delivered to us in the tiny 8 table max dining room. I, on the other hand, ordered the same thing every single time: penne al salmone, but made with chicken.  It was my first introduction to the lovely pinky-orange perfection which is a well-made tomato vodka sauce. For the 3 years we lived in our first home nearby, I ate that entree at least once a week. When we moved to Oregon, the little neighborhood trattoria and my beloved penne al salmone (with chicken!) were two of the only things, other than my parents, of course, that I really missed about Central Florida. It has been 15 years, and I have never found a restaurant - until Alfredo's- which makes this entree exactly the way I remember it: creamy, delicately flavored, silky-smooth, studded with tender pieces of chicken breast and topped with a few cracks of black pepper and julienned basil.When I saw the "Penne Salmone, alla Rita" on Alfredo's classic menu described as "Slivers of fresh salmon sauteed in vodka, shallots, butter, basil, light cream and marinara sauce" I almost squealed in anticipation and when our gracious old-school, stately server agreed at once to have it prepared with chicken for me, I was sold on Alfredo's. One word for it: PERFECTION.Oh, and the garlic bread practically dripping with butter, the classic Caesar, and spumoni were all great too, but nothing compares to the taste of that gorgeous penne al chicken, made especially for me. I will be back!
<review# 1420,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2010,11/10/2010,469,375,3,7,7>I am impressed with the excellent, friendly, and efficient customer service at Maddio's.  The owner, Matt Andrew, asked me to give Maddio's a second chance, and this time around, my friends and I decided to order items that were more adventurous than a plain pepperoni pizza.  My friends and I tasted the following:Side salad (mixed greens) - 3 stars.  a very basic salad with lettuce, tomato and croutons.  The veggies were fresh and crisp, but the side salad was merely average, nothing extraordinary.  Chipotle ranch salad dressing - 4.5 stars.  I tasted all the salad dressings offered by Maddio's and my favorite by far is the chipotle ranch dressing, which has a creamy yet light texture, but also a delightful hint of smoky chili pepper.  All the other dressings were very good, and all of them are made from scratch daily.Greek salad - 5 stars.  Very flavorful and delicious!  Loved the zesty combination of lettuce, black olives, feta cheese, tomatoes, red onions, and banana peppers.  The portion is also huge and what I would consider family size.  A great value at $6.49.  Vegetarian.basil chicken salad - 4.75 stars.  Also excellent.  The homemade chicken salad was light, and the portion of the chicken salad in relation to the mixed greens in this dish was very generous.  The basil, walnuts, and grapes added a delightful blend of aromatic, nutty, fruity flavor.  This is also a huge, family size salad at only $6.49.steak & blue pizza - 5 stars.  A creative pizza with olive oil, mozzarella, provolone, blue cheese, steak, tomatoes, garlic, spinach, basil, and balsamic glaze.  This is a savory and robust pizza with strong flavors that you normally do not find in most other pizzas.  I'm a fan.  Jamaican jerk pizza - 4.5 stars.  Very aromatic and delicious, but surprisingly not spicy at all.  The combination of tomato-basil sauce, mozzarella, provolone, grilled chicken, red onions, green peppers, pineapples, and cilantro was intensely flavorful but scrumptious.portobella pesto pizza - 4 stars.  Out of all the pizzas listed in my review, this one had the mildest flavors, but it was nevertheless yummy.  The herb pesto sauce used in this pizza has a toned down pesto flavor, unlike the pesto in Mellow Mushroom's pesto pizzas.  However the feta cheese added some boldness to balance out the toned down pesto.  The portabella and white mushrooms were large, fresh, and flavorful.  I found this pizza to be a unique take on the vegetarian pizza.BBQ chicken pizza - 3.75 stars.  I prefer CPK's version of the BBQ chicken pizza, but Maddio's BBQ chicken pizza is very good too.  It's generously topped with bbq/tomato-basil sauce, mozzarella, provolone, cheddar, grilled chicken, bacon, red onions, corn, and cilantro.  I'm not sure if I like to have corn on my pizza, but that's just a personal preference.Overall, Maddio's signature pizzas are a great value, with the medium 12" signature pizzas costing only $12.99.  For a five-star Maddio's experience, I highly recommend choosing the signature pizzas instead of making the pizza your own way.  Get the whole wheat crust if you like sweeter crusts.  The pizza quality has definitely improved since my first visit.  I noticed that none of the pizzas I ordered today were burned.  Everything was evenly and thoroughly cooked with no char at all.  The pizzas also arrived swiftly, within 7 to 15 minutes of ordering.  Maddio's will be my new go-to place when I am craving a creative pizza or huge salad.The ambience of Maddio's is very warm, laid back, and very clean.  Great for groups, casual dates, and Emory students.  There's also trivia on Thursday nights starting around 8 pm.
<review# 1421,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2010,11/9/2010,51,83,1,10,5>So after seeing Kathleen M. mention this place & after I mistook Decatur for DeKab (I'm new in town....) I made the trek down as I haven't had a Snoopy Snow Cone style shaved ice in decades.  Those hard chunky things you can usually find just don't do it for me.  This place totally delivers on true shaved ice like my beloved bingsoo (Korean shaved ice dessert).I had a Wedding Cake Princess (8oz) topped with caramel & talk about heaven!  Wedding Cake can be described as almond with a hint a vanilla.  The shaved ice was so smooth & fluffy, and as far away from chunky & hard as one could get.  As I was reveling in the taste/texture sensations going on in my mouth, Jared (one of the owners) added some soft serve vanilla ice cream on top & told me to mix it up.  OMG, and I thought it couldn't get any better.  The ice cream swirled with the caramel and wedding cake flavored shaved ice pretty much had me melting into the floor in orgasmic happiness... I'm going to be back to try the Stuffed SnoBall, which is 12 oz of flavored shaved ice with soft serve ice cream in the middle and a topping that goes with the flavor (like whipped cream or chocolate).With 27 base flavors & 6 "lagniappe" toppings, there's something for everyone.  Oh, did I mention that everything's Gluten Free, even the cajun seasoning?!  They also have the choice of combination favorites with names like Southern Belle, Where Ya At, Mississippi Mud, & Rajun Cajun.The Queen-of-the-Day is a fruit smoothie made with frozen organic fruit blended with Kefir and agave syrup.  Organic fruit, probiotics, complete proteins, B Vitamins, calcium, and magnesium; can you get any healthier?!Last but not least, if you want something a little more substantial, they have the Muffuletta sandwich or salad.  Their version is ham, salami, provalone, mortadella, and Central Grocery olive salad on either the Muffuletta bread ("sandwich") or on a bed of organic greens (salad).Needless to say, this place has been saved in GPS so no matter where I am in the ATL I can find my way back. The prices are super cheap: 8 oz Prince/ss = $1.50, 12 oz Duke = $2.50, 16 oz Queen = $3.50, 20 oz King = $4.50.  So even though they are CASH ONLY, you should be able to scrounge up enough change to indulge yourself in yummy goodness especially on the plentiful hot summer days.They've been open for almost as long as I've been in Atlanta and with the excellent service & quality product; I'm sure they'll be around for the long haul.  My only complaint is there's much parking in the area that I could see & the only notification that it's there is the banner on the brick wall out front.  It's next to the more visible Garlic Thai & a hop jump and a skip from the Decatur Marta station.
<review# 1422,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/31/2010,11/8/2010,215,493,16,8,5>This place is very, very girly.  It's nice and cute but really girly.  I am not that girly.  I try to be girly and have actually made excellent progress but this place sorta scared the girly right out of me.  Actually, it was not all Sugarcoat's fault.  I blame it on the bridal shower group that poured in as I was getting  my manicure, loaded down with colorful bags, a basket full of colorful gifts for the attendees, colorful fruit salads, buckets of sodas straight out of Southern Living at Home, very similar-looking colorful printed maxi dresses, and a complete disregard for anyone else who might have been in the salon getting a service they were paying for.  I immediately hated them. (Note to all: if I ever actually get married, which I'm not saying is likely or even possible, but if I do, no colorful bags, no nail salon parties, no frou-frou lunches, no colorful printed dresses unless they're also slightly slutty; do me - and you - a favor: drinks, drinks, drinks, dancing, drinks, Vegas. Thanks.)Anyway, I got in a bit early, and they did start on me early.  They seemed friendly enough.  It was a Sunday and I had been out late the night before and I was actually proud of myself for waking up early enough to go to Starbucks and B&N before my appointment.  So, I came in casually dressed as I generally do for nail, hair, massage, facial, etc. appointments.  Apparently they don't do that here.  You have to dress up.  I know this because the really outgoing owner cheerfully said to me upon my arrival, "You look so comfortable!", which I took as enough of a slam to start muttering something about how I was out late the night before and got up early and sorry about that.  I realized it truly was a slam because the cheerful owner commented to everyone else coming in after me about their appearance with things like "You look so pretty!"; "I love your dress!"; "You look so nice today!"  Yeah, I may not really fit in here.So, my nails do look great.  I did the pedicure first on the cushioned benches above the basin and, true, they're not that comfortable.  I kept sliding down and got into really uncomfortable back positions.  But, the tech was fast and I didn't have to stay there too long.  I was well-stocked on their current gossip magazines and they brought me water during the pedicure.My manicure was at the manicure table after the pedicure (they don't do both at the same time, FYI).  My fingernails also look great.  I do think the nail tech sort of hated me, though.  She was cordial but didn't really talk and didn't offer too much extra info when I asked questions.  I'm pretty sure she hated me.I had a coupon which made it not that pricey but it is a bit pricey.  Mostly because it's girly, I think.  They normally have complimentary valet but he was off that day so I had to park in the deck and it was not free (this is a big negative to me, actually - too much competition where you don't have to pay to park).I might go back here.  Maybe if I was in the neighborhood and had dressed up that day.  They are generally very nice and I know this girly shit appeals to a lot of people so, if you're girly, you should check it out.
<review# 1423,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2010,11/7/2010,23,135,2,3,6>I initially started seeing LOLC when I was 36 weeks pregnant with twins. One twin was vertex (head down, ready for delivery) and the other was transverse (sideways). I really really wanted to delivery naturally, so I was trying lots of things (yoga, water aerobics) to try to turn my second baby.Lots of folks on message boards recommended the Webster method/adjustment -- essentially stretches and opens the hip/pelvic area to make room for the baby to turn and descend. After only three adjustments, my baby had turned head-down!The procedure itself is completely painless and QUICK (total time at an appt: 20 minutes tops). And if you're huge and pregnant like I was, you can do it sitting straight up (as opposed to the lying face-down position).
<review# 1424,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2010,11/6/2010,35,40,7,28,8>I went in to see Okko based on Soomy and Tulie's reviews and I am very pleased with the result.  Okko is such a sweet lady, I definitely see that Japanese neat and clean style in her haircut.  She communicated with me, handed me that awesome Japanese green tea (mind you, not just your typical so-called Japanese green tea, this is da real thing!), and after carefully studied my rounder-than-moon face, she started to do her masterwork.Having a 2-year old, naturally I requested a soccer-mom haircut.  Short, light and easy to maintain.  Okko took her time to cut and design my hair, she made sure the layers were even and beautifully shaped.  When it comes to cover my gray, and highlight my hair, she was so careful and precise I thought she was operating a surgery!Overall, I am VERY PLEASED!  $45 for haircut and highlights for $55 (depends on what needs to be done), it is definitely reasonable.Oh, she also gave mean massage!!!  It was so good I almost felt asleep!Okko & Chiko's number: 770-885-5888 & 404-401-6294, when call, make sure to mention you were referred by ____ (either me, or someone's review you read) and you will get 10% off your first visit.My hair is back to life with volume and texture, arigatou gozaimasu Okko! :)
<review# 1425,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/10/2010,11/5/2010,67,441,8,15,7>I have to downgrade my Antico rating solely for the atmosphere. I probably won't drive across town on the weekend to go back anymore and it's way too expensive for a lunch visit.While the pizza is still excellent, the people who go here when I've been here are unbearably snotty jerk yuppies, who will arrive after you, and while you're ordering they will grab an entire table for a party that doesn't take up the whole table (but not share the table with you or anyone else). Then they will sit there waiting for their pizza, and they will stare at you like "I dare you to ask to sit down, just TRY ME" while you eat your pizza standing up. And as you finish your last slice, their pizza will arrive. Then maybe they will stop staring... *SAD* I let it go the first time, but I saw two separate tables of jerks do this on the last visit. It's way too much of a pain to deal with this on every visit.Also the music was WAY too loud this weekend. Our group of 4 couldn't even talk to each other during the meal.A good improvement I noticed is that you now pick up your pizza in the kitchen instead of the front of the house, cuts down on the chaos.
<review# 1426,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2010,11/4/2010,343,405,3,10,7>It was Friday night and Troy wanted to go somewhere he's never been to, so I suggested we try out Ormsby's.  Upon arriving, we were told that it would be 2 hours until we can get a table.  The guy did tell us that if we would like to eat downstairs, we maybe lucky to score a table without a wait.  We walked down the stairs and instantly got a table...it was like meant to be!Our first impressions of the place....Troy is an architect/interior designer/building aficionado and just fell in love with the atmosphere and the space.  The indoor boccie ball court was very cool but if you want to play, I suggest going during lunch or on a non-weekend night.They have a nice selection of both draft and bottled beer...somewhat reminded me of The Porter, but not as huge of a selection as Porter's menu.  The food menu...was fun and cute.  Where else can you get a plate of fries or onion rings and select two homemade dipping sauces as well as cotton candy for dessert!?  We both shared a plate of onion rings with a side of horseradish sauce and fondue dip and we also ordered the club sandwiches with fries.  Everything we ordered was really good!We were there for a good three hours and the service was fantastic...from the minute that we sat down until we left!  I highly recommend the place and to truly feel the experience, go for lunch or during the week where it isn't so crowded.
<review# 1427,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2010,11/2/2010,81,286,6,21,8>This place is awesome!!! i'll get to the concept of Sola soon. I am writing this review strictly about EASTMAN TAYLOR SALON-BUCKHEAD. it's a salon inside of Sola. this is studio #129.Since becoming the age of having the responsibility of finding my own hair stylist, i have only had 4 stylists. Bernard is one of my favorites. I love him!. he's outgoing, caring, speaks-his-mind and is health conscious and focused when it comes to hair. This is somewhat an upscale salon with non-upscale prices. They even have a steam machine for hair!!!I have been going to bernard for a little over a year. my cousin has been going to him for years and my childhood friend has been going to him since college. he does great hair! i have kinky, thick, long hair and he straightens and relaxes it like a pro. he styles my hair just like i like it. I am VERY picky when it comes to my hair. I don't let everyone touch it. and if i trust you to do it and you do the smallest thing that i don't agree with, i will never come back to you. that's how funny acting I am when it comes to my hair. it's kind of like my claim to fame, like my booty and my gut! i only use affirm sensitive relaxer and he uses affirm products, in addition to Moroccan oil (now, that's some good and expensive stuff!!) and other genuinely great products. his goal is to make your hair the healthiest that it has ever been. he is so knowledgeable, i can go on and on and on, but i wont. now...getting to the Sola Salon. Even if you don't have black hair and wont go to Bernard, Sola Salon has everything to offer you. Sola salon is a place for independent hair stylists to set up camp. An, if you will, Apparel Mart for beauty. They have hair stylists, massage therapists, nail salons galore. if you're in the area, the kroger Fountain Oaks plaza off Roswell Rd, stop in Sola and look around. You'll definitely find a stylist who meets your needs. If you have black hair -you need to take your behind to Bernard!Bernard's # 404-444-2186
<review# 1428,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2010,11/1/2010,149,218,13,31,12>Since this place has been reviewed into the ground just about, I'll offer some tips for people who don't come here on a regular basis or might not know about. 1. Come here with a list, you don't want to look like the rest of the folks waddling around staring at things and picking things up to offer their opinion about it's freshness. You will have plenty of time to explore while you get things that you actually need. 2. Unless you have a large family to feed, opt for a basket. Then you won't be one of the aforementioned people that have a shopping cart with three tomatoes, a bag of cashews, and a banana. It's already busy in here on the weekends, and more carts equal more problems. My wife and I come here and can get everything we need into a couple of baskets, it saves us a lot of time. But if you need one, you need one. Also, you have to get your cart from outside, there are no carts inside. 3. Spices, spices, spices. If you buy your spices anywhere else, you're throwing your money away. Spices are fresh and cheap here, stock up when you can. 4. Got a sweet tooth? You can get a sweet treat and a coffee for just a few bucks. 5. Eating in the restaurant or getting to-go food here is awesome. Huge salad bar and tons of different hot choices that change daily. Bring cash though, no card accepted in the restaurant part. Also, park your buggies out front, don't try to bring them thought the line. Also, be patient, people tend to freeze up here when confronted with so many choices, so it could take a minute. Also, bring a jacket, it's cold as hell in that part of the market and in the market in general. 6. Deli meats. Deli meat here is usually cheaper than the grocery store and with a better variety. But you gotta be quick, the wait can be brutal if you're not paying attention when it's your turn. Also, people will snake the shit out of you in order to get their meat first. The guys slicing the meat don't speak much English, so being good at hand gestures is a plus. 7. Hippie reusable shopping bags. The people here at the market don't like you to carry around your bags, so you have to check them. Then when you are ready to checkout, you have to give this number to some lady and then she looks for your bag......it can be stupid. Simply fold your bags up and stuff them into your back pocket or cargo pockets if you have them. 8. Meats here can be a ripoff. They have some nice cuts, but you'll pay for them and I've had meat go bad on me only a couple of days after purchase. Sausages are where it's at here. 9. Checking out. Gotta be patient here too. 99% of the staff here is foreign and the cashiers sometimes have a hard time communicating. They are very nice though and I get a kick out of hearing the various dialects screaming "PRICE CHECK". 10. Personal space. You don't have a lot of it here. So prepare yourself for random strangers from random places bumping into you, cutting you off, and generally ignoring your existence. It just goes with the territory here. I go into it with a war like mentality on the weekends. It's kill or be killed. It's shop or get mopped.
<review# 1429,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2010,10/31/2010,0,203,4,9,6>I hadn't been here in several years, I think they went through some ownership change in the meantime.  Somewhere, I had the impression that they had more of a Greek menu in their latest incarnation, and that it wasn't that good, but I don't see any clues to that in previous Yelp reviews, so I don't know where that came from.So for lunch today, I was pleased to find a good menu and good food, not too expensive, and great atmosphere (runway views) and decor (esp. the jeeps outside).  I'm not really into military motifs in general (pun!), but this place has some character and evokes a different era, that's for sure.For lunch, I had the bourbon glazed salmon with garlic mashed potatoes.  I wasn't offered the fresh vegetables instead of the mashed potatoes (the menu says this is an option), but the mashed potatoes were very good and probably a better accompaniment anyway.  Tasty, nicely done, and a moderate portion, $11 before tax and tip, pretty good.  The menu isn't extensive, but there were enough appealing possibilities that that wasn't a problem.Hope to return again soon and check out the playground and more of the artifacts, since today was kind of a quick get-away from the office.
<review# 1430,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2010,10/30/2010,489,857,20,20,17>Sometimes, I see people ordering Lo Mein here. Something must be wrong with these people. They need to grow a pair and order some of the authentic Sichuan dishes.Then again, I guess it doesn't matter. Maybe I should order Lo Mein next time. I bet they make it good. Maybe they have the best Lo Mein in the world, and I just don't know it yet. You shouldn't have a hard time finding this place. Just look inside a  huge strip mall, next to the seedy Latin nigh club with the huge Jabawockeez mask on the front. When I tried this place for the first time, I had to come here 3 days in a row. Therefore, I officially declare this place as my favorite Chinese restaurant in Atlanta.  Almost all the dishes I ordered tasted good. Here are some of the stuff I tried:Dan Dan Noodles.Sichuan Double Cooked PorkChicken with ScallionsPork BellyDry-friend Eggplant.Hot and numbing beef rolls.Shredded crispy beef Mongolian beefSesame chickenMapo TofuKung Pao chickenSpicy Pork BellyFish in Chili OilI don't know what they marinate or grill the Mongolian Beef, but they make it very tender. It also has a nice, grilled taste to it. I think all of their beef have this characteristic. The Pork Belly has a lot of garlic. They serve it lukewarm. But the fatty taste of the pork belly, garlic, and the hot spices combine into a very nice dish. If you like garlic as much as I do, you'll love this dish.The Dan Dan Noodles reminds me of spaghetti except that they make it spicy and more Chinese-y. I like it.I think I probably tasted the hottest Mapo Tofu here. It has a lot of spice and a lot of taste, a nice recipe for heartburn. I think they make one of the better Mapo Tofus here.I didn't like the fish in Chili Oil, however. I forgot the actual name of the dish.  But they serve this poor fish in a bowl of lava filled with Sichuan peppercorns. They probably put a live fish in that bowl, and the peppercorns probably acted like a tranquilizer as the hot chili oil acid broke the fish into pieces. Everything just overpowered me in this dish. If you have a faint heart, sensitive taste buds, and don't want your stomach acid to eat you from the inside, don't order this dish.The rest of dishes taste good too. My laziness overpowers my urge to write about every single dish I had.  I guess I'll sacrifice my (u)seful marks for my laziness. But I can summarize all of their dishes in a few words: hot, spicy, greasy, and good. I feel sad that I never went when Peter Chang cooked here. Oh well, I still like it. If this place taste this good now, it must have been amazing when Peter Chang did his thing.Besides the fish in chili oil, I recommend all the dishes I wrote on the top. Just make sure to bring some Pepto as your stomach will be hating you, although your taste buds will be thanking you. Maybe next time, I'll try the Lo Mein.
<review# 1431,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/16/2010,10/29/2010,62,210,2,13,8>I purchased a living social deal a while ago, and finally had a chance to use it this past Saturday night. I really wanted to love this place - middle eastern food and hookah - what's not to like? The decor and food were definitely 4 or 5 star material, but the service was a serious buzz kill.Our party of 5 was seated at a lovely round table in the upstairs dining room. The lighting and ambiance was sexy without feeling too posh or like it was even trying very hard.  Several of us started with the house special sangria. It was really good, but we came to find out they were $12 a piece. A glass of wine would have been a far better investment. We had the hummus and 6 spice potatoes to get things started. The flavors were incredible! Be warned that the little dish of red sauce that comes with the potatoes will cost you $1 per refill.  The waiter promised to bring some veggies  to go with the hummus (I'm trying to avoid gluten these days)...... 45 min later and several follow up requests resulted in a plate of cucumbers which we were then charged $6 for! ridiculous. :(I had the spinach salad as my main course, it was ok. Others had the lamb kabobs, shish kabobs, and a salmon special. They were all raving! There were more service complaints to be made here - like taking 15 min to get oil and vinegar for my salad. At the end of the meal we ordered a white peach hookah. The server must have realized he'd made some mistakes because he brought us another hookah, fuzzy navel, on the house. They were both very good and smooth.I think this might be a better place to try with just a 2 person party, unless a big reservation grants you a dedicated server. There was a miscellaneous $18 on the bill that we decided not to investigate based on how long it was taking the server to get back to us. Despite the great food, I'm left with a bit of a bitter taste in my mouth. I'm giving it 3 stars but I doubt I'll go back.
<review# 1432,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2010,10/28/2010,787,655,27,14,9>File this under: What the heck am I doing here?Ok I gotta admit for the first minute or two I was kinda scurred...I was accompanied by Yelp Atlanta's resident celebrity (wearing a button down and tie) and myself in a nice little dress..only to be met with half nekkid men wearing assless chaps and harnesses... yep I was a bit intimidated! Leather, and daddies, and bears, OH MY! But after getting the grand tour, and speaking with a few people I felt way more comfortable, although I can't say that some of the men weren't probably glad to see me! I saw about 4 other women here probably.What I did not expect: a large dance floor... pumping Katie Perry's California girls..and Kesha. next to a cage...hmmmm....A store in the lower half of the club...with ALL sorts of stuff I have never seen in my life.( use your imagination here)Going there on a fetish night without warning...Yea I'm usually a "blakes girl", so be warned.. you will NOT have men commenting on how fabulous you look. random vouge-like dance offs....nor how great your hair smells!....but at least now I know where to pick up a nightstick and a whip ...if need be ;)
<review# 1433,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2010,10/27/2010,705,321,22,17,17>I come from a long line of men who abhor going to the doctor, you could call it a family tradition if any of them were alive to carry it on. I've promised myself that I'll break through that genetic mental barrier  and seek medical council in a timely manner, despite any apprehensions I may have. That said, I've suffered some pretty uncomfortable visits to medical professionals throughout my life. From having a nurse puncture my 2 year old arm some 20 odd times before my mom walked in the room and stopped her, to a unbalanced oxygen mask knocking me out when I was 17, (I think I died for a second) I think it's fair to say I have just cause for concern.  That said... Dr. Beaulieu is probably the most calming, professional, immediately likable doctor I've ever met. More importantly however... he was the first doctor in my entire life who didn't say something unsettling ten seconds into my exam. Just a sample of some things doctors have REALLY said to me..."I've never seen that before!""It shouldn't do that.""It's not my fault your veins are hard to find.""oops" (followed by silence) "Do you know what this is?" "I was told never to say 'sorry' to avoid lawsuits""I'm in a hurry.""This is my first time doing this." And my least favorite yet, most commonly heard...  "WOW!"I walked in off the street and was being seen by an excellent doctor in a excellent facility, with an excellent staff in 15 minutes. What more could I ask for? I'll be going nowhere else.
<review# 1434,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/27/2010,10/26/2010,276,267,3,5,3>Stopped by here for the first time last night. At first i was a bit dismayed with the charge for chips and salsa. I then noted the Salsa Bar and was very impressed and thus understood that the charge was understandable. An assortment of fresh salsas created me. Some were spicy, some sweet, some roasted. Very nice. I am a big sauce guy. Two thumbs up, I payed for the chips, no problem given this Salsa effort. On to the tacos. I am a taco expert having lived in NY,L.A. and Texas. Too add to that I have dined on some very authentic street food in Mexico City and Tijuana. We tried fish, buttermilk chicken, steak, chorizo and carnitas. The chorizo was interesting. it was large chunks of sausage and strips of roasted green chilies peppers. I was not impressed with the sausage per say, but the roasted pepper was a very nice touch and worked with salsa that was added. As for the Fish Taco, it was good but I really have a hard time signing off on Fish Tacos outside of the West Coast. The Steak Taco was good, with large chunks of steak. That said, it could have used more flavor. The Buttermilk Chicken Taco was great. Original Southern Spin to a Taco. I will buy it, well done! My favorite hands down was the Carnitas Taco. This was VERY GOOD, full of marinated flavor that worked oh so well with the minced onions. Oh man, SO GOOD. I will be back to El Taco to have both of these again! I will also be sure to try the Shrimp Civiche. If any from El Taco reads this, please add Horchata to drink menu. Many families on this Sunday afternoon. Looks like a legit place to bring your young kids on the weekend. Most tables in the joint had kids under 3 years old. I presume the crowd is different on a Friday night, but on the weekends it looks like a nice neighborhood hangout for young families. I will be back.
<review# 1435,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2010,10/25/2010,172,868,9,10,9>Certain pumpkin patches in North Georgia might lead you to believe that a pumpkin stork delivers all those orange orbs to their places in neat, straight rows, precut, cleaned, and ready for carving.Thankfully, the "entertainment farm" at Yule Forest allows you to get the full experience of actually walking around a big field full of pumpkin vines and harvesting the perfect jack o'lantern candidate.  Provided, of course, that you haven't exhausted yourself from jumping around and wreaking havoc on the "pumpkin pillow bounce" in the fun zone.  (Note: pay the $7 to get the value deal that includes fun zone admission.  It's worth it.)Barely half an hour outside of the city, this gem of a Pumpkin Patch cum Christmas Tree Farm offers a lengthy hayride, a petting zoo, pony rides on the gentlest horses I've ever seen, a talking chicken show (new this year, per the website), a bunny pioneer village (a must see), a pumpkin movie, and numerous bouncy, inflatable things for the young and young at heart.  Pumpkin prices rival those at big-box warehouse stores, and the value of the experience is unbeatable.  I can't wait to see what they do at Christmas and redeem my $5 off a Christmas tree coupon in December.
<review# 1436,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/13/2009,10/24/2010,57,302,13,5,7>Do you have  a huge wad of cash? Do you have a hot date you want to impress? Do you enjoy really good food? Are you 50 or older? If you answered yes to any of these questions, you might be a great candidate for La Grotta. The restaurant it self was filled with old, rich Buckheadteers and my group of four young professionals stuck out like a clown at a goth convention. It was a weird experience to say the least. Overall, the service was fantastic and the food was great. However, the total had a comma in it.
<review# 1437,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2010,10/23/2010,100,145,6,6,4>Im a fan fan fan fan fan fan!+1 star for the $14.99 all you can eat meat (all sorts of pork and beef).went there for a friends bday today. the service was so goooood even tho the restaurant was PACKED and we had 2 tables of 6 each.everything was so delish!my complaints/minor little things that dont REALLY matter in the long run, but would like to fix (and it really didnt hinder how delish it was since i still gave them 4 stars!):-the sheets are rice wrapper are cut too small. but then again, if the meat is cut small, its not an issue-the pork come in long, uncut slices (versus the precut slices at honey pig) and took longer to cook-the beef came in thin sheets that were 'curled' and if u didnt monitor it closely, it overcooked easily.fyi--you should grill the raw garlic and jalepeno, sooooo goooooood!fyi2--i think they are open super duper 2am late. can u imagine this deliciousness in your mouth in the wee hours of the morning?? theyre g-g-g-g-g-grrrrrreat!
<review# 1438,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2010,10/22/2010,298,329,8,23,7>Although the only foot massages I've ever received were grudgingly given by past boyfriends after hours of begging and pleading (and these were not technically free of charge, per say...), I can still attest that the service I received at Royal Foot Spa was incredible and could not have been better.The atmosphere is dark and a bit dingy, but the six massage chairs in the main area are extremely comfortable and in excellent condition. The black leather chairs, which resemble over-sized home theater seats, recline back all of the way and make it very easy to relax and zone out during the hour-long massage (10 minute soak, 40 minute foot, and about 10 minute head/scalp/shoulder). For the first few minutes, I was worried that there'd be no background sound besides the squish of lotion and patting of skin (not so pleasant), but they soon turned on some relaxing, word-less music.On a late Sunday afternoon, it was not crowded, and I was seated immediately and never felt rushed. I can see how it wouldn't be the best place to go to with a group, but it's a great thing to do solo or with a friend. At $25, this deal is really hard to beat, and I will never return to an overpriced spa again. I only wish I had tried Royal Foot Spa earlier; I can only imagine how much less stressful my work life in Atlanta would've been! A few last bits of advice:- Don't come with your hair done (it'll get mussed up and lotion-y).- They do give you a towel to cover your lap, but I still wouldn't wear a dress or skirt. - Wear shorts or easily rolled-up pants (for extra calf action).- Don't wear much foundation or make-up - they do massage your face.
<review# 1439,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2010,10/21/2010,49,397,3,4,3>So I'm not a big barbecue fan. It makes my mother wonder how she got me, but frankly, a lot of other things do as well. It's never my first choice when someone suggests dining out. My friend was feeling like large amounts of smoked meat, so I went along.We were seated immediately and served equally quickly. I got the pulled chicken sandwich with a side of mac & cheese and he got the brisket with sweet potato tots and slaw. The portions were huge and I only ended up finishing half of mine. The mac & cheese was solid and the chicken wasn't fatty at all. The sweet potato tots were an excellent mix of salty and sweet (not a combination I'm normally a huge fan of) and the brisket was also really good. It was a little fatty, but tender and well seasoned. The waitress was helpful and congenial. It was a tad on the pricey side for a barbecue restaurant, but they are in the Highlands and I'm sure rent isn't cheap.They also had live music and I ended up being part of the entertainment when my friend pulled me up to dance. All and all, I'll be back, though maybe for the sake of the wait staff remain seated during the entire meal.
<review# 1440,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2010,10/20/2010,214,189,2,16,11>I'm sure the fitness-conscious have been aware of the non-traditional work-out industry for a while now--the aim is to get people into an activity rather than simple weightlifting or working on machines.  Yoga, tai chi, rock climbing--all of these activities involve a certain body awareness and require a basic level of core strength and fitness, and they're usually fun enough so you're never really thinking about sets and reps and muscle groups.Last night, I encountered one the toughest but most-enjoyable workouts when I went to the Circus Arts Institute.  Located in a loft complex near Dekalb Ave, I joined a number of students (I was one amongst four beginner students, in particular) for a 90-minute session consisting of a pretty strenuous warm-up and cool-down as well as activities including tightrope walking, rope climbing, and trapeze.  I would find myself both wired and tired after the session, the excitement and fun of what we did clashing with the unexpected amount of exertion required.Everyone here is all smiles and encouraging, eager to see you succeed in anything that you might try.
<review# 1441,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/7/2010,10/19/2010,349,547,16,7,11>I really like the Graveyard but I always feel mad uncool here. (Story of my life.) Sometimes the judgmental looks from hipsters gets to be too much for this girl. Somehow I'd rather be judged by preppy kids in Buckhead or slutty girls in midtown than by the cool kids in EAV.Drinks are cheap and freaking strong; we all got shitfaced here on like three drinks, which made for an interesting night. (Par for the course for me because I'm a lightweight, but everyone else was a little confused about how things got so sloppy so fast.) The bartenders are pretty nice, though the door guy was kinda a jerk. The fries look ace and they have a house-made black bean burger that I'd like to try at some point, so maybe I'll come here for food one day.I think the Graveyard will remain in my every-once-in-a-while rotation as it's generally a good time.
<review# 1442,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2010,10/16/2010,113,184,8,6,5>I'll be upfront and admit I know nothing about pho.  I didn't even know what pho was until a few years ago.  And I didn't know it was pronounced "phuh" until a few months ago.  I was one of those asses that came in and ordered pho, as in "she was a ho, fo' sho'."  Pho Dai Loi is the only place I have ever even eaten pho, but I definitely like it.  I have had the crazy combo pho which comes with all kinds of strangeness like tripe.  Good, but I definitely prefer the pho tai, which is pho with just rare steak slices.  In my pho education, I have come to learn that good pho tai isn't cooked with the steak in it, but that the steak is added last minute and it cooks in the warm broth.  This is how they do it at Pho Dai Loi, so the steak stays nice and juicy with hints of pink color. Don't tell anyone, but pho isn't even the main reason I come here (gasp!).  It is good, but I literally dream about their spring rolls.  They are fat, hand wrapped, filled with big ole shrimp and served with the most delicious peanut sauce.  Someone put a nice photo of them on here which I have voted as Very Helpful since it has already gotten me salivating.  Also, they have bubble tea - YAY! - in all sorts of fun flavors like honeydew and mango.  The ambiance of this place is indescribable.  It is like a 1960's cafeteria with a giant chandelier to keep it classy.  Sometimes you share tables with people, like the wonderful Vietnamese family of 4 (5 if you include the absurdly precious 3 month old) we sat with and chatted to last time.  The food will come out in under 5 minutes, no matter what you order, but you may have to flag down one of the innumerable yellow-shirted waiters to get more drinks.  They are always speedwalking somewhere - where to?  who knows.  But they keep this place running, and let me tell you that at noon on Sunday, this place is Packed with a capital P.   Last time we came, there were about 5 tables of people waiting to be seated ahead of us, but somehow we all were seated in under 2 minutes.  And try as we may, my husband and I can't seem to spend more than $30 at this place.  I guess at some point I should give another pho restaurant a try (maybe Pho Dai Loi #1, if that even exists?), but for now I'll probably keep coming back to my first and only Vietnamese love.
<review# 1443,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2010,10/15/2010,789,691,7,12,12>Best Korean restaurant in Doraville. I've been here countless times, and the food is consistently good. My favorite dishes are the Mushroom Dol Sot Bi Bim Bop (which is now $12.95) and the regular Bi Bim Bop ($10.95). I think their bi bim bop is the best in Atlanta, and they always have a good banchan selection. Tonight we had 10 different banchan - my favorites were the eggplant and the green beans, and my mom & aunt's favorite was the radish kimchi. I got the Bi Bim Bop again - delicious as always, fresh, & healthy tasting. I love that they add sesame leaves, too - and another thing they do differently is having the fried egg "over easy" which I didn't like the first time but now I actually like it and think it does add to the flavor. Mom enjoyed her "Duk Mandu Guk", my aunt enjoyed her "Soon Dubu Jigae", and my dad thought the "Yuk Geh Jang" was just ok b/c it wasn't spicy enough (I agree ... it sure looked very red though). Overall, everyone enjoyed their meal and service was good. FYI - lunch prices are about $3 cheaper. Also, effective April 2010, they're closed on Wednesdays. They have a cute sign on the door that says they're closed on Wednesdays so Grandma can rest from cooking :) How can you argue w/ that? :)
<review# 1444,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2010,10/14/2010,77,125,8,10,7>I've been here a few times but nothing has ever topped my last visit there this past Sunday when I was forced to take my mother here for Mom's Day (it's her favorite restaurant as of late). Like any other normal buffet, Atlantic Buffet is all you can eat everything. There are so many choices you can't help but to spend at least a couple of hours in there. In addition to your mainstream Chinese fare (noodles, fried rice, General Tso chicken, sticky rice, honey chicken, coconut shrimp, pepper steak, Chinese veggies, etc.), there are a number of other goodies, including: steak, HUGE leg of lambs, melt-in-your-mouth ribs, oysters, grilled and fried squid, mackerel fish, baked seabass, a sushi bar, crab legs, pot roast (deeelicious), mac-n-cheese (just okay), grilled asparagus, soups, and.... that's all I can remember for now-- Mmm and for dessert there is a nice assortment of goodies including fruit and cakes, but the most popular and the greatest is the ICE CREAM. Now, I'm not even a sweets type of person but I think that ice cream has crack in it. I am not sure of the brand but it's very likely the best I've ever had. Mmm and fresh, hot donuts sprinkled with sugar crystals... oh my those were the best. Yes, I do realize this makes me sound like a glutton and although I once could be considered as such nowadays I can better control myself. However, Atlantic Buffet is definitely a guilty pleasure for when I am "forced" to go...
<review# 1445,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2010,10/13/2010,244,602,20,25,19>In a recent article, the AJC's John Kessler used the Iberian Pig as a litmus test for the restaurant set. He contends that most who like the Iberian Pig care more about the experience a restaurant serves up than its food. I can see where he's coming from since, depending on the night, the Iberian Pig serves up an upscale energy that's simultaneously chaotic and downright enjoyable. Laughter bubbles up from the bar and in the dining room, plates constantly shift position and sassy servers celebrate orders with high fives to customers. As with most places with tapas, people reach across their tablemates to sample and share as they nibble and nosh and sip on fancy, retro-inspired cocktails. It's a scene indeed.However, JK's pronouncement disregards the food. In fact, he's on record for finding the food here unmemorable. And that's where we differ. Not only have I enjoyed my experiences at the Iberian Pig, but I enjoyed the food as well. The Iberica Jamon was nutty and buttery, the pork cheek tacos were at once crunchy and meaty. The bacon wrapped dates were clichéd, but clichés exist for a reason since we ate that stuff up. The pork tenderloin is a huge portion, easily shared with a group. Easy as it is to dry out a pork loin, ours was still juicy.  The salchicha platter of chorizo, lamb and fennel sausages is a sausage party I didn't mind attending for once. And the haute dog....let me talk about that later.Sure there were misses. The octopus is chewy. Some of the sauces are busy (for example, the cherry sauce atop the pork loin was slightly cloying and probably could've used an edit or two.) It's not really authentic Spanish food, so I wouldn't really go in expecting as much. And yes, the aforementioned fancy cocktails can create a significant halo effect that may soften the blow of mis-executed food. (Yah, them's drinks give a good buzz, I tell yous.) But I was still sober when I had that espresso aioli that most foodies turn their nose up at.  Call me a rube, but I still enjoyed that shit.So the rube finished his night with the Iberian Pig's off-menu "haute dog." It's a hot dog, wrapped in bacon, deep fried and topped with fried shallots, manchego cheese,  and a red pepper aioli. Oh yeah, it's only served after 10:30 (though our wonderful server got it to us at 10, because we asked her.) Gimmicky? You bet your ass. Tasty? Again, ass betting should be commenced. If being a rube means being a sucker for a fun atmosphere, good service and tasty, if not sophisticated food than I plead guilty as charged, friends, guilty as charged.Four and a half stars rounded up to five.
<review# 1446,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2010,10/12/2010,43,51,3,25,10>exhale Spa's 16th property opened in Midtown Atlanta yesterday.  The facility is exhale's largest and includes (drumroll):* The international brand's first spin room (called "core cycling")* Top end gym equipment* Two studios, one for yoga classes and the other for Core Fusion classes* 15 spa therapy rooms* A nail bar and mani/pedi stations* A hammam (the first in Georgia that I know of)* Steam rooms* And of course locker rooms and amazing rainfall showers.  ...Basically, this *spa* does it all!  Love the idea of leaving the traditional gym environment for one that is just as intense and disciplined, but endlessly more welcoming and mindful.  The staff here are very caring and have gone above and beyond to make me feel personally welcome.It's the Core Fusion classes that first drew me in to the spa.  I've been taking classes with the teachers and staff here for a few months (pre-opening), plus doing DVDs of the classes (sold on Amazon) for about a year.  These classes are well rounded and serve as *intense* strength, cardio,  and balance/coordination training by employing pilates, yoga, bar exercises, and tons of proprietary combinations.  The classes are also very safe for those with knee issues (i.e. yours truly).  And honestly, since we all go to the gym to look good, I can promise you these classes work.  I've completely re-shaped my body and lost a ton of weight (yeah, not saying how much on a Yelp review).  This was the first program that conquered my life long problem areas, which I thought would be impossible.  There is a reason exhale is famous for creating the best butts in the business ;).  As embarrassing as all that personal detail may be to write, I do want to get the word out so that others can experience this too, because it's really improved my life.Other things I love about exhale Spa:* Locker rooms full of yummy products -- no more packing shampoo, lotion, body wash, even deodorant, razors, and hair spray.  This is like visiting your best friend's place.* Yoga and Core Fusion mats, weights, stretch bands, towels, etc. are all provided complimentary with class.* An outdoors patio with hammocks.  Super comfy and with million dollar views of the midtown skyline.  * Huge, freshly cleaned showers with rainfall heads.  The perfect end to a Core Fusion class that leaves you nearly unable to walk.* Validated parking.* Super luxe and posh decor -- wide hallways, huge tiles, large windows.  Fits right into the Loews hotel it's located within.* Privacy from classes for those enjoying spa treatments (though I have yet to do a treatment).  * Online scheduling for classes and therapies.Can't wait to try the traditional spa treatments and add more to this review.  For now, in sum, this is my new home away from home.  If you've read my other spa reviews, you know I'm all about a facility that really takes you away from the day-to-day to a special place of relaxation and transformation.  exhale Midtown is exactly that place.
<review# 1447,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/24/2010,10/11/2010,257,221,26,16,7>I went to Havana last Friday night with a friend.  We parked across the street at Anthony's because of the line to park at Havana's.  (Based on the other reviews, this was a good thing.)  Walking up to the door, I knew my friend and I were in trouble.  Frankly, we didn't look like hookers.  I'm willing to skank it out a bit if I need to, but my friend and I looked like suburban housewives compared to the girls going in this club, and we had on tight jeans and cute shirts!The doorman was very nice to us.  I had to admit, I was worried when I saw how the women were dressed going in, but we got in with no problem and a $5 cover.  Like everyone else has said, there are three different areas, but the main space is broken up into a section upstairs - larger dancing area and few tables and downstairs - stripper pole and sofa/high-top table seating.  We walked through the rooms with Latin music and house music, but they were much smaller rooms and super crowded, so we stuck to the main room.  As for the crowd, we weren't feeling it.  They were a little young and honestly, tasteless.  But isn't everyone when they're young???  And there were some seriously older men in there with younger women - I mean 20 years older than me.  It freaked me out a bit because these old guys were dressed like the guys in their 20's.  An Affliction t-shirt on a 50-yr-old looks...well, bad.I didn't have problems getting drinks, but then again, I avoided the female bartenders who spent more time flirting than pouring.  And this club had three of them! Slackers!And there was a lot of cigar smoking.  I'm guessing it's the new "young guy" thing to do this.  There was also a lot of cigarette smoking, but the space is big enough in the front to move around to avoid.  I didn't smell like I'd rolled in an ashtray when I left, and that's always a plus.I gave Havana 3 stars because with the right crowd, this would be a happening spot. I like the layout and the use of space, but I'll have to pass on Friday night.  Let me finish by mentioning the older Middle Eastern man who asked me to dance and when I said no, offered to pay me $20.  Honestly, I might have done it if he'd offered $50.  *snicker*  So if any of you girls are looking for a senior citizen hookup, this might be a good spot!
<review# 1448,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2010,10/10/2010,149,144,31,29,14>I loved my first experience at Jeju.  It was nice and relaxing to be able to lay around in the various saunas, watch a little bit of Korean TV, do a little bit of people watching, etc.  However, the best part was the naked part.  No, it's not co-ed (thank God!).  They have separate male and female bath areas.  You might see a boy as old as 7-8 in the female side with their mom, but that's as co-ed as it gets.  The bath house was pretty impressive.  They had several community baths, many sitting and standing shower stations, an aroma therapy room, and a separate area for scrubs.  I decided to try out a full body scrub.  What an experience!  First of all, the women who are doing the scrubbing have uniforms--black lacy underwear.  I'm not sure why their underwear is black because the lace defeats the purpose of hiding anything.  I don't know why I found that funny, but I did.  Haha!  You know they work there because they're the only ones wearing underwear.   Anyway, you'd think that being a grown woman laying completely naked on a table being scrubbed by another woman (complete stranger) in an open area with several other naked women would be a bit awkward.  However, getting scrubbed wasn't the awkward part.  The difficult part was getting onto that slippery, wet, vinyl table and staying on while you're being scrubbed.  At the end of the scrub, the scrubbing lady told me to curl up into a ball.  So I did, and she spun me around on the table, 180 degrees, so that my head would be towards the shampoo station.  I didn't know I was going to get a scrub and a breakdancing lesson!  Besides the slipping, sliding, and spinning on the vinyl table, I enjoyed my very first scrub.  I felt squeaky clean, and my skin was sooooo soft, like babies' skin.Jeju Sauna rocks!  All you need is your license and a major credit card and you're set for as long as you want to stay there.  It's open 24-7.  You can sleep in the common area, eat in the food court, bath in the bath house, exercise in the mini-gym, play video games in the arcade, etc.  They provide all the toiletries, towels, and toothbrush.  The best part of Jeju Sauna is that it's clean.  No mold or mildew!  I'll definitely be visiting Jeju again.
<review# 1449,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/20/2010,10/9/2010,144,95,48,35,19>This place is so new that I had to add the business listing for it.  That said, the 9:35 am class I attended today was full.  It's everything stereotypical of Buckhead: all white, mostly thin, fairly bougie-looking ladies with the random rippling sparkle of big diamond wedding rings in the studio lights.  It's sort of difficult for me to review this place because some of it is just my personal style.  I wasn't a fan of the music (Justin Bieber, house remixes of Sting) and I wasn't a fan of the Olivia Newton John, 'let's get physical' aerobics feel.  I felt like I was in the preamble to an all girl orgy porn.  Not a criticism per se, but my inner 14 year old boy was snickering through the entire class.  Tell me it's not distracting to watch a room full of women thrust against their reflections with breathless, straining faces.  The workout itself was great.  Exactly what I've been looking for:  largely isometric, highly toning, lively.  The hourlong class zoomed by and I liked the emphasis on stretching afterward.  The teacher helped me with the poses when I found myself (inevitably) going in the wrong direction.Oh - and the sign on the bathroom?  'Pure Potty'.  I'm sorry, what?  Pure Potty?  Made me feel like I was in a gymboree class for grownups.  It's the bathroom, y'all.  And the teacher kept referring to the 'seat' exercises.  We can't call it our ass, butt, or even bottom.  It's your 'seat'.  Your 'tight seat', to be specific.  *heh.  she said 'tight seat'.  heh*For all this making-fun, I really did enjoy the workout. So much that I purchased more classes and am looking forward to them.  Next time I'll just make sure to bring some multi-cultural friends and insist they play Crime Mob or something.
<review# 1450,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/3/2010,10/8/2010,178,178,5,5,5>If having the best ice cream in the history of mankind is like seeing God, then my buddies and I had a full-blown religious experience at Morelli's. Hand-rolled waffle cones dipped in chocolate? Seriously?!? The thing was so fresh it was still warm when we held it in our hands and gobbled it down. This is what you call "the extra mile," as Jake's, Rita's and Bruster's start to look like also-rans.So... make the trek here for the creamiest ice cream in the city. but plan on spending some time in line cuz the word is getting out. The place was lauded by Bon Appetit magazine for good reason.
<review# 1451,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2010,10/7/2010,357,369,30,25,32>I don't bother explaining it to people.  If I am pressed for specifics, I mention the quantifiable: Air, thick with smoke. Drinks, cheap in cans. Jukebox, full of tunes. Don't touch it. It's for the dancers.I've been a half dozen times in the past year and each encounter manages to top the previous.  I've taken hardened, cynical touring rock musicians, degenerates, and NYC-supremacists and received endless, elated hugs throughout a debaucherous night, with hoarse, strained voices screaming above the Metallica karaoke singer, "thank you for bringing me here!"Blondie's niece is taking on the can crushing torch, but instead of wedging it between her breasts, she's squashing it betwixt her ass cheeks.  It has its place and time, of course, but it's not as rewarding to not leave with a black eye from a titty slap [true facts].It's an amazing, wondrous place, full of the characters you'll meet in the next great American novel: the refined, the Dixie deep fried, the repressed, the ostentatious, the dirty, the beautiful, the innocent and the guilty.  5 throbbing, smoky, heart spilling, can-crushing stars.
<review# 1452,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2010,10/6/2010,94,68,5,7,9>Hooray!  The frozen yogurt gods have answered my heartfelt prayers for a place just like this!  Located in the coolest of the cool Vinings Jubilee, this trendy dessert bar is the perfect place for us all to gorge on frozen, self-serve, guilt-free pleasure to our hearts' content!  First: Share love; not your icky germs.  Get a squirt from the automatic hand-sanitizer machine, located next to the cups. Next: There are tons of flavors that you can mix and match -- plain, ferrero rocher, taro, cookies and cream, dark chocolate, blueberry, pineapple, mango, pomegranate, green tea, and vanilla.  They let you try the flavors in little paper cups before you commit to a flavor, so don't be shy: sample them all!  (From personal experience: tart and non-tart do not always mix well).Next: Pile on the toppings!  For me, 2 scoops of mochis are a must! There's also cereal, nuts, candies, chocolate chips, coconut, but I usually head straight for the fresh fruit: blackberries, mango, strawberries, pineapple, blueberries, kiwi, etc.  They do a great job of supplying fresh fruit, cut into the perfect bite-size chunks.  Love it!Last: Put your masterpiece on the scale and pay.  Everything is sold by weight, so you can theoretically make your treat as cheap or pricey as you want, but I've found that $4 and change is about average.Enjoy!
<review# 1453,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/23/2009,10/5/2010,193,304,3,7,4>One Midtown has a great looking interior.  Good energetic, fun vibe, not veering into pretentious or club-like feel that plague certain similar places.  I've eaten here before the chef change, but this review is based on my recent visit with a large party for friend's birthday.  Our table got two servers because it's a large party.  One of them gave exceptional service, truly praise-worthy, attentive, helpful, friendly and professional.  Unfortunately the other server not so much.  I like that they have four price tiers (all reasonable) of wines to choose from and for the price of a bottle you can opt for bottomless glass instead, which lets you drink all the wines on that tier.  Good way to try many wines if you can handle it.  The foods we ordered were executed nicely, for the most part.  Tasty burger, fries, squid.  Raw oysters were fresh although came with too much relish on top.  Foie gras risotto had good texture, tasted great, but I couldn't taste or see any foie gras.  I think both the selection and execution are better with this new chef, but the selection is still the main problem for me.  Since this is not based on execution it's purely subjective: this menu (even if you account for periodic changes) is not only short, it just has too few dishes I would want to come here specifically to eat.  I am not going to list what I had to chose from.  Most dishes were just not exciting, appealing enough if you go out to eat a lot.  It's not like La Pietra, Shaun's, or Rathbun's, where you almost want to try everything on the menu.        I really enjoyed the atmosphere of One Midtown, the bottomless wine thing, and the exceptional service that half of our table got.  No glaring mistakes from the kitchen.  The limited choices is what makes me give it 3 stars.
<review# 1454,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/14/2009,10/4/2010,124,182,6,10,6>I was brought here not having any clue about this place, just that it was called "The Gold Room".  At first I thought they were referring to the new Aurum Lounge, but they are separate places with two equivalent names, and both of them have opened very recently.This place is located in the Lindbergh Area, and apparently used to be a strip club.  Coming in here, I can totally see how it used to be.  Apparently the owners are trying to distance themselves from the strip club aspect and make it a pure nightclub, but they can't escape how the club has been built.  First off, there are big bouncer dudes outside and a check-in area to pay cover, which COULD be nightclub-ish but just gives off a stripclub vibe.The inside is very, very nice.  On the night I went, I paid a $10 cover, but I heard the prices varying from free to $20, so I have no clue.  There are a few VIP-looking tables/areas as well, but none of them were enforced the day I went.  The upstairs area looks down into the main floor through glass windows, and I guess that could be converted to a VIP lounge if necessary.  The main lounge downstairs has a very cool bar area with multiple huge TVs playing in the background and a lot of nice liquor bottles being backlit.The music was relatively good... it wasn't super generic club music but it wasn't anything special either.  This place doesn't seem TOO conducive to dancing... I think the crowd preferred to bob their heads and shuffle their feet but there wasn't too much outright dancing like in other clubs.  More like a people-watching venue, but not in a super pretentious way.The crowd was very good looking, probably one of the best overall average looks places I've seen in Atlanta so far.  Then again, I've only gone once so please don't take my word for it.The only thing taking it down from 5 stars is that it is pricey as expected for a club (cocktails for 8-10 bucks, beers for 5-6 bucks) and it's not diverse.  There were a few black people here and there, but it's mostly white.  I was the only asian person i saw there all night, except for the bartender asian girl.Still, this place is worth checking out at least once.  Great ambiance, venue, etc.
<review# 1455,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2010,10/3/2010,777,438,3,5,7>I came here for the brunch for the first time today. I arrived 13 minutes after it opened and the place was already getting busy. The windows were opened so there were a lot of natural light shining through :) The place looks very quaint and lively during brunch, but I like the romantic ambient during dinner better.  The restaurant was well-staffed and service was very timely. Our waitress was very friendly and attentive. I order the Chicken Poulet; fried chicken, grits, and a biscuit the size of a cd (no lie!). What a sight to see! Hot damn! The dish was pretty good, although I have to say the grits was a little dry. I knew it was going to be thick, as the waitress forewarned, but it was also a little too dry for my taste. Overall though, I was very satisfied. I'm also ashamed to say the portion was too big for me and had to get a to-go box.I also revisited downstairs. Free wi-fi, great hang-out, some cool random books to look at ( pictures from Katrina aftermath, and a how to plan your pregnancy...), really yummy looking goodies that would be sinful for me to have after the big meal. I got to meet Chef Nick, who was kind enough to step from the kitchen to say hi and asked about our dining experience.
<review# 1456,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2010,10/1/2010,213,662,15,7,9>Today I wandered through Fairlie Poplar, looking for something to Yelp about. Seduced by the historic building and bold outdoor signage, I chose J&G Fish and Grits. A board at the front touts the daily $5.98 lunch special. I chose the fried tilapia, collard greens and blackeyed peas. Breaded and cooked to order, the tilapia took a while, but it was worth the wait, accompanied by a foil-covered container of tartar sauce. The shining collard strips were tender and full of flavor, while the blackeyed peas achieved just the right amount of mushiness. Plus, my meal came with a cornbread square. Instead of containing a Drinks or Beverages section, the menu at the front has a Wash It All Down heading, where I saw the peach iced tea. Unfortunately, the staff member informed me she hadn't made any yet. A man who looks like Dwayne Wayne 20 years later brought me a few condiments and cleared my dirty tray. While J&G Fish and Grits offers a bare bones decorative scheme, the staff bursts with personality. I was surprised by how much I liked it, and stoked by the throwback to A Different World.
<review# 1457,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2010,9/30/2010,1969,871,7,10,9>Simply one of the best most entertaining and delicious dining experiences I've had since I moved to ATL! An upscale restaurant with casual comfortable service and atmosphere. Tables are little tight!Antipasto Misto Appetizer was excellent and plenty of food for 4ppl. The Bread/Olive Oil was plentiful and they kept on bringing more, some of the best most flavorful Olive Oil I've ever had!Opted for two 1/2 course Pasta dishes: Spaghetti alla Vongole, the pasta was perfectly cooked al dente, the flavor and the amount of clams in the dish were again plenty. Risotto al Frutti de Mare one of the most robust and flavorful I've had, I make this at home and have been told mine is excellent, this reminded me of my own process and method to infuse an amazing amount of flavor without over powering the dish. I always make sure there is an over abundance of seafood in my version and Sotto Sotto has the same philosophy, well done.Zuppa de Chocolate for dessert! OK I've never had a bowl full of soup entirely made of rich liquid Milk Chocolate. I almost picked up the bowl to drink from it and even thought of licking it clean. Then I came to my senses and did it anyway!I'm looking forward to my next visit! Keep up the good work!
<review# 1458,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/18/2010,9/29/2010,98,77,9,6,5>Do you like neon lights and flashy singles?  Then you will love the bar at Sage's Tavern.  I went here one evening for a night cap with the BF.  We wanted to check out the place that had taken the Houlihans space and see if it's any good.   We walked in and WOW, there is A LOT of neon going on in the bar.   We sat down and first noticed the stage/dance floor, which we spent a good few minutes debating about which it was supposed to be.  Our waitress came by and explained it was a dance floor.  I guess if its that small, it probably gets packed pretty easily!I had several martini's and they were actually pretty good, especially for the price.  We also ordered dessert-some layered cake which was awesome!   Much better than Cafe Intermezzo!   I am looking forward to eating here at some point, the menu looks decent...and if the dessert was that good, hopefully the food will follow suite.I was intrigued by the crowd, basically the bar was filled with very intoxicated people being very obvious when trying to pickup on each other, which was quite entertaining to watch.  One older woman so wasted she kept forgetting to cross her legs..... she actually had to be helped from the porch to a booth by a waiter.   I couldn't stop watching this train wreck.  There was also a creepy guy at the bar staring at two girls next to him.  He finally made his move after about an hour.  Or you might notice the big man in the white suit complete with kerchef in pocket who walked in and kept talking very loudly on his cell phone.  Lots of older singles, definitely looking to mingle!Why the only A-OK rating?  I got annoyed because our server kept flirting with my boyfriend.  UM, hey chick?  I am right here and you are going to get whatever tip I tell him to give so back up off him already.  Other than that, the place was alright.  I'll probably go back soon, maybe my rating will improve.
<review# 1459,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/6/2010,9/28/2010,145,240,9,7,6>This place is down some Marietta back roads in no man's land (for me). But when you've got time and it's a three day weekend, well what the hell?! I thought that I was really in for one of those "diamond in the rough" moments, but I thought the pastries that we tried were just average to good.The pistachio macaron was the shit - more and more flavor built with each chomp. The chocolate macaron didn't at all fall in the same ballpark. Almond number with "puff pastry" and hazlenut cream wasn't really flaky like most puff pastry but decent. A chocolate chip marble cake was kind of meh. It had an off flavor and was a bit dry.I had no idea this was a full-on sandwich shop as well, so I thought I'd put that out there for others. One thing that really gets my goat is when an uninformed employee doesn't immediately check on something I ask about.Me - What's the Tigre like?Twilight fangirl employee - Ummmmm. Ummmmm. I don't know, it has chocolate in it.Seriously just ask someone my little tweelight friend. Overall a good bakery if you're in the area.
<review# 1460,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2010,9/27/2010,56,148,10,12,4>Went to Nori Nori again last night for a birthday party with family. I don't know what it is about buffets, but I turn into an absolute beast in there. I took down more crab leg in one sitting then most people eat in a year. There were a coupe of friendly fire shots aimed towards my table mates. All you really saw were crab bits and juice flying all over the place. I normally try to eat high quality sushi and sashimi most of the time and stay away from the mediocre crap, but at a buffet you got to lower the standards and shoot for the stars. I think Nori Nori has the better quality selection out of all the buffets I've been to. The space is huge and they have a good contrast of cold and hot items. I especially like the udon bar which let's you make your own combo. After gorging on whatever you please you can saunter over to the crepe station and they'll whip you up a nice crepe with all the fixins in a couple of seconds. I've never walked out of here dissatisfied... ever.... I'm still sleepy from the meal....
<review# 1461,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2010,9/26/2010,57,62,4,8,4>I've now been to Leon's several times, so I think it's safe to pass out a rating at this point.  The service is consistently excellent, sometimes phenomenal.  The drinks are inventive and such an experience for your tastebuds.  The fries are fun, we've been offered free sauces to try regularly.  Also, who can pass up bacon in a glass?It can get quite crowded, and if you're sitting inside, the noise level can get rather overwhelming, but your mouth will thank you for going here.  It seems to me that Leon's tries really hard to make you stop and pay attention to the flavors of the food, and that makes eating here really enjoyable.  On top of that, with their commitment to local and sustainable foods, I'll know be back many more times.  I'm also secretly hoping to catch a glimpse of Leon, whose living quarters they say are up the ladder in the back of the restaurant. ;)
<review# 1462,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/21/2010,9/25/2010,40,33,4,8,8>This has become a favorite spot of ours for Sunday nights. The pizza is really good - particularly the namesake Vesuvius pizza. Yummy buffalo chicken with blue cheese. The flavors really meld well together. I think we have tried almost every specialty pizza on the menu and the Vesuvius is still my favorite. The space is cool and laid back. It's a huge loft with some nice brick and wood features. The staff is nice. I'm bad about names, but one of the servers we get a lot is a very tall man with red hair.. super nice. As is the manager Drew. It is on Edgewood which isn't ideal for parking and perhaps is a little scarier looking then say a place in midtown. But, its the city. Eating in the city sometimes requires street parking and getting over your fear of areas less familiar. Bottom line - friendly staff, nice space, and good people. What's not to like?
<review# 1463,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2010,9/24/2010,81,348,15,11,9>I'm laughing at all of the 1 and 2 star reviews...You got to get some history on the V before you visit and before you give it 1-2 stars. This place is a landmark not only because they've been around so long, but because they've been serving the same greasy food for 50 years and now it has become a part of popular culture in ATL. If you want to eat at a place nearby that serves dogs, burgers, chili, o-rings, fries, and orange freezes like the V does, then GO ELSEWHERE. However, if you want a piece of American culture that hasn't changed since the 50's, bring yourself to the V and stand in line, order upon command, and eat what you're given with as many accouterments as you'd like. Try the freaking orange freeze too.
<review# 1464,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/1/2009,9/23/2010,216,468,3,7,6>At some point maybe, in the next couple of years, I will have finally tried nearly every darn Chinese restaurant on Buford Highway. I can now finally cross New Paradise off my list. This place does not engender a feeling of confidence as you approach. With little to no curb appeal, right next to a Napa Auto Parts store and with the look of a converted auto mechanic garage, it's not a place that screams at you as you drive by, "Come try me!"Once inside, however, it has that familiar feel of a Chinese restaurant -- friendly staff, ample seating, large menu -- and no sign of motor oil or hydraulic tools. And the clientele was mostly Chinese, which is a good sign of authenticity in my book. We started with the salt and pepper squid, lightly battered, flash fried with onions, bell and jalapeño peppers. A tad greasy, but tasty none the less.For entrees, we shared three dishes:Wo su duck (I think I remembered that correctly) -- crisp-fried boneless duck with veggies like broccoli, baby corn, snow peas, etc. in brown sauce. This was a bit thin on flavor, but the duck was nice and crispy.General Tso chicken -- an old standby. Solid.Tangerine beef -- nice tangerine flavor but the beef was a little soggy, especially when compared with the crispy duck and chicken in the other dishes.  Overall, not bad for this ugly duckling.
<review# 1465,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2010,9/22/2010,129,504,3,5,4>Top notch across the board.We went with our friends as she had wanted Brussels Sprouts since forever - unfortunately (in what may be the only negative in the night) they were out of season.So, this is one of those places that has jumped on the bandwagon of growing their own stuff for use in their kitchen.  We saw it walking in - there were Farmer D elevated beds with all sorts of green stuff going.We got in and did the Dusk Special (or whatever the hell it's called).  $35 for three courses if you pretend you're a blue hair and get in before 6:30.Okay, I can do that.I had the risotto which totally rocked followed by some cow-based product which was great.  Maria had the shrimp ceviche, which she said was out of this world, with the flounder entree which she also loved.We split a bottle of bubbly because we just do that kind of thing.One of our guests was doing a cleanse and was really struggling to order SOMETHING.Her husband and I suggested a bowl of ice, with water on the side and end with a refreshing steam rinse.Our humor, though witty, was not appreciated.They were very gracious and thoughtful (as in "full of thought") to sort this out for us.Dessert time saw a s'more based dessert that was fine; our cleanser ordered tea and, looking at me dead on, said afterward:"I know you'll review this later on Yelp.  Make sure that you mention how impressed I was with the service and that (for my tea) they brought the cup pre-heated.  Very important.They also advised me that it had been steeping for 1 minute so I could take it out at the right moment.  A lot of times, places don't tell you and the tea comes out too bitter."Okay, done.All in all, a great supper.
<review# 1466,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/6/2009,9/21/2010,223,140,4,12,8>My good friend Nichole was kind enough to join me for dinner at JCT Kitchen, neither of us had been before and we were feeling a little adventurous. For a Sunday night business looked to be picking up rather well. Although not completely full to capacity, business looked to be brisk. We decided to sit outside on their patio. I enjoyed the courtyard view, although I wasn't sure if this was shared space or if they owned the surrounding buildings as well.Our servers were good, not big on small talk as they seemed to be hustling quite a bit. I had the duck confit on my mind initially from looking at the menu online earlier. One of our servers informed us of the Sunday Night Special: a prix fixe, which consisted of 2 entrees and 3 sides that could be shared for $24 a piece. Well, how could we pass to that? Keep in mind this included their biscuits with apple butter and cinnamon butter and a wonderful salad to start. And I almost forgot about the deviled eggs! Those are my vice.Nic went with the fried chicken and I went with the short ribs, our sides were the mashed potatoes, the mac & cheese with bacon and the butter green beans. We were truly happy with our choices. My personal favorite were the mashed potatoes which were wonderfully rich in flavor. To end it off we were given a slice of chocolate cake. Truth be told, I didn't finish that...way too stuffed.Have to give kudos to the staff for not butting into our conversations, yet being very attentive.Looking forward to my next vist!
<review# 1467,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2010,9/20/2010,54,40,11,8,7>It was truly fate that brought me here as I work in the Howell Mill area and was searching for a BoA during my lunch hour when I passed Y!B and literally slammed on the breaks and almost flipped my Jeep turning in. I had already been aware of this restaurant's recent opening but was astonished to see how close it was to my job.I waltz in, a little confused when an employee asks me if my name was Grant. Apparently I walked in on the side where you pick up  to- go orders. After adjusting my bearings I was directed to the correct side of the restaurant where you grab a menu and place your order. I ordered a Sweet Water, yes they have beer AND liquor *cue goose pimples* , a farm-raised Georgia beef burger on Gluten-free bun with avocado, pickles, cage-free egg, American cheese, nitrate-free bacon, red chili, grilled Vidalia onions and side order of fries. My bacon did not taste nitrate-free, my burger did not taste farm-raised, and to be honest,  You could have pumped twice the amount of Gluten in my bun and I wouldn't blink twice, I could care less whether my egg was cage-free...what I do care about is that it was fucking amazing.  I was surprised when the burger came with two fat patties of beef and even more surprised that I could fit it in my mouth, but after a quick flashback of what all has gone in my mouth in the past, I became painfully aware that fitting this burger in my mouth was indeed no large feat. I hope my mom doesn't read this.
<review# 1468,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2009,9/19/2010,49,113,5,7,5>This is really one of my favorite restaurants in Atlanta.  The food here has never failed to satisfy.  I just came here with my parents and boyfriend who is from San Francisco, and he agreed that he loved everything about this place.My favorite dishes are:  1. the Roti Canai (a poofy nan that you rip apart and dip in curry) - I love to keep the curry and pour it over my rice later2. the Satay beef with peanut sauce 3. Char kway teow - spicy stir fried noodles with seafood4. Hainanese chicken - plain chicken but with the special HOT SAUCE omggggg good5. Sarang burong - edible taro root bowl with goodness stuffed inside :)6. Kacang pendek belacan - string beans with spicy meat sauce7. Tofu nyonya - the tofu in this dish is amazing.. my parents know the owner and she explained to them before that they hand make the fried outside of the tofu themselves out of egg.. really one of my favorite fried tofus... sooo tastyand just a comment about all the complaints about the service/cleanliness... really.. just take a look around you... this place would be considered clean compared to 99.99999% of the other restaurants on buford highway.. the service/cleanliness/ambiance at "ethnic" restaurants such as those on buford hwy can in no way be compared to the ones that specifically target the general american public such as top spice.. if you're going to go to these "ethnic" places you might as well get used to the fact that their restrooms are gonna be the next step from hell... if you really want to be shocked by service/cleanliness and want to give a restaurant a 0.00000001 star review on yelp based on these categories.. take a walk through san francisco or new york chinatown
<review# 1469,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2010,9/17/2010,515,139,8,10,10>A Persian food restaurant..  how exotic and exciting!  My wife chose to take me here on my birthday and in the end, I was so glad she did.  I love lamb, it's possibly my favorite meat and this places serves up some great lamb chops. my story here didn't start off so great, but the staff's commitment to customer service is what made this place a 5 star review for me.Our waiter, Marcus(sp?), was helpful in suggesting appetizers.  I appreciated his not pushing us to purchase wine, since i know that kind of stuff can hike up a bill, tho i found it somewhat funny how the underaged greeter did.  She began by telling us how marvelous the wine was and how we should get some, but we later found out she was underaged and she never drank in her life.  She left us after seating us at our table feeling a bit awkward after i questioned her about the age issue thing not adding up.. we thought that was kind of funny and cute.  but anyhoo..  We were started off with a bowl of naan with a side of herbs, cheese, olives, and mint. We ordered bottomless sweet tea, Rumi's Dip (hummus) to compliment our flatbread which was very delicious!  My wife ordered the shrimp kebab (5 star) and I ordered the lamb shank (3 star).  I was at first sad that I was told this was a great item to order, my wife felt sorry for me and gave me half of her shrimp which cheered me up a bit.  But what was really cool was that the waiter noticed me not enjoying the lamb shank a few minutes into our meal and offered to get me something else instead.  I was impressed and upgraded to the Lamb Chops (+$7) which ended up being so delightful!  A few moments later, the manager came up to me to check on us and apologized while mentioning the Lamb Kebab (not what i ordered keke) would be superb.  I appreciated the gesture and my wife and I were cheered immediately.  By the time the Lamb Chops came out I was already pretty full from all the hummus, pita bread, olives, cheese, mint, herbs, shrimp, and rice I had already eaten, so we ate like 3 chops and then took the rest to go.  The only negatives I wanted to mention were that the space was a bit cramped.  I felt we were like 2 feet away from the next table, but this can not be blamed on them as that just means they are super popular and they're just trying to fit as many in at a time to avoid long waits.  I also was a bit bummed that they didn't have any Mint Apple Jelly which is a must for me with lamb chops, but the left overs we took home were thoroughly enjoyed the mint jelly we just so happened to have in our fridge.  Yum!  Hope they keep some in reserve for the occasional guest like myself who may ask them for that. Valet parking is free and friendly.  Wasn't sure how much to tip so we just gave em $3. Overall, the positives totally outweighed the negatives so no minus stars.We were so pleased with our experience we ended up giving a 25% tip to the waiter and now this 5 star review.  Thanks Rumi's Kitchen for experience and making my birthday an awesome one!  We hope to be back soon! cheers~
<review# 1470,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2010,9/16/2010,354,392,4,6,4>It took me way too long to go to Young Blood.  I finally went a few weeks ago, parked at Urban Outfitters (hey, it was 7 p.m. on a Friday, NO parking anywhere) and a bum that just got out of jail walked and talked with me to the store. I went in looking for a present, I wasn't sure what I wanted to get, but I would know it when I saw it.  They have a lot of great, local artist stuff- soap, jewelry, purses, scarves, wallets, clothes, stationary, I think everyone has covered it all in previous reviews.  I did find an apropos gift, and I will definitely be back next time I need to find something unique for a friend.
<review# 1471,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2010,9/15/2010,245,510,8,11,9>What can I say...I got a sweet tooth so I'm not going to complain much about any chocolate or candy. However, I was only able to sample a couple of things here because I only had a hundred spot in my wallet, and couldn't afford more than 5 pieces of chocolate. Serious. Anyway, they make this Fleur De Sel Caramel that is painstakingly good. The salt tapped in the background as the sweetness hit you up front. I could eat tons of these things if I didn't have a mortgage to pay. Now...you are paying $1.25 for each tiny caramel so you better savor it. The other thing I splurged on was interestingly enough: Marshmallows. Holy crap. These are the marshmallows of the ages. Anyone who wastes these marshmallows on a stupid s'more is a schmuck. Say that 10 times. Incredible chew, incredible sweet flavor, it's really not fair that I can't afford them.
<review# 1472,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2010,9/14/2010,296,419,14,11,9>So I'm at my job, diligently working (yea...right) and all of sudden I got hit with a massive hunger pang craving Korean food. My usual lunch salad will not suffice.I remembered a spot my friend went to called Dan Moo Ji (Dan Moo Ji in Korean it is a yellow, sweet, pickled radish that is eaten with many Korean cuisines) and decided to check it out.So I went over to order some food and as soon as I walk in, in unison the female servers and owner (I believe she was) say "Ahn young hae say yo!" which is hello in Korean. Immediately, I noticed that this place is staffed with good looking people. The servers were in their early twenties but the person I noticed the most was the owner. A very attractive Korean lady, mid thirties to early forties (can you say cougar!), make up on, with short red brownish hair......wait a minute this is a restaurant review...uhhhYea...as soon as I walk in the restaurant, I could see it was decorated nicely. The style was very anime and cute like. It was very clean. What I ordered was kim bapp, it is a Korean rice roll (Think of sushi rolls minus the raw fish). In most kim bapp rolls is steamed spinach, egg, sautéed thinly cut carrots, and dan moo ji. The two styles that I ordered were bul-go-gi (Korean sweet beef) kim bapp and kim-chi (picked, spicy cabbage) kim bapp.All I got to say is Mmmm Mmmm. It was soo good! One thing that was awesome was that each roll is $3.50 - $4.00 a roll. Such a great value! They make it on the spot compared to paying more at H-mart, Assi, or Buford Farmers Market and it is not freshly made. The bul-go-gi kim bapp was really good. I could tell that the bul-go-gi that they use was quality and not cheap stuff that some places use. Kim-chi was tasty as well. One thing that I really liked about the rolls was that they added sesame leaves to it. I never had sesame leaves in my kim bapp before. It adds a very nice touch and a unique, fresh taste to it.I'm definitely coming back and will be ordering the other foods on their menu like fried rice, dduk bok ki (spicy rice cakes), ramen (noodles), udon, chicken wings, tempura and other dishes.
<review# 1473,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2010,9/13/2010,94,110,2,6,5>The mister and I had to dress up for a 1940s-themed party, so I went on Yelp and found this store.  It's awesome!  The ladies who work there really know their stuff, and hooked us both up with great costumes.  The prices are a little higher than I was expecting, but the service was excellent - they even touched up our costumes for us.  Another plus is that  if you're renting a costume, you can keep it for 4 days, so no rushing back to the store the day after your big event.It's a fairly large store filled with all kinds of costumes for rent and for purchase - I might need to throw a costume party soon, because I had forgotten how much fun it can be to get all gussied up!
<review# 1474,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2010,9/12/2010,474,1389,,8,4>After years of hearing good things about Wisteria, I decided Inman Park Restaurant Week was the perfect opportunity to try it out.  Fortunately for me, Rachel P felt the same way and was willing to take care of the reservations.  Unfortunately, we picked a night when a large group of conventioneers (known by their oversized lanyard nametags hanging around their necks) were taking up the majority of the restaurant.  So our 8:45 reservation meant that we weren't seated until 9:15.  Good thing for us it was restaurant week because we'd already looked at the menus online and picked what we wanted.There was a set dessert, so I couldn't substitute it for an appetizer, so I opted to order a la carte instead of getting the restaurant week deal.   Loving pimento cheese, deviled eggs, and pickled okra, I opted for the pimento cheese deviled eggs for my appetizer.  For the main, I broke the table's trend and got the fried catfish instead of the fried chicken.The serving of 5 egg halves was generous, and the eggs were tasty.  I'm not a hard-boiled yolk fan, so I would have preferred the filling to be even more of the cheese.  The pickled okra was crisp with a sweet and spicy barbecue tang.  Since I prefer my pickles to be of the dill variety, I wasn't a fan, but I could see that they were well-executed.  The highlight of the dish was the roasted pecans, which nicely complemented all the other flavors.The catfish was delicious!  I had planned on only eating half, but by the time it showed up at 9:45, I was too hungry to set any aside.  The texture and degree of cooking was perfect - light and flaky, still moist, and not at all greasy!  The mixture of stewed okra and tomatoes with green tomatoes underneath was a little more firm than I prefer, but the flavor was delicious.  The horseradish sauce got one bite from me, but I opted for the pure flavor of the fried fish.Service was as to be expected during restaurant week at a place of this size and reputation.  One hostess was quite friendly - always smiling and checking in.  The other didn't remember that we'd checked in, and didn't seem to care whether or not we were ever seated.  The waitress seemed overwhelmed.  She reminded us MANY times that there was NO sharing.  I bring this up only because if she'd listened to our orders instead of saying this again and again, she would have realized that we were all ordering appetizers, and 3 of 4 of us got the fried chicken, and the two of us who didn't order dessert weren't eating sweets, so we didn't even want to share.  She showed that she was quite flustered by the hustle and bustle rather than letting the ease of our orders give her a break.I look forward to going back to Wisteria, hopefully at a less popular time!
<review# 1475,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2010,9/11/2010,63,63,10,6,6>So, my dad's family is Irish. Really Irish. Like I have naturally green eyes and blackish hair Irish. And his eyebrows prove it. Every so often when I see him (parents live about 750 miles away), I force him to allow me to trim his eyebrow. I did not just omit the letter "s" from that unintentionally. So, you might have surmised that I, indeed, inherited the eyebrows that, if unkempt, come to resemble those of a Romulan warlord. There ARE worse alternatives... I could have my mom's ten hairs that claim to be eyebrows. Hey, at least I have something to work with!So, for the last few years, I've been threading, but it's admittedly hit-or-miss... and since I had the baby, my personal maintenance has gone to Hell. So, at the Dad's Garage BaconFest my friend convinced me to get a cheap gift card to a new place, WAX, in the silent auction.So I finally went yesterday... and it was amazing. Whitney shaped my brows... which were grown out since early May (I have a kid!) The salon was fabulous, Whitney was careful, delightful and did an amazing job. I don't think my eyebrows have ever looked better.This was an eyebrow shape, so she used a combination of wax and tweezing to perfect me, and she really succeeded... they look fabulous!Precisely shaped, not too well-matched and clean.LOVE!
<review# 1476,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2010,9/10/2010,98,509,5,6,8>#2 all time best meal in Atlanta.This place is super-hyped and in this case it's true.As much as you might love something on the main menu you should pass it up and go for the tasting menu. It's worth it.The servers are the most educated I've had in Atlanta. From the food origin to wine knowledge, these guys really know their stuff.Food:Shot of liquid that tasted like a caprese salad shot. it was a Willy Wonka moment realizing how they captured the flavor of a salad in a shot. Blew my brain!Rainbow trout: Amazing fish.Pork belly: I was expecting magic on this one, and David Blaine definitely punched me in the face, in a good way.Lamb over farro: I had no idea what farro even was, but the server told us. Crispy and melty and grainy. Hard to describe but friggin awesome.Coca cola brownie + root beer float: Crazy little flavor explosions all over the place.Probably the most expensive meal I've had in ATL, but it was worth every penny of my gfs paycheck. :) Shoutout to the gf!
<review# 1477,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2010,9/8/2010,1772,1772,11,33,16>OK, this place has exceeded my expectations.  I can still taste the burger in my mouth as I am writing this review.  Holeman & Finch gets a lot of hype, especially here on Yelp, and this is one of those rare instances where the restaurant lives up to it, IMO.  I came here last night for a "Cobb Happy Hour" UYE with six fellow Yelpers.  We showed up around 9:15, put our orders in maybe 15-20 minutes later, and all seven of us were able to get burgers.I've heard from a couple other Yelpers that the food, especially the burgers, are not as good as they used to be.  Well, this was my first time trying these things and I can't imagine them being any tastier.  As 10 o'clock rolls around, one of the servers gets on a mega phone and announces to the entire restaurant that "IT'S BURGER TIME!"  These double patty cheeseburgers are pretty close to perfection, from the buns to the cheese to the meat.  I know I savored every bite of mine.  The burgers are served with a side of fries along with spicy mustard and their own homemade ketchup.  In the end, this may very well be the best burger I've ever eaten.Holeman & Finch also has a nice, eclectic selection of animal parts for you to nibble on while you wait for your burgers to be served.  Everything from sweetbread (thymus glands), head cheese (meat jelly), pig ears, lamb tongues, and veal fries (testicles).  Yum.  Jang C. and I split an order of the veal brains.  They were served in a small metal skillet with small slices of toast.  This was my second time trying brains (the other time was pig brains at a hot pot dinner in Chongqing, China - terrible) and these were actually pretty good.  The outside was seasoned and lightly fried.  The texture of the brains themselves were mushy, to be expected, and the flavor reminded me of fish and livers combined.  I also tried a bit of their sheep cheese and it tasted a bit wonky, maybe not for everyone.  I would like to come back to H&F another time just to try their parts menu.Service was great all-around (bartender, server, and even valet).  The restaurant itself can be easy to miss from the road.  Luckily there's a stoplight right at the entrance.  You'll pull underneath what looks like an apartment/condo complex with shops and restaurants at the bottom (Restaurant Eugene and Starfish among them).  Valet parking is available or you can self-park for free on the 2nd level of the deck.  Very cool interior inside.  The unisex bathrooms have sliding doors.  Space inside the restaurant is actually kind of small and seating is very much communal as is the menu (plates are best shared).  They do not take reservations.  Just walk inside and find a seat.  If you are coming with a group, it's best that you all seat at the same time.  Five stars.
<review# 1478,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/3/2010,9/7/2010,166,205,7,5,6>This place was hot hot hot, when it first opened opened opened.  Now, it has settled in as one of Atlanta's quality dining establishments.  I have been here numerous times to eat, drink, and chill.  But for some reason, the more I go, the less I like it.  The service has never been stellar, but definitely above average.  And the ambiance is cool, but it has to be the whitest restaurant in Midtown.  I've gone in many times and been the only Brotha in the place.  Once, no big deal, but 3 and 4 times is a little strange for Midtown Atlanta.   I've seen more color at the symphony.  Also, their vegan options suck.  I can always at least create a vege plate at most places, but almost everything there is drenched with butter, cheese, or some variation of meaty creamy....well, you get it.....and I know that most like it.  I would definitely go back for a liaison over drinks, but my desire to frequent this place has faded like a hollowing voice breathed into a canyon.BTW - I know 'ecco' is a reference to an Italian toast; I'm just a fan of homophones.
<review# 1479,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2009,9/6/2010,97,124,4,12,4>Namaste....When I first started Bikram yoga, I was an extremely non-flexible type of gal. So at first I was intimidated to try Yoga...let alone the Bikram style of yoga. The instructors at Bikram Yoga of Decatur are great!! They take the time to ensure you are comfortable, understand the positions and adjust your body as necessary. The only other Bikram Yoga studio I've tried is in the Highlands and I always felt as if I was slowing the class down. This studio, however, caters to the veterans and the newbies!!Although I still can't touch my toes, I can however hold my on by performing the ~26 positions in the 106 degree temp and my balance and focus has increased tremendously! Try it out for yourself :-)
<review# 1480,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2010,9/5/2010,212,212,3,9,3>OMAN, i saw this place while driving to the Dekalb Famer's Market. AND BOY AM I GLAD I SAW IT.Came back at around 4 PM and saw the sign. ALL BAKED GOODS HALF OFF AFTER 4PM ON SUNDAY AND 6PM FOR THE REST OF THE WEEK.Needless to say, I got a cuban sandwich (which was delicious btw) and a bunch of baked goods (a chocolate brownie with almonds, a ginger cranberry vanilla brownie, and a cranberry oatmeal cookie. So lets start with the sandwich. It was big (check)had plenty of melted cheese (check)plenty of flavorful meat *they are a deli after all* (check) sweet and sour pickles (check)mustard (check). What they didn't have though, was a flattened and toasted crust (blank). As any Cuban sandwich eater knows, thats a must have. Sorry Sawicki's, close but no cigar. Its still a good Sandwich (in fact the top and bottom were buttered for pressing, so they might have just not been pressing hard enough), but if you want an authentic cuban., there are still better places. I need to try the lamb sandwich next. It'll most likely redeem them.What brings it into 4 star territory for me is the fact that the meat was able to make up for the non toastiness. The sweetness of the pickle with the mustard and the salty and flavorful meat.. YUM Yeah, I've gotten better in Florida (where my parents now live) but around here, without waiting for 60 minutes at Papi's, its pretty damn good. And the desserts? Well personally, I LOVED the chocolate almond brownie. It had the crunchy top on it, soft and moist insides (that means a lot of oil all you diet watchers) and when warmed up and served with ice cream (which should be the rule when eating brownies) it just about blew my mind away. YUM. the sweet crunchiness combined with the moist and warm inside (almost liek dark chocolate fudge *it wasnt too sweet btw*) and the cold ice cream = heaven in my mouth.the oatmeal cookie was ok, too crunchy for my taste (i like them thick and soft) jokes abound nowand personally i thought the ginger cranberry vanilla brownie was kinda a miss. My friend loved it tho. I just thought the ginger was way too overpowering. And the best part is, i paid less 10 dollars for the sandwich and all the desserts. Let the working out begin.OH, and they sell glass bottled coke. NICEI'll definitely be back
<review# 1481,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2010,9/4/2010,60,246,19,6,5>Boy is it cold in there!  I wonder why it needs to be so dad gum big.  I bet we could have a Yelp Event in there.  We'd just have to exit every 10 minutes so we don't get sprayed down with sanitizer. The bathroom talks to you, and you really don't have to touch a single thing in there. But someday I might just put on a rainsuit and goggles and see what this self-cleaning thing's all about. I like it. I'd pee in here again.
<review# 1482,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2010,9/3/2010,158,678,5,5,6>A repeat visit has warranted an update. Why? This normally brisket-hating fiend just found her brisket heaven here. Throw it on chili. Throw it on my tots. Throw it all over my body - I'm totally okay with that! Seriously, it's GOOD. Moist, tender, juicy... it doesn't really need sauce, but if you want a little extra sweet tang, add just a drop. You'll want to savor each and every moment that the meat graces your tongue, and you might actually shed a few tears when you realize your plate's clean and there isn't any more.And if you hear the special sides of the day are Frito pie or jalapeno stew (or if you're lucky, both in one night), GET THEM. The Frito pie is especially amazing. Take a bag of Fritos, open it up, put some of that delicious brisket chili on top, and serve. The jalapeno stew is a flavor unlike anything else you've probably tried before, and definitely merits a taste.Now that's some mighty fine BBQ.
<review# 1483,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2010,9/2/2010,196,345,17,6,7>Very tempted to give 5 stars but the plastic-bottle gin helps me restrain myself.  I may update later.I did 5-star enjoy myself during my first excursion to Dugan's, which I did not even know existed.  I would still not know it existed were it not for my failure to pay attention on my way to meet my sister at the Clermont Lounge.  My friend and I parked in the wrong lot, and since I haven't been to the ol Clermont in a while (and he had never been), I just migrated to the nearest door.  We walked in and it didn't quite feel right, but I was calling/texting my sister and somehow I was just not thinking about it.  I was about to actually say "huh, they really redid this place" when a server came up to us and said "where are you trying to go?"  And I think my friend or I said "uh, are we in the wrong place?" To which he said "I guaranTEE you're in the wrong place."  So I looked around and for the first time saw that my friend and I were the only white people in there.  Which neither of us minded - I was just embarrassed that I was there on accident.  The server looked at us and said "you're going to the Clermont Lounge, aren't you?"  We laughed and nodded, and he very courteously walked us out and pointed to the correct location.After a fun couple of hours at the Clermont, it was getting hot in there (*read: foreshadowing/irony*) so I suggested to my friend that we "go back to that place we accidentally went earlier."  He wholeheartedly agreed, and I mean, our car was there.  So we walked back in, on purpose this time.Dugan's is a nice contrast to the Clermont.  Lots of space above your head, as opposed to the low, haphazard, black-painted basement ceilings in the Clermont.  A nice big low-seated central bar reminiscent of a diner, with spinny chairs and plenty of room.  The servers/bartenders are actually friendly (I admit that the sometimes-rough staff is an integral part of the Clermont's character, but good service at night spots is rare and always a pleasant surprise).  The rest of the clientele is also friendly.  Oh, and, no naked fat women.After ordering my gin and tonic from a very good-looking and polite bartender, we noticed that the flawless rendition of "Rappers Delite" we had been listening to was coming from a middle-aged woman.  That song is REALLY long, and I was impressed.  But I was also kind of jealous, because rapping at karaoke is MY SHTICK.  A little later, some guy approached my friend and me, and said "you look like a happy couple - this next song's from me to you."  We are in reality not a couple, but we couldn't bear to burst this guy's bubble.  When he got up there, he serenaded us in his great voice with this slow, empassioned ballad.  Which was of course hilarious and awesome.  We moved closer to the stage to listen.  Although I had not been planning on doing karaoke, this guy's generosity had inspired me.  I went and grabbed the binder when he had finished.  The KJ was about to tell me that they weren't taking any more songs, but then they were like "We'll let you sing, you'll be the last song."  They told me I had 5 minutes to pick, but I didn't need 5 minutes.  I flipped straight to one of my staple songs, Nelly's Hot in Herre.  They cracked up at me when I pointed to it.  I then tried to get one of them to agree to do the girl part ("I am getting so hot, I want to take my clothes off...").  No one agreed to do this.  Although I didn't get to actually check out the song list, it was a really thick binder, and the music thus far had sounded good to me.  To be sure, it seemed like a different list from the karaoke nights I usually patronize, but honestly I get really sick of "Total Eclipse of the Heart" and "Sweet Caroline."  Also, even though it was a Saturday night, it didn't seem like there was an hour long wait to sing, which is awesome.  OK, so I get up on stage, and they start playing my song.  Some tall guy took the second mike and backed me up by doubling me on the emphatic parts, which was AWESOME and made me feel like a legit rapper (although he did not do the girl part for me).  I think there may even be photographic evidence of this. The funnest I've ever had singing "Hot in Herre," hands down - and, um, I've sung it a ton.  After breaking it DOWN on stage, I felt like I had exercised my way to earning a nut brown crown at Zesto for a nightcap.  We barely made it in time to hit the drive through.  Mmmm.  Great time.
<review# 1484,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2010,9/1/2010,458,1067,13,10,10>I don't know why I was so serious in my last update of Blake's. I mean, really. It's a f-cking bar! Albeit, my favorite bar and the best place I've found to conduct my Self Promotional Tours (in case you aren't familiar, that's what I call walking around the bar for people to look at you).Okay, I'll admit that every night here isn't paradise. There are sometimes (like tonight) when I wasn't really feeling the crowd and I left. People weren't talking to me (as other Yelpers have pointed out). Yes, it happens to me too.For the most part I always have a good time, the bartenders are friendly, and every time I bring straight friends here they always remark about how much fun they had. Speaking of the breeders, they also always remark about how strong the drinks are and how hungover they are the next day. I'm not sure that's a bad thing, though.
<review# 1485,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/24/2009,8/30/2010,44,189,3,8,7>Cypress Street has become one of my favorite hangouts in the last few weeks. My experiences there culminated when they had their patio grand opening, which included great drink specials and free low country boil, burgers, and hot dogs! I enjoyed meeting there with fellow Yelpers and playing some Uno and Connect Four.On a normal day they still have great beer selections, great service, and a great patio especially now with the weather staying pretty warm.I always enjoy a place with their own brews, and theirs are pretty tasty. They have several other beers on tap, a full bar, and the burgers and fries are great too.I love the location, mainly because the patio faces a small road which does not get a ton of traffic. It is nice and peaceful. I have never had too much trouble finding parking either, and Halo is next door if you want to plan a long night!
<review# 1486,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2010,8/29/2010,94,50,6,10,10>Boba/Bubble Tea Aficionados - Atlanta's bubble tea scene has just changed for the better!If you've ever been to Cali, you'll notice the wide variety of bubble tea shops from Lollicup, Tapioca Express, Quickly and many more.  My prediction is that bubble tea shops is the next yogurt shop craze.Anyway, driving by we made a U-turn in the street when I saw the sign calling my name.  I ran in to find a one man show trying to handle the demand of a line 5 customers deep.  So I patiently waited and waited and waited and did I mention waited?  This guy was taking orders, cooking up a new batch of tapioca pearls, taking another customer's money, and cooking chicken nuggets all at once.  More people streamed in after me and if this place blows up as I think it will, the gentleman's gonna need a lot more help.The store has a variety of milk teas, flavored teas, slushes, smoothies, bubble snows, etc.  All were $2.50 for regular and +$1 for large - cash only.  We ordered a purple corn slush and a mango bubble snow.  Purple corn was not sweet enough and had an odd texture - but that's what we get for trying something extremely different.  Mango snow had the taste I was expecting out of this drink but not the thickness - it needs to be more mixed and a little more frozen.  When we left, we also got a traditional milk tea one which was very, very good.  They currently use small tapioca pearls which were cooked properly - not mushy and not undercooked.By the way, the chicken nuggets (which aren't on the menu) are AMAZING!  Definitely liked them a lot more than other places - these are nice and moist.  Lightly battered with great spices for just the right amount of kick.  Great snack with the bubble tea.In reality this place is worth 3 stars right now, but it has the potential to be 4 stars (he's only been open for 2 weeks).  Couple of improvements that will push it there:1) Cook more tapioca pearls in advance - this is a bubble tea place.  And also use the large tapioca pearls - the small ones just don't do it.2) Get some help - you're about to blow up.3) Get more than 1 bubble tea making machine.  One blender is not gonna be enough.4) Work on the flavor ratio - the tea was spot on but anything that was blended needs a little work right now.Though this isn't an improvement, I'd also recommend a frequent customer card cause if you get better, I'm gonna be there.  A lot.
<review# 1487,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2010,8/28/2010,338,442,1,6,5>Came out here a few months ago, and a never got around to review the place- now, this is not because it wasn't a good place...it's just sheer laziness on my part.  One of the immediate 'quirks' or unique things about this place is that instead of serving barley tea or something like that, they serve pork bone soup...and this is no 'soapdishwaterleftoveringredients' kind of soup- it was full of flavor, and though it wasn't thick in consistency, it sure tasted as if it was like heavier, creamier soups.  All kinds of awesome.  My only complaint is that it was too salty...sort of like drinking my way to a heart attack.  This pork bone soup itself merits a '4' for this place.We had plenty of banchan, and we ordered the fatty pork for our meat.  The place got pretty busy right after we arrived, so our meat was overcooked by our waitress.  Meat was just ok, perhaps due to that.  I do think this place is definitely worth another try...just lay off on the salty soup.... :)
<review# 1488,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2010,8/27/2010,196,217,5,8,7>This is my/ our quintessential local pub where the bartenders know our names (and our drinks) and they always serve us with a smile. Live music several nights a week, and usually fairly decent bands which play in a side room with a dance floor, but thankfully the volume is not at ear-splitting levels in the main part of the bar or out on the nice sized patio.Classic Irish pub decor with moderately decent food, but who's kidding who? We aren't here for the food, it's a Friday night tradition to come here mid to late night and enjoy a few drinks while people watching and chatting with other regulars for a fun night out.
<review# 1489,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2010,8/26/2010,215,493,5,8,6>I like this place.  I'm not sure yet if I love it, but I like it.  My very first class was just OK.  I was a complete beginner so I didn't know any better but I really do think his choreography and teaching technique made it hard for beginner's to pick it up.  This was an Explore Hip Hop class and it was fun but I didn't love it (Explore is actually lower than Beginner so don't be afraid!).Since that first time, I've been going to a different Explore Hip Hop class with Brandon as the instructor and I may love it.  The choreography is more suited to beginners (I think), he breaks the routines up into logical chunks, he's excellent at spotting little things to correct (and then he offers great tips), and even though we may not get through as much of a routine as in the first class, I feel like we get to spend enough time to really learn them and just get used to dancing and not thinking.  Although, that's why I like these classes is because I do have to think a little, in a different way than any of my other cardio or toning workouts.The desk staff can be hit or miss but mostly hits with one minor miss (I swear she just didn't like me).  I'm also using a Groupon for this now, and then I have another deal after that, but I do think I will continue to take classes here just because they're fun and something different than my normal routine.  The single drop-in rate is $14 or you can get 2 for $25.  Then, they have multi-class deals that make the per class price much lower (the best is 20 classes for $200 or $10 per class).  Your first class is only $5, too, so it's certainly worth checking it out.I've only done Explore Hip Hop classes but they do offer different levels of classes and different types of dance classes (ballet, jazz, cardio hip hop, etc.).  Their website is chock-full of information.  Lots of parking.  Just go already!
<review# 1490,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2009,8/25/2010,343,405,6,6,7>Every single time I am on Ponce and pass their sign I always ask myself that I should get pizza from there.  Since I had a huge pizza craving today, I decided to finally check it out!  With all the reviews about the Monster Slice, I knew I had to order a slice...well I ordered two because I wasn't sure how big was big.  Well upon picking up my order, I gave the lady a strange look as she handed me pretty much a full sized pizza box.  I opened it up and my mouth just fell through the floor!  The slices were definitely HUGE!When I got back into the office, I tore into those slices as if I was stranded in the middle of the desert and haven't eaten in weeks.  The crust is really nice and thin and it had equal parts topping and cheese which balanced out slice.  The sauce was nice and a bit on the sweet side...which I normally prefer.  The big surprise was the side salad!  I got it with the Balsamic Vinaigrette and it was absolutely the best dressing I have had in a long time.  This place is surprisingly good and I really recommend!  I can't wait for lunch time tomorrow!!!!  :)
<review# 1491,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/2/2010,8/24/2010,35,40,4,11,6>Never thought I'd tried this place, but I was craving for some noodle soup so I thought I gave this place a try.  A simpleton like me only think Pho =  only Vietnamese food... so I opened Nam Phuong's door wanting to get some slurping actions done.To my surprise, they serve more than just pho!  (duh!)  The menu is huge  and tons of varieties of food, I'd say about 200 items.  I was desperately looking for pho but only to find a tiny small selections for it.But, that item # 6.1 Beef Stew Noodles was calling my name there... for $6.50. :DWow, I LOVE that stew!  They really slow-cooked that meat, tender and easy to chew, full of flavor!  Not to mention 5 big pieces of stew cube with 2" thick, each!  That is a lot of MOO!!   Another thing I like about it is they also provided basil leaves, janopeneo pepper and lime.  Plenty of carrots, green onions, cilantro... the typical toppings for pho soup (minus carrots).The broth was great but a little too thick to make that slurping sound.  I will probably order some white rice to go with it.  The noodles were a little too soft but tasteful.After that bowl of soup I was sucking water like I were in the desert for months and the wait staff were very quick to fill that water goblet.Pretty good experience overall, I will definitely be back! :)
<review# 1492,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2010,8/23/2010,469,375,3,10,5>Everything is great!  I still find this to be the best dim sum place in AtlantaDan B. and I are addicted to the sweet chrysanthemum tea.  Get it.Dou fa (sweet tofu pudding) - 3 stars.  I was expecting this to have a stronger ginger flavor and a sweeter taste.  It was average, and Han L. and I were disappointed.  This was mildly sweet and mildly gingery.Honey-glazed baked barbecue pork buns - 4 stars.  There should be more honey glaze, but the inside was executed very well.  No longer the best I've had in the US.  A different chef must have baked these today.Wu gok (deep-fried taro dumplings) - 4 stars.  It's stuffed with pork and a little shrimp.Fu pei guen (tofu skin roll) - 4 stars.  Vegetarian.  There are clear noodles and veggies inside.  Very good.Dan tat (egg tart) - 5 stars.  Excellent and not too sweet.  Buttery flaky crust.Beef cheong fun (rice noodle crepe) - 4.5 stars.  Very good and fragrant.The Cantonese dishes at dinner are good for the most part.
<review# 1493,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2010,8/22/2010,58,141,3,9,7>The Sound Table is the newest restaurant/club from the owners of Top Flr. It's in the Old 4th Ward and the bottom floor is a bar/club with a DJ booth, while the second story hosts the dining room. We visited on a quiet Monday, so we had dinner downstairs where we could enjoy the DJ and the atmosphere.The menu is one of those amazing ones where everything sounds good. It's supposed to be inspired by "street food," but I found that to be an excuse to just cook whatever the hell the chef wanted. Creative Loafing has a good article examining this "street food" trend.We started with cocktails, and what glorious cocktails they were. I had an old fashioned Gin Fizz (made properly with egg whites). I also tried the Horse's Neck (Bourbon, Bitters and Ginger Beer- my perfect combination).For food, we just grazed around the menu, ordering as we felt hungry. We tried the crispy pork spring rolls (delicious, and you get 5 for $5). They combined crab and pork in a crispy golden roll.We also had the Vietnamese Pho which was just lovely. I'm not a connoisseur of Vietnamese food, so I can't tell you how authentic it was, but I can tell you how much fun it was. The bowl of broth, noodles and meat came with three side bowls: one with soy and sriracha sauce, one with sprouts, cilantro and other goodies, and one with extra broth. It was a lot of fun to combine the various ingredients. The broth was that perfect level of saltiness and the meat was tender and well-seasoned. The only hard part was figuring out how to eat it gracefully.I would absolutely come back to The Sound Table. The food was great, and a great value, the cocktails are some of the best I've had in the city (I'd put them up there with Leon's and Holeman & Finch), and the atmosphere is really fun.
<review# 1494,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2010,8/21/2010,17,162,3,7,4>I have only four words to start this review: NON-BLENDED BUBBLE TEA. I know that bubble tea isn't too difficult to find in the area, but everywhere I've looked, all they serve is the blended (=frozen, smoothie-like) kind. When it comes down to it, I've just never liked my bubble tea that way. If I wanted a smoothie, I'd hit up Smoothie King. Needless to say, I was delighted when fellow Yelper Zack E. (thanks again!) made the recommendation to try SunO. We finally did this past Friday.As soon as we walked in, the (very friendly) servers offered us a wide selection of delectable-looking deserts for half-priced. Apparently, they had to make some for their manager and, rather than letting them go to waste, they were offering them up to customers at half price. Not bad! There was one, an incredible sounding SunO with strawberries, marshmallows, and caramel that was calling to me like a siren....But, we had come for bubble tea, and we were getting bubble tea! To start, they have a decent selection of bubble tea flavors. From the taro (a milk tea) to a whole variety of Fruit flavors. Some are black teas, some are green teas, and some come with milk. On top of that, they don't just serve their teas with tapioca peals, they also offer a good selection of jellies! Not having even tried it and I'm already in heaven. We both ordered a Kiwi Mango with Lychee Jellies.The bubble tea was incredible! Among the best I've had. Not having had any of their other deserts, they already warrant the full 5-stars. We're both so happy to have (finally) found a place that serves up bubble tea the way we've always enjoyed it.SunO is a great little place that will definitely be coming a large part of our regular places. My only complaint is that it's a really long haul (~40 minutes from where we live), but I can't blame SunO for that. Luckily, it's just an additional 10 minutes from Buford Highway, and we're out there very regularly eating and grocery shopping. Do yourself a favor and check it out!
<review# 1495,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2010,8/20/2010,489,857,4,9,7>This place has decent pho. It's not the best I've tasted, but it's good enough to satisfy my cravings. They at least give you tons of bean sprouts, cilantro, and basil to put in your soup. Their broth was okay. You just need to add a bit of the red hot sauce and hoisin sauce to make it even better. But I think they use a lot of MSG. Also, their fatty flank has a lot of fat. I guess it's my fault for ordering fatty flank. If you live on the West side of Atlanta, this is a great place to go for pho. There is no reason to go all the way to Buford Hwy since Buford Highway's pho isn't that much better than this place's. I'm going to give this place 3.5 stars. I'll round it up to 4 stars because of it's location (close to where I live). I can't wait to try out their other dishes such as their Com.
<review# 1496,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2009,8/19/2010,216,175,9,10,10>I'm not a pizza snob, so I can't discuss the sourness of the dough, or whether the char is at the acceptable level.  The pizza's damn good- to the point where it makes other good pizza seem boring.As mentioned, I love that this place is without pretense.  You come in, get your pizza and split.  You might chat up the (admittedly attractive) hostess or proprietors, but you don't come here to be seen in the hottest Buckhead location.  This is a great addition to the Atlanta restaurant scene.
<review# 1497,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2010,8/17/2010,220,93,16,9,9>At the corner of Piedmont and Monroe, where that Caribou Coffee used to be, this new bar/pub/restaurant makes a great meet-up spot with its convenient location and cozy patio.  In fact, I was here for a Tweetup that inspired me to increase my number of tweets from three to...well...more than three.It's nice here, the layout is efficient, the selection is decent, and the atmosphere is lively.  Most of the event attendees carried around pineapple Mojitos, each with a healthy dose of crushed mint, and they all swore by it.  I stuck with my old standby and nursed a Yuengling or two for the evening.  Oh, and before I forget--pretty people work here.  Not just any pretty people, but the sort of pretty people that reach over and touch your arm when they ask you if you need another drink.  You didn't know that you did, but all of a sudden now you do.
<review# 1498,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2010,8/16/2010,705,321,29,19,24>YAWN! Seen it! How freaking unoriginal... dark, Speakeasy vibe, friendly staff... hard woods throughout and a thoughtful menu with enough interesting options to keep you coming back. Ug.  I mean... seriously, you couldn't put a little spin on the concept here Ormsby? If that is your real name?There just comes a time, when you need to dig a little deeper and try to be a little more original and... OH MY GOD! What!?There's a downstairs with FREE Indoor Bocce Ball! (Shuffle board  and darts too!)Genius.Who ever you are Mr. or Ms. Ormsby (assuming you're not named after a dog) a word to the wise... do not... I repeat do not, buy a ton of TVs and start showing sports 24/7. Do you hear me? Get a band, have a poetry reading, an art show, burlesque... ANYTHING, but more sports! Don't be a Taco Mac.
<review# 1499,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2010,8/15/2010,787,655,4,8,9>Wow! I've never seen such ornately decorated plates of food! My dinning companions curry came out in 3.. yes 3 bowls stacked in one another, one of which was a hallowed out watermelon. My dish came on a place with a swan sculpted from tin foil- For the win!!! and Don't get me started on the delicious spring rolls served from a pineapple! The curries were delicious, although I could have used a bit more spicy heat to mine. The plates definitely reflect the quirky interior of this place, service was friendly without being too overbearing. There is no air conditioning ( it's like dining on an enclosed patio) though so personally I wouldn't plan going here on one of the hotter days. I did see a little room off to the back though that looks like it's enclosed and air conditioned. The food was awesome, and we both had more than enough to take home..even after being "scolded" that we didn't eat enough!
<review# 1500,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2010,8/14/2010,440,453,2,4,4>When I walked in LottaFrutta I honestly forgot that I was in Atlanta.  I thought I was somewhere in Puerto Rico, or at some Brazilian health food bodega.The energy was great in this small shop and the service was fantastic.We bought one of the fresh fruit cups for a client meeting that was that morning.  It looked soooo amazing.  Filled with strawberry, banana, watermelon and an assortment of different fruits, the cup looked so FRESH.I didnt get to actually taste the fruit, but I plan on going back to this place to try a few things out.  Reasonably priced, and healthy for you.  How can you beat that?
<review# 1501,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2010,8/13/2010,57,302,4,12,5>Pro Yelp Tip: If you use google maps on your iPhone and look this place up, you'll end up in a neighborhood in Tucker. If this happens to you, look for the Home Depot. L'Thai is right behind it. Anyway, after being an hour late for our reservations, we kept our nice table for four. The food came out fast and it was great. I highly recommend the soups. They are made with veggie broth so it's twice the fun. Also, the curry is fantastic -- spicy and full of flavor. If you are hungry try the black rice/mango desert. It has a lot of flavor without being heavy.As for the service, L'Thai is pretty up there. Our water cups have been kept filled throughout the night. The food was fast and the owner even came down to say hi and tell us about our food.
<review# 1502,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2009,8/12/2010,34,78,4,7,7>First let me start off by saying a good, dependable, and tasty restaurant does not exist in this area. Needless to say one was needed. I work very close to Clairmont and 85 and when I saw this place move in I was beyond tickled pink. Greek is arguably one of my favorite foods and how lucky for a new place to be so close!A friend of mine setup the invite for a few of us to go during lunch. The atmosphere is well...very Greek. Blue and white everywhere with numerous neon lights strung around. In a nutshell exactly what I expected from a Greek restaurant. The waitstaff was friendly - almost a little too attentive, but I vote for more attentive than less. We decided to order an appetizer and picked the grilled seafood plate (had a different name I can't even attempt to pronounce). It was sooo yummy and almost a meal in of itself. It had shrimp, octopus and squid. I could have ate a plate of the octopus alone. Yum.For the most part we all ordered gyros and I had the greek salad to go along with mine. The lamb was excellent and the greek salad good as well.Overall I was really pleased with the food selection. There are SO many things on the menu I want to go back and try. It's really hard to pick!  Only feedback: prices were steep for lunch since it appears they only have one menu for lunch and dinner. Perhaps coming up with a lunch menu would encourage me to frequent more often.I'm happy to have a great restaurant in the neighborhood and highly recommend this place.
<review# 1503,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2009,8/11/2010,81,286,4,9,7>This is truly a hidden gem in lake claire. I have no idea how to even get back to this place. i was house hunting (i wish) in the candler park, lake claire neighborhood and ended up in a cul-de-sac. All the homes on this road had tye-dye flags, peace signs and other hippie paraphernalia. i swear driving down this road to the dead end produced this sort of peace, love and happiness vibe all around me. I heard goats, so I had to park my car and see the sights. I walked through the opened gate into the land trust and saw gardens with bright green tomatoes to my left and a wooden shack to my right. The floor was covered in dirt and wood chips and up yonder were little kids running around playing with toy trucks on dirt ramps and on the jungle gym. their parents eagerly enjoying the lack of attention their little loved one required. I kept walking and came upon a drummers circle arena and a steam room and a little terrace for sitting, overlooking the non-aware traffic of Dekalb Ave. This place was awesome. I have sense discovered they have all sorts of family events here: bon fires, circuses, pot luck dinners every month, summer films in the amphitheatre, drumming circles, Halloween pumpkin carvings, festivals, and fairs alike.
<review# 1504,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2009,8/10/2010,298,329,4,8,6>I love dogs. I dream and plan about adopting them similar to the way women with ticking biological clocks think about the names and sexes of their desired future children. I peruse petfinder.com the way hungry singles browse match.com or MySpace. Since I live in a small one room studio on the top floor of a highrise, I can't exactly comfortably (and legally, according to my condo contract) adopt another dog or two... or five. To get my much-needed puppy fix, I decided to begin volunteering with the AHS. I'm still in the beginning of the volunteering process, but I'm impressed. The staff and volunteers are dedicated and friendly, and the facility is amazing. Because of its location on Howell Mill, I think I was expecting more of a dog pound look, and I was taken aback by the spaciousness, cleanliness, and wonderful environment here. I wish I could be a foster parent to many of their animals, but it's comforting to know that so many rescue animals are in such good hands.I adopted my incredible dog from Atlanta Pet Rescue, so I can't speak for the adoption process at AHS. From what I've seen and heard, it seems to be very well-run, and I recommend checking it out if you're interested in adopting.They offer a range of volunteer programs, from being an Adoption Volunteer to helping with a range of administrative tasks (great for those who want to help but don't want to be handling animals all of the time). Their website is definitely worth looking at if you're interested in seeing their current adoptables and learning about the different programs and services they offer.The ample parking is a huge plus, too.
<review# 1505,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/26/2010,8/9/2010,43,102,5,5,7>How do you know you are old? When you can remember hanging out in the current location of the Porter Beer Bar when it was Bridgetown Grill in the early 90s. Yeah. Me. Old...or at least getting there. Anyhoo, Porter Bar has some good stuff going for it. Those good things include a vast beer selection and an interesting and well executed menu. I've been a few times now and on my last visit we had the best server yet! He was attentive, knowledgeable, patient, had super sonic hearing (you'd have to in order to hear our orders in the back room) and it did not hurt that he was easy on the eyes. Some of the drawbacks have already been mentioned by other reviewers but I'll recap. The beer menu rocks EXCEPT it would be nice to have some standard brews available for those times when you just don't want to dick around with the unknown. I too get into unadventurous moods. Please cater to me in those moments. Thank you. The noise level in this place is out of control. There seems to be a trend in restaurants and bars in general to completely ignore controlling noise level when designing a space. That is unfortunate since I generally visit establishments like these in order to spend time with and talk to my friends. WHAT?!...WHAT DID YOU SAY?!...I said I generally like to TALK to my FRIENDS! Since you won't be talking to your friends very much, you are able to focus on the food which is surprisingly good. The shrimp and grits are one of my favorite things on the menu and the brownie dessert was ridiculously good. I usually try to avoid sweets but we split one between 4 people so I caved. I'm glad I did. Moist, fudgie, warm and delightful. I like Porter Bar. I really do. I will go back but I won't be die-hard regular because sometimes I enjoy my standard beers and frankly I would like to maintain my hearing well into old age.
<review# 1506,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2009,8/8/2010,214,189,3,10,9>Having ventured out on a cold, rainy morning to run some much-needed errands, I decided that lunch should be something comfort food for me.  I briefly considered getting some pho, but opted for NCE instead. I just ordered a single order of scallion pancakes and soup buns, but the waitress(/owner?), recognizing the bitter cold of the day, also brought me a small bowl of hot sweet soy milk. Bonus. Party.Update: As I was walking out two of the staff asked me if I had an umbrella--when I mentioned that it was in the car, they almost insisted that they walk me out to my car (which was not even ten feet from the front door).  That's service!
<review# 1507,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/22/2010,8/6/2010,349,547,5,13,6>Oh, Panahar. I'm so conflicted. The food is tasty, for sure, but the service here really, really drives me nuts. The waiters are really nice, but the owner is so overbearing and I think it really interrupts the dining experience. My friend and I were clearly ready to order, but then we're asked if we want lamb, or chicken, or vegetarian, and the owner was ready to go into his spiel when we sort of cut him off and gave our orders. Even then, he tried to change our minds. I think it's really frustrating. Again, the constant up-sell on EVERYTHING is really obnoxious. (Especially because he seemed to be trying to suggest the lightest items to us, noting that he was recommending certain appetizers because they were light, or the yogurt for dessert because it was healthy. Trying to say something, dude?) And please, I really don't want you to remember my name.Also, I left here definitely still very hungry. I really hate to leave a restaurant and have to go home and put together a burrito or something. I think for less annoying service and Bangladeshi food that's just as good, I'll stick to Niramish in little five points from now on.
<review# 1508,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2010,8/5/2010,243,486,6,13,8>I'm all for supporting local, family businesses, especially when the service is this great. Dad's really is a dad and son operation, and they are two super nice hardworking guys. I have an old 91 Volvo, so it is great to have a place that does old cars close by. My Dad is from New Orleans, but whenever he is in town,  he says the name loudly when we drive by. He loves that...AND they rent scooters. Fun...Cheers~
<review# 1509,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2010,8/1/2010,113,184,11,17,11>Patak is a sausage fest, and I mean that in the nicest way possible. We make epic pilgrimages to Patak in Austell about once a month on my husband's insistance.   A 45 minute drive for meat may seem insane, but I promise you it is worth it.  I was a skeptic at first - used to think no sausage is worth driving that far - but I've been converted.  The place I believe is actually run by Czechs, but they seem to have mastered the charcuterie of the entire region.  My husband claims the Ukrainian kielbasa is the best he has had (besides the stuff they make back home in Ukraine, of course).  They also have good old Polish kielbasa, but I really am not sure what differentiates the two.  Truthfully, I am more of a salami girl, and this place rocks my world with no less than 5 types of salami.   Genoan, Russian, Hungarian, Moldovian, and some other places I am forgetting.  It is like a trip around Europe from the inside of an animal's intestine.  This place has other things going for it besides sausage, although it is easy to get sausage tunnel vision when you get in here.  We buy huge cuts of pork that my husband makes his world famous shashlik from.  They smoke their own salmon here which is to die for.  Great selection of European cheeses.  They even have frozen pelmeni, varenyki and other things that are my husband's version of comfort food.  The dry goods section rivals any Eastern European store in Atlanta.   When I talk about their chocolates and sweets, we are talking the good stuff - Kinder, Milka, Ritter, Nutella, etc.  They have kvas, which I think is Russia's way of sneaking alcohol to children, and kefir which is the great-great-grandmother to your smoothie.  I could go on and on about all the cool stuff they have, but you really just need to fill up your tank and make the pilgimage for yourself.  Udachi!
<review# 1510,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/8/2010,7/31/2010,77,125,5,7,6>The sushi pangs came on right before lunchtime the other day and I just had to find somewhere close and convenient to my pharmacy to alleviate this. This was my first time Orient Express and I ordered the Rock n' Roll and Spicy Tuna rolls for takeout. Their Rock n' Roll is interesting because they put eel and salmon skin in it instead of eel and avocado, which was fine by me. It was pretty good. However, I've definitely had better spicy tuna rolls and all they did with this one was chop up the tuna and mix is with aioli sauce and stick cucumber (blech) in it. The rolls came with 8 maki pieces each. I consider myself pretty thrifty and really didn't want to spend $19.02 on my lunch but I suppose that's what happens when the sushi monster takes over. Pricey. I'd definitely like to come back here and try some of their fancier rolls and maybe even the hibachi grill. Three stars for now.
<review# 1511,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/8/2010,7/30/2010,244,602,52,13,16>The last time I hiked Stone Mountain was 10 years, 20 pounds, and 2 presidents ago. And it wasn't a pretty sight back then either. I remember that the hike for me was like jazzercise in pollen mine. I was coughing and out of breath and I hated my friend for convincing me to go.The intervening ten years have not done me any favors.Yelper James H. asked me to join him on his weekly forays to Stone Mountain. "So, you wanna come?" I mulled it. I remembered the Bataan Death March a decade previous. Then I looked down at my ever-expanding Kuato, my gut mocking me, urging me to "Open your mind....and a bag of Doritos." DAMN YOU, KUATO! James, I WILL join you!Sucker.What followed was an embarrassment of riches, if you define "riches" as "embarrassment." I ascended the mountain only to be met with my own mortality. I huffed and I puffed and nearly collapsed a lung.  Now this is only embarrassing when you consider that the Stone Mountain "hike" isn't demanding at all. Sure, it's up hill, but so is climbing a flight of stairs. (Which, not-so-coincidentally, would also make me almost pass out.) Little kids ran by me. The elderly. I think I saw Stephen Hawking pass me on the way up. My lungs burned by the time we made it to the midpoint (before the "hard" section.)The midpoint is a covered pavilion, conveniently supplied with numerous benches. It's a blessing in the languid heat of a Georgia summer. It also precedes the steepest section of the climb, a 45 degree incline accessible by a steel railing or really, really good shoes. Though I was wearing (ironically enough) hiking boots, the shoes were willing, but the legs were weak. I grabbed hold of the steel rail and pulled myself up, one hand over another all while watching James run up and down three times in quick succession.I spit on James. Well, I would were my mouth able to manufacture saliva at this point. I moved onward and upward, checking my supplies, making inquires of my Sherpa. The summit loomed in the distance. (Oh look, a woman in high heels just passed me.)Eventually I arrived. And, yes, it looked the exact same as 10 years ago. There's a welcome center up there that tells the history of the mountain. It also sells popcorn. POPCORN. I cough up a lung to arrive at a place where they sell carnie POPCORN? And people are flying KITES up there? It's like slogging through wild underbrush for hours only to turn up at Disney's Jungle Cruise. Being out of shape is so much easier on the couch, man. Being outdoorsy sucks. I wonder if there's an iPhone app for it?OK, admittedly on clear days, the view is kind of cool. To the west sits the Atlanta skyline, further north Buckhead and even further north the King and Queen of Dunwoody. Looking down, people scurry like ants up and down the hill.It's a cute day trip, for the abled. And I did see a little girl fall on her ass and cry. That's always good for a laugh. But when James asked me if I wanted to come back, I paused. I mean, I COULD come back. I could start exercising more, making the ascension easier. All of these things are possible. I'll let him know in another 10 years.
<review# 1512,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2010,7/29/2010,789,691,9,13,11>While I'd had Nakato's sushi a few times, last week was the first time I tried their hibachi - honestly I had no idea they had a hibachi area b/c I'd always get seated on the "sushi" side of the restaurant which I've always thought was their entire dining area. And while I do prefer their sushi, their hibachi food is really good, too - can't say I've been to every hibachi restaurant in Atlanta but this is my favorite so far. I liked the flavors of my meats, the portions were huge, and I liked that they did some extras (shrimp apps & noodles) which I don't think other restaurants include. We had a party of 6, and everyone ordered combo meats. I ordered the "sirloin steak & scallops" dinner for $19.95, which came with a house soup (*sad face* b/c not miso soup), salad w/ ginger dressing, shrimp appetizer, noodles, grilled vegetables, & rice. The soup & salad were ok but everything else had really great flavor - I think the secret ingredient was their herb butter. My favorites for taste were probably the noodles & steak. One tip to keep in mind when ordering steak - I ordered medium but it ended up more like "medium well", and the person who ordered "medium well" got "well done". Still, I enjoyed my steak very much. Scallops were good, too - and they were HUGE!Also, if you're going to do hibachi where the food is cooked right in front of you, you might as well eat the food as soon as it hits the plate - that's what I do but I do end up eating everything pretty fast while everyone else is eating at a more leisurely pace (the healthy way, I guess), exercising portion control, and therefore end up w/ enough leftovers for a second meal. Not me, not when I eat hibachi :)Service was ok - I don't think we got full attention b/c we were in one of the side rooms where we had to take off our shoes and the servers could only access our table from the cook's location ... so drink refills weren't so good. While I guess it's more authentic to eat w/ your shoes off, I don't care what age you are, I think all of us had a difficult time maneuvering ourselves to sit comfortably at their tables. Food alone though is worth a return trip. FYI, they do have a few early bird specials Mon-Thur: you can get a 3-course hibachi dinner for $11-13. Just order by 6:30pm. The sushi is great too - although it's been about a year since my last visit. I've tried the Supercrunch, Seafood, Spicy Tuna, Rainbow, Shrimp Tempura, Salmon, & Tuna - and liked them all :)Parking is complimentary valet.
<review# 1513,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2010,7/28/2010,257,221,6,10,8>I went to Midtown Tavern last night for its karaoke night, and I gotta tell you - I loved it and I didn't even sing!  (Next time I will, I promise!)I went with a couple of friends (one who had been to karaoke night before).  I got there around 10PM, so the street parking wasn't a problem.  My friends were able to park at the post office across the street.  I had a serving of the french fries and yum, yum, yum!  They're seasoned with something tangy like malt vinegar and they taste great.  I had basic vodka & tonics because although they have a full bar, they were out of a couple of liquors I like for mixed drinks.  As this is a tavern, beer is the standard drink-of-choice here. The crowd was a mixed bag and everyone was getting along.  There was great positive energy in the air with people clapping even for the most wretched of singers - one of whom had such a high-pitched squeak my ears hurt.  I'd had a couple of songs in mind to sing, but they weren't in the song list.  (Am I the only person who thinks Sara Bareilles' Love Song would be great for karaoke?????)The only non-fun part was the service.  The server had a sweet personality- he never seemed frazzled by the number of people.  I guess he's used to working several full tables all by his lonesome.  But he did require chasing down to get another drink, get the check, and pay the check.  Chasing down a server is somewhat annoying, but everyone seemed to be a good sport about it.I'd been worried about the smoke, but last night wasn't bad.  I think it probably depends on the crowd who comes in and this place is big enough to move if the smoke gets unbearable.  There are also pool tables in the front the building if a person wants to get away from the smoky tables.  I'm surely going back for Wednesday night karaoke soon and will make my stage debut.  Hope to see you there!
<review# 1514,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2009,7/27/2010,149,144,4,7,6>I haven't been here in over two years and let me tell you, I've been missing out!  I came here for lunch today with a friend.  As soon as I walked into the restaurant an aroma of goodness overwhelmed me.  I immediately knew I was in Chinese heaven.  We ordered the mapa tofu, sauteed snow pea leaves, and salt and pepper shrimp.  Yum!  Everything had great flavor and nice textures.  The mapa tofu didn't look too appetizing when it first came out.  The sauce looked thin and it seemed like they skimped on the tofu and meat.  Good thing looks can be deceiving.  It was absolutely delicious.  Everything was balanced perfectly and the dish had great flavor.  It's probably one of the best mapa tofu I've ever had. The snow pea leaves were sauteed perfectly so that it still had a slight crisp to the stalks.  They were nice and garlicy, with lots of flavor.  This is a great dish for those who like sauteed leafy greens.  This is one of my favorite Chinese dishes, and it's close to perfect at Canton Cooks. I love salt and pepper shrimp.  You have to get it with the shell and heads.  It may look a little intimidating to eat at first, but just remember you are bigger than that shrimp!  Bite that little sucker's head off!  Eat the whole shrimp, head to tail.  Trust me, you'll love the taste and crunchy texture!   Canton cooks has to be one of the better and more authentic Chinese restaurants in Atlanta.  I know it's a favorite in my book.  They also have Americanized Chinese dishes for those of you who can't conquer the shrimp!
<review# 1515,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/27/2010,7/26/2010,144,95,18,8,8>When hapless but well-meaning dudes try to talk to me and totally blow it, I take it upon myself to, as a public service, give them some pointers on where they might improve their game.  I tell them that while they'll never hear the sound of *my* pantiez droppin, I'd like to put a karma token in the jar of their future interactions with women.  As I was leaving La Pietra Cucina, I really wanted to take its hand, pat it, and give it some pointers.  Because I want them to do well!   I probably won't be going back, but that doesn't mean they're not great!  Aw, come on now.  Shhhh.The food is good.  Like, really good.  The fried olives are crunchy and salty without being cloying, the mushroom tagliatelle had enough woodsy dimension and still retained it's lightness, and the whole fish with greens was dense and flaky and tender.  I liked the proscuitto di parma with the goat cheese and marmalade.  Right on.  The service and the decor need some work.  WTF is the deal with leaving a bowl of olive oil on the table for 20 minutes with no bread?  Like, are we just supposed to admire it as a centerpiece?  And our server, bless his heart, I would probably LOVE in his drag show.  Not that I think off-duty drag queens can't be the very soul of smooth service, it was just, um, a little over the top.  I know this makes me a piss-ass, but darlin', at 25$/entree, learn how to say 'Trattoria'.   And the manager had dark glasses and appeared at odd moments to make sure everything was ok.  If it had not been a totes ghost town in there, it might not have seemed so odd.    The decor is also super spare and feels sort of like a Marriott dining room.  A few big pieces of art and everything is painted maroon.  Sorry La Pietra, you are just not on your A-game.  But I do like you, and I know you'll figure it out.  Have fun, ok?
<review# 1516,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2009,7/25/2010,94,68,6,11,7>Ilmee has a very special place in my heart.  When I first discovered Korean food, culture, guys (eeek!), etc. eleven years ago, this is one of the first Korean restaurants I tried.  Their food and banchan is consistently great!  I've noticed that a lot of other Korean restaurants have tended to scrimp on the side dishes these days. When we went back for the first time in quite a while tonight,  I was giddy to find out that this is not so with Ilmee!  They piled on the good stuff...same stuff that it's always been: cucumber kimchi, cabbage kimchi, gak-du-gee, another form of daikon kimchi, bean sprouts, marinated potato, mini omelet, marinated zucchini, and o-dang slices!  All so yummy!  Plus they'll give you more if you want it!   And though I wasn't raised Korean, I feel like eating these dishes is the absolute closest I can get to eating what tastes like mom's home cooking!  I swoon!Their menu has a wide range of traditional Korean favorites which is sure to please your pallet no matter what sort of Korean food you're in the mood for.  I never have a problem finding something delicious to order...in fact, I have a problem choosing between like 5 different things!  One of my favorite things is the Ham-ji-gae.  It's like Kimchi jigae, but they put pork, spam, and hot dog slices, and it's freaking awesome!  Don't knock it 'til you try it!  The squid stir fry is also something I order over and over.  This dish even inspired me to write a little song about how much I love squid...it's that good!  The kimchi stir fry is a winner every time!  Yummy kimchi mixed in with pork and onions on top of generous slices of tofu!  Yes! Yes! Yes!  Everybody loves burl-go-gi, so if you're a picky eater, try theirs!  Or the Jap-chae!  Stir fried glass noodles with meat and veggies is always delightful!  Oh, and the dwen-jang-jigae ROCKS!  I prefer theirs over everyone else's.  So yeah, there's a lot to choose from and it's all super delicious...it warrants multiple trips.  I'm sure you'll become a fan too!
<review# 1517,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2010,7/24/2010,357,369,49,29,29>Which One Of You Ladies Wants To Dance With Me Or Maybe Become My Third Wife?Your hair will smell like the breath and armpits of the bouffant-wearing chain smoker at the bar, but an insanely fun time will be had unless there's something truly remiss with your sense of adventure. The music played here is great - from the 50's to the 2000's.  While I only found myself dancing to every 6th song, I was loudly singing along with most of the tunes in between. The décor is decidedly tacky and gauche, conveying the uninterrupted magic of 1980's Vegas.  The images on the walls and projected on the screens are of outdated heart throbs, late singers, and forgotten actors.  It's a trip down memory lane on thick carpet and hallucinogens [a blackface scene briefly flashed before my eyes while I sipped my drink, I think, I'm pretty sure.].Most of the patrons are older, as many of the reviewers assert, but that in and of itself isn't something to mock. Old people have a right to get their grinding and casual sex on, too.  I saw plenty of couples happily dancing without a care in the world.What can be weird, off-putting or hysterical is the aggressive nature of some of the older patrons. It's always annoying when a woman is catty or a dude grabs your ass. But it's exponentially worse when it's a senior citizen.  They obviously think they're going to get away with it because you're not going to knock their cane out from under them, but shit, yo, chill.  I am not above cockpunching Orville Redenbacher.There's also some professional types, scouring for Johns and Sugar Daddies.  But unless you're a pathetic loser, you shouldn't have to interact with them for longer than 5 seconds.The music alone is worthy of my admiration but the ability to dance without young bucks trying to poke me in the ass under the guise of "dancing" merits additional respect. Big ups to the DJ and his constant reminders to not bring drinks out on the dance floor, skank.
<review# 1518,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2010,7/23/2010,67,98,2,16,8>Being Gluten-free, pizza is probably one of those things I miss the most. I can live without a sandwich or chic-fli-a. I know just shoot me for the last one. But there is something about pizza. I have tried Pizza Fusion and enjoyed that, but they are located a bit far from my house to visit often. Plus it is not a cheap dinner, like pizza should be.Reading one of my friends tweets about Maddio's, I did not realize they were carrying GF pizza. Awesome. Close to the house so we needed to try it out.My first impression was it reminded me of a Moe's (go figure); order line, pick your toppings, sit and eat. Very cool, except I was skeptical about how they would handle a GF order.When I ordered a GF pizza, the first thing the guy did was take off his current pair of gloves and rinsed his hands and put a clean pair. +1 so far.Next he went and got a GF crust from the back. +2He then used a separate, set a side bin of sauce and cheese. +3They hit all the marks for trying as best they could to not cross contaminate and that gives people with allergies the confidence to continue to dine at their restaurant. +4So after you order, you take your number and sit while the pizza is cooked. This is where things can get crazy. The place isn't all that big and it was crowded. We had to wait about 5 mins to get  table, that was still dirty. I guess it was a good sign that they are busy, but the people that bus the tables weren't all that good. I guess when the outside opens up with warmer weather, there will be more space. Limited seating and poor bus of tables knocks this place down one star. If I were to rate this place just on the food, easily 5 stars.Personally, service is important part of any dining experience. Service through the ordering, 5 stars. Unlike Pizza Fusion, which runs me about $50+ for 2 adults and 2 kids, Maddio's was all in for $20+ -- cheap killer pizza.We will be going back, very one enjoyed the experience, especially me.
<review# 1519,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2010,7/22/2010,777,438,3,6,4>The servers here are as sweet as their ice cream! I felt really obnoxious for asking my server ( really sweet, soft-spoken guy) for like a gazillion samples, but he was so sweet and patient about it. Customer service here rocks!The place smells amazingly sweet the instant you walk in. It is very nicely decorated; it's such an ideal-looking sweets shop. It made me miss my nephew and wish he were here so I can take him to this place! Ice cream flavors is off the chizzain!!! You have the traditional flavors and Kilwin's own. I like the Mango Tango most, although everything else rocked my socks too. I really wish I could give a 4.5 stars for this place, but the ice cream is kinda pricey. Other than that, Ice cream and sweets aficonada's should give this place a try!
<review# 1520,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2010,7/20/2010,213,662,10,9,6>After I moved to Atlanta post college, I went about six months without a couch, having to double my bed as a sitting space for visitors in my studio apartment. Living like a pauper, I eagerly awaited my tax return so I could blow it on this vital piece of furniture--and blow it, I did. After grimacing at the boring pieces that places like Rooms to Go had to offer, plus the beautiful-but-budget-busting sofas at Ethan Allen, I went driving around the Chattahoochee Industrial District. About to give up on the 1990s Seinfeld upholstered disasters, I tried one last store: Savvy Snoot. Then I saw it.A beige, camel-back Century piece with two-toned paisley-like swirls, reduced to 30% of the exorbitant suggested retail price. Delivering the sofa to my home and forcing it up the rickety stairs almost caused a serious squabble amongst my mother, sister and me, but it was worth it. Finally, a place where my guests could rest their weary shoulders.
<review# 1521,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2010,7/19/2010,1969,871,7,8,7>I've been looking for a Polish restaurant since I arrived in ATL! I lived in the middle of the Polish neighborhood in Chicago for 5 years! I was the only English speaking person in 1 mile radius! You learn to really like Polish food after a while. So I meet a group of friends all Polish for dinner! This place was great.The decor is modern, the place was spotless. The owner was our waiter and did a great job was very social and nice! The food was down home style food.Cucumber Salad, Red Cabbage, Sauerkraut, Potato Pancakes, Schnitzel, Pierogi and Pork Cutlet were all amazing! I feel like I just left  the home of A polish Mama who kept feeding me till I couldn't eat anymore!Treadmill here I come!
<review# 1522,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2010,7/18/2010,86,443,2,8,7>Just damn.This place fires on all cylinders. Drinks, food, ambiance, spectacle.The mixologists here care a little more than your average bartender. These recipes are not your typical umbrella drink sugar and cheap booze. If you're used to a girly Mai Tai, be warned, this is their home and they don't mess around. If you're there on Thursday, they're $5 and they have Tongo-Hiti as entertainment.The food is good, albeit pricy. For the best use of your dollar, get something from the traditional Chinese wood fired oven, like the ribs or scallops.The ambiance is old school tiki. Bamboo, reeds, thatch, blowfish lamps, the works. The drinks are served in a dozen unique mugs. The service is great. This ties into the spectacle, whether it's the floor-to-ceiling glass walls around the wood fired oven, the bar-side theater of Tongo-Hiti, or the table-side theater of proper Bananas Foster.Set aside the time to make this an event, and you won't be disappointed.
<review# 1523,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2010,7/17/2010,817,996,4,10,4>Bob, a Santa look-alike, is the guy behind Metro America Safe Drivers. He used to bounce around Buckhead and places like 5P and Pool Hall and the like, but these days you'll find him more to the North in the Marietta area and surroundings.Last night, The Boy and I went to Suburban Tap for some food and drinks and availed ourselves of Bob's services. Get your car home along with yourselves, no hassle or possible law-related tussles involved? For what we thought would be $20 (within a 10-mile distance, that's the standard charge, then it's $3 a mile after that) but turned out to be free - pay them Tip-Only - because Suburban Tap is one of their Sponsor Bars? Done, and done!!Highly recommended, if you ever have had one or two too many - or these days, maybe even just . . . one or two.
<review# 1524,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2010,7/16/2010,179,339,,13,9>Finally, I made it to Agave. Not sure what took me so long as I drive by here everyday and have only heard good things about this place. It was a Saturday afternoon (Valentine's eve) and Agave popped into my head as a place to meet my friend for dinner. I asked for a reservation at 9p and they said they could take us at 9:15 - not a problem. When I arrived, my friend was sitting at the bar holding the last open stool for me. It was pretty crowded, but the bar service was efficient. The drink menu is extensive - several margarita choices, lots of tequilas as you would expect, good beer selection and very nice wine offerings. Agave is noted for their excellent margaritas but I opted for a beer.Upon being seated at our table, a bowl of fresh, warm, lightly salted chips and excellent fresh salsa were brought to us. We ordered the spicy shrimp & poblano spring rolls and also wanted some calamari. Our server suggested a half order of the calamari as he said the portion is big. I appreciated his suggestion on two levels - one it was nice that he wasn't concerned about knocking a few bucks off our bill and two, the calamari was just okay. However, the spring rolls were tasty especially when dipped in the red pepper jelly. I ordered the slow cooked short ribs marinated in ancho chiles & honey and topped with a chile glaze. They were served on top of goat cheese & roasted yellow corn mashed potatoes. EXCELLENT! The short ribs were very tender and the flavor was mouthwatering. The mashed potatoes were rich, but that didn't stop me from eating every last bite. They were too delicious to leave. Of course, I had to have dessert and ordered the banana plantain dark chocolate cheesecake. This dessert was also nothing short of excellent. The service was great, not rushed at all and they were very busy. I am definitely a fan and Agave will be on my regular rotation of fave restaurants.
<review# 1525,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2010,7/14/2010,209,595,10,12,8>Tuk Tuk is so totes Buckhead. I was like "Oh Ma Ga" when I saw that killer tuk tuk (AKA rickshaw) in the lobby.  Perfect photop for the betties and gents. Hostess was a bit disconcerting, not very friendly.  We took a hot minute to decide between inside or outside on a summer night...rain anyone?  When our slightly inebriated selves said outside, hostess gave us an angry look. Lets drop the superior attitude.  Server was all cool though.  I dug him.Lychee drink was lycheelicious. Starters:  Kung Satay (AKA shrimp skewers with peanut sauce) - only 6 small shrimp. Not worth it- meh Pla Muk Tod (AKA calamari) - I fifth the rest of the yelpers. Sauce is delicious. No rubberriness. Tastes good dipped in Mieng Kum sauce tooMieng Kum (AKA spicy veg spinach wrap) - Like everyone said, awesomeness on a spinach leaf!!!! very spicy and different.   Regular Food:Pad Mee (mushroomy, slightly dark vermicelli dish)  was super tasty. Probably my favorite main dish that I tasted. Yum Woon Sen (seafood and vermicelli with lime/chili and sugar) was nice and refreshing.  I like the lack of pork since I've had to ask for it without pork at other restaurants. Lad Na Talay (shrimp, calamari, and noodles in gravy) was by far the worst dish we had. NOT A FAN!**Sit outside under the stars. **Keep in mind the slightly higher prices and smaller portions.  If you are unfamiliar with Buckhead than you probably don't realize.
<review# 1526,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2010,7/13/2010,117,86,7,8,6>I was a little giddy after my second visit to Farm Burger. Slap me silly, the burgers are just plain hooverDAM GOOD! Regardless of whether you think there's too much hype around the place or been there done that, Farm Burger serves up some exceptional burgers and is worth the visit (or repeat visit).Despite the long wait--8 pm on a Saturday night averaged out to a ridiculous hour in line--the burgers still came out with a crusty dark char, deliciously pink on the inside, and full of beefy flavorful goodness. If the long line means that the kitchen doesn't rush a bad product out then I can suck it up. To top it off, the house-made jalapenos and pickles are phenomenal and ranks among my favorite condiments ever.Unfortunately for me, they were out of the their mostest premium bone marrow that night. I was told that since opening day, they've gone through two Athens cows and that there's only so much leg bone in a cow. Once you see bone marrow again on the menu, you can say a silent thank you to Bessie #3.Is Farm Burger perfect? No, not really. The regular fries and the sweet potatoes fries were flaccid. Good flavor but still flaccid as all get-out. The top half of the onion ring basket was super crispy and tasty this time around but I would suggest eating them quick. The bottom half gets greasy otherwise. The pickled egg ($2) came in a jar sitting on some pickled beets and onions and was pretty tasty. The seasonal pickles ($2) on the other hand were disappointing. It was mostly a jar of cauliflower and lacked any complexity, tasting mostly of white vinegar. I hope they improve on this because I really like the concept. I also got the oxtail marmalade ($2) on the side. It was actually mostly shredded meat looking deeply rich and dark with just a hint of a marrow-type flavor and on the sweet side of course. Pretty good.Still, I whole-heartedly give 5-stars for the crackilicious burgers and the awesome staff. Even though they're crazy busy, they are friendly and that makes all the difference after the slowest moving line on earth. If you can't hang with the wait, you may have better luck on a weeknight.
<review# 1527,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2010,7/12/2010,8,104,5,15,9>Let me put it this way.They have four different margarita sizes.  But, regardless of which size you get, this guy walks around throughout the night and fills your glass up.  Yea, that's right.  For $3.75, you get a bottomless margarita.   The food is like $5.  Everything is incredibly cheap and pretty good.  It is small, and it feels authentic and family run.  It is not amazing, but for what you are paying and for what you get in return, you really cannot beat it.  It is a really special find.  Enjoy your bottomless drinks.
<review# 1528,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2010,7/11/2010,140,143,,5,7>I frequent Sushi Yoko so often that I should just camp out there.  And, I usually hop (waddle) over to Tomato to pick up tea, miso, noodles, and the like so I can savor the flavor at home.  I find their prices to be pretty reasonable.  They always have my silken tofu on sale, and several other specials too.  You can get sashimi grade fish, roe, seaweed and jellyfish salad, furikake, and all the dried squid you can handle!I'm not really into anime, but I have noticed that they have a huge video library.  Not sure if it's rental or purchase, but something to keep in mind for those interested.  They also have plates, rice cookers, and utensils that will be helpful in your Japanese cooking endeavors.  I will always stop in Tomato to pick up my few essentials after hitting the sushi bar and you should too!  Just make sure to watch your head when you reach for the sashimi!
<review# 1529,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2010,7/10/2010,35,125,5,4,4>Absolutely delightful.  Yogurt Tap is a real treasure.  Cute, clean, communal.  The Stroller Mafia is full in effect here, all their precious little Jaydens and Aidens and Makynsees and Ansleys all lined up for their shot at six different yogurt flavors and a buttload of delicious toppings.I strongly recommend the original yogurt with captain crunch.  It's like candy breakfast!
<review# 1530,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2010,7/9/2010,216,468,11,12,10>I was lining up to putt, somewhere around the 10th hole. It was dark, black lights casting neon reflections, an '80s pop hit blaring in the background. And then I felt it. Something dropped on my head. WTF? I swatted at it, knocking it away. It took a few moments before my eyes were able to focus and adjust and notice what it was: a big, rubber, nasty-ass toy spider, dropped on me from above by a string. Little did I know, but one of the workers behind the counter with a great view of the course had been waiting, remote control in hand, to drop that pesky bugger on some unsuspecting putt putt professional and at that moment in time, it was my turn. This was one of the many dorky things that made Monster Mini Golf fun for the likes of me. Granted, their mini golf course is not super inventive in terms of obstacles, but it's still challenging, and the monster element adds just the right amount of goofiness to make an old guy like me smile. The big, animated dragon in the corner was impressive.One other thing I thought was cool -- the person on our putt putt team with the worst score was given a free pass for a future round of mini golf. "For practice," the employee said with a smile while handing it over.And beyond the golf, there is much fun to be had (and quarters to lose) in the arcade. I wasn't so intrigued by the ticket spewing Wheel of Fortune-like machines that many of my friends seemed to enjoy (and who won oodles of paper tickets). But I can ride a mean video game motorcycle!
<review# 1531,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2010,7/8/2010,223,140,9,13,14>Such a huge fan of Highland Pet Supply, great selection of food and the service is fantastic. The prices are a little high on some food items, which are of higher grade than a lot of pet food out there. Also, they were nice enough to tell me that they had self service pet grooming now.I must mention my favorite part of my last visit and that would be Cash, the pitbull. As I was paying for my Katie's food and signing the receipts, I happened to notice 2 friendly eyes staring at me. As I leaned over the counter to say hi, he reached up to meet my greeting. Cash hopped up on the chair and then the counter to get to me, best friends were made that day.So yes, please frequent Highland Pet Supply and don't forget to say hi to Cash, you'll be glad you did.
<review# 1532,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2010,7/6/2010,46,143,7,9,8>I first started going to Laura on the recommendation of a friend I worked with at a previous job.  At the time, Laura was at Key Lime Pie.  Those days seem so long ago!  When she told me she was moving to another location one emotion set in: Panic.  Where was I going to go?  How far away was she moving?  I had finally found someone who could do my hair!  Luckily she moved to Lux so I followed her there like the stylist stalker that I am.  I was very excited when she told me she was going out on her own and I was even more excited to know that it's still not that far away.  My car shimmies when I go outside 285 so thankfully she is close.  I have gotten many compliments on my hair and I always tell people where I go.  I even started sending my husband to Laura to get his hair cut  because she does such a fantastic job.
<review# 1533,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2010,7/4/2010,193,304,2,8,5>Usually I end up in Penang when I am not too sure what I wanted to eat in the area.  They offer a huge mix of Chinese, Malaysian, Filipino, and Thai dishes, one of the most eclectic and lengthy Southeast Asian menus in town.  I think a number of dishes do turn out inconsistent or simply bad, but there are enough delicious dishes to justify a four star.  It's easy to try this place for the 1st time, order 2~3 bad dishes, and come to a negative conclusion.  I've changed my opinion a little bit every time I visited, up and down, up and down.  Signature noodle soup, pad thai, and beef chow fun all struck me as being uniquely spicy, especially in Pad Thai and chowfun's case it can be considered a Malaysian interpretation.  I am not sure I prefer this twist, though they are all tasty.  Hainanese Chicken is another signature dish.  Tender and clean flavor from steaming, with a tangy red sauce on the side.  Without much red sauce it's a bit too bland on its own soy sauce.  The rice that came with was terribly soggy and lacked the supposed infused chicken flavor.  Not bad, but not too impressed. Claypot noodles--Cantonese influenced and delicious.  Could do without the chunky cut vegetables, but loved the thick sauce, noodle texture, and healthy dose of white pepper.  Roti Canai is the appetizer that wins over just about everyone.  It has a much deeper taste than I've had in other places, and the bread portion is good.  I can't say enough about how good this dish is.    Nasi Lemak, a Malaysian national dish that can be prepared in many ways even at the same place, gives you a variety of foods to eat on one plate and is a great lunch choice.  Lobak presents a number of fried items that are light and crispy, also a good dish.  It's a bit too large to share between two people with entree,Quite awful dishes to me were the oyster omelet (dry, overcooked, bland) and tripe stew (bland, too chewy).  I also did not like too much the popular kari noodle soup, finding the soup unpleasant compared to other curry noodles I've had.        Despite many visits I still can't say I have a solid idea what to expect from Penang whenever I order a new dish.  Wouldn't be surprised to find more stinkers.  I am giving it 4 stars because I've had enough good dishes here.  It's also open til pretty late.
<review# 1534,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2010,7/3/2010,354,392,4,10,9>And now, for my 300th review, I give you my opinion of Saravana Bhavan.  This makes perfect sense since I went with three wonderful Yelpers (Lauren S., Zack E., and Todd P.)  The first thing I thought when I walked in is "hmm, this looks like something" and I think we decided the interior reminded us of Ryan's or Piccadilly's.  The service was slow at first, but became more attentive as the space cleared out (it was pretty packed when we got there.)  Zack kept sending me links to pictures of dosas, and I thought they looked big, but man, they are huge in person!  We quickly ran out of space on the table just ordering three.  I got the Masala dosa, it was delicious, I don't know how I've never had one before now.I ordered the Aloo Gobi, and it was the yums, definitely.  It tasted like it had a bit of coconut milk in it, which isn't something I've had in Aloo Gobi before, and it totally made it for me.  The rice that came with it.... kind of looked/tasted like Uncle Ben's.   Bwaaah bwaaah.Lauren was nervous about whether or not there may be flour in some of the food (Lauren and gluten are sworn enemies) but the waiter was very knowledgeable about ingredients and showed her which meals were safe for her to eat.  I will definitely be back for more very soon!!
<review# 1535,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2010,7/2/2010,245,510,7,12,8>Here's the thing about having 2 dogs...they do weird things, like walk.  Plus, these nails they have aren't that great for my hardwood floors when they do that weird walking thing.  Never mind when they decide to rough house with each other, running and sliding across those hardwood floors.  Scratches.  Everywhere.  Time for a refinish!So what to do...because my experience with contractors is hit and miss.  Even the ones that do a good job, are in some way unreliable, forgetful, etc.  You always have to wonder why they never understand the customer service end of the business...if they can figure that out, they've struck gold.I think this place has the equation right.  A single point of contact who's only goal is customer service, he takes care of the contractors.  No headaches.  Professional and reliable.   If you read my other service reviews...carpet cleaning, lawn service, auto detail, car repair...you'll know that I am picky about who I use (and you thought I was picky about pizza), and will pay more for reliability, customer service and going the extra mile.  You get what you pay for!  You get what you pay for!  YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR!  So especially with a vital part of your home, stay away from the low-ball contractors...they are desperate for a reason.Not that I'll need flooring often....but when I do, these guys are my first call.
<review# 1536,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2010,6/30/2010,216,364,9,7,7>So I just had a baby, and boy do those hormones make you grow hair in, um, unexpected places...Fast forward to trying WAX out.  Seemed a little fancy schmancy when I arrived, but I soon found out how cool and low-key everything was.  Great folks, I tell you.  Whitney was super cool and pleasant, professional, and quick.  Love the hard wax vs. the other muckety stuff of the past.  The open air rooms can be a little "open" (ie. hearing others in the rooms next door), but it doesn't really matter to me.I'm looking forward to coming back for a little eyebrow rehab.
<review# 1537,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2009,6/29/2010,94,110,9,7,6>Much to my mother's dismay, I wanted an orange sash to accent my wedding dress.  I checked out Hancock Fabrics and Joanne's, but they just didn't have what I was looking for.  Hurrah for Yelp and finding Gail K Fabrics!  I walked into a store crammed full of more fabric than I have ever seen in one place in my entire life.  My creative juices started flowing and I forgot my initial purpose as I started imagining all the wonderful clothes, sofa covers, curtains, etc. that I could make with all this awesome, unique fabric!  Then I remembered I can't sew and I lose patience every time I try to learn and kick the sewing machine until it breaks.  And then I found the perfect fabric for my awesome orange sash.Yay for Gail K. Fabrics!
<review# 1538,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/16/2009,6/27/2010,145,240,4,5,6>When thinking about writing this review, Grindin' by Clipse (featuring Pharrell) effortlessly popped into my mind. The first little verse goes something like this and it can be used to describe Grindhouse Burgers perfectly:"From ghetto to ghetto, to backyard to yardI sell it whip on whip, it's off the hardI'm the...neighborhood pusha"Grindhouse kinda is in the ghet'. They took an item commonly found in the backyard and put it on the scene. And lastly, they're becoming a neighborhood favorite in the burger game.They're located in the Sweet Auburn Market on Edgewood and Jesse Hill. I'd never been to the market before and wasn't all that impressed. It has its history, but it just pales in comparison to Dekalb Farmers Markets selection and quality. I will say they have some impressive looking, thick-cut bacon here that I'm going to have to try one day soon. I believe the vendors rent their space, but it looks like most are regulars and have been there for a number of years. And then, there's a food-court!?Grindhouse opened about a month ago and I tried it immediately and found it, well... interesting. They are essentially set up like a bar but you order your food from a register and then pull up a stool. There is a white tile wall on which they project horror, kung fu, and grindhouse films. This is pretty cool but there's no sound and it's pretty bright in the market (thus, cutting down on the visibility of the projection). When they first opened they were empty but slow as molasses. It took at least ten minutes to get my order. I opted for the double patty burger cooked Cowboy style - thick cut bacon, crispy vidalia onions, cheddar cheese, and BBQ sauce. While the patties were pretty much well done, they still were very juicy and seasoned perfectly. The thick cut bacon was a nice touch as was the cheese. Both the onions and the BBQ sauce were pretty much undetectable. The buns here are tasty, soft potato buns. As you can tell from the picture, the burger was unnecessarily too greasy.I also got an order of the vidalia onion rings. These were weak. The bag wasn't even a third of the way full (see photo). Secondly, they had no crunch or flavor to them. These weren't onion rings, they were onion strings and I did not appreciate getting charged $2.50 for them. At least fill the bag three fourths of the way up.This past Saturday I went back for a follow-up evaluation. Again, the service was slow. I ordered in advance on the phone this time. When I got there my order took as long to get as the people who ordered in person. The lady at the counter assured me that the guys liked to make the burgers fresh. Look, if I order in advance, and I'm not there in five minutes, then the cold food is on me, not you. On the flip of this concept, they had already made my shake so it just sat there melting away while I waited another ten minutes. This makes NO sense.I went for a turkey burger cooked cowboy style this go-round. I was a bit confused when I unwrapped my t-burger as it looked like a fried patty. Turns out it was an enormous onion ring (literally twice teh thickness of the turkey) covering the actual patty, which was so much better than the onion strings on the original Cowboy I got. Makes me wonder if they changed their side onion rings too? The turkey is moist and flavorful and a great beef alternative. The GF went for a single beef patty Grindhouse (real original name) style - lettuce, grilled onions, pickles, American cheese, and Grindhouse sauce-their take on Big-Mac sauce. Both of our burgers again, were too greasy.I ordered a peanut butter/chocolate shake. I didn't do my research (they make them with soft serve) and the shake was just horrid. Not only did they have that timing problem, where it melted for 10+ minutes, but I think there may have been Reeses Peanut Butter Cups in it which all clumped at the bottom and made it difficult to drink with a straw. There are still so few places that make shakes in Atlanta the right way (hard-scooped ice cream people!)The location/parking are slightly inconvenient, but the burgers are darned tasty. I think it's a bit pricey for what you get, but then again, so is Five Guys. There have been an insane amount of burger joints opening in Atlanta and there's no way all of them will make it. Given all the choices, I don't think I'll often return to Grindhouse. If they can improve on the sides, time management, and grease factor, I'd be back in a decelerated, cholesterol-induced heartbeat.
<review# 1539,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2010,6/25/2010,1772,1772,10,16,12>Simply put, this place is DA BOMB.  I'd heard a lot about this place and been wanting to try it out as I love Japanese food (not just sushi).  This is one of a handful of restaurants in metro Atlanta that is authentic Japanese - the chefs, servers, food, and even patrons.  As soon as I walked in, I felt like I was back in Japan.  The sushi bar was busy, there were Japanese businessmen at several of the tables, all I could hear was Japanese being spoken throughout.The restaurant is located in a strip mall just north of 285 on Buford Highway.  If you're traveling north on Buford, the restaurant will be on your right.  It's in the corner right next to Karaoke Melody.  The inside is nicely decorated and very Japanese traditional from the tables/chairs, wooden walls, lighting, etc.  Although, I did notice a few items from IKEA (haha) such as the coat hooks in the bathroom, the floor lamps and some of the dishes.The menu is extensive and this is probably the widest selection of authentic Japanese food I've seen in Atlanta.  Also interesting is the menu tells you where certain ingredients are from, whether it was flown in from California or Japan or wherever.  I like that.  This place has a reputation of being pricey, but it's really not.  Check out my Local Photos of this place to see the "Today's Specials" menu when I went.  The majority of the dishes were anywhere from $4 to $8.  Very reasonable especially for such high quality Japanese food.The best part about this restaurant is the quality.  The ingredients are so fresh and each dish is skillfully prepared by Art Hayakawa (master sushi chef) and the other chefs.  We ordered several dishes, which included Jellyfish with Shiso plum (very interesting flavor), Baby freshwater Sijimi clam Miso soup, the Haya-san box (special boxed-type of sushi - not rolled - with tuna, salmon, crispy tempura flakes, avocado, tobiko, masago and more), Enoki mushroom wrapped in bacon on a skewer, Green tea flavored cold buckwheat noodles, Raw wasabi marinated octopus, Ikura don (tobiko mixed with minced sea weed and rice), and a homemade Calpico sherbet dessert.Every single bite was delectable.  I loved the cold buckwheat noodles and haven't had anything like them in the States.  I always ate them on the airplane when I flew and connected in Japan.  These were great and were served with a small plate of wasabi, radish, finely chopped spring onion, and soy sauce that you could dip the noodles into.  The jellyfish and octopus were flown in from Japan.  The octopus was marinated and served with RAW chopped wasabi, not the concentrated processed paste that you normally see.  Awesome.  The Ikura don could be eaten alone without having to add any wasabi or soy sauce.  Very nice dish.  Be sure to check out my Local Photos for pics of all the dishes.The Calpico sherbet dessert is one of a kind.  You can only get it here where it's homemade and a Hayakawa specialty.  It's made out of the Japanese drink Calpico (or Calpis) and it's pretty much the shaved ice version of it with a sweet bean paste (or something) on top.Our server Takashi was awesome as was the rest of the staff and Art Hayakawa led everyone in the restaurant to sing Happy Birthday to me (I came on my birthday).  He likes taking pictures with his customers and posting them on the bulletin board in the back so he did the same with us.  We came on a Thursday night around 9pm without a reservation and while the restaurant was busy, we were seated and served immediately.Finally, the restaurant does a raffle on the first of each month for a $100 gift certificate.  If they call the number you leave and you don't answer, they "leave you a very sad voicemail."  Photos of all the winners are also posted in the back on the bulletin board.  Be sure to check out their web site (atlantasushibar.com) for a more detailed menu and photos of all their offerings.In summary, everything is top notch, from the service to the food.  This place rocks and is my new favorite Japanese restaurant in Atlanta.
<review# 1540,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2010,6/24/2010,129,504,8,8,9>Yes, I'm Cuban - thanks for asking.I've been multiple times, can't believe I haven't reviewed yet (does that sound like "Long time listener, first time caller" to anyone?).They make a point that it's EASTERN Cuban cuisine - it's a subtle difference, but you really have to look for the distinctions (offering red in addition to black beans, I think offering the elusive Cuban tamale, etc.).  Oh, and Desi Arnaz is from there (note: my Mom and my Father-in-Law are from eastern Cuba [Santiago de Cuba] and ole Desi must have gotten around because everyone and their mother says they knew this dude).On to the food.The best place to get Cuban food is my home or my Mom's - there.Having said that, this is pretty darn good.  Not upscale, but solid and with lots o' lard.Yes, Cuban food is Spanish cuisine with tropical fruits and vegetables, and LARD.The reason why many Cubans ask after adolescence "Does this dress/pair of pants make my ass look big?"No, your ass looks big because of the LARD you've been eating.Papi's is great - you can have a cafecito or a batido de mamey or a medianoche and walk away not feeling ripped off or violated.It'd be great if the servers not only posed as Cubans but also spoke the language.
<review# 1541,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2010,6/22/2010,474,1389,4,10,9>Now that's what I call a veggie plate!A friend & colleague and I decided on this place when we thought of Swallow in the Hallow but didn't want that much food.  Funny that we ended up here where the portions are definitely just as big.Everything sounded good, but the prices were a little high for lunch for the meats, so I opted for the 4 vegetable plate with broccoli casserole, black-eyed peas, collards, and cheese grits.  We also split the fried green tomato appetizer.  The cornbread that we munched on while waiting was very light and on the sweet side (not my favorite).  The fried green tomatoes were nice and tangy, though the breading was a little heavy and definitely needed the tomato sauce to cut the thickness.The portions are VERY generous.  They tell you that.  But seriously folks, huge.  You should have seen the fried chicken at the table across the aisle - it was at least half a chicken!  My plate came piled high and everything looked delicious, except for the cheese grits.  It was more like cheese soup with grits.  So I asked the waitress to exchange them for the sweet potatoes, and she did, no problems.  She also said that she likes hers a little thicker as well.Once that was squared away, absolutely no complaints.  The broccoli casserole had friend onions for saltiness and crunch, the black-eyed peas weren't at all mushy, the sweet potatoes were light and fluffy, and the collards were divine (no pepper sauce needed).  I ate and ate and ate, and didn't even put a dent in my food, and just about then, the waitress showed up with to-go boxes.Eating the leftovers today without reheating, the sweet potatoes and collards are still divine, but sadly, my plastic fork is no match for the thick and hearty broccoli casserole.Next time, I'll get the 3 veggie plate and save room for pie!Parking, like all of downtown Roswell, is a little tight.  The space itself is quite homey, and they take credit cards (which may be a recent addition, since my colleague didn't remember that being the case before).
<review# 1542,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/17/2010,6/21/2010,97,124,4,6,4>On my third visit to Aja, I still want to put them in the "Just Ok" column. My first was for a private business dinner on the top floor. The setup was nice, the servers were cool, the food ok. Second visit was for a Sol Fusion party where they had a very limited sushi menu. It was quite hectic purchasing food/drink as well as trying to party, so I wouldn't judge Aja on that occasion. This third visit was for an after work GNO, which was sooo needed after this work week. As usual, I was a few minutes late (I'm getting better at that) to meet my party which were already one drink ahead of me :-( so I needed to quickly catch up haha. We were seated next to the sushi bar and opening to the kitchen. In normal circumstances, well just about in all, I would have asked for another table. But seeing as the restaurant was jumping with large parties, I kept my mouth closed. The highlight of the night was the Manager, I assume he was the manager. Dude has major personality and he and a couple of the male waiters pulled our chairs out (while he asked for my number, which I thought was a joke, until he said something else about it...hmmm, kinda weird). But nonetheless, when I waitress took more than 20min to come take our orders, he was quick to start the process when one of the guests got his attention. As my girl says "don't mess with hungry women who will call corporate and report you" lol. Food - the spicy seafood entree was tasty, but the sauce was a little over the top....still made for good leftovers the next day. We order a few apps, calamari (which I love, but there was a HUGE bed of lettuce and only 6-7 calamari rings, disappointing), edamame (I had it during a previous visit and recall they were on point) and I had the rainbow roll (fresh!). Drinks - the raspberry margarita was good! Its made with Chambold*(spelling) which was my first time trying that type of vodka. I still think they are a little pricey for what it is...but considering its Buckhead, free valet and a pretty pricy-looking decor, guess they gotta make it up somehow.
<review# 1543,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/21/2009,6/20/2010,122,259,6,4,2>who eats suno in 37 degree weather?  pigs like me apparently.  omg.  omg. omg.  that was deliciousness.  my niece (who is getting drug out on all of my ridiculous  eating missions) and i almost got into a spoon fight over the mangoes and me and my trusty food loving bff almost had a mini spat over whether or not it was insane for her to get a little treat to go.  i convinced her that it was insane, but clearly, i was insane, as it is now 2 am...and i could so go for some shaved ice, fruity syrup, mangoes, strawberries and kiwi.  why isn't fat in style anymore? the signs say, "lo-cal"..but we all know...the addition of condensed milk ruins that theory.  when you look at the blocks of shaved ice, the yellowy hue lets you know...shit...this is just watered down condensed milk-shaved fresh for me!  whoooo hooo.  and to top it off with yummy fruits?  yep. heaven. a little tiny taste of it, right there, in a nook off of hong kong supermarket.  i can't even imagine what it's gonna be like for me this summer...knowing suno has my number.  give me strength.
<review# 1544,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2010,6/19/2010,98,509,,7,5>If I worked in midtown (instead of just living here) I'd be at this place all the time for lunch. Great sandwiches and all the people here are down to earth, I'd even go so far to say they're sweet. Rare for everyone at place to be so nice.The interior is very similar to eating in one of those living room showrooms at Ikea and it works very well. Clean design with great light from floor to ceiling windows. Comfortable and beautiful.I had the chicken salad sandwich, and this was the best one I've ever had. It had arugula, sun dried tomatoes, mayo, and fresh tender chicken. Loved it!My gf had the grilled cheese and it reminded me of those ones from middle school, but with much better cheese. They're open M-Sat until 3pm and we rolled in there on a Saturday about 2pm. Not too busy, but I imagine during the workweek they're doing well. We even got a free donut at the end of the meal! Yay! and they were Sublime donuts! Even better!If you're around here at lunchtime it's a must eat! You won't be disappointed.
<review# 1545,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2010,6/17/2010,94,50,16,6,9>Dear Sublime Burger,Your caramelized onions and BBQ sauce are a lovely new addition, but what makes you freakin' more awesomelicious is your not 1, but 2 Sublime donuts.  No longer do I have to lament not having enough donut-y sweetness to go around.Mr. Side Salad and his girlfriend Ms. Sherry Shallot Vinaigrette are superheroes by counteracting the heart attack you and your friend Mr. Bacon try to cause me. I love that you hang out at my Cheers, where everybody knows my name. And my obsession with the pickles.Please don't ever go away.Yours Truly,Me
<review# 1546,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2010,6/16/2010,21,48,9,13,8>La Grotta is SO old school,  and I mean that in the nicest way. From the formal servers in suits, to the red quilted fabric on the ceiling to the Buckhead-over-60 crowd, there's little that's modern about it. I almost expected to see Frank Sinatra walk in the door. So dress up, and plan on spending a evening partying like your grandparents did. This was our second visit in 3 weeks and both experiences were flawless. Expect to drop some serious cash though. You could easily spend over $100/per person. if you're up for that, don't miss the venison. if you're a vegetarian, you may be limited to the pasta dishes, but they won't disappoint. Portions are very generous. Study up on your italian wines, otherwise you'll be lost. The desserts are painful they're so yummy. I dream about the cold veal loin appetizer. Now, it would be a shame to miss this experience because you can't spend the cash. Here's a couple tips to  take a more frugal approach:Go when you can order the $23.95 "stimulus menu". If that's not possoible:Order wine from the specials list and you'll have a couple of choices under $40/bottle.Order apps for your main. There are SO many good choices. You won't go hungry, especially with all the bread they bring you. Skip the heavenly desserts; (sorry) they're pretty pricey. Split a salad-- they're fairly huge. Make reservations-- and don't wait til the day before or you might miss out. Both times the restaurant was full by 7:30 with no availability until 9. On the other hand, after 9 could be a totally interesting people watching experience--- and maybe Frank WILL walk through the door.
<review# 1547,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2010,6/15/2010,158,678,3,7,3>I was super worried after some jerk burned down the old location that I'd never see my cheap Cuban restaurant ever again. I drive past the charred skeleton of a building every day on my way to work. A sad sight indeed.Yet they rebuilt (finally)! It's another major intersection north of the old location, though the interior seems a little smaller with less tables. There was also a MUCH longer line of people and too many kids running around unattended. I'm not here to review people's parenting skills, though...The food is still what I remember. Delicious black beans, moist chicken, flavorful rice, sweet bananas. The place smells amazing too, leaving your salivating long before your food arrives. Thankfully it comes out quickly, served hot and fresh and sometimes with sides depending on what you order. Everything is dirt cheap, too!It's not quite the same as the old place and it seems as though the new space can't quite handle the amount nor type of clientele that comes through the doors, but the food is still the same delicious plate of sustenance you could get before. I can't recommend this place enough for a filling meal for under $10 that will leave you coming back for more time and time again!
<review# 1548,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/9/2010,6/14/2010,196,217,,13,5>Checked it out with the lovely Alayne H. last Friday and we had a mixed bag experience, but there were enough shimmers of light that I would likely go back again.The ambiance is pretty nice; a warm, rustic "lodge-light" feel to the dining room which is nicely segmented via the use of a stacked stone fireplace and a low wall dividing the space. The bar was the most crowded part of the restaurant and will likely remain so as the small plates list contained many of the best menu items. There is also a huge covered patio which will be lovely during warmer weather. The food highlights were the amazing wild boar flatbread (thin, crispy crust with delicious sauce), wild sausage sampler with homemade BBQ sauce- yum! and her homey and decadent whisky bread pudding. Gruet sparkling wine -one of my favorite always reliable and delicious domestic sparklers- was on the wine list for $12/ glass (outrageous!) but only $30/ bottle (bargain!) Lowlights included a winter tomato salad (tasteless and mealy- shouldn't even be on the menu this time of year!) and a beef filet which was ordered med rare and delivered between med well and well done. The service was at once effusive and clumsy. There were many people who were attending to our table but the timing was off: we asked to have the courses served in a leisurely way, but they came out of the kitchen a bit stacked on each other's heels which may have even contributed to the steak being served too well done as it was done and ready to serve before we were finished with the salad course. Our server told us it had been sitting in the service window, so with that knowledge, we said go ahead and bring it even though the table was still full of plates. One other service note: we asked for the leftovers from the starters to be boxed up and the two little boxes were brought back to us in a giant brown paper grocery bag and the bag put on top of the table before the entrees had even arrived. It was a distracting and a rookie move which no one afterwards corrected despite 3-4 people coming to check on the table, so we took it off the table ourselves after 5-10 minutes. The GM was a clear presence on the floor and stopped at every table, so did the chef. As the restaurant had just opened, I absolutely understand the staff in the kitchen and on the floor will need to work out some kinks, so that is why I am giving it a 3 stars for now with the potential to move up with better service execution.
<review# 1549,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2010,6/13/2010,215,493,18,4,5>I went here last Saturday night to meet some friends after they'd been working at Draft on Taft.  We attempted to get their early to eat but got waylaid by fresh fruit and vodka drinks at home so we got there a bit late and were told the wait would be 25-30 minutes.  Of course, it was much longer than that so by the time they beeped us, we had already secured our spot at the bar and had ordered some food.  We really, really needed food at this point (stupid vodka).Maybe it was because I was drunk or maybe because I needed food so badly or maybe because I was distracted by the fabulously fun to watch crowd, but the quesadilla I had was freakin' fantastic.  Seriously.  It had cheese, grilled shrimp, onions, peppers, jalapenos and guacamole and it was so so good.  I will get this again.  Soon.Before we got our actual bar seats, and even a little after, it was a bit tough at times to order drinks.  The bartenders seemed a bit inefficient.  But, then I got drunker and didn't care.  And, we did get drinks.And finally, shortly before we left, I met the Lord of The Douchebags! This guy was a piece of work.  I mean, you have your run-of-the-mill douchebags, and they're fine and all, but this one was many levels above average.  He worked alone (he obviously needed no wingman), dropped names like they were hot, impressed us with both his former professional athleticism (which may have been BS because all my Google searches have come up empty) as well as his business acumen, shamed our attempts at style by mentioning that he had to have his shirts custom-made and that he was just at Hermes earlier in the day, and complained about how difficult it was for him now because he was still just so damn big and muscular despite only doing "casual" workouts.  It got to be fun - I could openly ask questions like what car did he drive, how much money did he make, which top shelf liquor did he prefer the most.  But then he made the critical and miscalculated error of inviting both of us back to his place to "hang out" resulting in a cold rebuff, which meant that he had to move on and try to impress someone else.  But, it was super fun discussing him on our walk back home.  Next time you're here, look for him.
<review# 1550,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/23/2009,6/12/2010,343,405,12,9,8>There are times that the guys and I just want to dance the night away.  When those rare occasions happen, we usually go to Jungle.  Jungle has been many things within its lifetime and I'm glad they stopped focusing on being every type of bar/club out there and just be known as a dance club.A few weeks ago, they had a themed night called "Madonnaramma."  It was absolutely one of the best and most fun nights I've had in Atlanta.  I highly recommend that Jungle continues these themed nights!We want:It's Britney, B*#%H NightDisney Mania (Anyone that came from Disney...Miley, Justin Timberlake, Christina Aguilera, etc..)Janet Jackson NightEuro Pop VH1 DivasSeriously, the list can go on!!!  With more themed nights like this, I am sure Jungle would become more of a hangout place for our group and the rest of Gay Atlanta!
<review# 1551,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2010,6/11/2010,35,40,7,9,8>Woah, I couldn't believe the fellow Yelpers Joe L. and Kevin F. gave Bento such bad reviews.  I have been a loyal customer of Bento since it opened 5 years ago.  The quality of food has always been top-notch and consistent so I don't know what they are complaining about.  I can't speak for the service but if you eat out enough you should know that even the best restaurants in town have their "off" days b/c of the staff issues.  Perhaps Bento has one of these days.As matter of fact, I was there yesterday for Chinese New Year dinner.  I was so blown away by one of their new dish "Fried Stinky Tofu".  Oh my mother of god!  I thought I've died and gone to heaven!  I was so happy that I almost cried!  It was THAT good!  If you ever been to Taiwan and tried this famous traditional street food, you know how it should taste like and also its infamous smell.  It was soooo good, crispy on the outside and just right amount of moisture inside.  The cabbage was just puuuuuurfect!  And I love their garlic sauce too!Price for this dish is a bit steep but I am very happy to hand them that $5.49 everytime.  You get what you pay for.  Great dish with great taste!  Hands down to Bento for making Stinky Tofu, I've craved for it for several years,  and it is on my fav list now.  As matter of fact, I am heading back there on Tuesday again to serve myself another "stinky" dish!   Can't wait!
<review# 1552,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2010,6/10/2010,131,65,6,11,6>Taco T has been on a regular rotation for me now over the past few months and I even ordered a bunch of tacos for a work Christmas potluck. Everyone said they really liked them but my manager happened to dump a bunch of red sauce on his tacos and walked away before I warned everyone that the sauce is very hot... oops... bad career move.After going back and trying a number of the other items, I highly recommend the barbacoa (like a pulled beef) and chorizo (finely chopped pork I think) meats. They also offer burritos and tortas and nearly any of the meats can be ordered on them too. Their breakfast burritos are also good and can be ordered any time of the day. Be aware to check their open time, though, I have been disappointed in the past to discover they open at 9:00 am making it unavailable for breakfast before work.So, Taco T will be a regular spot for me and I recommend checking it out.
<review# 1553,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2009,6/9/2010,458,1067,11,15,18>For some reason most people seemed surprised to hear that I had never been to the Eagle. Sure, it's a gay bar, but I never found an occasion to visit until our UYE after the police raided them at the beginning of September. I'm always up for a good time and the leather scene doesn't scare me, so I'm sure I would have made it there eventually (although I'm glad I didn't wait any longer). Even though we had a relatively small group you would have thought we were the only ones there because everyone was amazingly nice and attentive. Chris L. was kind enough to give me the "grand tour" and I'll be glad to testify that I was unable to find the secret rooms that the APD described in some of their undercover reports, but I digress... We ended up going on a night that they were having a special event to benefit the legal fund that has been established to defend the 8 employees that were arrested. I heard we helped raise over $300 (I doubt we can take full credit, although Leah F. and I really worked the dance floor). A good time was had by all and we even made some new friends. Carrie Neal W. and I told one of the fundraiser planners we were from Yelp she said that she recently started using the Yelp iPhone app. That was just too cool for school. :)
<review# 1554,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2009,6/7/2010,236,165,4,11,7>I love this place! My fiance took me there for Valentine's Day and I just relaxed and felt like blob when we left. Jeju is 24 hours. There was many different types of rooms/sauna's made from different materials such as clay, jade, salt, amethyst etc. It was very clean and they also had a restaurant inside that was a little pricey for korean food. There was a gym and a smoke room upstairs. hey also had a huge pool in the unisex area. Warning......They had male and female areas (naked areas)that were separate with three small pool/hot tubs at different temperatures, showers, infrared light, steam sauna and a sleeping area. They offered different services such as body scrubs, massages, acupressure and hip baths. I highly recommend Jeju Sauna !
<review# 1555,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2010,6/6/2010,469,375,2,12,8>Chat Patti specializes in Gujarati Indian food.The papdi chaat was amazing (5 stars).  It was simultaneously super spicy, refreshingly cool, very sweet, savoury, and crunchy.  The combination of crispy wafers, yogurt, sweet tamarind chutney, coriander chutney, moong dal, and potatoes was extraordinary.  I'm a huge fan!  The portion was large, filling, and only $4.99 + tax.On the other hand, the veg-thali (3 stars and $8.99 + tax) failed to impress; I found it mediocre.  Its vegetables were too spicy for me, and I disliked the channa masala (chickpeas).  Beware the innocent looking vada (doughnut) that comes with the veg-thali.  The vada is the spiciest one of all, and drinking one whole bottle of water failed to extinguish the fire in my mouth.  However I did enjoy the puri (puffy bread), and the rice was not bad.Don't expect to find meat here.  It's a vegetarian restaurant.Bring cash unless if you plan to spend over $10.  Chat Patti is in the same strip mall as Cafe Bombay.
<review# 1556,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2010,6/5/2010,60,152,3,5,3>Well, I went to Hobnob three times in less than a week.  That should pretty much say it all, but I'll elaborate a bit more for 'ya.First trip was a reservation for 8 people on a Friday night, which is a large group to fit into this small space, but they made it happen.  Everyone ordered drinks, apps and entrees and I heard not a single complaint.  Everyone LOVED the pretzels with cheese and the pot roast was really tender.  I had the mac & cheese of course, which was not my favorite, but was pretty good--it's a little fry for my taste.Next trip---I took my bf back the next day for lunch because I was craving those pretzels!! We ate the pretzels and saved the cheese and basically dunked our burgers in it...yeah, I know--heart attack waiting to happen, but that cheese is just awesome.Third trip--the next Friday night.  Well, the service was awesome as usual.  Everyone is super friendly and prompt--even when the place is slammed.  But, I'll have to admit that I was a little disappointed this time.  The damned pretzels that haunted me all week weren't as delicious as I remembered.  I think maybe they had been sitting out under a heat lamp for a while-they just weren't crispy like the first 2 times.   Otherwise, our meal was great.  Will definitely go back again...in fact....what am I doing for lunch today???
<review# 1557,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2009,6/4/2010,705,321,13,19,21>Quite simply the finest confections I've had since France! Even by those standards this is world-class workmanship that deserves the highest recognition! Every single bite is no less then eye closing, "Oh my God! Are there drugs in this?" ecstasy! I discovered Maison Robert's down at the Saturday Farmers Market in Piedmont Park, and I've been buying at least one different item from the charming Katia every week! There is a consistency in the sophistication of these delights that's impressive on every level. My ultimate test for any artist in this world, is if they can make me appreciate something I've previously found unpalatable. In this case, the culprit is  flour-less deserts! They're always dry, thick heavy handed creations that never fail to disappointment... until now... With a leap of faith, past experiences in mind, and Katia's suggestion taken to heart, I'm shocked to say, I just enjoyed the hell out of a flour-less chocolate tart! I couldn't have been more delighted! Delicate texture, rich chocolate, and a light berry filling that was so mild in it's presence that you found yourself  savoring it's flavor and not wanting the experience to end! Don't even get me started on the lemon meringue tart I had two weeks ago! Crust so finespun, and filling so melodious it was supernatural! Either get down to the Farmers Market this weekend or head out to their official location... but DO seek them out! These creations are a transcendent  experience unto themselves and not to be missed! Masterful. (Is it Saturday yet?)
<review# 1558,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2009,6/2/2010,787,655,8,10,11>Okay to quote the infamous Drake song.... "You the F*$&n' best!!!"Yup people, believe all the hype! Trust me you know it's good when you arrive and you see 4 other yelpers already  there!Margherita pizza was excellent: Fresh basil, pepperoni, just enough sauce and not overbearing with the cheese. In addition we ordered the cannoli with a hint of lemon zest!!! I can't say nearly enough about this place that hasn't already been said!
<review# 1559,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2010,6/1/2010,440,453,15,15,16>So my 300th review I considered VERY, very heavily which restaurant I was going to choose to focus on....Then I thought about all the amazing things that I had experienced in this city and settled on one, Holeman & Finch.  I discovered this place randomly.  Walking down Peachtree looking for a new apartment, I came across H&F Bakery randomly.  As I mused what I was going to purchase (which ended up being a very yummy slice of Chocolate cake), the cashier somehow mentioned the "Best Burger in the city" and how it was only available at 10pm....dont sleep on it, they only make 24 of them."The whole concept was just cool.  They had the supply/demand thing going on, along with an underground buzz....kudos to the marketing guy.I pined for three days about the damn burger.  How soon was I going to go, what did it really taste like, and why the hell had I never heard of it before...i mean, I am a foodie damn it, I should know about things like this...But I didnt.The first time I went to Holeman & Finch, me and my love (at the time), decided that we would experience it on a Friday night.  The restaurant was packed at 9:45, and even though we had gotten there early, I was nervous as hell that we werent going to be "on the list".We sat at the bar for a minute, until our table was ready.  Once we were seated, we both ordered cocktails that came out the size of my pinky...I couldnt understand why the damn drinks were so damn small.  At a few moments after 10p, just like clock work, these burgers began to appear all over the restaurant paired with french fries....and just like that, our burgers landed on our table as well.From the bun, to the meat, to all the fixings....(even the mustard), every ingredient was fresh and most, if not all, stuff made in house.  It tasted like heaven.  Literally.  I have no clue what heaven is going to be like, but I'd imagine, there would be all you can eat Holeman & Finch burgers...(not sure why that thought makes me really, really happy---I think I have a problem...).The burger has a "spec" temperature, so there are really no modifications that you can make (i think they prepare it at Medium), and it so damn delicious.Is it the best burger in Atlanta?  Maybe, just maybe...perhaps I'll tell you when I reach 400 reviews...but for right now, I am going to bask in meaningless glory....
<review# 1560,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2009,5/31/2010,122,193,17,9,13>Ahem. Hi! I'm Belle and I'll be handling this review for my human captor Gretchen. She's been taking me to Furbusters for my "spa day" for years now. The girls take such good care of me and my daughter Gemini. I used to pull at that silly noose she calls a "leash' when she threatened to take me to the "groomer" but once I gave in and met the gals at Furbusters I knew my tail would be wagging on my next visit.They do such a good job transforming me from that "Gitmo escapee" look of neglect into the hottie starlet I truly am. No matter how busy they are, the gals at Furbusters try so hard to squeeze me in. I ALWAYS get my glam on at Furbusters!
<review# 1561,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2010,5/30/2010,70,157,5,5,3>I've only been once, and it was for NYE. Had a GREAT time. They had a lady doing fire tricks, and folks dangling down from the ceilings doing acrobatic tricks. They had folks dressed as transformers and astronauts walking around too.A friend of mine had VIP, so drinks were on him. I had a great time. Music was good (good as in great club music to DANCE to. Music snobs, don't expect to hear all your obscure favorites).There is a lot of space, and a good amount of seating. Several bars as well.
<review# 1562,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2010,5/29/2010,227,316,10,36,17>I have volunteered with quite a few organizations in and around Atlanta and HERO for Children is by far the best. No other organization comes close! I started volunteering here last summer for one of their large events which was a huge Field Day. There were just as many volunteers as children and EVERYONE was having a great time. I cannot imagine the amount of planning that went into having this event go off without a hitch. Anyway, HERO for Children is an organization that seeks to improve the quality of life for children living with or affected by HIV/AIDS.  They do this by teaching life skills development, providing emotional and mental support through mentoring relationships, and just making sure that the children have access to a wide range of life experiences. It's great! I have been mentoring with them for less than a year but, I can already tell that this is going to be a long term commitment. If you are looking for a way to get involved, I would highly recommend HERO for Children.
<review# 1563,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2010,5/28/2010,212,96,7,8,7>What a great way to celebrate Persian New Year!"Cutting Edge Persian and Southwestern Fusion" does that make any sense? Well in the case of Shiek Burrito & Kabobs it goes together like "bread and butter."Located in a shifty shopping center next to  Taco Cabana, this place is a great "hole in the wall" place for lunch. Nestled near a busy intersection, this "jem" can be easily over looked but scanning the business signs, you'll do a double-take when you read "burritos & kabobs". It's a looney concept and restaurant idea that works in so many ways. From the colorful painted mural wall, deli fridge filled with tasty Persian side items, and an actual owner operated restaurant, this is truly a local foodie treasure. Order the lamb burrito, about 1lb of food it's filled with fresh spinach, diced beets, aromatic rice, fresh herbs & vegetables, and lots of flavorful chunked lamb. The wrap is not a traditional corn or flour tortilla but (I'm assuming) a Persian style flat bread/tortilla. Didn't care much for the bland tortilla chips and salsa as a side. My advice, throw out the chips and pour the salsa on top of the burrito.  Once you've had Sheik's burritos, you will never go back to Moe's gut-busting "Joey (Barf)bag of Donuts".  I think my "high" just wore off. I'm ready for another burrito fix.
<review# 1564,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2010,5/27/2010,489,857,15,11,11>I was surprised. I never thought I would like some frozen yogurt place. Of course, they've evolved a bit over the years. Instead of something tasteless, we get something as good as soft-served ice cream, and it comes in many different, exotic flavors.  This is one of the best dessert hangout places I've been. I love all the flavors of their yogurt. I especially like the green tea and the ferrero rocher flavors. How will you know what's your favorite flavor if you never been there? Well, they're nice to give you a small sample cup to try out all the flavors. Theoretically, you can satisfy yourself with all the yogurt goodness you want with that little sample cup, but if you do that, you're one cheap dirt bag.They also provide you with a smörgsbord of toppings. The toppings range from the exotic like mochi to not-so-exotic like fruity pebbles. They also provide fresh fruit, condensed milk, and other syrups. The flavor combination of both the yogurt and the toppings are endless. Their service is great because it's self serve. You can squish as much yogurt and toppings into your cup as you want. It's 39cents/oz., but depending how much you pig out, it can get expensive. This is a great new addition to the Vinings area. I'm definitely coming back when I'm craving something healthier than ice cream, cold, sweet, smooth, and yogurt like.
<review# 1565,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2010,5/26/2010,81,286,6,10,11>SO i'm sitting here-at work-at my desk-eating my generous serving of oatmeal from the otter this morning. It is a great portion. You even get to choose your add-ins. I opted for: brown sugar, white sugar, cinnamon, raisins and butter. They also had honey-but that would have made it too sweet. I got all of this for only $1.89!!! starbucks-eat your heart out. I will no longer pay 4.99 for your stupid oatmeal!I had to yelp about this, b/c its so freaking good. it's so creamy and smooth.
<review# 1566,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2010,5/25/2010,216,175,9,16,13>I never really understood the whole locavore movement.  If the food is good, who cares if it came from California?  I became a convert after trying Atlanta Fresh Greek Yogurt at Whole Foods.  The proprietor was sampling his product and I was doing my usual bit by grabbing as much free food as possible.  I was very impressed with the Tropical Sweet Heat Yogurt, a mix of banana, mango, ginger, and habanero pepper.  I was blown away when the proprietor told me this rich, creamy yogurt was the nonfat version.  I then pull my wife over and she starts peppering the guy with questions she pulled from the internet... Do you use BPA? Where does the milk come from?  Do they use 3rd trimester pregnant cows for their milk (she's kind of become a food nut since The Boy was born)?  The owner had answers for every question.  They use locally made, grass- fed Johnston Farms milk, and even gave my wife their contact information so she could follow up with more questions (she did).  This is now the only yogurt she'll feed our son.For me, I'm blown away with how good the nonfat yogurt tastes, and am amazed that a product that's made on Monday can be on store shelves by Wednesday.  I love the Tropical Sweet Heat, the Peach & Ginger, and the Cherry Port Wine yogurts.  I've spotted these guys in the Buckhead Whole Foods, Alon's, and Star Provisions.   I'm not sure where else they serve it.
<review# 1567,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/14/2009,5/24/2010,214,189,15,7,8>Meeting Alain L and Kathleen M here a couple of Sundays ago, I had Gretchen O make a run for some Lactaid before dining here, as the delectable Krispy Kreme milkshake I had would have forced me to make some, er..., runs of my own without the aid of modern chemistry.  Gretchen and I arrived some twenty minutes after our dining companions, and we sat quickly. I'd had some friends suggest that the burgers were a bit small for my usual appetite.  While it did appear somewhat smaller than, say, your average Vortex burger, the taste of my chorizo burger certainly makes up for any (perceived) shortcoming in volume.  I was rather well-sated from my meal (granted, I was coming off of a late lunch) which was a bit on the pricey side, but still a good occasional splurge.Of the atmosphere, I'm of two minds--a gaggle of young, attractive waitresses walked about the assortment of high-design tables and booths, but the smaller space saw a burgeoning crowd waiting for tables stack up behind my head, sometimes noticeably peering over our shoulders at our food.  Part of me was glad that our companions arrived well early of us, in direct conflict with the part of me that's generally averse to being late.I'd venture to say that Flip is one of those trendy, see-or-be-seen venues.  I just wish the starers would wait for me to stop chewing...
<review# 1568,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2010,5/23/2010,243,486,15,11,10>I'm here to offset a couple of negative recent reviews. I come here for composting coffee grounds and beans frequently, have been here at least a dozen times, and have NEVER had bad or rude service. I do find the atmosphere less than welcoming with the stark interior, but the couches are cozy and coffee is consistently good.I am all in favor of discouraging the use of temporary paper and plastic cup usage. I am disgusted by people who come into a place and have a coffee FOR HERE and drink it in a disposable cup. WTF?!HELLO STARBUCKS! HELLO WHITE WINDMILL! So you are grossed out by a glass cup? BRING YOUR OWN CUP!! Cutting down the Amazon so you can have a goddamn beverage is way more disgusting than someone's old lipcrust...Cheers~
<review# 1569,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/3/2010,5/21/2010,60,246,3,5,4>Perhaps my expectations were a bit high for this place, given the reviews.  But I found it to be pretty standard Thai fare compared to other places I've been. Let's start at the beginning - yes, parking sucks, but after 6 pm, you can park at the bank/office building next door. So that's not too bad. Service was very friendly, but also very slow. We were there for about 2 hours (but probably 30 minutes of that was our doing - so an hour and a half would be a rough estimate of how long it took to get our orders taken, food out to the table, and eat).For appetizers, we had the basil rolls (standard flavor with a slightly fancy presentation), the larb chicken (gross, kinda sour and salty, but I think it's supposed to taste like that), and the Tom Ka soup (AWESOME!). Seriously, can't stress enough how awesome the Tom Ka is. And I don't usually even like it. I ordered the basil chicken, and I thought it tasted pretty much exactly like every other plate of basil chicken I've had.  My friend's Bangkok chicken tasted more Chinese than Thai to me, and it was definitely lacking in heat (whereas the basil chicken was quite nicely spicy).Oh, but the rice is awesome.  I've always been a fan of jasmine rice, and theirs is really good - sticky and well cooked. The thai iced tea was exactly what you would expect - super sweet, almost smoky, and delicious.  The mango and sticky rice was disappointing, as I've found is usually the case when eating Thai stateside. It just didn't produce the mouth orgasm that I always had when I ordered it from Thai street vendors.Jesus, we ate a lot of food.  I didn't notice until I started writing it all out!  In summary, I would definitely eat here again when I'm craving Thai, but I'm not putting it on my "to frequent" list just yet.
<review# 1570,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2010,5/20/2010,77,125,2,20,7>Good googly moogly this is good BBQ!This place just opened around 2 months ago on the corner of Terrell Mill and Powers Ferry Rd. where an old Shane's Rib Shack used to be.  I tried for the first time last week; it was a Friday and I was in love.  I ordered the BBQ pork sandwich basket-- you actually have a choice of sliced, chopped, or pulled!  I got the pulled-- and the meat literally just melted in my mouth.  Yes, it was that good.  They also make to order on what they can, so if you like your fries extra crispy like I do, you're in luck!  They are still trying to get their sides right in terms of ingredients and offerings, but that is fine with me.  Trial and error is the mother of greatness, so I am not going to judge them on that just yet.  Their prices are also very nice.  For my pork sandwich (piled high), a crapton of fries, a side of green beans, and extra BBQ sauce (homemade), I paid $5.83.  Not bad!  The service was good and the staff was friendly; every time I asked about a side the girl would let me sample it.  How sweet.  They also serve breakfast here and from the menu it looks delish but I have yet to try it.   I do remember however that they close daily at 3pm, so if you want to give it a whirl get here before then!
<review# 1571,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2009,5/19/2010,244,602,23,9,7>The day was strange enough. Pick up my friend from his office, listen to him negotiate legalese on his cell while another lawyer on the other end undoubtedly annoys HIS friend sitting nearby, ultimately arriving at the Chamblee police station to get fingerprinted. Oh, did I mention that said friend had talked me into getting a concealed weapons license and the first step is going to get your prints done? Actually the conversation went more like this:"Yeah, I need to renew my license. Want to come with and then grab lunch?""Uh, ok.""You can get one too!""Wait, we're not talking about driver's licenses, are we?"The things you're talked into when you're a Man of Leisure (otherwise known as "going on month 3 of unemployment.") With our prints done and us being near Buford Hwy, I suggested The Crawfish Shack. Most Yelpers have described it adequately. Small, clean, with a large case of sea life on ice dominating the room. There is, at best, seating for a dozen people in there. (When the weather cools, more tables will be added outside, the proprietor assured us.)I ordered a pound of crawfish and some extra hush puppies. My friend ordered a fried tilapia and some boiled shrimp. Both of us were quite pleased. My crawfish (oh, how I keep wanting to type "crawdads") were spicy and delicious. I mean it; if you're one to steer tang from your tongue, you may want to avoid these mudbugs. I was in heaven. Tails in my mouth, tang on my tongue, and I sucked the head too.  It was a sexual innuendo trifecta.The proprietor stopped by to see how we were liking his food. Along with the outdoor seating, he told us his plans to serve po boys in the near future. Oh yeah, sign me up. I can't wait to get 12 inches of po boy into my mouth.(And that, dear Yelper, is how you slide one last innuendo deep, deep, harder and deeper into your review.) 4.5 stars
<review# 1572,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/22/2009,5/18/2010,789,691,4,15,8>I'd been wanting to check out the so-called "gourmet fruit house" after seeing the 5-star reviews by some of my favorite Yelpers. And wow - who would've known such a gem existed on Auburn Av! Thanks, Yelpers! Seriously I left this place feeling happy. Might have something to do with feeling good about eating a healthy meal followed by healthy dessert. Might also have to do with the super nice owner!Menu is soups, grilled sandwiches, smoothies, fruit ice pops, & fruit cups - everything homemade, everything fresh. I decided to go for the "Just Veggin" sandwich since my veggie intake had been lacking lately - my sandwich had avocado, tomato, cucumbers, alfalfa sprouts, & Havarti cheese. But honestly it was the bread I enjoyed most. They use Latin bread (my first taste) which is slightly sweet, and they grill the sandwich panini-style. Healthy AND tasty. Slightly pricey at $6.25 but that includes tax so I'm ok with that :)Sandwiches also came with these toasted corn kernels ("Chulpe") that taste like unpopped popcorn kernels but bigger & nuttier. Apparently it's a popular snack in Ecuador. I can see these becoming addicting too. I think I might like them better than toasted sunflower seeds :)Everyday they have a different soup special and today I got a sample of the "Quinoa" soup which also had beef, carrots, & potatoes. Perfect for chilly weather! Best part - promoting the health benefits of Quinoa. The owner wrote on the menu about Quinoa grain being high in protein, calcium, iron, & Vitamin E. She was also great about promoting the health benefits of coconut milk when I decided to get the Cremoletta fruit cup. (Good for your skin & digestion.) Cremoletta fruit cup had fresh cut bananas, grapes, melon, papaya, strawberry, & watermelon - plus it had layers of homemade coconut cream ... I know the right answer is to say I liked the fruit more but wow, I liked the cream much much more :) Honestly some of the fruits in my fruit cup weren't that sweet but no surprise since some of them aren't in season now. I can only imagine how much sweeter & awesome tasting it would be in the summertime. I got the small size for $5.25 and after eating the sandwich, the corn kernels, the soup sample, & the fruit cup - I was super stuffed. But at least I can say I packed my stomach with super healthy food?? I hope so :)I'd definitely like to come back on a different day of the week to try the other soups and mostly definitely return in the summer to try the fruit ice pops and the other fruit cups.
<review# 1573,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2010,5/17/2010,139,167,6,6,5>Even though I'm holding out on the 5th star because I want to motivate them to make their veggieloaf vegan (get that egg white the heck out of your veggieloaf, Leon's!*), and even though I've been living in Atlanta only a little over a month now, I'm going to go ahead and say that Leon's is my favorite place in the ATL.  And that says a lot, considering how few things on their menu are vegan (though a fair amount are veganizable - and delish!)First off.  Their fries.  HOLY EFFING YUM their fries.  Best.  Fries.  Ever.  And I like to consider myself a connoisseur of the fry.  And these are AWESOME.  Vegan dips include a few kinds of ketchup (imo the mango is better than the madras curry) and the BBQ sauce.Then there are the delicious libations.  Amazing beer selections and a great little wine list, as well as seasonal cocktails (download the Vegan is Easy app or check out Barnivore.com if you're worried about the veg*ness of your drink!)  PERFECT!And the food.  When I've gone, I've gotten the carrot and pine nut hummus which is tasty and comes out a bright neon 80s orange.  Amazing.  The first time I went I ordered the Brussels sprouts and apple hash without the bacon, but this is a dish I'm sad to say definitely didn't translate without the added fat and smoke that I'm the sure the bacon gives it (cue remarks from all of you omnis about how bacon makes everything better/has magical powers/cures cancer and the common cold.)  The SECOND time I went, I went with the chickpea and cherry salad, minus the provolone cheese and THIS one is a HUGE winner in its vegan form.  I would have never thought to combine chickpeas and dried cherries but they are a match made in HEAVEN.  The waiter was even nice enough to give us the rundown on how it's dressed so I can replicate this simple but delicious concoction at home.Which brings me to the staff.  Hipsters are so much nicer in Atlanta than they are in San Francisco!  It's really weirding me out!  The tattooed, bespectacled, bearded, tight-jeaned, pearl-snap buttoned staff here has always been knowledgeable, laid-back, and super-friendly (my friend even had her number asked for by a waiter...but that's a different story, I guess.)Leon's for the win!*There are plenty of great vegan binders, Leon's chef!  If you're not into the whole packaged Ener-G Egg Replacer thing, how about some ground flax meal simmered in water?  Soy four, potato flour, tapioca flour, and cooked oatmeal (I'm serious!) would all also work wonders as a binding agent in your veggieloaf.  Give the vegans an entree!  We'll repay you with five stars and our awesome sexy frequent patronage, I swear!Also.  I'm going to ask your waitstaff if the veggieloaf is vegan every. time. I come in.  Doesn't that sound annoying?  Do you really want to put your nice waitstaff through that?1 Tbs flax meal to 3 Tbs water = 1 egg.  You're welcome!
<review# 1574,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/5/2009,5/16/2010,298,329,10,12,10>I should write a separate review on the ladies that run this place. They are painfully cute and sweet and definitely contribute positively to the overall dining experience. You can tell they love what they do and take pride in their restaurant (Bangkok opened in 1977, claiming to be "the first Thai restaurant in Atlanta"). Everyone there was regulars and didn't ask for a menu before ordering. The ladies told us that if you order the same dish several times or make any interesting changes to one of the menu choices, they'll name it after you ("David's Special Tilapia" was on the chalkboard the day I went). The fried ice cream seems to be a popular dish.The view is priceless. The huge windows provide a view of the busy Monroe and Piedmont intersection and a local homeless hangout. I lost my appetite a tad as I watched a homeless dude with burn scars eat out of a trashcan, licking his fingers after. I also kept myself entertained by ogling at least 20 glistening, sweaty, gay man bodies running on the sidewalk. The restaurant is small and very old, but I thought it was clean and nicer than others have thought, and I definitely didn't notice a smell.I had the shrimp salad, and my mom ordered the "Shrimp Ashore". My salad was crisp, refreshing, and flavorful, and the shrimp were perfectly cooked. If you ask for it very hot like I do, they'll do it - you'll go through at least a few glasses of water, but don't despair - they'll refill it before you begin to suffer. My mom has been eating Thai for decades, and she rarely ever cleans her plate. She spoke highly of her dish at Bangkok and ate every bite.If you want to dress up and go to the "it" place of the moment, don't go here. However, if you appreciate affordable, authentic, dependable Thai food served with a smile, you'll enjoy dining at Bangkok.
<review# 1575,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2009,5/14/2010,94,68,11,7,8>It's late.  Jang has been taking one of his infamous cat-naps again...and now he's hungry.  And all other restaurants are on the verge of closing for the night, and I refuse to be that jerk-face customer that comes in 10 minutes before closing time and expects to be served (anyone who does that can suck it!).   Where to go?  Quick!!!  We're running out of options, here.  Jang's stomach growl is getting louder and louder...OH NOOOOO!!!Thank heavens for Canton Cooks!They rescued us from starvation and crappy late-night food choices again...for like the thousanth time.I love how we can stroll on in way past 11 pm like it's only 6 pm (cause in hamster-land, it is...we're nocturnal, you know)!  Immediately, we're seated in a booth and someone is there to bring water and ask if we want tea.  Of course I want tea!  Now, I would really love some FLOWER tea, but I don't think they've served that for a while (if ever...), but I'm still hoping they'll have it one of these days!  Anyway, we ALWAYS start out with a big bowl of crab meat Fish-Maw soup!  So squishy and delicious!   It's savory and soft...perfect as it is, but I like to add the red vinegar and a little red pepper oil just to be like Emeril and kick it up ONE MORE NOTCH!!! Another old faithful dish is the Ma Po Tofu...I think they make one of the best!  It's spicy with big, soft chunks of tofu surrounded by pork, shitaki mushrooms, peas & carrots, and if you're lucky, you'll find some small chunks of fresh ginger!  You could also try the Chinese broccoli with oyster sauce!  I like veggies, so it's a winner in my book.  But I've found that they'll be willing to make stuff even if it's not on the menu...like Bok Choy with garlic.  Sometimes a hamster just gets a hankerin' for bok choy, you know?Looking for something sinfully delicious, ooey-gooey and/or fried?One word: Peking Spareribs.  Holy cow...er, pig!  OMG.  It's like a meat dessert!!!  Sweet, gooey, tangy red sauce covered, deep fried,  juicy pork pieces still attached to some bones.  *drool*  You can't go wrong with the salt and pepper squid, wor sue duck, or mu shu pork.  Normally, I'm not big on mu shu (Chinese burrito?), but the one at Canton Cooks is pretty good...and cheap!!!Hamster sayz: Solid 4 stars + 1 for late night and good location!Viva la Canton Cooks!!!
<review# 1576,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2009,5/13/2010,220,93,15,15,13>I know what you're thinking--it's been done, right?  Sure, but what I admire about Ann's is not just the mountain of a meat sandwich she serves up, it's the effect she has on her guests.See, Ms. Ann is of diminutive proportions, but can tame the biggest and baddest of her visitors.  With a sharp tongue and a stern look, no one crosses her.When I walked into the covered patio area, guests waiting for open bar stools were discussing procedure and the promise of a juicy monster of a burger that awaited them in a couple of hours.  Yes, that's right, Ms. Ann makes 'em wait for it.The magic was in the diverse mix of patrons.  To my right, three upwardly mobile corporate types, to my left a middle aged suited gentleman--across the bar two girls clad in Baby Phat stilettos complete with rhinestone-studded fingernails.  It was indeed a thing of beauty, everyone mingling and discussing how they first came to discover the infamous Ghetto Burger.When I think of the 'procedure,' I'm reminded of a particular scene from Seinfeld in which the Soup Nazi justifies his harsh treatment of his patrons:KRAMER: You suffer for your soup.SOUP NAZI: Yes. That is right.KRAMER: You demand perfection from yourself, from your soup.SOUP NAZI: How can I tolerate any less from my customers?As I left, I noticed prospective diners too shaken to just walk in.  It was another interesting socioeconomically diverse group of people who I doubt would ordinarily engage one another--they were all on the same footing....at Ann's mercy...gingerly approaching the screen door.So don't come in a hurry, and don't expect to be coddled.  You won't experience either.  Come for the people you might not normally interact with converging over a hell of a tasty burger.
<review# 1577,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/21/2010,5/11/2010,144,95,42,25,12>In my tantrum ("What do you MEAN you can't guarantee me an appointment with Marisa!?  She's been waxing me for MONTHS! We have a RELATIONSHIP!  Don't you understand, I don't want anyone there near my cuca but her!) over Sweet Samba's new booking policy- They book by time slot, not waxer, so they "will do their best" in terms of booking you with the person you want, but they "don't guarantee it"-  I came to Andreia's  in Buckhead.   Let me say:  I am used to spas with soft lighting, soothing music, vodka shots, TVs, et al.  So walking into Andreia's felt more like a place to get an abortion than a brazilian wax.  It was starkly flourescent, silent, and it felt  institutional.  And as I'm taking off my drawers I see a big, open trash can of used wax strips full of hair.  I don't get grossed out by stuff like that, but it was kinda grody.The actual wax, though, was so fast and so efficient that I didn't have time to dwell on it.  Seriously, fastest wax of my life.  And I, uh, usually need more time (and wax) than most girls.  *cough*And it was 42$ including tip.  I've never spent less than 80$.  So, yeah.  It was fine.
<review# 1578,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2010,5/10/2010,44,189,5,16,9>I love golden retrievers. I grew up with a very sweet one who died in 2005 and I missed having her around.My first experience with Adopt a Golden Atlanta was going to adoption day with a friend who ended up meeting the dog that day she would eventually adopt. I loved the experience at adoption day. So many cute dogs in one room. It made me miss my Chesnut a lot.A few months later I decided to become a foster. I am on my third dog now and have had a great experience. Given that I live in an apartment and am a student, I am not really at the point that I want a permanent dog to take care of financially. Fostering has been a great experience. All I really have to pay for is the food and I get a sweet dog to look after until they are adopted.Everyone I have dealt with who works for AGA has been extremely helpful and very dedicated to their work. Any questions I have had have been dealt with promptly and efficiently.AGA makes sure every dog is current on all their vaccinations and is spayed and or neutered. Every potential adopter is very aware of the dog they will be adopting and that honesty is essential in securing a permanent home for each dog.I love dogs and hate to see any dog without a home. If you love dogs and especially goldens, go to adoptagoldenatlanta.com and check out the current orphans.
<review# 1579,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2010,5/9/2010,97,42,6,10,8>Ahhh, Nick's.  This hole-in-the-wall will pull at your heartstrings and serves as a wonderful reminder of what a true family owned business is.  And the food, oh, the food.  I recently moved to Grant Park, which increased my proximity to this little gem... everyday on my way home I drive past, and the little blue and white building draws me in with the wonderful smell of roasting lamb, lemon pepper and garlic.The Gyros and Hummus are where its at.  They use a wonderfully fresh and fluffy pita thats brushed with garlic oil and toasted on a grill, the cucumber yogurt sauce serves as a wonderful counter-agent to the blast of fresh garlic and lemon pepper.  Go 'All-the-Way' and you wont forget it... add feta and you'll get weak in the knees.  Six kinds of meat to chooses from?  Oh yeah... but stick to the chargrilled chicken or lamb, which are clear winners.The Gyros are HUGE, but I can never seem to pass up the insane good deal of making it a 'plate' or 'combo'... I mean, Greak fries, Greek salad, gyro and a drink for $10?!  What?  yeah, thats right... let your inner recessionista sing and go for it.Nick and Mamma head up the joint... pay attention to the special board behind the counter, if it says hummus - get it.  If it says greek lasagna - get it.  If it says baklava - get it.  Get it?
<review# 1580,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2010,5/8/2010,89,423,2,7,6>Wow. Rosebud was everything I expected and so much more. I planned a recent UYE here. My focus for the event was wine, and when I saw that they paired their Monday Night Brunch menu with selected wines, I knew these guys had to be experts.I got many recommendations on what to order, but I wanted my meal to be EPIC. Like, the I-will-never-forget-this-meal kind of epic. And so, I ordered the Ultimate Pancake. It is essentially a pancake burrito stuffed with scrambled eggs, sausage, and bacon. As our server placed this beauty in front of me, I got a waft of the maple syrup and knew that I was in heaven.  It wasn't weird at all- the ingredients meshed together in perfect bliss. I also ordered grits, which were my favorite consistency- on the thick, coarse side. Beautifully done.A few of us shared a bottle of wine. They ran out of the one on the brunch menu to be paired with eggs, but they were very helpful with suggestions on what else I would like, and offered to charge us the same price as the one that I originally wanted.Speaking of service, WOW. I was actually really impressed all around. The restaurant itself was extremely accommodating and welcoming to our large group. Chef Ron came around once or twice to make sure we were all enjoying our meal. But our server- bless her heart. Our table must have ordered every version of cocktail on the brunch menu; and she somehow kept everything straight and checks separated. She also endured our long conversation of the worst service we've ever had at a restaurant, while she was milling around filling water glasses and cleaning off our table! She also took care of our checks separately without breaking a sweat. BRAVO!I also appreciated the ambiance. Very cozy. A great fine-dining feel, but with an intimate atmosphere. Perfect place for a date or to take relatives. A place has to be spot-on awesome for me to want to return back. There are too many great places to try in Atlanta to visit one place multiple times. But Rosebud: you've stolen my heart. I will now be dragging everyone I know here to experience your delight-fullness.
<review# 1581,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2010,5/7/2010,151,479,9,7,10>For less than the price of a drink at Blake's, you get a hunk of sausage that would make you the envy of most folks there.Mine was loaded up with standard ketchup and mustard,  basic kraut, and other yums.  The beef sausage was firm, thick, and spread its juices with a little attention.  Arriving just at noon, there was no wait.I'm glad there's a hot dog stand near the IPDPS conference.  Wish there were one near Tech...The only drawback is dealing with people who don't know how to walk in public.  This seems to be a country-wide epidemic.  When walking, the following events imply *NOT STOPPING IMMEDIATELY*: stepping onto a curb, entering a door, stepping off an escalator or staircase, feeling your phone ring, seeing serious beef slinging...(I'm reserving another star for the future.)
<review# 1582,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2009,5/6/2010,52,21,4,14,13>I'm a Yelper who would rather save my calories for snacks dipped in breading, fried in lard, and covered with garlic and salt.  My boyfriend, however, has the sweet tooth of a five year old and convinced me one night  to try out Yogurberry in Buckhead.  Yogurberry is a yogurt shop that originated in Korea (go Korea!!) and now has a growing presence in the US.  The one and only Atlanta location is in the Terminus building, right at the corner of Piedmont and Peachtree --  you can't see the shop from the road but drive into the round-about and the valet will park you for free.  There's also free parking in the parking garage.I was half asleep when we arrived at Yogurberry, having come from a 10 course banquet on Buford Highway.   I asked my BF to just go in without me and get his sugar fix while I dozed in the car.  Within minutes I saw my BF walk out with Yogurberry manager, Brian Hah, who wanted to meet me personally and offer me a free yogurt, a smoothie, chai tea perhaps?  Who offers free anything nowadays, even with the bonus of having the "Asian connection" going?  I politely declined but was warmed by Brian's passion for his product and awesome customer service.  Once we drove off I  took a spoonful of my BF's taro yogurt with fresh strawberries and blueberries.  Two words: damn good.  And I thought it tasted even better when I later found out that Yogurberry yogurt has only 25 calories an ounce and contains that bifidus lacotobacillus thing that you hear is good for your digestion.  Within a week I wanted to go back to have my own cup of yogurt, and tried their Original Tart yogurt with cracklin oat bran, heath bar, strawberries, and fruity pebbles (maybe it exceeded 25 calories, but hopefully that bifidus business sped up the caloric digestion).  Brian Hah enthusiastically helped with topping choices, and he didn't lead me astray because the sweet and sour concoction was perfectly delicious.  And again, he insisted we get something on the house -- their specialty Chai Tea, which tasted homemade (just like everything else in their store) and so much better than the Chai Tea I've had at Starbuck's, yuck.I believe they usually have 3 to 4 yogurt flavors going at any one time, but I've been told that some of their regular flavors include Original Tart, Green Tea, Taro, Raspberry, Strawberry, Mango, Georgia Peach, Blueberry, Green Apple, Passion Fruit, Melon, Pomegranate, Coconut, German Chocolate, Chocolate Mocha and Coffee.With summer quickly approaching, Yogurberry will definitely become a regular pit stop for me.  Now if they'd only think up a bacon yogurt flavor, that would turn my five stars to six stars.
<review# 1583,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2010,5/5/2010,213,662,12,7,9>Once I ordered a large pizza from Rosa's before a Radiohead concert, carrying it all the way from my office to my parking garage, about a quarter-mile away. The scent of charred crust, wilting spinach and olives wafted from the box, catching the attention of many panhandlers."Gimme somma that pizza!""You gon' gimme a quarter or a slice-a yo' pizza?""Pizza!""PIZZAAAAAAA!"I was almost as excited about trying the strong-smelling pie as I was to reach the safety of my car. More than the quality and taste of the pizza, I remember the friendly staff. I came to the store cashless, after placing an order via phone, unaware that Rosa's doesn't accept cards. The woman at the counter allowed me to go ahead and take the food, paying for it the next morning. A recent reason why I've grown to adore Rosa's is the Italian ice. For $2.25, patrons receive a large cup of mango, cherry or rainbow refreshing goodness--half the price of smaller, heavier froyo portions down the street. I'm a huge fan of the mango flavor, while I wince at the rocket pop-like rainbow. Plus, the ice doesn't emit a strong odor, causing downtown's "disadvantaged population" to supplicate for a bite.
<review# 1584,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/13/2009,5/3/2010,1969,871,10,12,10>You must visit this restaurant, it's an institution in ATL! Been here forever and is the closet you'll get to traditional Southern Style cookin. Major throwback. Food was heavy, home style,delicious! Fried Chicken, Chicken Fried Chicken and Chicken Fried Steak. sides: Navy Beans, green Beans, Sweet Potato Mash, Collard Greens, Baked Potato, Creamed Corn, all slathered in a Pepper Gravy, good stuff!The service is old style as well, timely, helpful and fast! Prices we appropriate.The decor needs a serious update, the clientele is very old, so going to the bathroom can be an experience, leaving the parking lot can be dangerous, you could seriously get run over by senior citizen on wheels. They do not take credit cards!
<review# 1585,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2010,5/2/2010,86,443,3,4,3>Atlanta has been lacking for proper representation of central and eastern European eateries for a while. If it's east of Greece, we're in pretty good shape, but north and west leaves me wanting more. This place helps to fill that hole nicely.Drop by the website and check out the daily specials before going. Expect them to be out of some things. On the other side of that, also expect what they do have to scratch the itch for Polish food.I went with a large group and we got several things to share. I found the red sauerkraut salad to be delightfully flavorful. (Was that cumin in there? I've never paired them before but it was marvelous!) The white sauerkraut salad was tangy, the beet soup was flavorful, the pierogies were dense, the stuffed dumplings different and yet similar to the dumplings I've grown up with, and the sausage savory. I missed trying the stuffed cabbage, which I only regret that I will have to return for. Oh the horror. I will manage somehow. My minced pork wrapped in pancakes was everything I didn't know I needed from here.I also tried a Polish beer which had a hint of sweetness. I am intrigued and look forward to them getting more kegs from their distributor. Bottles are fine, but kegs are divine.
<review# 1586,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2009,5/1/2010,122,348,3,4,3>I wasn't expecting to like Maddio's. After all, I hated Mama Fu's. But I was pleasantly surprised!I like the options of "building your own pizza"....you can choose from regular or whole wheat crust, and there a ton of toppings to add on. And one of the sauce choices was buttermilk ranch! I love anything dipped in ranch, so this was a plus!The pizza turned out really good and was cheap, too!A definite new stop in the lunch rotation or the  "I'm broke" rotation...
<review# 1587,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2010,4/29/2010,777,438,7,9,5>This place has the best sweet potato fries EVER. I like my fries in all shapes and sizes and flavoring but hot damn! these fries totally titillated my tastebuds! I never thought I could get so excited over sweet potato fries. They're not greasy and has the perfect crunchiness. I literally want to come back and stuff my face with them. Their bison burger is pretty tasty too! Their menu selection is pretty varied from appetizers to sandwiches. They in particular have lots of burger options, which you can sub for veggie, chicken, turkey, or bison as well. The decor is pretty cool; you know, the usual hanging motorcycles, street lamps, crushed license plates. Some of the stuff isn't so g-rated, so parents beware. I saw vintage boobies on the wall...I'm definitely a fan of this place for their good quality food, good service, and great atmosphere! Expect a wait on the weekends, bc Little Five Pts is freaking crowded then. However, this location is pretty awesome for people watching, street magician, solicitations from scientologists, etc. So walk around and explore if your wait is long.
<review# 1588,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/23/2009,4/28/2010,209,595,8,4,3>Sad news- this joint is just around the corner- when I say just, I mean the next street over- and I have only been here one time. AND that one time was a blind date so I didn't want to go all out and order multiple things:( So sad, as was the date. Despite the date sucking ass, it wasn't the restaurants fault. I sat at the bar for a short while before my date arrived and the bartender was very attentive. Beer selection is okay, but the tequila selection looked pretty durn good. I saw a pomegranate margarita that I really wanted, but forgot about during the evening. I made a promise to myself that I will go back to sample that deliciously beautiful drink. The salsa and chips were tasty and fresh as was my entree- tuna sashimi with some super crunchtastic spears of asparagus. I could have bathed in the mashed potatoes- they were that good. Then again who fucks up mashed potatoes??? I mean really? The server was great and catered to our every need, except making my date pay the bill in a timely manner- dude held on to it for 45 minutes before I finally could convince him that the restaurant was looking barren and it was time to go. I know I am an excellent conversationalist, but really (haha, just kidding).  The night ended not with some dessert, which is what I would have preferred, but with my blind date trying to hold my hand at the dinner table and me jerking my hand away (hello- hug on the first date, no grimy hand holding). Maybe I'm a cold bitch or maybe I just really needed some more of the fresh southwestern food that Agave has to offer. Agave, I will be back!
<review# 1589,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2009,4/27/2010,216,382,3,6,3>I went here for the first time tonight. After reading all the reviews, I am SO glad we had a 7:00 reservation for our 8-person party. We were seated right away and our service was fast and there were not very many people in here.  If its Saturday night and you go here without a reservation, just walk out and go to the Krystal down the street, because you're waiting over an hour anywhere in Buckhead that doesn't have a drive-thru.That aside, after learning you can get 1/2 price hookahs before 7:30, we got two for our party. That was more than enough. We got two flavored tobaccos and all passed the pipes around. It was still going after we got our food and finished it!My wife and I decided instead of entrees we'd get several appetizers so we got to sample a lot of different things. A very good call, I must say. While our friends' entrees did look delicious, I'm glad we decided to get the small plates, so many more flavors to try. The black bean hummus is AMAZING. The stuffed grape leaves are delicious and I really enjoyed the marinated goat cheese as well. The server was trying really hard to sell the pomegranite martinis, but since I'm a cheapskate who doesn't want to spend $10 on a drink, I did not get one. In all, my wife and I ordered a half-dozen appetizers, so were too stuffed at the end to think about dessert, though the choices sounded amazing.But, if you go here, DO get a hookah. Even if you are absolutely repulsed by cigarette or cigar smoke, this is nothing like that. Also keep in mind according to the menu, the restaurant requires each person have a $15 food/drink tab to smoke a hookah.We enjoyed this place a lot and can't wait to return.
<review# 1590,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2010,4/26/2010,34,78,2,6,3>Likely one of the best dive bars in Atlanta. It has all the qualities a good dive bar should: 1) Cheap PBR, tall boys 2) Live music 3) Cool laid back non-pretentious crowd 4) Bartenders that can blow fire out of their mouths Parking can sometimes be a pain, but mostly due to Compound reopening. Otherwise, always a great place to end the night.
<review# 1591,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2010,4/25/2010,64,208,2,4,4>After dinner at Ching Mei, I walked over the KP to check their selection of Shiseido products. I remembered Addy C's review of this place so I wanted to check it out. They have the full facial line of all the Shiseido products. The sales lady was helpful and she spoke English so I could tell her what I needed. She also recommended other products that would be better for me. The prices are same as the department stores, but I received a "bonus" bag with a 3 different travel samples of a different product that the sales woman thought would be better for summer skin.
<review# 1592,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2009,4/24/2010,223,140,3,8,7>::Raising hands:: Imagine James Earl Jones reciting the following line"Alcohol lovers unite, you have found your paradise. Rejoice!"::Horns blaring::Their name is all encompassing, yet a bit of a misnomer. Although yes, they have an inordinate amount of wine, they also sell beer, liquor, 40's....you know what I mean. They took over the space that was once occupied by CompUSA near Perimeter Mall. Let me tell you, this is a far better usage of the space. A little overwhelming when you first walk in because who expects a supermarket for just booze, right? This is the stuff of fantasy. I first notice all of these people wearing one-eared headphones, they're there to help you with your booze purchases. Lovely. I pretty much know what I want so I go and get them. Then I remember that there is this malbec I've been trying to find, curiously enough they don't have it in stock, although they have several wonderful alternatives.Their prices are very good, obviously bulk purchasing is their forte and the masses are responding in kind. Parking and driving over in this part of the lot can get a bit sketchy as it's oddly set. When it gets crowded, especially on the weekends, be aware of this.Ok....this place does not sell hard liquor anymore...unfortunately.
<review# 1593,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2009,4/22/2010,193,304,2,8,7>the-already-gigantic-menu-that-this-place-opened-with-was-updated-and-upgraded-less-than-2-months-after-opening-sure-the-price-immediately-went-up-and-conjured-eyebrow-raising-but-the-selections-of-both-food-and-drinks-are-now-absolutely-breath-stopping-ive-been-to-this-place-more-than-a-dozen-times-now-and-the-most-recent-visit-a-43-dish-extravaganza-with-5-other-gluttons-is-everything-amazing-no-no-no-among-all-the-izakaya-fares-i-would-order-about-30-dishes-are-amazing-50-are-fine-20-dishes-are-okay-all-sushisashimi-are-mediocre-and-i-rarely-order-those-many-dishes-you-simply-cannot-get-anywhere-else-and-if-you-could-certainly-not-all-at-the-same-time-everything-is-still-a-great-deal-atmosphere-is-quite-decent-the-wait-on-weekend-dinner-is-out-of-control-without-going-into-excessive-details-about-every-dish-id-say-in-addition-to-items-i-praised-in-my-previous-review-try-the-gindara-chicken-karage-cod-liver-chanja-tan-tan-noodles-hiyashi-chuka-summer-cold-noodles-grilled-oysters-and-check-the-daily-specials-order-hearty-dishes-osaka-style-and-drink-as-much-as-you-eat-come-with-open-minded-friends-and-share-everything-this-is-the-one-place-in-atlanta-in-which-you-can-truly-savor-a-bout-of-kuidaore-enwikipediaorgwikido-wait-no-longer-you-those-that-havent-been-here
<review# 1594,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2010,4/21/2010,354,392,3,10,8>Oh.  My.  God.  What is wrong with me?  How have I lived here thirteen years and haven't stepped foot in this store?  This is my new grocery store, I've already been twice this week.Here are some examples of the yums we've gotten here- potato and pea samosas ($6/24!), chapati, Vindaloo paste, paratha, Tandoori paste, mathia, naan, and a bunch of different chutneys.They also sell thali containers, beauty supplies, religious items, just a load of stuff.  But walking in is weird, there is no decor, no music, and so far I've been the only person in the store besides the elderly gent behind the counter.  If you want to make your own Indian food, this is your spot.
<review# 1595,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/15/2009,4/20/2010,245,510,16,9,3>This is really a 4 star joint, rounded down because of abracadabra pricing and boxed rice. Food here is good, pricing is weak. There is something about someone looking at you for a few seconds while going 'ahhhh' before blurting out a price. $13 for you! Coke, no Pepsi! Weak. Weak. Weak. The Kebabs are good, meats are cooked perfectly with good spice, the pita has nice chew, but the rice seems straight outta Rice-A-Roni (the Atlanta treat). $13 for this type of meal lightens the wallet too much for my taste for a quick lunch. Especially when the price is made up on the spot. I like Al, a good personality, but that doesn't make up for everything. Oh, don't forget your "free" dessert (of course just built into the mysterious pricing). Parking is a bitch, good luck.
<review# 1596,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2010,4/17/2010,120,167,5,5,4>Sure, it's a food court, and it's Tex-Mex in Atlanta.  Keep your expectations low.  But I am a fan of the chicken burrito, and have it for lunch probably once a week.  The chicken is never ever dry, and I am pretty darn sure that they use jasmine rice.  Theoretically, this is wrong, but the reality is that it is so so good.  All of the workers have a smile on their face and are very efficient.  This is quite an accomplishment considering the number of jackals they have to serve over a lunch hour.The only thing they do wrong here is put the queso on top of the nacho toppings.  That's not right!  Luckily, they humor my requests to put the queso directly on the corn chips, and then all is right with the universe.The soda is indeed overpriced, but they always have cups of ice water ready to go, and water is my favorite non-alcoholic beverage, so it's all good.  (Okay, the styrofoam cups are the other thing they get wrong.)
<review# 1597,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/11/2010,4/16/2010,14,95,3,7,4>About a year ago I would have gladly given 5 stars for this place.  It was pay day tradition at work to pick up BBQ for take out and this was our place. We stopped about a 5 months ago because the woman that worked the bar and takeout was a nightmare.  We heard she was gone and have been creeping in for sit down lunches a few times since we got the good news but the rest of the servers have been....well...ummmm...bitchy.I can't complain about the food.  Yes, there is better BBQ in Atlanta but not many that do Alabama style.  You'll leave with a full stomach.  I think the smoked sausage is AWESOME! After another crap server today I did give management a heads up that we weren't coming in as often because of service issues and commented that he wish he would have known earlier.  Maybe some changes will be made and I can give them two stars back.
<review# 1598,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2010,4/15/2010,216,468,11,11,9>Damn you Zack E and your sweet tooth!! I was a captive audience, having bummed a ride from Zack after a dork-ish "lock the key in the car" moment on a Saturday afternoon, and we decided to stop in at The Cookie Studio at nearly their closing time, just before 5 pm. Luckily, they were still cranking out fresh items, preparing for a private event, and we were able to load up on a few items. On my list:Cookies:Toffee pecan cookieBlueberry granola cookieMini-cupcakes:Red velvetLemons pound cakeCarrot cream cheeseChocolate Insulin:Numerous doses. (grin)I took the cupcakes to a friend's place after and four of us shared them, each taking a section. All were a hit, moist, delicious, and a nice small size.The cookies I devoured on my own time -- no one was getting any of those but me! The granola blueberry was my favorite.While in the store, the owner offered us a free sample from a batch of "beer brownies" she had made for an event. You could totally smell the scent of beer emanating from them -- what an interesting idea! The brownies were super rich, almost like fudge. I was able to handle a bite or two, but that's about all I could take. Zack, of course, devoured his and was good to go. See, I told you he had a sweet tooth!!PS: Prepare your wallet for a shock. Two cookies and four mini-cupcakes set me back about 8 bucks.
<review# 1599,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2009,4/14/2010,140,143,3,7,6>Lalala - 100!So, for my birthday this year, I decided I wanted nothing more than to run around like a kid, get all sweaty, and end up with dirt streaks on my face.  Where to do this close to Atlanta?  Stone Mountain Park for ADVENTURE DAY!!I checked out the website early, bought my all-day adventure pass at Kroger for the $5 discount, packed a cooler, slathered on the sunscreen and took off with one of my besties Alex to explore every corner of Stone Mountain.  I know, I know, it's a round rock and they tend to not have corners, but a theme park does!Sky Hike was awesome!  I was a little scared at first and chickened out on the top level.  Once we went down to the second level, I was fine.  Swinging on ropes, balancing on beams, and, unfortunately, getting really nasty blisters - ouch!  We went through all three levels - Alex wanted it to be harder, but I thought it was just fine considering how many kids and um, how do I put this, large, people there were on the courses.  Be prepared to wait in line to get up there, and be prepared to wait once you get up there because people move at their own pace.We wandered around the park a bit, checked out some of the shops, and then meandered over to the Marina where we took the 20 minute paddlewheel boat tour around Lake Stone Mountain.  It was fine, but I pretty much inhaled diesel fumes the whole time.  After that, we moved on the the pedal boats!  That was totally worth it.  Even though our rudder was all jacked up, we had a blast!  Totally going to get me one of those.We ended our day with the gondola ride up to the top of the mountain.  Beautiful view and a nice cool breeze.  We scampered out of there before the laser show in order to beat traffic - hideous on a Saturday!All in all, I think it was a perfect adventure day.  Oh-$10 for parking.  I'm totally going again, on a week day, for the laser show.
<review# 1600,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2009,4/12/2010,145,240,7,4,5>Tasty China FTW! ZOMG! Just got totally PWNed by this pork belly dish on their Sechuan lunch menu. I'm still sweatin'. NOOB! LOLZ!
<review# 1601,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2010,4/11/2010,161,173,3,2,2>it had been quite a while since I'd darkened the door of this Atlanta institution. Luckily, I know the routine. Make a reservation and then prepare to wait an hour after that. I went with the Get Delicious supper club. And there are a few of us. We all made separate reservations to simplify things. it worked out well.  I understand that standing in the crowded bar area while the tempting aromas waft around , could make one crazy with anticipation.  But come on, Atlantan's love to wait around to be fed. I adore the atmosphere, the waitstaff and the food.  I will concede to the fact that some of the entrees seem a bit overpriced. But, everything I have ever had is amazingly good. It evens out. I love the pickled veggie starter. And OMG the bread. I rubbed some on my wrist so that I could enjoy the smell later. I had a half order of the Ravioli Pomodoro which is ravioli filled with  goat cheese, dill, herbs, cooked in fresh chopped tomatoes, artichokes, garlic and basil. It was AMAZING.  Filling, but not too heavy and tasty as hell. My companions had the Linguine with clams, Eggplant Parmesan and the Lasagna. Everyone was thrilled with their choices. The portions are pretty large and I like to save room for dessert. Luckily they offer half portions. How thoughtful. I had the cannoli and Ms.M the tiramisu. Mine was a bit disappointing. It was only filled at the ends. My plate was covered in the intended pastry innerds. It was good but way too runny. I can't speak on the tiramisu, I just am not a fan. Malia cleaned her plate ,so I'd bet it was good. My companions also enjoy their wine selections. I also don't drink wine. But, next time I'll skip dessert and try the booze. Good times were had by all. Definitely a fine place for a date. Dimly lit and cozy. I recommend that you take the wait time to drink and chat at the bar.  Relax, dining like this is a rarity that you should savor and enjoy.
<review# 1602,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2009,4/10/2010,97,96,7,7,6>i love you, r. thomas and i have for a long time.  the burger here is great, so get it if you're feeling meaty.  Also, the magic stuffed baked potato is sinfully bad for your hips and good for your hangover.  If you're anything like me, sometimes you need to detox from all the burgers, potatoes, and hangovers - for this i highly recommend the raw platter.  they get so many different textures and flavors going that you don't even have time to miss the sizzle.  raw cashew cheese is better than the sunflower seed pate, but i wouldn't kick either out of bed for eating crackers.  i admit, i would only give this place four stars if not for the fact that james w. is a server here.  ask for him - not only is he super cute but he really knows how to take care of a lady.  hahahahaha
<review# 1603,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/17/2010,4/9/2010,129,504,4,6,4>Oh my - I feel peer pressure to cave and give a higher ranking, but can't.We went right after the Yelp event and it was POURING rain - again, scooping up my dainty wife so as for her to not get her delicate little high heels wet, I ran under the overhang drenched and carrying her.We had reservations for 8:30 and got there about 2 minutes past that; our guests were already waiting in the packed, cattle-call like bar.We checked in and waited.And waited.And waited.At about 10 till, I went and followed up - lo and behold, who did I find?  One of my buddies that used to work at Shaun's!  Okay, re-fill the patience tank.At 9, I look at the bar and, shoot!, there's another Shaun's alumnus!  We got a drink and settled in to wait some more.It had to have been around 9:15 when we got seated.Walking into the dining room, we were greeted by a wave of warm, moist, HUMAN air - there were a lot of people there and they were doing their part to open JCT's own ozone hole right there.Anyway, the food: it was fine.  I got the signature fried chicken and mac and cheese.  It was fine - not great, just fine.We got a nice bottle of Spanish tempranillo that was truly excellent and for a pretty good price.Everyone else liked their food.I'll come back (particularly with my two buddies there), but I kind of am expecting more.
<review# 1604,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2010,4/8/2010,1772,1772,4,9,6>This might be my favorite Thai restaurant in Atlanta, definitely one of the ones I eat at the most.  King & I is sort of hidden in a back corner of Ansley Mall next to some... interesting shops.  The atmosphere is laid back and the service is excellent.  One time, a buddy of mine was taking his first sip out of a glass of water and before he set the glass back down on the table, the waitress grabbed it for him to top it off.  That's service above and beyond right there.  The owner is very nice.  Prices of the meals are quite reasonable and I've never had a bad item on the menu here.  Whenever my friends or out-of-town guests have a hankering for Thai, I usually take them here (or Thaicoon off Briarcliff).  Be sure to get the masaman catfish, one of my favorites.
<review# 1605,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2009,4/7/2010,94,110,7,8,10>This is my new favorite indulgence, and I am even able to convince myself that it is sort-of healthy.  Nonfat or lowfat yogurt, filled with probiotics for a healthy digestive system, and a little added protein for my vegetarian diet.  And when I'm good and add fresh fruit, aside from the sugar content, I am enjoying a fairly good-for-me treat.I've been here 3 times already and the Pistachio is hands-down my absolute fave.  I like to add the waffle cone pieces and strawberries.  Yum.  But when I'm in a more junk-food mood, I get the Cake Batter, with a lil Cookies'n'Cream, and load it up with crushed candy bars and sprinkles.  Woohoo!  A bit less awful for ya than Cold Stone, but still sweet and sugary enough to let you know you're being bad.  Mmmm.I do wish they would leave out sample cups and little spoons, because I have to try before I buy.  So I keep squirting little bits into my self-serve bucket and using my finger to sample the flavors.  Sticky and gross, I know.  But I'm still a 4-year-old on the inside.
<review# 1606,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2010,4/6/2010,474,1389,,8,6>After hearing about this place for so long, but being somewhat hesitant to venture to anywhere on Buford Highway without my Yelp experts, Alain and Zack finally gave me a great opportunity to try it out.With lots of advice, I ordered the spring rolls with shrimp, and the grape-leaf wrapped duck bun.  Emily and Leah were also nice enough to share some of their green papaya salad.  Maybe it was because it was so late or because there's no flavor I love more in meat than grilled smokiness, but everything was absolutely scrumptious.  Having charcoal-grilled shrimp in a spring roll kicks the flavor up a huge step.  I'm honestly not sure I'll be able to eat them the regular way now.  The papaya salad was so fresh, and fresh really is the best word because it's the only word that encompasses all the sensory inputs that this dish delivers in texture, flavor, and healthiness.  And then there was the smoky duck.  I'm not a huge fan of dolmades, which is what popped into my head when I read grape leave wrapped, but this was nothing like this.  The smokiness of the meat was perfect. The textures of the rice vermicelli with julienne vegetables was the perfect compliment, and once I doused the whole thing with the chili sauce, it made for a filling dish that didn't leave me filled with guilt.   The place is small in a very cozy way.  They weren't really sure how to handle our large group, so it took a while to get situated, but it once settled, the service was good.  They brought us tiny chocolate mocha cake bites - just a little something sweet to balance all the smoke and spice.  They easily separated our checks at the register.Now that this is so much closer to our new place, and that I've had the experts show me the ropes, I'm very much looking forward to taking Jimmy and becoming a regular.
<review# 1607,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2010,4/5/2010,97,124,4,6,10>SUNDAY BRUNCH!!!!!Ok, that was a little excitable, but I really love this place on Sundays, the only days I've ever been (when I either go to early service or um....skip church, so sad). This past Sunday was a skip day. Anywho... I met up with one of my co-workers to get some advice on a trip I'm planning - how that has anything to do with the review, you'll see. Of course the wait was about 30min and the place was packed as usual. But the time went by pretty quick as people know not to "post up" at a table for hours after eating. You know the deal, eat your homemade muffins and biscuits (soundbite: "homer simpson drooling"), the awesome mimosas, after 12:30p of course in the Bible belt, and the sunrise frittata and grits - I can't believe ate the whole thing....almost ;-) The waitress was great - while me and my friend were looking over the map of Italy, the waitress chimed in to provide a couple of her fave spots in Southern Italy. And with each refill/check up on our table, she'd throw in a little story of her Italian escapades. It was entertaining on the verge of annoying but the mimosa helped me just grin and bear it. Make sure to check it out!!
<review# 1608,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2010,4/3/2010,98,509,4,10,6>Every place in Atlanta that is thinking about having an open bar on New Year's Eve should take a lesson from Cypress St.1. Don't oversell the event so that "Open Bar" turns into "An open bar only after waiting in line for an hour".2. Have servers that know exactly when Open Bar starts and ends, and understands some of your friends are cheap asses what will wait until open bar to order anything.3. Actually HAVE SERVERS that will take your order so you don't even have to go to the bar to get a drink! First time I've ever seen that.4. Pour good strong drinks so you don't have to order 3 every time to make the open bar worth it.5. Don't make the open bar tickets super expensive. Cypress St. had open bar for an hour for only $10. Best deal for NYE in Atlanta!Huge kudos to the staff and management at Cypress St. for throwing a perfect neighborly NYE party!
<review# 1609,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2010,4/2/2010,46,137,3,7,4>Had the best time, best service, and best pillows ever.  =)We went here for our anniversary - a nice staycation - and we didn't want to leave.Dear Palomar staff, keep doing what you do.  But you could amp up the front desk staff from 4 - 5 on Friday cause whoa was there a huge line behind me by the time I was checking in.Became a Kimpton In-Touch Member and got a free $10 credit for the mini bar.  Plus free in room wifi for In-Touch Members (free to be a member, stupid not to).  We plan to always try to stay at a Kimpton!
<review# 1610,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2009,4/1/2010,196,217,1,9,9>What a charming restaurant with an exceptionally delightful patio! This is my new favorite al fresco dining choice for a full sit down dinner vs. just drinks and nibbles after work. Visited Portofino last night on a first date and we were here for almost 4 hours just enjoying the meal and the great conversation and the beautiful non-humid mild September evening. :-)I started with a glass of Prosecco, but I should have ordered the Gruet Blanc de Noirs sparkling from New Mexico (an absolute fave of mine and an incredible value for the caliber of bubbly) which was also featured by the glass as the Prosecco was perfectly OK but nothing special. Our server was incredibly gracious throughout the night: first and foremost for not rushing us to leave despite our extended dinner and secondly for offering my date a taste of several different wines we weren't familiar with so he could choose wisely. Very thoughtful gesture!We started with the fried artichoke hearts, just lightly battered and flash fried until beautifully crispy. These were supposed to be served with a tarragon aioli, but instead were served with a remoulade (which was more my taste anyway). An ample portion for two. Yum!My date also ordered the saffron risotto as he had tried this before and remembered enjoying it. I can see why! Even though I am neither a shrimp fan (and this dish is studded with baby shrimp) nor an avowed saffron aficionado, I ended up loving the taste of this appetizer sized first plate. The risotto was cooked perfectly and seasoned well with a mixture of spices and sweet onion pieces and overall it was very well balanced, a memorable dish. For our entrees, I tried the chicken piccatta after two employees strongly recommended it and it was a delicious rendition of this standby classic. He tried the nightly beef special which was a braised beef dish with vegetables and polenta chunks in the sauce- kind of like an Italian version of pot roast. It was tender and tasty.  Dessert was the mini warm chocolate cake with a scoop of housemade mint chocolate chip gelato for me and a fantastic peach and blackberry crisp with vanilla gelato for my date. His was definitely the better choice as it was like the flavors of summer in a bowl!
<review# 1611,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2009,3/31/2010,343,405,6,10,8>After walking around Piedmont Park, Leslie and I decided to check out Noon for a quick breakfast.  I've been meaning to check this place out for awhile now and I'm very happy to find a really good breakfast place near where I live in Midtown.First things first...the main reason to come here are the BISCUITS!  The biscuits are huge and have the nice crispy outside and soft hot chewy butter goodness that you would expect in a biscuit.  I ordered a bacon, egg and cheese biscuit and it was one of the best I have ever had.  Leslie got a sausage biscuit but also ordered a side of their preserves.  The preserves can only be described as UH-MAZING and I could really use the preserves as a condiment and add it to everything I eat...it's THAT good!  I also got a side of fruit that was dressed in mint and honey, which was a nice touch.Staff is really nice and helpful and everything is so clean!  Definitely need to starve myself for a few days to try their signature breakfast sandwich that has an egg, bacon, cheese, fried chicken and sausage gravy all smacked in-between one of those fantastic biscuits!  Yum!
<review# 1612,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2010,3/30/2010,35,40,8,4,4>When a woman's craving and laziness kick in, her significant other will suffer.  Nah, I just made my loving husband go to JR to get me their tender juicy ribs, that's all.Well, I devoured that 5 pieces of ribs down to their bare bone in 5 minutes (no joke, really bare bone, perhaps I should've taken pictures to prove it, LOL) and yet I still wanted more!That's what I called St. Louis Ribs! YUMMMMMMO!
<review# 1613,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2010,3/29/2010,131,65,8,10,5>Grabbed a quick bite and a drink here and was pleasantly surprised with the place. I admit I had preconceived notions considering the neighborhood (most spots on opposite corners of the street are empty except for the drug dealers on one corner... and we saw a drug buy go down on our way from the place... yeah, gritty neighborhood). Then I developed other preconceived notions when I was told it was part of an Atlanta chain. But my short visit undermined those notions from the first couple minutes in the door. As Gretchen O. stated, the decor is industrial and a little edgy but it is softened with cool, dim lighting drawing attention to the bar. The bar seemed to be well-stocked and had a good selection of beer on tap (I went with my usual Yeungling). My date considered wine but decided against it since we figured most patrons did not seem to be the wine types and we were unsure of the quality. The menu offerings are mostly bar fare but with a slightly upscale touch. I was tempted by the black and blue burger but considering the late hour I went with a slightly less heavy option, the reuben while my date ordered some sorta goat cheese and spinach slider something or other (hell, sometimes I can't even remember what I order). Both were tasty and gone in just a few minutes but admittedly not complicated items. I didn't check out the upstairs (I understand there are pool tables) but I could hear people up there. However, the sound was not at all invasive and even somewhat inviting. Oh, And Kathleen M. is right, the staff here are hot! (well, our tatted brunette waitress was anyway and I just saw that their website claimed that their bartender Jason made the 2010 Lust List whatever that is).I look forward to visiting this Corner Tavern again. If I lived in the area, I think this would be a regular casual spot for me. And if you find yourself in Old 4th Ward (like on the way to your drug buy), give this place a try. I really doubt you will be disappointed.
<review# 1614,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2009,3/28/2010,458,1067,4,6,8>NPWH = Nice People Work HereEven though yesterday was my first visit here, I feel like I am very familiar with their services because it seems like their arrangements are everywhere. Well, "everywhere" as in all high class places and events (i.e. The Four Seasons, Nickiemoto's, Blue MedSpa, and The Big Gay Supper Club... just to name a few).Anyway, I came here to buy a small bouquet for Kathleen M. to thank her for being so awesome.  I wasn't sure what I wanted, but I knew if I came here it would be cute. I decided on some assorted daisies, paid, and then planned to return later to pick them up (by the way, they probably could have gotten everything ready while I was there, but I had some more errands and didn't want the flowers to dry out).Of course I was running behind schedule and actually didn't make it back before they closed.  I called to let them know what was going on and John graciously gave me his cell phone number to call in case I arrived after the staff left.  Sure enough everyone was gone when I got there. Never fear because John came to the rescue and I was able to scoot right over to "Ain't Nothin' But a Yelp Thang" with my gift in hand.
<review# 1615,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2009,3/27/2010,705,321,19,14,17>These doughnuts almost seem like they'd be more at home in a boutique style storefront, so it's a little odd to find them in a little strip mall.... but the product speaks for itself! I never eat donuts, and these were... as the name says... sublime! An impressive array of flavors, these donuts are more like individual cakes and pies then anything else! I had a sugar buzz... wait... no... I mean, I had a smore flavored doughnut with a lightly toasted marshmallow in the center with a CoRnHoLio! Whoa... um... what? Excuse me... what I meant to say was that FIRE! FIRE! Heh... DaNger! DanGer! High VolTaGe! WheN wE Kiss WhEn We Touch! Sugar Overload! Sugar Over... um... over... lo... So sleepy.... Zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz....
<review# 1616,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2009,3/25/2010,43,102,2,4,4>I went to Mykonos Taverna last week for lunch with a few friends. We were all trying it for the first time and were very excited. The staff greeted us at the door and were quite nice if not slightly overly excited we were there. Now to be clear, the place was rockin packed for lunch so it wasn't like it was empty and we were the first people to arrive. Their exuberance is not a mark against them... just a little pleasantly strange. We arrived at our table and our uber nice server took our drink orders. He too was almost over the top attentive but in this day and age who is going to complain about that? We ordered the grilled octopus, calamari and shrimp appetizer to share and were all in awe at its smoky grilled goodness. My mouth waters when I think about it and there is a very good chance that I will order it as an entree next time. Yep, it was that good. I ordered the lamb gyro which is called something else and instead of the fries I had the baked okra on the side. I am avoiding bread these days so I ate the guts of my gyro with gusto. The meat was delicious and so was the okra but the goodness of our appetizer overpowered that of my entrees so it was a little anticlimactic but still really good. I do think the menu is a bit overpriced...at least for a place I plan to frequent as a lunch spot. Most entrees were around $10+ except the gyros which were about $8 but if you want a real vegetable instead of fries you have to pay for it as a side. So, they could really use an affordable lunch menu offering slightly smaller portions of their most popular items. Until they add a lunch menu I will only be able to go back infrequently as I am not made of the green stuff. I do sincerely hope they add one though so I can enjoy their food and overall niceness on a more frequent basis.
<review# 1617,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2009,3/24/2010,158,678,6,28,11>Wanting to take the plunge and get a tattoo is a pretty big deal. Well, assuming you don't want a run-of-the-mill tattoo that everyone and their mother has. With ideas and sketches on multiple sheets of paper, I was unsure where to go. Research scared me, so finally I went with someone to Memorial Tattoo to watch them work. I immediately loved the atmosphere of this location. An older home turned haven for skin art, friendly artists providing plenty of conversation, and no sales pitch or forced work. In fact, while there another customer came in for the third time. Apparently he'd chickened out twice before, and while he chickened out again, the artist he was working with never once scolded him or made him feel awful for being unsure. A tattoo is a pretty big deal and a lifetime commitment, so I was glad to see the entire staff being open and honest about the entire ordeal.I met with Malia, a newcomer to the shop at the time. Her work was beautiful, and she spent a while talking to me about the process, size, position, and even took all my sketches to create the tattoo I wound up with. She's very skilled, not heavy-handed at all, and praised me for spending 4 hours under the needle (I figured why not complete the whole thing in one go?). Other artists would wander in as she worked, chatting with me about my career, life, and travels. You really feel like one of the family here! In the end, I wound up with a beautiful tattoo that I love, and the compliments I've gotten around the world have been glowing. When people stop you in a conservative town to tell you they love your tattoo, you know it was well done, quality work!Besides making great art, the entire place is clean and before starting, I was shown a new needle being opened and all fresh inks set up on the table. There's nothing sketch about this place aside from all the drawings going on!If you're looking for a high quality, friendly neighborhood place to get a tattoo, I would highly, highly recommend Memorial Tattoo. Skilled artists and a clean environment are the best recipe for a permanent mark on your skin!
<review# 1618,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/27/2009,3/23/2010,97,71,15,16,17>A Poem:Christmas Day and out of grubSaw a tweet about the Loving Hut.With Kroger closed and no tofuWe hiked to Norcross to get some food.A plentiful buffet for $7.99Well worth the hike, the cash and time.Even the cake was super delishAnd all was vegan, every dish!The service was okay, nothing to boastBut I'd go again, from pillar to post.
<review# 1619,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2010,3/22/2010,440,453,8,14,8>I dont even like sweets that much.  They just have never been my thing.  Sure, I'll eat a slice of cheesecake at any point, and even dabble in  a nice key lime pie, but outside of that, I am a meat and potatoes guy.Cami Cakes is a pretty unassuming, clean, neat, and "cute" shop.  THey have a LARGE assortment of cupcakes and it has a very "boutiquish" feel.$2.50 for a cupcake?  Seriously, but trust me, its well worth it.  Very much well worth it.  I remember getting a red velvet cupcake (among others) that was absolutely out of this world.  Soft, tasty, and simply delicious.I dont frequent cupcake shops, but if it can get better than this, got damn....wow.
<review# 1620,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/25/2009,3/21/2010,94,50,6,8,8>Grabbed some dinner here specifically cause 1) my friends are vegetarian and 2) we like Indian.We walked in to a very cold (literally) space with no one else in the restaurant.  The staff was friendly and unobtrusive.  Ordered some samosas and pooris to start.  Yummy!  Great flavor and spice.Our table then ordered a variety of dishes - vindaloo, korma, niramish, etc - along with garlic naan that were very good.  And if it's not spicy enough for you, they'll take it back and make it so hot that you'll sweat eating it!Definitely a surprise that it was really good, and definitely worth coming back again.  Just make note that they don't have alcohol - the family that followed us in discovered as the patriarch ushered everyone out with a loud "OMG they don't serve alcohol!"
<review# 1621,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2009,3/20/2010,469,375,1,9,5>Tamarind Seed is by far the BEST of the eight Thai restaurants at which I have dined in Atlanta, and its pricing is roughly the same as most of the other Thai restaurants in Atlanta.  I ordered the Siam Chicken and a Thai iced tea.  My boyfriend ordered the Kai-Pad-Prik-Kingh (white meat chicken and fresh string beans with roasted red curry paste).  Everything was perfectly seasoned, (not too salty), and way better than what I think is the second best Thai restaurant in Atlanta.  Siam Chicken - comes in half of a pineapple with pineapple chunks, large straw mushrooms, and cashews.  succulent, tender meat, sweetly spicy.  very bold flavor.  You can taste the freshness.Kai-Pad-Prik-Kingh - comes in a regular dish.  also very succulent, tender, boldly flavorful, and fresh.  The string beans were crisp and sweet.  Delicious.Thai iced tea - excellent.  I could tell the restaurant used real tea leaves instead of powder to brew this Thai iced tea.  The tea flavor was sharper but still very sweet.  It comes in a very tall glass.  Love it.The food came to us within 10 minutes of being ordered.  Very fast service even though we ordered around 6:40 pm.  Gorgeous decor.  Great for dates and small groups.Classy place.
<review# 1622,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2009,3/19/2010,183,150,7,6,4>I enjoy seeing new movies BUT with the economy being what it is lately a night out just isn't the same if it doesn't include vodka -- and the last I heard most theaters won't let you enjoy a "sip" while in their theatres BUT STARLIGHT DOES. (( smile ))I love the old-school drive-in feel that starlight six provides.  I do have to admit -- a double feature is hard for me to get through, I am usually pretty sleepy by the 2nd feature.  But  when summer starts...starlight is going to be my first stop for movies.
<review# 1623,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2009,3/18/2010,149,144,,11,7>Juicy, juicy, juicy!  These soup dumplings were very juicy!  Good bye Chef Liu's, hello NCE!  I was in shock of how much soup was in each soup dumpling, all eight of them.  It was amazing, none of them ripped before entering my mouth.  They were flavorful too.  My only small complaint were that the skins were a bit thicker than I was expecting.    I also had the fresh shrimp dumplings and pork and chive dumplings.  Both were steamed and very flavorful.  The skins on these dumplings were on the thicker side also, but it suited this style dumpling more than the soup dumpling.  The beef noodle soup was good too.  The noodles were not hand made, but it still had good texture.  The beef was nice and tender and in bite size pieces.  There was actually a good bit of beef in the soup.  The only complaint I had with this dish was that it had a layer of oil on top of the soup.  The thought of the oil now is kind of gross, but it tasted good at the time.The best part of these dishes were the prices.  A plate of 12 steamed dumplings were approximately $6, and the plate of 8 soup dumplings were also $6.  I will definitely be going here again.  Thank you, Addy C! ***  This place is a hole in the wall and very easy to miss.  It is in the same building as Italy Optical, on the left side of the building.  You'll see the red lanterns.
<review# 1624,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2009,3/17/2010,489,857,7,9,7>This place has been here for probably over 15 years. My parents forced me to come here to eat when I was little. And I hated it. I ate Korean food 24/7 at my home, and I didn't want to waste going out to eat to eat Korean food again. If yelp existed at that time, I would've given this place 1 star.But I'm not 15 years old anymore. Since I don't eat Korean food 24/7 I do have a craving for it once in a while, and Ilmee is a good Korean restaurant for that. One thing I like about Ilmee is that it's traditional Korean food. It's not crappy fusion Korean, and they don't put anything weird (weird for Korean recipes) in their food. It's pretty much my equivalent of Korean comfort food.  Their dengjang cchigae is very tasty. They also have great banchans. The portions are decent sized, but I think their price has gone up a bit since I last saw them. Their menu items aren't very fancy. If you're Korean you might be actually disappointed with the choices since you can make most of it yourself. But once you taste it, you won't be disappointed anymore. It's your good old, traditional Korean food. They don't have anything too exotic or trendy.
<review# 1625,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/15/2009,3/15/2010,212,212,5,12,8>A little bit of background onmyself. Basically, this entire summer, i commuted between hartford connecticut, and nyc, ny. So basically, i spent most of my entire summer eating pretty authentic italian food in the places that have some of the highest italian american densities in the US. OK, saying that, im still not a huge fan of Neapolitan style pizza. i prefer chicago style deep dish pizza more ( i know BASPHEMY!!). HOWEVER, i will say right now that antico's is among the best and most authentic Neapolitan style pizza i have had yet. I came in at about 2 on a saturday afternoon with 3 of my friends. we ordered 2 pies, the plain Martguerita, and the lasagna for a total of 40 dollars. so about 10 dollars for each of us. And let me tell you, there was def 10 dollars worth of food. We each had 4 slices of pizza, 2 from each pie, and we all agreed that it was really good pizza.You can def taste the freshness of the ingredients. from the tomato sauce to the cheese to the meatballs on the lasagna pizza (which btw was flavorful, not dry, and not super salty like the meet used at other pizza places (i would love to eat spaghetti with these meatballs). the cheese def stood out. it was soft and flavorful. you could tell it wasn't the same as the regular super processed cheese from like pizza hut. Like previous reviewers said, you should eat the pies on location. If you have to take it home, the juices from the sauce were absolutely gushing. i can imagine that the crust would be soaked on a 10 minute drive back. However, since we ate on location, the crust stayed firm and didnt soak through. In fact, i liked how the crust was slightly crusty on the outside, but so soft and chewy inside. it was absolutely delicious.The Margarita pizza is great for purists. You get just the crust, the sauce, the cheese, and a bit of basil. They also provide you fresh condiments like peppers in oil, and chopped garlic which is a lot nicer than the condiments you get at other pizza places. It was flavorful, soft, and fresh. my friends and i literally breathed up the pizza. it was that good.The lasagna pizza was also great. it had meatballs on it that were absolutely to kill for. so tender, moist and flavorful. i liked what they added to it. i think ill get meatballs on all my pizzas instead of sausage from now on.Next time ill get the spicy pizza. that would be all sorts of awesomeThe only negative i can think of is that 20 a pie is kinda expensive. so good food (really good), and slightly more expensive than its competition.... 4 stars. for 5 stars at a price point higher than its competition, it needs to consistently blow my mind. we'll see after a few more trips
<review# 1626,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2010,3/14/2010,106,114,9,13,11>Picture this: Snowy Atlanta night. You & your lover walking hand-in-hand down Elizabeth Street to The Albert (a spot you are not a huge fan of). When suddenly your lover turns to you and he says "Let's throw caution to the wind, let's be spontaneous." Not knowing what words are to follow, you stare deep in his beautiful brown eyes and say "I'm in. What's the plan!?!?" He gazes into your eyes and blurts out: "SAUCY.""Saucy!?!?" you question. "That new restaurant on our street" he says back "Sauced" you respond. "Sauced" he agrees. And that is how I ended up at Sauced last night.  Greeted at the door & seated quickly, I was barely given a chance to take in the really exquisite build-out before being seated in this really posh 1920s long circular booths that wrapped the entire wall of our area, accented with really high-end wood paneling. The bar sat lower than most, bustling, & very welcoming. It was overlooked by cartoon pink elephants, and a 1990s glass block wall. I know it all sounds like a really ugly, trippy time warp. However, it is not. It is eclectic and beautiful and on this cold winter night; romantic. Our waitress rocked. She was attentive, honest, and personable. Big fan. She gave us the heads up that they were cash only. Which was a bit of a shock, but since she was upfront about it & there was an ATM on-site, I let this minor flaw slide. We ordered drinks and the scrumptious BLT special. It was served on a delicious flaky biscuit. Fantastic starter. I ordered the Pirates Stew. My husband, the stroganoff. The Pirates Stew was right up my alley. Mussels, Shrimp, Oysters, and Cod soaked in a rich garlic tomato broth with perfectly charred bread on the side. Loved it. My husband's wild mushroom stroganoff was pretty good. More his sort of thing. We then split the chocolate fudge brownie sundae with sprinkles and I got a latte. Despite having a random lemon placed on the lattes coaster plate, it was absolutely perfect. I'm not a dessert-girl, but the brownie was pretty good, mostly because of the cream & ice cream. My husband devoured every last piece. The best part is when the bill came. $57! $57 for a beer, a wine, an appetizer, two entrees, a dessert, and a latte + a cool atmosphere, great service, and everything was delicious! We had to double check the bill to make sure we weren't being undercharged. We weren't. It really is just that affordable. ....And as you stroll home with your Valentine's day lover, you both decide that you will go back again & often.
<review# 1627,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/6/2009,3/13/2010,179,339,1,11,9>Have been to Atlantic Grill a few times as it is convenient to grab a drink before and/or after catching a flick. On a couple of occasions, I've sat at the bar and found the bartenders to be friendly and efficient. Actually, same with the wait staff when choosing to sit at a table. Menu items I have tried are the Alpine Burger and Grilled Chicken Breast Sandwich, Fries, Onion Strings and Spinach Artichoke Dip. The burger and chicken breast sandwich were both satisfying. As were the fries - sturdy, golden brown outside and soft in the center. The onion strings I don't recommend unless you are into eating deep fried batter and the spinach artichoke dip is just a runny mess of liquid tasteless ingredients. I give kudos to the manager who came to our table after the server told him I didn't care for the spinach artichoke dip. He offered me a choice of something else on the menu and highly recommended the corned beef sandwich. Said he guaranteed it was the next best to a New York deli corned beef sandwich. That's a pretty strong statement to make, but I didn't take him up on it and said no worries. He sent over some Grill Chips and said to enjoy. I really appreciate good customer service and this guy was all about that. Again, kudos to you Mr. Manager for making an effort to keep your customers happy. The atmosphere is unpretentious and pub-like. Bar seating, high tops, booths and tables with a few TV's scattered about. Also, a nice patio. Atlantic Grill is not a destination for me, but a good place to stop in when hitting up a movie.
<review# 1628,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2009,3/12/2010,193,83,6,9,7>I was lucky enough to have a chance to eat at BLT Steak twice in one week. The first time I ordered off the regular menu and the second time was the $25 restaurant week menu, which was a real deal. On the first visit, service was impeccable, our waitress was so on top of every detail of our meal, making great suggestions, really one of the best service experiences ever. On the second visit our waiter seemed a bit put out when we requested the restaurant week menu, which had not been brought to the table with the other menus, and had a bit of an attitude for the rest of the meal.The popovers are every bit as good as everyone has already said, so I won't go into detail, other than to say OMG!!! and I love how they bring the sea salt out for those of us who prefer salted butter over sweet cream. What can I say, I would love to have my own salt lick, I must have some kind of deficiency. Having tried both the filet and the horseradish crusted salmon, I would say you can't go wrong with either. The beef was seriously prime and you can't go wrong topping it with a pat of herbed butter. I would have preferred the salmon to have more of a horseradish kick, it mostly tasted like bread crumbs, but it was perfectly cooked, still rare in the middle and the brown buttery foam sauce was good enough to bathe in. All of the sides were very good to excellent, with the potato gratin being a cheesy, gooey, nutmeggy standout, nothing revolutionary, but just potatoes covered in fat the way they should be. The jalapeno mash on the other hand were such a nice change of pace, again I might have preferred a bit more heat, but they were so buttery and smooth and green, so good.I was not a fan of the carrot cake, there was some kind of texture issue, but the buttery booze laced sauce was worth licking the bowl for. The crepe souffle was the real standout, creamy and light, with the crackly brulee'd top the perfect counterpoint to the pucker up passion fruit coulis. The petit fours were the perfect end to two perfect meals all dark and bitter, like ganache with crunch, I would kill to get my hands on that recipe.Overall one of the better dining establishments in the city. I'm generally not a fan of chains, but these people know what they are doing and they do it right.
<review# 1629,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2009,3/11/2010,243,486,3,10,11>Chef Art has a warm spirit that spreads throughout the restaurant and charms his amazing food. We went for NYE with my 3 year old, and she ended up eating octopus and loving it. Also tried the Mozuku, a tasty tangy mushroom salad that was a bit more like cold soup and combo sunomono. A charming young guy played the sangen (literally "three strings") and sang a few haunting tunes. After the meal, Art led my daughter back to a cooler, and I was afraid that it might have crawly lobsters in it, but it was filled with great Japanese treats. She really enjoyed her sushi-shaped lollipop.Happy kid, happy family. It was all perfect-food, atmosphere, service. Ahhhh...Cheers~
<review# 1630,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2010,3/10/2010,216,175,4,10,10>As much as it pains me to say it, the double is just too much beef for me.  I thought I could handle it, but alas, I am clearly not used to stuffing my mouth with meat.  For me, the single burgers offer a better balance between all the flavors of the sandwich anyway, and are cheaper to boot.  I tend to go for the Apache style burger- the poblanos go great with both the beef and turkey patties.  Grindhouse's sides are a fine, though pale in comparison to the sandwiches.  The service is also friendly and efficient.  And I love the renewed attention this restaurant is giving to the Sweet Auburn District... though if ya'll think that area is hood, ya'll haven't seen much of Atlanta.
<review# 1631,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/26/2009,3/9/2010,47,187,2,5,4>We like it!  I'd eaten here about 5 years ago and enjoyed it just as much back then--nothing had changed.  I hate feeling like I have to justify myself for writing a good review of a place that others feel mediocre about, but here goes.  (1) I've never been to Texas so I've never had real Texas bbq and can't be all snooty about comparing to the "real thing".  (2) I am not picky.  If you put food in front of me I'm typically going to enjoy it unless something is blatantly wrong with it.  I got the pork plate with a side of jalapeno cornbread and brunswick stew.  All were mouthwatering.  Sauce was excellent.  I loved the fact that there were lima beans and okra in the brunswick stew--it could have been a standalone meal.  Hubby got the beef ribs which are phenominal here.  Tons of fall-off-the-bone beef with good flavor.  His sides were fries and cold slaw.  Both great.  We left content and full and then ate the leftovers later that night for a midnight snack.  Everything held up well for the second heating.We left wondering why it had been 5 years since we'd last eaten there, and vowed to make it one of our "splurge" places.
<review# 1632,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2010,3/8/2010,124,182,8,11,6>Finally got a chance to go here a few weeks after it opened.  Came into the place on a Wednesday night with no pre-conceived notions or bias, despite all the online bashing this place got before it even opened.  Not sure where some of that too-cool-for-school mentality comes from... after all, we have to be realistic and understand that we're all just internet review nerds.  Somehow this place received the undue punishment equivalent to a thousand indie hipsters bashing the newest Strokes album three months before release.Anyway, I came here with just one friend who also loves high quality drinks like me.  I met up with him at East Andrews and we saw the telephone booth just jutting out, looking very out of place.  Kinda funny/awkward to be honest, but oh well, it's the concept they're going for.  The instructions to get in were pretty simple and we got in on the first try..  However, the man trying to get in while I was waiting for my friend was unable to figure it out and must have dialed the secret phone number 20 times before figuring out how to enter.  PUSH THE DOOR, IDIOT.  This isn't indiana jones, it isn't going to magically open before your eyes.When my friend and I entered, the first thing I thought was, "Smoke detector, anyone?"  One thing that everyone agrees on about this place is that it is smoky as hell.  It IS a cigar bar, so there's a reason for it, but that doesn't stop the intense smell.  I think I second-hand smoked about 3 cigarettes in an hour.  That's the biggest knock on the place.Other than that, I really enjoyed the joint.  It was a relatively quiet weekday night, so there were plenty of seating options available.  The service was EXCELLENT, the waitress checked up on us frequently but not annoyingly, and the bartender came by as well to ask how we were enjoying the drinks.  Since my friend and I are connoiseurs of fine drinks (read: arrogant inebriate assholes), we challenged him on the menu descriptions of a few cocktails and he playfully admitted a menu error.  All the staff were very friendly, genuinely concerned about the quality of the drinks, and just nice guys you'd like to sit down and drink with.The drinks: excellent.  I had the Brown Derby and the Ramon Fizz.  The Ramon Fizz had egg whites to go with the gin, and I was a bit surprised about how much egg whites were in there.  Still, I was pleasantly surprised by the flavor.  The Brown Derby is a mix of Bourbon and grapefruit juices, and was quite good as the grapefruit juices really complemented the Bourbon better than I thought it would.  My friend had a Negroni (a European favorite) and a special cocktail that the bartender made just for him.The cocktails are 12 bucks each, which is really freakin' expensive obviously.  However, the liquors used are all top shelf and they do hand-chip the ice, and use freshly squeezed fruit juices.  So it's not a place I could afford often, but if I were a rich millionaire, I'd go here and enjoy myself with friends.In the end... 5 stars for service, drink quality... minus 1 star for smokiness, minus half a star for price... 3.5 stars.  I'll give them the benefit of the doubt and round up to 4 stars.
<review# 1633,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2009,3/6/2010,787,655,3,12,8>Intrigued by fellow yelper Blissfull G.'s review on this place I had to try it. I have passed this place so many times before and had never thought of stopping in. First off this place is nothing fancy at all, there is no waiter service, you order at the counter, drinks are in a can, and you eat with plastic forks on a Styrofoam plate. We both ordered a combo plate which came with a choice of meat, vegetable, and a huge piece of naan.  We ended up with lentils, chickpeas, and two types of chicken ( tikka masala, and another spiced curry dish), and an accompanying plate of raw onion and cilantro. Both chicken dishes had a spicy kick to them, and I appreciated the descriptions of them: either on the bone or off ( since I have a tiny food complex about meat on the bone)All in all I'd definitely go back for the friendly service and great food!
<review# 1634,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2010,3/5/2010,244,602,21,37,20>Strange. For some reason, I expected something more mellow and soothing when I bought tickets to Dialogue in the Dark. The beginning room, where you sit on lighted cubes that eventually dim, fed into that expectation. And then...then....chaos. People yelling. Walls being thumped. Banging combined with "Follow the sound of my voice!" It was discombobulating and eventually claustrophobic which, when I thought about it, was entirely the point.After some moments of navel-gazing, I realized that my sighted self associates darkness with quiet and calm; that is MY preconception. But the world isn't quiet. It isn't calm. It's a chaotic, cacophonous mess whether you can see it or not. And in DitD, you definitely CAN'T see it. You're urged to explore, using your hands, your cane and your other senses to simulate being blind in the real world. Once the shock wears off, the novelty begins as everyone in your group lurches about, touching and declaring their "finds." Once the novelty wears off, the claustrophobia begins as your urge to see begins to take over. And again, that's the point. At least for most of you, there's an end point. The ride ends and the simulation is over. For others, it ain't so simple. You thank your lucky stars for your eyes.Some hints before you go: if you go with others, wear unique material. I wore cashmere (not because I'm fancy, but because it was friggin' COLD outside.) Within the first few minutes, everyone knew who I was immediately by touch. Which brings me to number 2.  You will be touched. I can see how some may even be inadvertently groped. If you have space and touching issues, you may want to re-consider.  Three, be aware of whatever scent you are wearing as, yes, it will be seemingly multiplied a thousand fold. Having just taken my Claritan D that day and my sinuses clear as a fall day, I was able to hunt down my wife like a bloodhound. That was kind of cool.Four, when I bought my tickets online last week, the promo code SUPERTIX still worked. Give that a try. I'd feel guilty since the cause seems just, but really, when I thought about what it took to set the exhibit all up, they must be making a killing on the thing.Finally, be prepared for that claustrophobic feeling. A woman in our group ultimately asked to be escorted out. I could see (no pun intended) why. We had a great group, though, and I was glad to have gone through it. Groping and all.
<review# 1635,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2010,3/4/2010,77,125,21,14,20>Weird how I walk into a gay bar and feel more insecure than I have ever felt anywhere else. Maybe it was the fact that it was a Monday night. Nobody likes Mondays. I'm definitely the outcast/minority... especially walking in with a group of four other straight girls. All eyes on us. Burning. "What do THEY think they're doing here?" Sigh. My mind is probably overactive and I am overreacting. However as we get settled in and order some drinks I am feeling good and more at home. Have a few conversations here and there, even get in a little dance move or two, take some pictures-- but let's face it-- it's a meat market and I am the grade D cube steak. Oops, self esteem drops another 10 points as soon as the drag show gets under way. Why do they all look exponentially better than I do? Why isn't my ass that perky? I want to dance and twirl too. Really, the truth is that I am entranced. I don't want it to end. I love the hood white girl with the big ass. I want to watch her shake it all night long. She let me touch it. I almost got electrocuted. In summation... I had a great time at Blake's. Drag show is six days a week, you can't beat that! I will be returning for sure and will aim for a weekend night. Because nobody likes Mondays.
<review# 1636,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/14/2009,3/2/2010,789,691,4,14,9>I love Thai food, and the concept of "Thai street food" was intriguing enough to check out - also b/c Kit F gave it 4 stars, and b/c it's owned by the same folks at Nan and Tamarind Thai. They've been open for a couple wks, and I'm hoping they get better signage b/c we wouldn't have been able to find it had we not known they were in the old Taurus space. Inside, very cool space, and dim lighting so perfect date spot. It's soft opening as other reviews mention so there were lots of empty tables. That won't last once word gets out. The food here is absolutely delicious, and service was really good & very authentic. We had a party of 5 - actually 4 b/c one person was vegetarian & did her own thing - so we shared plates.SMALL PLATESNeau Sawan ($9) - great flavor. Tasted similar to beef jerky version of Korean bulgogi. This dish is actually Thai beef jerky w/ coriander, and also comes with a tiny serving of sticky rice. Good app choice for a large group b/c plenty to sample.Mieng Kum ($9) - my favorite. It's spinach leaf wraps w/ lime, ginger, onions, roasted peanuts & coconut in carmelized palm sugar. Really bold flavors. The menu description forgot to mention spicy :) I love sweet & spicy so this was a winner. SALADSPlah Neauh ($13) - again, loved the bold flavors. Beef tenderloin lemongrass salad w/ onions & kaffir lime. It was so flavorful that next time, I might ask if I can have more lettuce leaves.Yum Woon Sen ($12) - shrimp, calamari, mussels, minced chicken, and cellophane noodles w/ fresh lime, onions, & touch of palm sugar. Starting to realize that many of their dishes are surprisingly spicy even though the menu descriptions don't say so. Not a problem with our group since we all love spicy :) Surprises are nice, too.BANGKOK STREET NOODLESBa-Mee Moo Dang ($14) - BBQ pork w/ egg noodles, crushed peanuts, scallions, cilantro and yu choy. Great flavor.Pad Mee ($13) - vermicelli noodles w/ mushrooms, sprouts, scallions & egg. Our vegetarian friend got this dish for herself. She said it was good but nothing to wow about. BIG PLATESKra Pow ($14) - this was the group favorite. Sauteed pork w/ Thai sweet basil & garlic, topped with fried egg. One friend who's been to Thailand a few times said this dish was the closest to his memories of street food. Like everything else we ordered, the flavors were just incredible, strong, & bold.  Overall, loved the flavors of everything we ordered. Keep in mind this place is mostly tapas so it can add up fast. I'm still coming back to try the other recommended dishes - the menu looked fantastic.
<review# 1637,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2009,3/1/2010,214,189,4,13,10>Still a fan, but the xiao long bao (Shanghai Soup Buns) face a problem.  Most people familiar with both XLB and Dim Sum will know that many dumpling-like items prepared in steamers come with some sort of liner to prevent stickage to the bamboo (or, at times, metal) steamers.  Most of the time the liner is some kind of paper.  At Chef Liu, the liner they use is a rigid plastic grill with relatively sharp edges.  The thin skins of the XLB tend to stick to the grill and tear open when patrons try to extricate the dumplings from the steamer basket.  I try to keep a steady, careful hand, but I encountered four split dumplings, and much agony with the loss of the tasty soup inside.  Mitigating this loss, however, is Chef Liu's inclusion of Crabmeat Soup Buns on the menu.
<review# 1638,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2009,2/28/2010,298,329,3,9,8>Sushi Mito is truly a hidden gem in Atlanta, and it is more than worth the drive for any sushi aficionados living ITP. Located in a sleepy shopping center in Norcross, this restaurant is easy to miss. The inside is shockingly classy and beautiful, and the impressive number of lunch patrons let you know you're not the first to discover this place. When I arrived here yesterday, I was greeted by a pleasant, smiling hostess and seated immediately. I ordered the recommended $11.50 Wednesday lunch special, and it was one of the most memorable sushi meals I have had both in America and Japan. It was truly the first time I got very full off sashimi and other Japanese fare. The quality of the food was even better than the beautiful presentation. I'm usually disappointed when Japanese restaurants offer 4-5 pieces of the same type of fish on a special dish, but this was not the case here. I had at least 7 different kinds of sashimi, all generous in portion. The special on Wednesdays  also includes a serving of the salad of the day, which was a delicious small bowl of kabocha with crab meat. There's also a glass dish of what I would best describe as a light egg custard (though with no sugar, salt, or cream - it's very light) with mushrooms, a little spinach, and some chicken and shrimp at the bottom. I've never tried anything like it, and it's not easily forgettable. Everything was amazing. The special does include the miso soup and ginger salad appetizers, which all amounts to much more great food than you could ever expect at such a nice place, and it's by far one of the best deals in Atlanta. The prices for dinner do go up significantly, so my family and I only frequent Sushi Mito for lunch.  If you have time to make the drive to Norcross for lunch on a Wednesday, you MUST try this special!!!! Sushi Mito is worth the trip no matter what day it is, though - their regular menu is amazing, too.Oishi!!!!!
<review# 1639,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2009,2/27/2010,35,125,9,9,8>We have a guest from out of town and figured it was high time to try the legendary Ghetto Burger.  Our adventure started when we pulled up around 12:30.  We went onto the porch and sat down.  There were maybe seven people in front of us.  While we were waiting, at least a dozen people came up.  many of them bounded up the stairs and tried to go in, only to be rebuffed.  Eventually, we started shouting "DON'T DO IT!" at them.  One guy was told to wait his turn by Miss Ann and promptly left, cursing under his breath.  A suburbanite dad and his two teenaged sons sat for about ten minutes, then gave up.  As they left, one mumbled "this is retarded."  The attrition rate was probably about 75%, one brave survivor for every three washouts.Good riddance, suckers.About an hour and a half after we got there, we were in.  Miss Ann had a helper today, a nice older lady who mainly made sure everyone got their drinks and handed out the sheets of aluminum foil that serve as de-facto to-go boxes.  The inside is a study in contradictions - the place looks insanely unhealthy; it's old and worn and there are pots and pans everywhere, but then everything is kept fastidiously clean - hands are washed like clockwork, surfaces are consistently wiped down, and so forth.  Honestly, it's a lot like being at your grandma's house - as long as you mind your manners, stay polite, watch your language and stay off the phone, you'll be fine.  The burgers themselves are astonishing.  It's seriously a pound of meat, slathered in seasonings and lettuce and tomato and delicious delicious onion.  The fries are pretty good too, but let's face it, you came for the burgers.  Miss Ann is like clockwork - every single step of the Ghetto Burger process is down to a science.  Or an art, I guess.  The point is, holy crap, it's amazing to watch this little tiny woman just buzz around and fix these massive slabs of deliciousness.It's not insanity....THIS.IS.ATLANTA.
<review# 1640,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2009,2/24/2010,94,68,7,9,9>I just love Sabor Do Brazil!  It's nothing like Fogo or anything, so you can't expect phenomenal cuts of meat on a stick, large & elegant dining rooms, extensive wine lists (or any, for that matter), or cute guys in funky pants.  No, this place is the antithesis of all of that.  But you CAN expect to get a great home-style, all you can eat feast for a super price!  The buffet, itself, is small.  There's usually a choice of at least 2 or 3 various kinds of meats, cooked veggies, starches, as well as a simple salad bar.  Try the tropical fruit salad!  Heaven!   Depending on the day/night, they may have a soup or stew.  On a good night, they'll have yucca and or fried plantains.  On a great night, they'll have cheese rolls! *drool*  On the best night of all, they'll have chayote!  Once, they had spaghetti (huh?)...But the rice and beans is where it's at!  Amazingly simple, and simply amazing!  I CRAVE their rice and beans at least once a week, on a regular basis.As Addy C. mentioned, the meat can be really tough.  Know what makes it incredibly delicious?  The hot, malagueta pepper sauce that's on every table.  Yes, I would love to just eat a whole bottle of those delightful little guys!  They're INCREDIBLY HOT, though, so be careful!  One little pepper is enough to spice at least half of your plate!  I'm serious!So if you're brave and go for the bottle of peppers, you're gonna need something to drink!  I suggest their freshly squeezed orange juice!  It's about $3 and very much worth it! They'll add sugar and ice if you want, but I find that it's great right out of the juicer!  Of course, you could be boring and opt for a canned drink or something, but I say it's best to "eat outside of the box" and try something adventurous!  Speaking of, they also offer Brazilian mango and cashew drinks...although, I have to say, I wasn't a fan of the cashew.  Live and learn.  And the moral of the story is:  If you're around Delk Rd during lunch or dinner time, stop by and check it out for yourself!  Don't want to sit there and gorge yourself on the buffet?  They offer to-go containers and sell the food by the pound!  So now you have no excuses not to try it...Sabor DO Brazil is just too delicious to pass up!For real, if I could eat the rice and beans everyday...I just might!   *poot*
<review# 1641,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2009,2/23/2010,215,493,5,19,18>Adopt A Golden helped me find my little Bella so I have to give them five stars!I found her at one of their adoption days at the Petsmart in Buckhead after scouting out the adoptees on the website.  The website is great - you can get a little background and see a picture before you go to the adoption day.  The website also gives you instructions on how to get the application and approval process started so that you're all approved and ready to find the doggie of your dreams.I submitted my application online, paid my application fee (via PayPal) and was quickly contacted by a volunteer who would guide me through the adoption process.  She informed me when my application was approved and then set about arranging a home visit by another volunteer so they could check everything out.  I was nervous but it really was no big deal and I was also quickly informed that I had passed that evaluation, as well.Before going to an adoption day, they advised me to check out the website and make some notes about dogs I might want to meet.  The website has information like whether the dog needs a fenced in yard, the company of another dog, special care, and also gives some background on the dog and a picture.  I had complete notes with me when I got there, and they helped, but once I saw Bella, who wasn't on my list, I pretty much knew that she was my doggie.When I left adoption day, I indicated that I was interested in her.  When they checked with me a day later, I told them I was very interested and that she was the one.  It took some time to actually get her because her foster parents wanted to evaluate her a bit more to make sure she'd be OK, in addition to making a visit to my home to make sure she felt comfortable there.  After that, it was only another day and then she came to my home for good.I have been contacted by people from Adopt A Golden on multiple occasions since I got Bella to make sure we're doing OK.  They do an excellent job of following up.  They also did an excellent job of evaluating me (the adopter) and Bella (the adoptee) throughout the whole process to make sure everything was going to be right.  They are very organized and they do make every effort to make sure the dogs are getting a good home.  I highly recommend Adopt A Golden.
<review# 1642,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/7/2009,2/22/2010,44,189,18,8,8>And I would do anything for duckI'd run right into Ming's and backI would do anything for duckBut I won't eat catMing's has been under attack recently so I decided to do an update. The duck is still as delicious as ever and still a great price. From ordering duck or pork here to it being in front of me takes about four minutes. You just cannot beat that.If it looks like a duck, and quacks like a duck chances are it is in my belly.
<review# 1643,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/18/2009,2/20/2010,35,124,4,5,6>What???? I didn't review Yogurberry? That is impossible. This place is great. Brian is super excited to serve you, in fact he will yell (in a nice way) when you come in and when you leave. He will also tell you that your order is the "best", no matter what you get- but hey, can you really blame a guy fro being pumped up about yogurt?As for the product, I have tried several flavors and find them all tart yet refreshing. The toppings are always fresh, and they are always spread throughout the yogurt, not just on top.Despite its less than stellar location, I reccomend the drive or walk to this place...and if you are lucky Brian might even have a DJ, guitar hero or DDR waiting for you.
<review# 1644,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2009,2/19/2010,1969,871,14,14,9>Oh Bacchanalia how I have fallen in love with you! You greeted me like an old friend.You and your staff treated me like family. You must have known we needed a nice, low key, relaxing evening. Even though you had about four or five people waiting on us, you would have never known this to be true, very smooth orchestrated service delivery, much appreciated!The servers were amazing, you explained everything in glorious detail, sometimes twice to my comfort. Without the attitude that normally comes with a place of this caliber!The decor was warm, understated, elegance. The chairs, tables, spacing was well thought of. Even though there were people right next to us, you would have never known! The tableware, silverware, glassware all appropriate for the occasion.The wine selection was spot on, I liked the half glass full glass options, well done! The mixologist did a great job on the Martini's Delicious!The 4 course prix fixe menu was perfect! With the chefs additions it turned into 7 course meal! Thank You!Risotto a perfect blend of flavors and just the right amount! Dover Sole was the best I've ever had! Thank god it was recommended and I got the last one of the evening! The add on Cheese Selection from Star Provisions was unbelievable, the cheese monger took his time in explaining each one and he was spot on in his recommendations! The mulled Cider and shortbread cookie was a perfect choice to cleanse your pallet prior to dessert! The Chocolate Souffle was perfect but the real star is the Mint Ice Cream it's as if I was eating a mint leaf pulled right from the plant AMAZING! Ron the Matire D was gracious, friendly and appropriately conversational. The gift from the hostess on the way out capped off an incredible evening with friends.Now the piece de resistance are you ready, are you sure: $75 plus additional $10 for the Cheese Selection per person! Best price I've ever seen for an experience like this. I have and would pay nearly double in other cities and have been treated worse. WOW!And of course I have two things I would recommend to the management!1) A dark napkin for my dark clothing!2) Recognize a left-handed person and adjust the service delivery to accommodate this highly superior individual trait! LOL!Great Job! I Love you Bacchanalia!
<review# 1645,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2010,2/18/2010,777,438,5,7,6>The ambience is AMAZING! The boyfriend took me here yesterday for my birthday and I LOVED IT! It was awfully romantic. I'd like to make a shout-out to my main squeeze Dan-MY-man-"TD2timeMVP"-B. for being so sweet and thoughtful and remembering how I loved Cajun food! There's complimentary parking and street parking as well. There was a man playing from his keyboard as we walked in. The decor was lovely and just the right amount of color. Nice red lamps at the bar. A random statue of a couple in the back (haha). The restaurant is a building by itself and looked like it was a house at one point. Even though it was a Tuesday night, it was still somewhat busy. The waiter was not as attentive as I would have liked, but there were auxiliary from others. The owner (I'm presuming) walked around and checked up on us. We got a sausage plate appetizer. IT WAS MUY DELICIOSO. I savored every little piece of that tomatoe chutney and sausage patty. Please sir, may I have moreeeeee...There was also complimentary bread and butter and I must say, that was the TASTIEST PIECE OF BREAD EVER. I really savored every bite. You can tell because I chew slower. I ordered Catfish and the boyfriend ordered Pork Shank. Unfortunately, the appetizer outdid the main course. My meal was decent but slightly too salty for my palette and I didn't finish my food, which is freaking rare. His food was gi-normous and fared better. It had brussel sprouts and pureed sweet potatas. Overall however, we agreed the main course was ok. Then, dahling surprised me with a birthday dessert with candle on top. The server did not sing to me; he was not of the singing kind. But it was home-made smores and holy cow, that was the BEST BIRTHDAY TREAT I HAVE EVER HAD AND I DON'T EVEN LIKE CHOCOLATE THAT MUCH. Man, I'm no food expert but that was one hell of a "smores". It was freaking delicious, as in 10 out of 10. I honestly never had something so good. The smore had honey drizzle on the plate. Nice thick crust, with rich chewy chocolate and marshmellows perfectly melted. Each bite had the perfect bit of crunch. I loved it. As God is my witness, I have never tasted anything so delectable. We also checked out the market downstairs. It's alright. I has cool sapons and yummy little bits. You can see the kitchen staff working and the bathroom behind bead curtains. I will definitely come back :)
<review# 1646,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2009,2/17/2010,68,309,7,12,6>Bones - I finally made it.  After years of seeing and hearing about this place, I finally graced them with my presence.  And we did it big - yes, we did.  French onion soup - Wowoweewow!  Great flavor and good ratio of onion/stock/crouton/cheese.  One of the better versions I've had.  Crab cakes - While I haven't had crab cakes in the real crab-y areas like Maryland, these are the best I've ever had.  Nice flavor and all killer, no filler - the key to a great crab cake.  Bone-in ribeye - Big, cooked well, good flavor.  It's a good steak.  Probably not the best steak I've ever had, but it's pretty satisfying.  I'd probably lean towards a bit thicker ribeye though.  Asparagus - It's big spears of asparagus.  Nothing crazy.  Spinach - Sauteed spinach - hard to mess up.Corn pudding - Very good.    Grit fritters - I don't like grits so I wasn't a huge fan of these.  They seem like lame versions of hushpuppies to me.  I know I'm in the minority here though.Warm pecan pie - Honestly, this was a bit lackluster for me.  Don't get me wrong - it was good, but just didn't really do anything for me.  I definitely wouldn't get it again.  Mountain high pie - They brought this free monstrosity out for my dad's bday.  It's an enormous slice of layered ice cream cake.  It's gotta be around 8 inches high and maybe 5-6 inches in width at the edge.  It's more than enough for 4 people - probably more.  Overall, it's impressive and it's pretty good, but it kinda has a little too much going on in terms of all the layers and flavors I think.  Still, you have to get it if you go.  Everything is pretty expensive and some stuff is overpriced, but all the food is pretty much top-notch and you know going in that it's not going to be cheap.  As far as atmosphere goes, it's definitely classy traditional steakhouse - that's a-okay with me.  As far as service goes, it wasn't nearly as stuffy or snooty as I was expecting.  Our server was maybe even a bit casual despite the fancy duds.  There's nothing wrong with that either.  And definitely not considering the rest of the service was very good.  It was my dad's birthday and they definitely went out of their way to make it special - birthday greeting, decorated table, free dessert.  The extra effort in service definitely made a positive impression and gets them a rounding up in score for me.  Have you been Boned?4.5
<review# 1647,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2010,2/16/2010,174,396,1,9,8>I first noticed Lee's Bakery on a visit to the well-loved Co'm.  After checking out its rating on Yelp, I resolved to give it a try sometime.  That time ended up being tonight.I tried the Banh Mi Bi, which is the shredded pork banh mi.  The woman who took my order didn't laugh at my awkward attempt to pronounce it (she said I pronounced it correctly).Only after I had ordered did I notice the sign stating that there is a $10 minimum for credit cards.  I apologized and offered to cancel my order, because I only had $2 in cash on me.  The nice guy at the counter just took my measly two dollars, saying "It's your first time, right?"This was embarrassing, but once he knew I was a first-timer he also took the time to explain everything that was on my sandwich.  So I now know that it was made with shredded pork (with the skin still on), daikon, sliced cucumber, and cilantro.  He told me to be sure to come back soon.  It was really sweet and melted my heart a little.My sandwich was great, although the bread seemed to be nearing the end of its peak freshness (which is why I'm giving 4 stars instead of 5).  Even with the slightly less-than-perfect bread, I really enjoyed my bahn mi. The flavors blended perfectly and I was impressed with the amount of food they offer for a mere two dollars and fifty cents.I plan to return to Lee's Bakery soon, this time with the correct amount of cash.  What a great little place.
<review# 1648,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2010,2/15/2010,81,286,3,7,4>I love this place. my "friend" is Dominican and he introduced me to Mi Pilon. He is very critical about anything he eats. He detests un-authentic food, and he loves this place. the ropa vieja is really good. the tomato-based sauce (which they cook the majority of their dishes in) is really tasty and not salty at all. the beef  brisket is shredded to the perfect mouth fulfilling size and is very tender. my favorite is the Carne de Res con Papas. it's stewed beef chunks in the tomato based sauce with boiled potatoes and spices. it is so freaking good. the beef chunks are so tender they fall apart as soon as you stick your fork in it. the potatoes are really good and soak up the tomato sauce and the spices. the plate comes with a choice of white or yellow rice and pinto or black beans. and plantains. the yuca con mojo is really good. i am a fan. just like Greg C. said, it gets really confusing when you order at the front (buffet style) then sit down and the waitress brings your food to you. then you eat and pay at the register. ??? confusing. the prices are really reasonable. and the people are really nice. next time I'll have to try the monfonguito.
<review# 1649,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/29/2010,2/12/2010,213,662,13,4,4>As I type this review, a deep pressure is releasing itself from my stomach--caused by the dinner I had from Nick's Food to Go last night. The meal tasted great, although I could do without the resulting flatulence.I decided on the Souvlaki Platter, comprising Greek-style pork, Greek fries and a Greek salad. According to the charming and adorable restaurant owner, Nick, his wife marinates the pork three days before cutting the meat into cubes and cooking it. The pork definitely was full of flavor. The fries were lemony and wonderful, especially when dipped in the homemade tzatziki sauce; once again, Nick's wife cuts and prepares the cucumbers the night before folding them into this ethereal condiment. And the Greek salad was standard. While I waited for my food inside this dive, looking out the window to make sure my car hadn't been broken into or filched, I read the articles about Greece that hang around the walls. I'd like to give Nick's Food to Go another chance and not order the pork. Again, it tasted good, but I can't ignore the gas my entree caused.
<review# 1650,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/21/2009,2/11/2010,122,193,5,9,7>Dante's is one of the most original restaurants you'll find in Atlanta. The pirate ship decor is not to be beat, complete with the alligator- worth a star on its own. Although it can be a fun place to take the kids, I think it's a great precursor to a sexy night with your special someone. Choose one of the semi-private tables overlooking the room and relax and enjoy each others company while you take your time. The servers were there when you need them, but not hovering. I'm willing to stake my Yelp Elite status by saying if you play your cards right, well, you get my drift. The food is as heavy or light as you want- order the cheese fondue as an appetizer. For our dinner we had the beef, pork, chicken and shrimp. The pork was by far the best- marinated with garlicky goodness. A few downsides, though. I wish they had a better selection of wine by the glass. The have a great wine list so you might just want to buy the bottle instead. Also, those tiny little wine glasses say 1970 so lets get progressive and use a better glass. For dessert, the only real choice  is the chocolate fondue, which you'll need to order in advance. It's not really sized for two though so you might want to plan a little sweet treat elsewhere afterward.
<review# 1651,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2010,2/10/2010,209,595,6,5,6>If you like sweatin' to the oldies, this ain't the place.. however, if you like sweatin to hot gay men.. this is your joint.  Then again most gyms close to midtown are like that.  I've been going to Urban Body for a couple of years.  The best thing about this gym is the classes.  Multiple spin classes daily with some fabulous instructors- they do get packed out so arrive early.  My fave classes are the bootcamp and high intensity workouts which they have both early morning and evening classes.  The rest of the gym is typical and the cardio equipment can have a line but the classes are the meat of the operation.
<review# 1652,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2009,2/9/2010,223,140,5,15,14>So I talk my good friend Nichole into going to Agave with me, she initially suggested pizza, so I politely overruled her. It's a Friday evening and something like pizza just wasn't going to cut it.I got there first, it gave me a good opportunity to check out the bar area and the seating layout. The walkways were narrow and not the best to hold a conversation as foot traffic is constantly interrupting the flow. Overall I enjoyed the ambiance, feels like I've walked into a Spanish villa.   Perhaps the narrowness was intentional.Nichole arrives and we get our table after a brief wait. We got seated in the covered patio, which was perfect. Lots of sun still left in the day and I had a few margaritas with my name on them. Our server was a doll, she was fun and made great recommendations like the Spicy Southwestern Crab & Shrimp Spring Rolls.  These were truly fantastic and I would devour an entree portion if one was available.Nic went with the Cayenne Fried Chicken as her main course and I went with the night's special of scallops with tomatillo grits and pineapple. I tried a little bit of the chicken and it was very tasty. I was a little disappointed in the scallops, but the grits were very good. Agave is a great restaurant and I see it being part of my regular rotation.
<review# 1653,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2009,2/8/2010,34,78,13,9,9>I must be desensitized. Correction, living in the hood the last 8 years of my life has caused me to change my perspective on many things...like for instance gunshots at night (now I can't sleep without them) or perhaps a screeching car or being called names as I drive down the street. These things make me feel at home now. I love my hood and more importantly I love the people that share my hood with me.Dive joints mean the peeps running the joint likely are more focused on the food than the decor. You'll notice a trend in my other reviews - I could care less about the look of the place if you've caused my taste buds to dance in inappropriate ways in my mouth. Hey, a girl has to get it somewhere.With that said, and remembering that I'm writing a review on Wyatt's, I'm giving a high five and a shout out for the quality of the BBQ and veggies produced by this place. Yeah - it's a rickety shack. But it's what is in the shack that matters. The vinegary and mustardy barbeque sauce sings to me every time I consume the pulled pork or chicken breast. The turnip greens are heavenly and don't even get me started on the mac and cheese. This is the place for BBQ in Atlanta. Yeah, you might take it to go, but mmm...it's worth it. Heck, while you're there purchase a set of 800 count Egyptian cotton sheets sold on the corner for $35 bucks or better yet get your car washed. You really could just make an afternoon of it!
<review# 1654,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2010,2/7/2010,245,510,9,13,8>I'm not much of a massage type of person, but I threw my back out over 3 weeks ago something fierce. It just wouldn't go away, worst ever. Didn't even know how I did it (this is what happens with age). With my wife threatening acupuncture treatment, I picked up the phone and called in the massage help. Sara N. did a great job, this was a very deep massage, I was as stiff as a board. She earned her money for sure. After a few days of soreness, my back is back to normal, and I'm planning a follow up visit in a few weeks. She saved me from the Korean torture chamber of needles. Highly recommend!
<review# 1655,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2009,2/5/2010,354,392,4,11,10>I've had an extra bathroom that has not been used in a blue moon after I had some jerk plumber come in and tell me it would cost thousands to have my toilet and shower fixed.  Well, I finally got sick of the inconvenience and perused Yelp.  I liked the previous reviews on M. Cary and Daughters and thought I would give them a go.  I called, they fit me right in, and came when they said they would.  I got a female plumber- YES!  I was alone and my hair was already bristling, thinking some guy was going to come in and try to railroad me with extras.  I immediately felt comfortable with her.  She took a look at my bathroom and showed me the cracks in the parts inside my toilet (I knew it had to go- it was 30 years old)  and it would cost so much more to fix all the parts, I might as well get a new toilet.  Agreed.  And the previous plumber told me that it would cost hundreds upon hundreds of dollars to fix my shower.  Nah, she said, it just needed some washers replaced, no biggie.She came on a Friday, and had a new toilet and the parts in by Monday.  I asked them to come on Thursday, they showed up and fixed it all for a great price in under an hour.  So far, the new toilet works perfectly (my fiance flushed it over and over again like a child with a new toy) and the shower no longer incessantly drips.  Big thumbs up to M. Cary and Daughters!!
<review# 1656,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/31/2009,2/3/2010,28,68,10,14,11>I didn't wanna come here.I'm a cheap broad, and although I love food, I'm no food snob.Because of these facts, I feel compelled to explain why I just finished eating a Bacchanalia foie gras/black truffle burger.See, when I was really young, my mom worked in an old school full service butcher shop and they're pretty hard to find these days unless you're in the food industry and/or know where to look in your town. I've been in ATL for almost five years now, and never had the reason to really launch my search until this week. All I wanted was a hanger steak. THAT'S IT. I asked around about where I might be able to find this elusive cut of beef, and the answer I got was Star Provisions.So I mosey on down there today,  and while the place is as cozy and cute as it can be ( in that well loved/worn rustic/simple elegance kinda way),  there's a touch of snobbery in the air. Not from the employees, just in the ambiance itself. I gag as I look at the prices on the tableware, and brace myself for the prices that await me at the meat counter. My game plan was to look for (and ask for it if I didn't see it) my steak and get the hell outta there. I spotted it (  at 11 bucks a pound), but unfortunately, a long winded ( but perfectly nice I'm sure) lady with an insane grocery budget started rattling off her high falutin' list. This gave me time to take in ALL the goodies, and so I was doomed.Yep, bought some burgers at 9 bucks a pop. Yes, I am ashamed.I couldn't just stop there... nope, my nose led me over to the to-go section, where I broke my no-pork rule in order to have the mushroom and house sausage calzone, which was divine. At first I wondered why I wasn't given any silverware, but after asking for some I realized it's impossible to eat and enjoy it without digging in with your hands. The sauce was unneeded; the flavors and textures stand up proudly on their own. In contrast to the other side of the shop, the calzone was a pretty cheap 6 bucks. I also had a brownie. I prefer a more cake-y brownie, but it was still pretty good.   I'm gonna break my no-pork rule again soon, so I can take a stab at the muffaletta. I will also find a reason to go back for the current blue plate special, which stars their fried chicken.Minus one star for the previously mentioned air of pretension, and the sky high prices, although  I understand WHY this shop is so pricey. The staff is either treated well,  paid well, or both because they were all very nice. I realize it also costs money to  outfit the place with so much faux rustic lived in charm!With that said, I'll (still) be back.
<review# 1657,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/25/2009,2/1/2010,527,87,13,10,6>Ah, Midtown, I hardly know you anymore. There was a time when my life revolved around you, when I couldn't be away from you for more than a day lest I break out in a cold sweat. Oh, but how times have changed. This part of town now seems almost foreign to me with so many new restaurants, hotels, shops, crosswalks and office towers. Anyone remember when your only choices for food were The Country Place, Gorin's Diner, Trappers on the Park or Filibuster? One of these shiny, brand-spanking-new restaurants is RA Sushi, which I had lunch at today. Upon entering, I was immediately struck by the fact that the entire staff is drop-dead gorgeous. Every last one of 'em. Models and raw seafood--works for me!The hostess seemed a tad scared of me, not sure what that was about. Anysakibomb, she took me to a table centrally located in this uber-large space, which feels very Vegas-like to me--like something that seems not only built for the night, but probably looks its best in the dark, too. Think Pamela Anderson. With its high ceilings, dramatic lighting, soaring windows--I bet it's a stunner after sunset. During the day, it just felt really big and cavernous. Again, think Pamela Anderson.There's a bangin' patio, too, with a bar that works both sides--indoors and out--very hip, stylish and the perfect place for perfect people.I started with some edamame which was OK; the texture was too soft for me. Thanks to my Italian mother, I prefer everything al dente, but that's a completely different story. The flavor was very good, though.Next, I asked the server for her favorite roll on the menu to which she promptly replied in a whispery, Marilyn Monroe voice "The Vegas roll." Natch.It was not the right choice for me; it was a bit too heavy and large. Each piece looked like a small cupcake, literally. Way too big to eat in one bite, but without a fork, I was forced to do my best with chopsticks. I dropped it a couple of times, but I forged on. It was lobster and rice in a deep-fried roll topped with a huge dollop of crab and mayo. Whoa! I thought sushi was healthy! Regardless, it had great flavor and if I order it again, I'll just ask for good old-fashioned utensils.The food came out super fast, too. I failed to mention I was with two other people and our main dishes were delivered at different times--almost 2-3 minutes between each. Now, I don't know about you, but it feels wrong to eat when others don't have their meals, too (another thing my mom taught me, I guess), so we all just sat there and stared at each other's plates until all three eventually arrived. I've never understood why restaurants do this, but maybe it's the nature of sushi cuisine: they expect you to sample off each other's plates, so what difference does it make when they come out?I enjoyed RA Sushi. Don't get me wrong. I will definitely go back. This would be a great place for drinks and a bite before going out to a show or the club (The club? Who am I kidding? I haven't been to a club since the Backstreet Boys were actually boys). They had an extenstive menu with lots of other dishes that sounded really good, but I think I'll let them settle in to a groove first before returning. This will give me time to practice my runway walk, grow 7 inches, lose 127 pounds, visibly reduce fine lines and wrinkles and get my portfolio together. Viva Las Midtown!
<review# 1658,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/19/2009,1/31/2010,97,42,3,7,9>So three stars isn't bad, but it doesn't knock my socks off either... I almost rated it as a four or five simply for the atmosphere and the general balls it took to open a restaurant in this part of town, where only bars and liquor stores seem to survive.  But I like to review on food, and I think it needs a little more work, like any new restaurant, so expect an update soon.The kids from MJQ have certainly come a very long way, and surprise me with their concise business sense and ability to build an establishment from the ground up.  The interiors are surprising and comfortable, and the place boasts a patio that I can wait to try once the season begins.Juice: The drinks were good, but its left up to the patron to design ones own cocktail, since there is no mixology menu, just a wine, beer and hard liquor lists... but you might run into an issue trying to play bartender, we struck out three times on things out of stock, but when we got what we could get, it was not to shabby at all - maybe the transition from serving hipsters rum and cokes in plastic cups is gonna take a little longer, but they re on the right path.Nosh:  Chef Julia shocked me at first with a very pedestrian menu that seems to clash with her elitist resume... but bitting the bullet and diving in proved little disappointment.  A few things to steer clean from are the odd 'fusion' offerings (i.e., collard spring rolls, etc), which obviously need some refining.  Sticking to the basic and tradition stuff proves delightful... some of our favorites included fish sticks, turkey sandwich and soup f the day (which was cowboy chili).The surprising show stopper?  Funnel cakes, with cinnamon ice cream and served, as they should be, on a paper plate... so delicious we ordered seconds... okay, I lie, and thirds.All in all, needs some refinement, but its not to say that continuing support from the community doesn't promote positive development, especially when you put up shop in such a rough neighborhood.  Check it out.
<review# 1659,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2009,1/30/2010,216,468,5,11,12>A little bit of Nihon right in little-old Doraville. I really like this place and enjoyed a delicious meal of small plates recently with Tulie L.We ordered a smattering of dishes:*Fried oysters -- big and juicy*Chicken liver teriyaki skewers -- just okay. Hard to taste the teriyaki sauce over the strong flavor of liver.*Teppan yakisoba -- probably the best plate of the evening, savory sauce with thin slices of pork, cabbage, etc. tossed in the soba noodles, all fried up in a pan. *Okonomiyaki -- just okay, although a bit on the thick side. I like larger bonito flakes that you can really see dancing in the heat but they use a smaller variety. Not as fun!*Spicy tuna roll -- quite pedestrian but fresh and tasty.*California roll -- hard to make a bad one of these.The service was good, and the best part is if you're lacking anything, just push the "service button" at your table and they come a-runnin'. The green tea was nice, too. As a sumo wrestler would say after stuffing himself on a tasty meal... "Gotzan!"
<review# 1660,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2009,1/29/2010,357,369,19,22,25>Best Fruit Cup, Atlanta Magazine 2007  lottafrutta.com/ATLmag.pBest Natural Treatment for Seasonal Affective Disorder, Undiagnosed S.A.D Sufferers Who Spend Too Much Time Online Support GroupBest Use of the Action Is Font, Curly Font Society & Sewing Circle  Best Musical Soundtrack for the Consumption of Exotic Fruits and Impromptu Mambo LessonBest Use of Guajillo Chiles on Something That Isn't SoupFriendliest Service North of the EquatorYummiest Unexpected Little Treat for the Ecuadorian Roasted Corn KernelsMost Vibrant Addition to O4W NeighborhoodHighest Concentration of Awesome Per Square Foot+5 delectable stars.
<review# 1661,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2009,1/28/2010,193,304,2,6,4>El Rey is a solid after-party stop.  I can't count the times I've stopped by after midnight to get cheap, hearty grubs while sobering up.  Taco toppings are many, including delicious beef cheek, tongue, pork belly, and the always reliable carne asada.  Not so good were goat (too spicy, too dry) and chorizo (taste of nothing but hot pepper).  If you are adventurous you might try the chitlin taco, which is not so common.  Texture was crunchy rather than chewy.  I wasn't exactly impressed by this.  Tacos come simply with small dollop of sauce and onions.  Tortilla is single layer only, but quite decent.  I am a fan of the condiments which include good sauces and a ton of fresh limes.  I like the burritos and tortas here as well.  Burritos are simply fat, wrapped up versions of the tacos.  Tortas are made delicious by the simple but satisfying bread...it's got a great crust and not soggy at all.  They have a special combo platter that's kind of an overkill and I'd recommend two people sharing, as it comes with a lot of meat.  The beauty of this dish is that after you are done, there's a fat tortilla at the bottom that's been sopping up all the sauces.  Mmm.  Reminds me of the bed of injera bread on a plate of Ethiopian dinner.  Seafood cocktails are very popular in the late hours and I've tried a couple different ones.  The tomato sauce was tart and refreshing.  Seafood quality was mediocre but quantity was impressive.  I would much prefer to pay the same price for a smaller but better tasting ceviche, I think.  Interior is very simple.  A couple big TV screens.  Nothing to write home about.  It took me a few visits to figure out that they automatically add about 18% gratuity to the check.  I bet they make a ton of tips from people too drunk to notice!
<review# 1662,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2009,1/25/2010,817,996,3,3,8>Eagle-Virgin No More!!Had such a good time last night - the Eagle definitely landed! David K. and I mosied on over a little earlier than planned, and were later joined by the fabulous LeahandMark.com duo, Empress Kathleen and Jason R. By the time everyone arrived, David and I had met some regulars - also there out in support of The Eagle, post-raid - and made friends with the nice bartender.Cool spot, interesting people, totally fun and different for me on a Friday night . . . and there were jello shots!! What's not to love?Long Live The Eagle.
<review# 1663,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/17/2009,1/24/2010,140,143,7,4,4>Want to get hit on by a 60 something dude?  Head to the Righteous Room.  At least, that's what happened to me last Friday night.  I have to hand it to him, he was really persistent.  Kept offering to buy my drinks, talking about how much we had in common after our 20 minute conversation, and then actually said, "So, shall we get out of here?"  Yeah, you get out of here!Scenes like that are exactly why I love the Righteous Room - you never know what's gonna happen.  It's a fantastic place to get a beer before or after a movie at the Plaza.  The prices are reasonable and the bartenders tend to have the heavy hand when pouring.  I like sitting at the bar, or outside if the weather is nice.  I also love that they serve champagne in splits!The food is good, too.  I haven't eaten there in a while, and I think the menu has changed a bit, but I remember liking the hummus plate and the veggie sammich.I generally run in to someone I know.  Which really gives it that Cheers feel.  Or maybe it's just that my circles are starting to connect.  No matter.  Go and have fun.  Just be sure to have your geezer gear on.  Shields up!
<review# 1664,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2010,1/23/2010,161,173,3,4,3>I dropped in on a insanely cold day. Feeling a lot like the kid in Campbells' commercial. Frozen solid and dieing for some tasty hot liquid. Soup to be precise. I was the only patron at the time. I asked the server to recommend something for me. She said she liked the sour cabbage fish soup. I could tell she was a tad hesitant to suggest her choice to a round eye with a thick southern accent. But she did say it was her favorite. It was fan-fuggin-tastic. I so miss good genuine Chinese food.  Let's be honest most Chinese in the south is deep fried fluorescent goo cover garbage. Judging by friends suggestions and the menu here. I think this is about as good as it gets in any strip mall in the south. The soup was unbelievably good. I spent a half hour savoring it's flavor and aroma. While eavesdropping on the birthday party of loud, poorly behaved morons that drifted in.  I truly detest they way some folks behave themselves when eating out in general. Much less when there is a slight language barrier. Any who, the sour cabbage fish soup was heavenly . The broth was savory and perfectly sour. With a strong white pepper finish. The cabbage wasn't  overly cooked at all. The fish pieces were large and solid. I devoured an entire family serving. I left pondering what to try on my next visit.
<review# 1665,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2009,1/22/2010,89,621,,5,5>I had the famous 10:00pm burger at 12:30, today. it's true, the burger is on the Sunday Brunch menu! We got there at  about 12:15 and there were already about 15 people waiting for the doors to open. I had no idea how tiny this place was. We grabbed a seat at the communal table and happily ordered the burgers. We started with the pimento cheese spread. It's served with some sesame cracker bread, pretty tasty. Three of us had the burgers and the other person had the chicken fried steak. Burger was very good and I can see why people would wait in line for it. The onion rings were too greasy and soggy for me, but the others all seemed to enjoy them. My friend said the chicken fried steak was good, but he was bummed he did not order the burger! We also ordered two cups of the punch and we were sorry we did not order the pitcher. Perfect way to start the day and not too sweet. Service was fast, which is a good thing because by 1:00 there was a huge line of people waiting to get a table. I don't think I would try and squeeze in here at night, but I know I will be back for brunch, soon!
<review# 1666,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2009,1/21/2010,474,1389,3,6,5>Awesome happy hour.  Loved it so much when Tulie got the group together that I convinced one of my organizations to have a happy hour there a few weeks later.  After all, you can't beat $1 oysters and $13 lobster.  While the service is mostly impressive (automatically splitting checks for large parties!), the bar service is highly variable.  While my situation was nothing like Adam R's pineapple martini roulette, I was miffed when my blackberry lemonade did not have fresh blackberries, the way the others at the table did.  But for a $6 cocktail, I guess you're taking your chances!  While the bellinis are good (though they look more like mimosas than bellinis), my favorite is the Gentleman's cocktail, mainly on account of the fresh berries that make it taste so light and refreshing.I've only eaten off the happy hour menu, since those deals were impressive enough for me.  The cheesy drop biscuits are served with deliciously fluffy whipped butter - thank goodness they only put one on your plate, because if it had been a basket, I wouldn't have been able to resist.  Yes, the lobster is good, but the tuna tartar, with it's mix of spicy oil and thin-sliced cucumbers is delicious!
<review# 1667,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2009,1/20/2010,94,110,3,3,5>Many thanks to Ivan and his lovely bride, who referred us to Jason for our wedding photography.  Jason is an awesome guy, and his assistant Bonnie is equally fabulous.  They really captured all the emotion, excitement, and super crazy fun of our wedding.  We LOVE our photos, and we have sooooo many!  It's now been three months since our wedding, and I still keep looking at our photos every day and trying to decide which ones to frame.We're also discovering that the photos make great gifts!  Most people don't splurge on getting professional photos taken, and Jason took tons of amazing shots of our friends and family - many of them candid- so it's been lots of fun sharing the photos with everyone! Jason climbed into trees, squatted under tables, and got into all kinds of crazy positions to get the best shots.  He also gave great direction for the formal shots to get everyone in the right position.  We couldn't be happier with the photos, and we definitely recommend Jason to anyone out there looking for a fantastic photographer.
<review# 1668,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/14/2009,1/18/2010,98,509,12,6,5>If you're annoyed by buffets since you have to get up and get your own food (the horror!), but still want the convenience of being able to eat within 30 seconds of entering,  dim sum is the style of eating for you!You just sit there, and ladies that know 10% english come by and serve you random asian food from their carts. It's fun just to point and random stuff and try what it is. What will be inside this bun you've just got? Pork? veggies? and eyeball? Who knows? It's like christmas day in your mouth.All the stuff I had what excellent. I really liked the chung beuon, smong smong, and fat yun yun. At least that's what i think they're called. I really have no idea.All the food was fresh and I only dropped $16 for meal, tax, and tip. Go with a big group of people so if you choose something crappy from one of the carts, someone else might like it. I'm looking at you chicken feet!I also recommend going with someone who looks asian. They'll bring you crazier food. I've never had them bring me eyeball soup when I've just been with my white friends.Go, enjoy, it's an experience well worth it!
<review# 1669,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2009,1/17/2010,35,52,3,11,9>Yes!  Another great restaurant in the hood.  Midtown, your days as the go-to place for the best that Atlanta has to offer are numbered... numbered, indeed.Welcome to SOPO and even So20, South of Ponce and South of 20. This is where it is all happening now.. What you won't find... million-dollar lofts, 2-lb dogs, and mandals.  What you will find is an eclectic, energetic, and hungry community.As part of this community, I have long hungered for more tasty East-Asian food that does not come from a place that also sells Philly cheese steaks, and Buffalo wings.  Well, my hunger pangs were loud enough that Spoon answered with their second venue near us on the border between East Atlanta Village and Ormewood Park.  Add Grant Park, and honorary Cabbage Town, you have So20.So far we have only done take-out from here.  We spied them on a regular trip to the establishment next door (Morelli's Ice cream!), when I grabbed one of their menus.  A few days later, we just had to try them out (okay, then next day later).  I ordered the Kang Keaw Wan -- Green Curry, and the wife Beef Pad Kee Mao (there might as well not be anything else on the menu for her), we topped that with a side of basil rolls for an app.  The food was ready in 15 minutes, and was very reasonably priced ($30).The hostess was highly personable,  made sure that everything was satisfactory, and let us know that they will soon be getting their liquor license.  While the Thai-tini can stay in Midtown for all I care, booze is definitely appreciated in So20.The food... where do I start about the food?  The basil rolls were very fresh, they were clearly made to order, as they had that snap, that  elasticity that only comes with a fresh roll. The peanut sauce that came with them was sweet at first, but hit you with a good burn.  Then we moved on to our Pad-Kea-Mow and Curry dishes.  Again, there was that snap, another great spice, and another, and wait, more snap, more new and fresh tastes and tingles.  This place was all about fresh ingredients and over-indulgent, and complimentary spices.  Portions were good too, enough to feel full, but not so that we can make a whole second meal out of leftovers.  We enjoyed everything tremendously.I am cautious about giving out 5-stars after just one experience, but will do so here.  No fear, I will be back soon, and will not hesitate to dock, if necessary.  Lets just hope that it doesn't come to that.Welcome Spoon.  I need a fork.(edit: I have now done takeout 3-times and stand by my review--those that say portions are too small are crazy..they're just not oversized).
<review# 1670,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/21/2009,1/16/2010,59,126,2,9,6>Hit Ormsby's up for lunch today, my second visit, though the first was just to drink so today was the first chance I had to eat the food. I liked the fries, and the gravy dipping sauce. Also had the corn dog with sriracha mayo dipping sauce. The "corn dog" exterior was more of a regular frying batter found on chicken fingers, but it was fairly tasty, and it was a large portion for the $. I had the burger with mushrooms and provolone; it was a behemoth of a sandwich. The White Oaks beef was cooked perfectly, though I expected a more exciting natural flavor in the beef from such a good purveyor. I had a grass fed burger in California at Zin a few weeks back, and was astounded by the flavor that could be achieved from quality, local ground beef. Maybe I'm jaded now. Beer selection is above average, and our service was great. I see myself spending a lot of time in the downstairs area, where they have the bocce, darts, and pool tables (among other games). Only 2 miles from home, so even better. Worth a visit. Located directly below the furniture store that is next door to Abattoir (park in the same free deck as Abattoir/West Egg).
<review# 1671,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/25/2009,1/15/2010,129,504,4,7,4>Last night was the dream of a sanguine (as I am): we went to THREE, count 'em, THREE different places in one night.I really dig that.So, the first one we went to was here - miracles of miracles, we actually got to the High EARLY (not, unfortunately, my hallmark) for the flick we had in mind to see.  My dear fainting rose confessed a need for nourishment and Table was right there.Ensconcing her at the bar, I dashed off to buy the movie tickets.  Upon my return, what did I find?A lovely glass of something Spanish and red and three delightful tapas.  My wife, bubbling with delight, shared with me that ALL of the 5 tapas listed were gluten free.  We had:1) The marcona almonds2) Serrano ham wrapped dates stuffed with a marcona almond and blue cheese3) OlivesWow.All good.
<review# 1672,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/26/2009,1/14/2010,81,256,3,5,5>I'm not a huge bar person, and I always forget that CS is there, just hidden away a block from my place. They've got a great selection of bar food, and a nice selection of libations to choose from. Their $3 house beer is A-OK as well, and the staff couldn't be nicer. There's also a very good chance you'll see Yelp Atlanta's Yelper-in-chief Kathleen M. there :)
<review# 1673,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/8/2009,1/13/2010,196,217,3,4,4>Just a quickie:Fun atmosphere- especially during Steelers games when the crowd is cheerful and rowdy (assuming they are winning, of course!)Very good chicken fingers and waffle fries....mmmmm....Friendly, efficient, accurate service, even when crowded and our entire group pays by separate checks! HUGE glasses for ice water and Diet Coke so minimal refills even needed!Only downside is that it is SMOKY and there is limited parking with forced valet, even in afternoons on Sunday.
<review# 1674,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2009,1/12/2010,343,405,4,6,6>Best day to go to Gilbert's?  Sunday for karaoke!  This past Sunday I grabbed Josh K and we went to Gilbert's to see my friends Josh R, Chad and Nathan perform.  I hear they are pretty good singers and have been wanting to hear them sing for sometime now.  The place was pretty packed with people waiting to sing, hanging out at the bar and/or eating dinner.I love the mango mojitos here and need to be regulated on how many I drink since you can easily suck down 5 of these in less than 30 min!  After the guys first song set, we decided to grab some stuff to snack on.  I ordered my favorite thing on the menu, which is the veggie platter.  You get grilled squash, zucchini, and red peppers with sauteed spinach and a heaping scoop of hummus.   Chad and Josh K had the grilled chicken pizza and mini burgers with fries.  Seriously, this place has a pretty diverse menu that can fit any ones palate!As for the karaoke...all I can say is WOW...the people performing do not joke around and are pretty awesome.  I think they spend a few hours before hand practicing in front of a mirror!  Josh R, Chad and Nathan were amazing and could seriously have been in this years top 13 for American Idol.  I was impressed!!!  The night would have not been complete without a bit of peer pressure as Josh K signed both of us up to sing "No Scrubs."  Yeah, I won't be doing that again with Josh K anytime soon! Always a good time, plus its something different than a typical bar!  Karaoke is on Wed and Sun and I think they even have Wii nights.  Hope to run into you at the next Sunday Funday!
<review# 1675,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2009,1/11/2010,145,240,2,8,4>GF and I managed to hit up a few highly Yelped places this past week/weekend and this was right at the top of our list. I'm not a fan of valet parking and bypassed (drove past) them completely. Was glad they didn't make a scene or guilt us about avoiding their "service" upon our arrival or farewell.4th and Swift is a very attractive and well laid-out restaurant. The bar cleanly runs down the center of the building and leaves two distinct areas. The bar side, where we sat (sans reservation), was dark and echoed ever so slightly with the conversations reflecting from the opposing dining room. The dining room is quite spacious and much lighter/brighter looking than the bar area. Honestly, I'm glad we were in the bar as the darkness and seclusion was a nice touch to our evening.We looked at the menu online prior to coming but knew that with the promise of a market menu, we shouldn't concern ourselves too much with what we wanted until we could see all of the offerings. After perusing all the options, we decided on two small plates and one large. They start you out with some delicious cheddar biscuits (still not Red Lobster) and some really spectacular artisan cracker type things.From the market menu, we chose (and forgive me for forgetting the name of the dish) a pasta dish featuring fresh scallops. This was the highlight of the meal for me and the flavor pairings in the dish were some of the most satisfying I've had in recent memory and it was prepared perfectly. I could eat this happily almost every day and it wouldn't get old.Dish # 2 was the Duck "Pot Pie."  This small plate was delicious as well. It tasted a bit like a sweet amalgam of Asian and southern BBQ. The presentation was a little underwhelming however - Rather than the entire filling being wrapped in dough and baked, they threw a puff-pastry biscuit in top of the duck. Hardly how I envisioned it, but can't say it didn't taste good though.Last, we had the quintessential "Three Little Pigs." The pork loin, which I expected to enjoy the most, left a little something to be desired. Also the slice was a tad meager. The belly was amazing. I'd never had pork belly in a thick cube like this and the fat had literally melted (imagine creamy fat) in the cooking process and was even more flavorful than initially anticipated. The house-made sausage was also a standout and while it featured the simplest flavors of the bunch, it delivered exactly what I wanted. The macaroni and cheese was pretty good as well.I almost forgot (and logically for good reason) that we also ordered one of the dessert specials that evening. It was a chocolate tart featuring chocolate-chip whipped cream and caramel almond pop corn. This dessert was a fail for me. The tart wasn't chocolaty enough and the caramel popcorn was tough and stuck to my teeth.  One last thing. Since we were just a party of two and ordered three dishes, the waitress did a more than fine job of turning our order into a three-course meal. Props. This service was more than appreciated.When we return to 4th, and we will, I would opt to go the route of small plates altogether; it seems like one has many more options to choose from and they run less than half the price of a large plate but are still decent sized portions.
<review# 1676,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2009,1/10/2010,131,65,2,7,6>Taco T's is my go to place for tasty cheap "fast" Mexican food. I say "fast" because it's not really but it's a lot faster than a sit down place and it's a LOT tastier than Taco Hell. I usually get 4 or 5 crunchy chicken or beef tacos for a $1 each. There is a very small dining area. The hours aren't great but what can you expect from an independent shop. The place can look kind of dark as you approach especially at night but don't be afraid of it. As long as the "OPEN" light is on, go on in or drive up.
<review# 1677,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/23/2009,1/9/2010,220,93,12,12,16>My hair still smells like smoked meat.There are cute kitschy farm animal decorations on the walls and the counters.  It almost made me feel guilty about the pound and a half of brisket I'd ordered.  But after biting into the first succulent tender morsel, I got over it.My order wasn't quite ready when I arrived, so they offered me a cup full of "redneck lasagna" to tide me over.  If you aren't familiar, this tasty dish is a mixture of their mac & cheese with Brunswick stew--it's their Monday special.  If nothing else, get the mac & cheese, they're liberal with the cheese and use rigatoni in place of macaroni--it's delicious.The staff is welcoming and personable, and they pay attention to the little touches that will certainly keep me coming back.
<review# 1678,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2009,1/8/2010,705,321,21,15,16>Deep fried corn on the cob?Stop pretending like that's normal! I was horrified until I tasted it! Grub-u-licious! It makes the corn taste nutty! Who would have guessed?I think I prefer mine fresh off the BBQ with a squeeze of lime and a dash of salt, but if nobody was looking... I'd do it again! Danielle, our waitress, was amazing! She couldn't have been more positive or patient! I will love her smile with all my heart until the day I die! The whole establishment emulated her presence... comfortable, pretentionless, and friendly! Great staff + darkness+ calf sized PBR's - Pretension = Love.Minus one star for my lung cancer, whom I've affectionately named "Mr. Local".
<review# 1679,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2009,1/7/2010,338,442,1,7,5>One dish you HAVE to get:  "Pogo" Chicken.  (Ji pai fan)Lightly breaded, deep fried, marinated cutlets of tender, moist chicken thighs on top of rice covered in a tasty gravy consisting of ground pork with pickled mustard greens and cabbage on the side.  There was definitely generous use of 5 spice powder and sugar in flavoring/marinating the chicken- it just sings in your mouth...er...or makes me want to sing? Ever since I tasted this dish, I have not ceased to order it upon repeated visits to the Chinatown food court (hey, we're not the richest kids around).  I keep telling myself to 'diversify' my palate like I'm supposed to with my portfolio, but it's going to take something ridiculously spectacular to make me order something in its stead. Oh, and price?  $5.50 AFTER tax.  Gals and guys with limited stomach space can easily make 2 meals out of the portions given.  Cash only.
<review# 1680,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/14/2009,1/6/2010,440,453,6,8,6>After reading a number of reviews on yelp about this place, I decided I needed to give it a shot.Its located in this really busy plaza off of 10th Street downtown.  After a brief fight to find a park mid afternoon, I walked into this quaint doughnut shop not really knowing what to expect.The doughnut selection was sparse...i attribute this to being a small business, and in the middle of the afternoon.I selected the Caramel Apple Fritter, Reesces Pieces Doughnut, and Mango Glaze.All of them were pretty damn good, but the Mango glaze was not as "mango tasting" as I expected.  Nevertheless I washed all three of them thangs down with a nice cold glass of water.Of course this is going to put my azz in the gym for an extra 30 minutes.  But no worries, Ill take it:)The owner was really nice engaged in conversation, and suggested that I tell more ppl if i liked the doughnuts....so, I like em...definitely a good change from Krispy Kreme or Dunkin Doughnuts (gross).
<review# 1681,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/16/2009,1/5/2010,94,50,5,7,6>OK, I like cupcakes.  So when we saw the sign for this place go up, I was as giddy as ever.  Seriously, ever.  The size of these cupcakes are decent - not super big ones, not super small ones either.  A little bigger than the kind you'd make at home from a box mix while trying to get the number they tell you a box mix should make.  Which you never make as many as they say.Here's the thing: box mix cupcakes might taste better than these.  Tried the Chocolate Raspberry Almond Cream and the Red Velvet.   The chocolate one tasted like chocolate, but definitely not raspberry.  And the one I was looking forward to definitely did not taste like red velvet which was very disappointing.  It didn't have that tart taste you get from the buttermilk.While the cake was moist - in fact, too moist to the point of super oily - the frosting was super sweet.  Even for this girl that loves sugar, it was tooth achingly sweet.I hope they figure out their recipe soon.  Cause like I said, I was really giddy and looking forward to this place.  Not as giddy now.  Seriously.
<review# 1682,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/9/2009,1/4/2010,469,375,3,9,7>Excellent Chongqing / Sichuan food in large portions at low prices!Crispy chicken in garlic sauce - tender pieces of chicken, lightly battered and fried with spicy, sweet garlic sauce.  4.75 starsShui zhu yu (boiled fish in spicy chili oil).- Spicy, savory, succulent, and tender.  I think the fish came from the freezer, but it was one of the best frozen fish I ever ate. 4.5 stars.Ma po tofu - very spicy and flavorful silken tofu.  4 stars.Lamb - spicy, Northern Chinese flavor.  I liked this even though some of my Chinese friends did not.  4 stars.Niu rou mian / Beef noodle soup - very good and hearty, but not spicy.  I found it slightly blander than other beef noodle soups in Atlanta, but it was still great comfort food.  3 stars.Bok choy + mushroom dish - reminded me of my mom's home cooking.  delicious and savory, but blander vegetarian dish, marinated in corn starch and a little salt.  3.5 stars.
<review# 1683,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2009,1/3/2010,183,150,4,7,3>I really, really, really like this place!!  The service is awesome! I especially love the free pizza bar on Friday nights and taco bar on Thurs nights. In this current economy it is good to know that there are places here in Atlanta that care enough to feed the broke and  hungry for the price of a beer. Thank you Carolyn's Gourmet Cafe ...I am forever grateful!!
<review# 1684,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/22/2009,1/2/2010,149,144,5,6,5>I've considered becoming a vegetarian several times in my life, however, it's restaurants like Porto Brasil that keeps me from making that leap!  I love meat!  Porto Brasil reminds me of why I love it so much.  The tenderloin beef, garlic beef, parmesan crusted pork, chicken wings, chicken heart, etc... and as much as I want all for $11!  Now you know why I can't give up meat.  Mmm... I still taste the meat in my breath 2 hours later.  Now that's good stuff!
<review# 1685,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2009,1/1/2010,151,479,3,6,5>Ok, so I'm not at all qualified to write a review of an event center after attending one event, but I feel compelled to point out a rare, important feature: a coat check!You know how many "up-scale" restaurants, etc. expect you to lug your coat around and dodge the wait staff while dressing and undressing among patrons who really don't want to be bothered?  AUGH.  Spring4th has a coat check.  I'm not sure if every event uses it...  Note well, event planners, that a coat check lets your attendees feel like respected people rather than merely customers.The rest?  The space is nice.  The large room in back was packed with vendors this time, but I can see it being open for other uses.  Trash was bussed quickly and effectively (yeah, trash, but how many attendees use correct recycling containers even when available?).  Plenty of rest rooms.  Perhaps the most important point is that I paid more attention to the event than the space.  It's within walking distance for me, but there appears to be plenty of parking nearby.I'll be back for other events.  Maybe it's shallow, but the coat check bumps this place up.
<review# 1686,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2009,12/31/2009,194,166,1,8,8>I guess for my 100th review, I'll be what seems to be the 100th person to review this new burger "boutique" featuring Chef Richard Blais's culinary creations. First of all, what is up with the current fixation on calling everything a "boutique"? Like when I visited the Blush Lounge in Vegas, which billed itself as a "boutique" nightclub. I guess it's a way to let people know that you'll get something new, trendy and exciting in a somewhat small and cozy location. That's how I can sum up my lunch experience at Flip Burger Boutique: new, trendy and exciting. I'm not sure how long this restaurant will last, but I think it's a great new edition to Howell Mill in Atlanta's upper west side. The decor is plush, the atmosphere is loungey elegance and the food is pretty darn good. I tried the rBq, which was a perfectly cooked burger with pulled pork brisket on top with some cole slaw. It was amazing! I added a side of the vodka onion rings and was able to try the fries and fried rutabaga. All were very good especially the onion rings that I dipped in the chipotle-smoked mayonnaise. Service was pretty good for the place only being opened for a couple weeks. I was disappointed that I didn't get to try the sweet potato tots. The waiter explained that since many people were complaining about how long it was taking to get the sides, they decided to only offer certain things for dinner. I was also bummed that Chef Blais had already left on holiday break, so I wasn't able to meet him but we did get to chat it up with the owner who explained why he chose the location instead of somewhere in Midtown (for a free-standing building). But either way, I'll definitely be back to check out the evening crowd and some more burgers and a nitrogen milkshake -- the Shrimp Po Boyger and Krispy Kreme shake look really good! P.S. WARNING: Do not come here looking for massive burgers. They are like the size of two sliders put together with at least 1/4 pound of meat. If you are starving, you might want to order two burgers.. However, I found myself adequately full from a burger and a side.
<review# 1687,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2009,12/30/2009,489,857,4,8,4>I remember going to my first Thai restaurant in the late 90's. We drove pretty far into Buckhead to get there. The food was unique, and I liked the curry. It was different than the Japanese or Korean curry I was used to. I can't remember what the place was called, but I'm sure it's still in Buckhead.Back then, there weren't many Thai restaurants around in Atlanta. Now you can go to Thai places anywhere in Atlanta. I ate so much Thai food over the years that all Thai places started to taste the same. They were all decent, but it wasn't anything special.So I went to this place called Red Elephant Thai Cuisine. It's located in this old strip mall at Windy Hill. I didn't think it would be anything fancy. I thought it would be just another Thai place. Surprisingly, this place impressed me. It is a fairly new place--they don't even have their liqueur license yet.Normally, I don't care much for the ambiance and plating.  But I want to comment on them. During lunch time, this place becomes a trendy, lounge-like place with house music playing in the background. The music isn't distracting and obnoxious like Ru-sans. It actually fits the atmosphere. On nights, they try to make it romantic by dimming the lights and playing easy listening crap in the background. I was a bit disappointed in that. I was hoping for some nice deep house.Also, the plates are the modern Asian, square plates and their drink glasses look like bongs. Also, they carefully plate their food instead of just dumping the food on the plate. Not only that, when you order a drink, they tie the straw wrapper in a cool, funky way. This attention to detail is an unexpected surprise at a strip mall Thai place.Since they're a new place and have no liqueur license, they are dead during dinner time (lunch time is a different story with all the offices around there). So their service is awesome. Since you're probably going to be the only customer there, they take care of you very well.So how's the food? It's great! I actually love this Thai place. Their sweet chili sauce is the best I've tasted. I actually thought they made the sauce themselves, but they buy it at some Asian super market. But that's okay. It's how you use the ingredients that counts.The ingredients themselves are used very well and are fresh. Most of their dishes are flavorful. My favorite dish is the glass noodle special dish. They don't have it on the menu, and they only offer it as a special. So make sure to pay attention to the waitresses'  thick, Thai accents for the word, "glass noodle," when they talk about the specials. If they mention it, make sure to try it out if you're a Thai noodle lover. Their other dishes are decent too. Their Pad Zee Yu is great, and their curry is decent.I normally don't have favorite Thai places because you can get similar quality food at every Thai place you go to. And I don't crave Thai when I'm looking for a place to eat. But this is a place I would go repeatedly. My only complaint is that they are a lot more pricey compared to other normal Thai restaurants (unless you're used to fancy-smancy Thai places like Tamarind Thai or Nan). But since they're new and trying to get business, they have coupons! So with the coupons, this place becomes an incredible deal.
<review# 1688,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2009,12/29/2009,158,678,12,31,14>Assuming I have the ability and strength to battle the crowds here, this is one of my absolute favorite places to shop for groceries. I've been coming here for years with my family, and it's always a treat to get to go - just don't forget your helmet and knee pads - the battle between the aisles can get pretty brutal!Coming here is like visiting the entire planet in one building. Most of the workers are from other countries and in some cases, don't even speak English. Yet that's what I love - they're always friendly even if they don't understand "I want half a pound of ham sliced thin!" If you're able to do the delicate point-at-what-you-want-hand-signal dance, you'll find your cart full of freshly made dips and salads, fresh fish (which can be prepped any way you like if whole fish isn't your thing), and a great selection of meats. This is all just within the first section of this place! Add in a large dairy and pasta section, and you've just met a fourth of the store. Congrats!The middle of the store is for breads and pastries, many freshly made that day. Yes, this section is a fourth of the store, I kid you not. Banana Nut Bread? Okay! Everything Bagels? You got it! If it's a type of bread, it's somewhere in this area. Don't need a full loaf? No problem! Take it to the back and they'll gladly half the loaf - and the price - for you. Perfect for a single person or a couple. No one like to pay $3 for fresh bread and have most of it get eaten by mold, so this option to half loaves is wonderful!Now it's the next fourth of the store, which is your fruits, veggies, and spices. Organic and regular fruits and vegetables from around the globe fill the baskets to the point of overflowing, but that's no matter. Before you have a chance to fight your way to that heaping pile of bananas, 50 other people have had the same idea and the bananas are already being replenished. If you're in need of an exotic vegetable or fruit, chances are it's here. If it's not, I'm sorry but it doesn't exist! Now for spices... BUY THEM HERE. For a couple bucks you can get a large tub of nearly every spice known to man. It'll last you a long, long time and cost you next to nothing - why buy $6 tiny jars of McCormick ever again?The last fourth of the store is occupied by your processed/boxed foods. Crackers, wines, syrups, candies - it's all here. From the exotic to the normal, they have an extensive selection. Now if you're looking for freezer foods, look elsewhere; then again, who needs a frozen meal when you've got everything fresh at your finger tips? Coffee and freshly cut flowers are also on this half of the store, leaving a nice smell permeating the air. Ah...The last stop is the cafeteria. It's good. No, wait, it's excellent. You've got to eat here. It may be cash only, but it's worth a trip to the bank! For about $5, you've got two plates overflowing with food from all over the world, prepped right there fresh everyday. The quality is excellent and you can't beat the price! The only downside are the crowds, but that just comes with the territory.Two things to remember if you come here: The place is COLD. I don't care if it's 100 degrees outside and you're in an outfit that would make a hooker blush - bring a jacket! You'll be sorry if you don't and wishing you could jump into that vat of soup in the cafeteria. If you plan on paying with plastic, it MUST be a debit card. Credit cards are not accepted! Cash is preferred at check out, but you can also use a check if it is pre-approved at customer service. Don't forget and hold up the line - it's backed up enough as it is sometimes!
<review# 1689,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2009,12/28/2009,1772,1772,5,13,9>Let me first start off by saying, I am not a pizza connoisseur.  The reason I came to this place is because of all the hype it's been receiving here on Yelp.  My friends and I ordered the Margherita D.O.P ($17) with pepperoni (+$4).  The pizza came out fast and was served to us directly on the tray.  This is more of a takeout place.  There is no place to sit down and eat, but if you do decide to eat here, you can stand and eat at the wooden counters along the windows or at the large communal table in the center of the store.  So don't expect to come here for a nice sit-down dinner.  Also, they don't provide any eating utensils and if you decide to get drinks, they have bottled water, peach tea, and various Italian drinks in a fridge near the pay counter (no tap water).  The pizza itself was very good and my friends agreed.  It's probably some of the best pizza I've ever had and we gobbled it down pretty fast.  Giovanni, the owner, came out to speak with us while we ate.  He told us how the store just opened 10 days ago and how surprised he was at how powerful the "blogs" were in getting all these people to come out to his new store.  Fox 5 was just at Antico before we came and they wanted to do a piece on his restaurant.  Very authentic restaurant and I'll be coming back for more.
<review# 1690,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2009,12/27/2009,458,1067,14,14,12>People often ask me what it means to be a "Local Atlanta Celebrity." You'd think that would be an easy answer since I pretty much created the title, but it's kinda hard to put into words.  Most of what makes me a true LAC is being David K.  It's lots of intangible things that I can't give away, yet somehow only I possess... but I digress...The opening of a new venue in the space that was formerly The Gold Club creates a lot of buzz, so obviously I was on the guest list for their Grand Opening (actually, I'll go ahead and admit that I was someone else's +1).  Everything about this place made me feel like a celebrity. Photographers. Guest list. Champagne. Interesting people. Dramatic fire dancers. So, to help answer your question... having a good time at Gold Room is what it means to be a Local Atlanta Celebrity.Honestly, I didn't really expect too much. I figured they hosed down the floor, slapped on a new coat of paint, and then used Wite-Out to update their liquor license. Thankfully I was wrong. Really wrong. They actually got it right. Kudos to whoever planned the guest list that evening because the crowd was PERFECT. Everyone was having a great time and the mix of people was amazingly diverse and consistently upscale.  Hopefully they continue to attract the right people.The experience inside is awesome. Lots of bars and lots of staff.  There were times when I wanted to be downstairs amid the busy people... and then when I wanted to escape I just went upstairs to sit and people watch behind the big glass windows.My only complaint is the mandatory valet. It's free (unlike Whiskey Blue... *ahem*), but I would prefer to park my own car.  I actually tried to pay to leave it in the parking deck next door at Lindbergh Plaza.  Unfortunately, that's not allowed and I was turned away by a MARTA cop and another guard screening patrons as they pulled up to the deck.
<review# 1691,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2009,12/26/2009,179,339,6,10,9>I love the creative flavors that Morelli's offers. They are more than happy to let you taste as many flavors as you like to aid in the all important selection process!  On my last visit, I was going to have the Papa Smurf but I was one customer to far down the line - the person ahead of me got the last of it.  So, I ordered the dulce de leche which was a totally different direction from the Papa Smurf.  But hey, I had to think quick. I ordered a double in a waffle bowl and enjoyed every bite.  The ice cream was rich, creamy with great flavor and the waffle bowl was fresh and crisp.  Add the two together = heaven.  mmm!In addition to the creative ice cream flavors, Morelli's has some cool promotions.  The one that caught my eye was the Tuesday night dance for 15 seconds and receive 20% off your purchase.  Definitely, need to check that out - free entertainment while eating my ice cream.
<review# 1692,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/14/2009,12/25/2009,243,486,5,7,7>I love Indian food, have visited India, live near the Indian hood, and have visited every place in a 10 mile radius trying to find my fave.  Hasn't happened yet, but you will know if I find it. I've been here a few times trying to decide if I liked it, and this last time sealed it. YES.Crispy hot naan? Check.Fresh buffet food with great seasoning and no crust? Check. Christmas music? Check.Here was the funny part. Rock-a-billy xmas tunes. I used to come here when it was Udupi, and they had this zoned out chanting trance music (which I loved, btw) that was a nice accompaniment to the food. Thinking about Santa while eating Sambar was a trip. Especially when the waiter was singing along:Jingle bells, jingle bellsJingle ON THE WAY...SNick snick. Gotta love a dose of humor with your dosa...The yogurt sauce has a nice tang and sweet hit, and these folks make the best chutneys on LHWY. The chicken wings were so tiny, I tried not to think about pigeons, and the okra was stellar. They are not great with fried stuff. Neither is Udipi, same owners. Hint guys: new oil, lighter batter, less fry time.I'll be back.Cheers~
<review# 1693,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2009,12/24/2009,216,175,13,10,12>I still get blamed for dragging my wife from Texas to Atlanta.  Among the reasons she complains: lack of access to the foods she loves.  You'd think that with 3.5 years of yelping, I'd have this stuff down pat, but she has very particular needs: a Corner Bakery within walking distance, a good authentic Indian place (wrong part of town for that), a Mexican restaurant she can tolerate (almost impossible here in the land of ground beef, refried beans and cheese covered slop), and a turkey burger and sweet potato fries as good as the one from Village Burger Bar (yelp.com/biz/village-bur).  We relatively randomly stumbled across the Vortex.  My wife was insisting that I drive the Dallas for some fries and a burger.  I was set to head to Flip, but she considers that a little too fancified, and I was out of options.  I vaguely remembered that Vortex served sweet potato fries, and figured that she'd be able to find some sort of burger to suit her.  She was pretty wary of the digs.  The smoking, the naked women on the walls, the copious tattoos, doesn't make for good first impression to pregnant women.  Those apprehensions disappeared when she tasted the sweet potato fries, and she thought the turkey burger was a close second to the Dallas version.  I appreciated the bison burger option, and loved the tater tots.  All-in-all, a successful meal.  She's already sent me for a re-up, and I think I can safely knock this item off the "wishful things" list.
<review# 1694,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2009,12/23/2009,208,232,8,8,5>Wow JFC...I was craving country food last night so after debating between Glady's, Mary mac's(never tried) and Busy Bee, I decided to brave going to the hood for Busy Bee. I had all 3 menus up on my computer and compared the items on there. Yes, eating iz srs bizness y'all. Last time, i got the oxtails which i decided i do not like so this time, I got smothered chicken with steamed white rice and collard greens for the sides and I asked the lady to add a bread roll too pls. Got there and was able to use my students discount(yay), got some sweet tea and drove away with me wanting to park on the side of the highway to wolf down the food because the aroma flipped my stomach over in a good way.I sipped the sweet tea in the car and honest to God, that is the best sweet tea I have ever had in my life. The amount of sugar in it was enough to give me an "O"...yes, i love sugar. I risked more speeding tickets, got to my destination and ripped open the box to dig into bread, collard greens, chicken and rice as fast as I could open my mouth. I first tried smothered chicken at Gladys and in my mind I was like "Gladys? WTF is that? eff Gladys! This right here is the shiznit!!!!"I couldn't finish the chicken but I sure ate everything else and I plan to consume the rest of it later tonight. Ok so what I've been trying to say is that, the food was awesome. I did good with my choice.
<review# 1695,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2009,12/22/2009,77,125,10,13,8>Hot friggin' damn. Came here for lunch today after an unnecessarily tortuous hour of trying to figure out where to go. Durh! I got an all-beef jumbo dog with ketchup, mustard, onions, relish, chili, and cheese. Yum. Pickle on the side. And a side of baked beans (you have a choice of getting it served hot or cold!). But but but but butbutBUT.... the absolute BEST part as I am sure I have mentioned before are the brownie bites... a delicious, moist, and soft hybrid of a brownie and a cookie packed with chocolaty goodness and dusted with powdered sugar. I don't even LIKE sweets and I swear I will faint from one of these. They weren't in the display case when I checked out but I asked the lady and she said she had some in the back... you know what that means? FRESH freaking out the oven. Yeaaaah.Oh yeah, I got really great service too!
<review# 1696,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/20/2009,12/20/2009,789,691,8,13,10>$21.99 for all-you-can-eat pork belly ("ssahm-gyup-sahl") but make sure everyone in your party is game. Initially a few of us were thinking about getting just the one serving for $15.99 or maybe even ordering other things for variety - but nope, if one person orders it, everyone at the table has to order it. Fortunately everyone in our party of 6 was game. If not, I hear they seat the all-you-can-eat folks at a separate table. Yay for community spirit :)The $21.99 meal includes pork belly, beef brisket, and various accompaniments. We had kimchi (grilled next to the meats), 2 different wraps (rice cake paper and thinly sliced radish), 3 dipping sauces (fermented soybean paste, hot chili sauce, salt/garlic in sesame oil), spicy mixed greens & scallions, jalapenos & garlic (grill these for sure), and delicious fermented soybean soup ("den-jahng-jigae"). Service was great - they came frequently to grill our meats and replenish our sides. Pork belly comes in several different flavors - regular, wine, garlic, fermented soybean paste, and hot pepper paste. We tried everything except the regular. Honestly my taste buds couldn't tell the difference. It's the sauces anyway - at least for me - that do the magic. The other meat, beef brisket, comes in very thin slices, no marinade at all, and again the dipping sauce is key. After you're done with the meat course, you have the option of making spicy fried rice - they'll also ask how many servings you'd like, and whether you want to add your leftover meats and kimchi. The fried rice was very tasty - except w/o the sizzling and crunchy browned parts like they do at Honey Pig b/c Iron Age doesn't fry the rice directly on the grill. Good tip - if you can't finish the fried rice, they will gladly put it in a to-go box. So how does this place compare to Honey Pig? The interiors are strangely almost identical to Honey Pig except they've got a huge video screen playing Korean music videos. Some differences - Iron Age has a more extensive menu, an all-you-can-eat option, no spicy soybean spouts for grilling, their fried rice is grilled on aluminum foil instead of directly on the grill, and no squid tail for entertainment :) Overall, I think maybe I slightly favor Honey Pig? The jury is still out. Definitely experience-worthy for foodies. FYI - they're open until 2am except Sundays (12am).
<review# 1697,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/28/2009,12/19/2009,214,189,4,9,8>Sometime Saturday afternoon, I arrived with Ivan S. and our non-yelping friend, Ian at the Sweet Auburn Market, and we made our way to GKB.  After some confusion, we went to order at the register, and sat down for our respective burgers.  While we waited for our orders, we caught a soundless "Night of the Living Dead" projected on the wall.  As this was my first visit to GKB, I ordered the eponymous Grindhouse-Style double burger.  It arrived hot and wrapped, and I made a mess of my hands eating it.  The cheese on the burger was hot and dripping from the bun, and the patties were clearly handmade based on their irregular shape and the penchant for large chunks to break off and fall into the coagulating cheese.  I would grab those same chunks and dip my fingers into the cheese (and fallen onions) to savor the flavors of each bite.While sadly missing a go-go-dancer Rose McGowan with a machine-gun/rocket-launcher leg, based solely on my initial impression, Grindhouse serves up an excellent burger, and is definitely worthy of another visit.
<review# 1698,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/1/2009,12/18/2009,298,329,6,10,9>Great place for lovers of beer to sample quite an impressive menu. Unfortunately, I'm more of a liquor girl, but I found the vodka soda I ordered to be really strong for only $5.35. Svedka is their well vodka, and I can't complain. Anyways, people like me probably won't appreciate Brick Store as much as those that enjoy a good Belgian draft. I like the laid back pub environment, and this is a cool place to hangout, particularly if you can get a table. I came here on a nice summer night, and there was over an hour and a half wait for a table. Standing around was awkward and cramped, particularly with the low ceilings and minimal maneuvering space upstairs. We eventually got seated outside on some uncomfortable wooden stools, but the open air was nice. The food ordered was decent, especially the hummus. Parking sucks, and I circled the area for at least 15 minutes - definitely a deterrent for coming back often. In my opinion, it's all about the company. If I didn't have such a great time with such a fun group of people, I'm not sure this is a place I'd make one my regular hangouts.
<review# 1699,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/23/2009,12/17/2009,94,68,5,7,5>Ladies and Gentlemen, I'm here to tell you that all Chinese takeout is not created equal. Chopsticks Asian Bistro is proof. I had never heard of this place before last week. But one of their guys stopped by my workplace to drop off their menu. Normally, we stick most of the menus and crap that restaurants bring into File 13, but Chopsticks included a gift certificate for $5 (no strings attached)...so I was intrigued. Their menu offers most of the regular deep fried, sticky sweet & sour, overly salty things you'd expect from a typical Chinese takeout joint, but their menu stressed that they never use MSG. Now, I've been to other places that claim not to use the stuff...and then wondered why I was feeling all MSG-y after eating there. So, I'm a bit of a skeptic when places swear up and down that they don't use it, and you can still clearly taste (and feel) it when they do! Arg! Anyway, another one of their menus showed up on my doorstep at home the day after that...so I figured it was a sign or something. I had to try it. That night, we ordered the family dinner for two complete with: mongolian beef, sweet and sour chicken, spring rolls, "chicken on the sticks", fried rice, and a choice of soup, plus a fortune cookie. For $24 (plus tax and tip for delivery) it was a LOT of food (And did I mention I'm married to a human bottomless pit?)!  We had plenty left over for lunch the next day. The mongolian beef was really good. Greasy, but not too much. The sweet and sour chicken was good too. Breaded all white meat, green pepper, carrots, pineapple, and sauce on the side. For spring rolls, we were impressed! You could tell that there were real fresh vegetables inside, yet all of the crisp, deep fried loveliness surrounding it! "Chicken on the sticks"? I think the name is funny, but the taste was impressive. Juicy and moist with star anise seasoning! Nice! With the family meals, you have a choice of soup: egg drop, won ton, hot and sour or vegetable. We opted for vegetable fearing the worst (you know, dinky square micro-carrots, a few peas and maybe a thing of baby corn) and hoping for the best. We got better than the best! There were TONS of fresh veggies! Nice large chunks in a simple broth!  I love veggies, and they came through for me!  Best of all, I waited for that MSG feeling and it never came! Their no MSG claim is legit. I'm sure we'll order from here again!
<review# 1700,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2008,12/16/2009,215,493,9,12,11>I was delighted to join some fellow Yelpers for Craft's first official night last evening.  We had a lovely time and I very much enjoyed the experience.  I do really, really like this place and I am waffling between giving it four or five stars - for me, it's a solid 4.5.  But, I'm going with four simply because it's a quite pricey restaurant and, all things considered, that does tip the scale down a bit.  I am not saying that the food and the overall experience are not worth it (I think they are) but I needed to make this decision somehow.  Here is a breakdown of my scorecard (not including price considerations):Five Stars:* Valet parkers called me by name, were exceedingly polite and gave me discount coupons when I left.  And, it was complimentary valet.* All the staff members were uber-friendly* They have an extensive wine list and we had a very lovely Malbec* They have an extensive list of ports, dessert wines and aperitifs* There were many fish or veggie options for those of us who are not so carnivorous* The food:o Starters like the squash tortellini, mushroom risotto, beet salad - these were excellento The monkfish was excellent. The cod and scallops were very good, too.o Side dishes like the gnocchi, spinach, Brussels sprouts, fingerling potatoes, braised red cabbage, potatoes au gratin, and parsnips (fried not mashed) - all were excellent.  What a mean veggie plate I could create from all these.o The desserts were overall delicious.  I loved the chocolate donuts and, eventually, the hazelnut financier.* The space: very modern, nice lighting, loud fun music that you can still talk over, nice bathrooms (although there was a bit of a lineup at times because there are only two single unisex bathrooms upstairs)* They gave us a nice little bag of granola when we leftFour Stars:* The food:o My entrée, the swordfish: It was very good but did not wow me like some of the others did.  It had a slightly citrus-y flavor and I tasted fennel, as well (which I really like), and it was served with olives and capers.  It was good and seemed light and well-cooked but I felt like I ordered the wrong thing.o I know it was the first night and I will allow for some confusion but my dessert (the hazelnut with something else financier with pears) was delicious but served with the wrong ice cream.  It was supposed to come with cardamom ice milk but it was served with Kit's Meyer lemon sorbet instead which was a truly dreadful combination (and we couldn't tell the difference until we tasted each thing and did our own matching up).  Once we all switched our ice creams around, it was fine, but this would be really bad if we were diners who are not sharers and tasters like we are. The financier with cardamom ice milk was delicious, BTW.  I would love to return (and I just bought five lottery tickets so that I can afford to after I win!).  I get the feeling that my next visit could bump it up to a five-star rating.
<review# 1701,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2009,12/15/2009,166,205,11,6,5>I've been told that I have a "bar-girlfriend" here...never heard that phrase before. But once it was explained, it fit perfectly. I usually come here on Fridays when I'm getting back in town. I'm a sucka for the Sweetwater on tap. And every now and then I sample their solid wine selection. Well, lately there has been a woman sitting at the bar every time I go.  I drink, she eats, we laugh, we talk business, we talk pleasure; the convos are always friendly and light-hearted. Well last time I went here, I was informed that I had a "bar-girlfriend."  While confused for a moment, I quickly realized the bartender was right. Unwittingly, I was spoken for every time I sat at the bar. Lol.....I found this amusing. So, if you see me at the bar alone, just assume my "bar-girl" is in the restroom.
<review# 1702,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/25/2009,12/14/2009,44,189,16,16,11>Cheeseburger, Cheeseburger, Cheeseburger, Cheeseburger, Cheeseburger, Cheeseburger, no Coke: Pepsi. Okay that is a lie, this is Atlanta so of course there is Coke.As I am laying here after eating at Ann's, slowing slipping into a deep food coma, I must write my review while the experience is fresh in my mind and in my stomach.I had tried to come here once in the summer, but the long line and hot weather caused me not to wait. I ventured back in the fall with Tulie and Mark, who had never been either to test our luck. We did indeed turn out to be lucky in that the wait for minimal. Considering we needed three chairs, only had to wait 15-20 minutes, and when we left about 12 people were waiting, I would call that a success.Watching "The Soup Nazi" episode of Seinfeld would be a good idea before you come here to help you prepare. If there are no stools available inside do not dare venture in yet or you will be told to go outside. If you try to order before she is ready to take your order, you will be ignored. If you ask for something vegetarian, you will be shot.The most unassuming little building turns out to be one of the best burgers in the city. It is easy to miss driving down Memorial, but all you need to do is roll down your window and drive towards the delicious smell in the air.Once you are inside and seated, Ann will ask what you want. I ordered a double burger with bacon, but only because I am weak and cannot handle the ghetto burger. The burger begins as a large tube of meat, which is a great way for any meal to start. At one point the entire stove was filled with burgers, had to be at least 15. The smell was amazing; I wanted to bottle and sell it. The burgers are amazing, bacon crispy, and you can taste the 36 years of grease baked into every fry. And boy does history taste good.All that food and drink for $9 is a steal. You have to give props to Ann for sticking with what works and not selling out. She does not take credit cards, but I would never dare ask her to anyway.
<review# 1703,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/3/2009,12/12/2009,192,123,18,23,15>One would think I'd be embarrased to write reviews about these places, but I enjoy sharing my experiences with my fellow yelpers. Plus how cool would it be to create a list on 'Adult Pleasure' stores?!? Being that I don't care what others think...Pretty Cool to me =)~Now this is my second time visiting this location. The first time it was pretty much a spur of the moment type of thing. I'll never forget when me and the +1 (a girl) asked about a certain type of movie. The guy gets super excited and says "Girl on Girl"...in your dreams perv.!!!Downstairs is basically any equipment/toys you may need or want, upstairs is where the movies are. I can't really say there is anything special about this place, I mean it is pretty big with an extensive collection of everything sex related.This place is hardly ever busy, so if you have hangups about these places, I would give this one a try. The employees rarely pay any attention to you until you have a question or you start screaming at the weird added extensions, colors, and vibrations of certain items...LOL
<review# 1704,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2009,12/11/2009,688,73,6,10,11>I GENERALLY SUCK at celebrating birthdays. What compounds that fact is how generally AWESOME my wife is at celebrating birthdays. So even though we're under some considerable budget constraints this year, I still wanted to take her out for a nice dinner with good food, a few surprises, and not spend a car payment.Imagine her surprise when moments after we sit down, without ordering anything, our server drops off a cocktail for her - and then soon after that, appetizers appear - and then entrees and then desserts - all without the server ever taking our order.It's a nice experience to sit down and just have dishes brought out to you - with each one being a surprise (to her).Earlier in the day I had provided a list of everything we would order to the maitre d' who then gave it to our server when we arrived - so all my wife had to do at her birthday dinner was enjoy the food brought out to her. Forget menus. Just bring out food.The food here is good. It's upscale Southern cuisine and although it's not health food (like some complain) - it won't let you down. The fried chicken is everything you want it to be - with the proper breading but not the overpowering seasoning that so much fried chicken has these days - couple that with really moist insides and it's essentially perfect.We had a low key birthday dinner with the added surprise of a few items being taken off the bill - take care of your servers.
<review# 1705,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2009,12/10/2009,86,111,3,9,6>Well, even without Al's personal attention during our dining experience, this was the best Med food that any of us have ever eaten. From the awesome appetizer, to the most tender and tasty chicken kebobs we've ever eaten, this place passed our test with flying colors.When my girlfriend mentioned that she had only ever eaten good falafel when she was in Israel, Al quickly went in the back and had the bring up some of his falafel for the Pepsi challenge. It was terrific; I mean really, really good. The only thing that probably wasn't a slam dunk with everyone at the table was the dessert, but Greek/Med desserts have never been my favorite thing.And what can you say about Al? He's terrific. A genuinely kind  and enjoyable person who certainly adds a whole other dimension to your dining experience. Be warned though, if you are the kind of person that likes to be left alone while you are dining, this place is not for you.
<review# 1706,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2009,12/9/2009,68,309,2,8,8>It was the middle of the week and the goal was to aimlessly cruise down Buford Highway until we settled on some place with Asian cuisine.  We didn't have anything too specific in mind - we were just in the mood for some Eastern flava.  We passed Korean, Chinese, Vietnamese places.  Then I thought of Hayakawa - I'd been meaning to check it out.  So I decided to just pull over in a shopping center and look up some info on it to figure out where exactly it was.  Then we discovered that the strip mall we had pulled into was actually the one that Hayakawa was in!  Fate.  The restaurant was definitely a little smaller than I expected and I could see how it could get crowded, but luckily it wasn't too busy and we were seated right away.  The restaurant is pretty nice - it's bright, clean and simple.  Anyway, water and some snacks (mushrooms, assorted rice snack mix) came quickly.  We looked over the menu and I ordered an Orion (Okinawan beer) since I'd never seen it before.  It was surprisingly good - it's basically a crisp, golden lager that went very well with everything we ate.  I might try to hunt it down, but I imagine it would be a tough task.  We ordered a couple of appetizers: butabura (pork belly skewers) and yakitori shio (chicken skewers).  Both were really good (I'd probably lean slightly towards the butabura though).  The butabura reminds me of grilled fatty bits of pork chop - really tasty.  The mustard on the side is potent.  I expected the yakitori to be overcooked and dried out, but it was nicely grilled and still juicy.  These appetizers were impressive actually - I was kinda expecting them to be dull but they weren't at all.  I could come back and just eat appetizers I think.  I'm looking forward to trying gyoza on the next visit.  Of course, we also ordered a variety of sushi as well.  Now, I have to admit that I am not a sushi FIEND - I like sushi a lot and definitely get a craving every now and then, but I'm not really fanatical about it or particularly well-versed in it.  My sushi palate is somewhat conservative and I tend to get pretty basic things wherever I go so take my 2 cents with a grain of salt if you're a sushi freak.  Anyway, we had some salmon maki after the appetizers.  Really good.  The fish was definitely good quality but the rice was the key - nice flavor, excellent texture.  One potentially disastrous problem with the maki was the salmon bone still in one of the pieces - there's nothing like getting a sharp bone dagger lodged in your esophagus!  Fortunately, that didn't happen.  I don't recall ever finding a bone before but I suppose it happens enough.  They should probably be a little more careful about deboning their fish though.      We also got some assorted nigiri (my fave): masago (smelt roe), hamachi (yellowtail), kanpachi (young Japanese yellowtail), sake (salmon), saba (mackerel), unagi (bbq eel), tamago (egg), and toro (fatty tuna).  The masago, served on a little rice pillow with nori slivers, was pretty tasty.  Hamachi is one of my favorites - this was probably the best I've had.  I'd never had kanpachi before, but it was an awesome discovery and I liked it even more than regular yellowtail.  The salmon was impressive too - definitely the best I've ever had.  It had this crazy marbling on it that made it almost look like candy.  I wasn't a huge fan of the saba - it had a much stronger fishy taste than the others.  Unfortunately, I missed out on the unagi, but I heard it was good.  I've read that a good tamago is a sign of a good sushi chef (I'm not sure how entirely true that is but whatever).  I thought that the tamago here was very good.  Nice flavor and not watery like it can be sometimes.  The preparation was a bit unusual (lazy?) though - slit up the middle on the bottom and rested on the rice like a hat rather than being tied on with nori like I'm used to.  It was pretty large so that also made it a little hard to eat, but it was still delicious.  I also decided to be a balla (on a budget) and try the $8 toro nigiri.  I'd never had toro before - it was definitely very fatty and you could really taste the rich, buttery flavor.  That aspect of it was awesome.  However, there was too much stringy excess fat in between the flesh on my piece and eating that wasn't too pleasant (I'm probably offending some sushi connoisseurs here, right?).  Definitely a very flavorful piece of fish and I'd love to have it again, but I'd probably prefer a slightly leaner piece next time.All in all, it was a great experience - great rice, high-quality fish, nice appetizers, a new tasty beer.  It was definitely a little pricey, but I felt like I was paying good quality prices rather than unjustifiably overinflated prices.  The only negatives I can think of were the bone in the maki and the longish wait for the nigiri.  Like I mentioned, I'm no sushi expert, but I thought that it was very solid and that it actually lived up to the hype.    4.5
<review# 1707,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2009,12/8/2009,174,396,1,14,10>I wish I could say that I have known Woodfire Grill for years, but sadly it took reality TV to get me acquainted.  My husband and I are both fans of Kevin on Top Chef, so we just had to check this place out.We arrived a little early and sat in the bar area to have a drink.  I ordered the Bradley.  The guy who waited on me in the bar was super, super nice, explained what "shrub" was, and provided recommendations.  The Bradley was, without question, the best drink I have EVER had.  It was a beautiful symphony of bourbon and ginger.  It also had the distinction of being the only drink I've ever had that really felt like it was worth $10.  If you go out in the city, you will drop $10 on a drink in many places.  But this really tasted like a $10 drink.  Loved it.  Twice.  My husband had the Apricota, which he also enjoyed.  The ambience of the bar area was nice, and everyone was extremely friendly despite the fact that it seemed pretty busy.  I kept hearing people trying to pump the bartenders for details about the outcome of Top Chef.  Poor guys - they must be SO sick of this sort of question.When it was time for our reservation, we were escorted to our table.  My husband and I had decided in advance to go all-out by ordering the 5-course chef's tasting menu.  After all, why wouldn't you want your first experience with a restaurant to reflect what the chef thinks are its most exciting items?  Our server seemed really excited about this.Our amuse bouche was "the chef's version of a Waldorf salad."  It had a layer of a cream cheese mixture, a fruit that I think was peach, and...  shoot.  The awesome drinks must have gone to my head, because I have no clue anymore what was on top.  But it was good.The first course was a confit of laughing bird shrimp with vinegar.  It was delicious!  Our server said that although the menu changes daily, sometimes it changes more than others - and this was the first time they had served this dish.  I would definitely eat it again!The second course was two substantial pan-seared diver scallops, served atop a bed of butter beans and accompanied by a lamb jus and a sauce that I think was balsamic-vinegar-based.  It was funny because scallops are one of my favorite foods of all time, but I hate anything even remotely resembling lima beans.  I didn't hate these, which is saying a lot.In between the second and third course, we were each brought an oyster to cleanse our palates.  My husband was scared because he doesn't really do oysters, but we both loved it.  And it definitely did the trick, because course three was a veritable explosion of flavor for us.The third course was possibly my favorite - bobwhite quail with apples and potatoes.  I wish I could describe these things better!  I've never had quail before, so I have nothing to compare it to.  However, it was the most perfectly seasoned thing I have ever eaten.  Ever.The fourth course was something that Kevin is known for - pork!  Specifically, it was pork belly over creamed brussels sprouts.  Brussels sprouts are another food that I normally cannot stand.  And I'd like to say that if you cook anything in cream, it makes it better.  Except I don't want to give you the impression that I only liked them because they were doused in cream.  The cream actually just enhanced their distinctive flavor, and I have finally found brussels sprouts that I not only like, but love.The pork belly itself was perfection.  I've never tried pork belly before because I'm really not a big fan of fat.  I don't eat the fat on prime rib (I tried it because I have heard it's the best part, but it wasn't for me).  I do like bacon, but it has to be fairly crispy.  I generally don't like anything that's recognizable as a chunk of fat.  The pork belly was melt-in-your-mouth delicious.Finally, it was time for our dessert course.  I was sad to see our parade of delicious food coming to an end.  My husband was served a honey-and-caramel bread pudding.  The dessert chosen for me was a chocolate wrap with something chocolatey and ganachelike, in a chocolate-espresso "broth" with mocha whipped cream.  Both desserts were delicious, though I would have traded them in a heartbeat for more of that quail!Everything was just so, so delicious.  Even the bread was arguably the freshest, most delicious bread I have ever had.  And it was served with a whipped scallion/garlic butter that must have contained crack.Our service was wonderful and everyone seemed genuinely friendly.  There was a bit of a wait between our courses, which I thought at first was due to the kitchen being overwhelmed with orders.  After a while, I started to think it was just to prevent us from becoming overwhelmed by too much food too close together.  Either way, it worked for us.The only disappointment was that we didn't get to meet Kevin (I think he might have been out of town but I'm not sure).  Oh well, I guess that's just an excuse to go there again soon!
<review# 1708,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2009,12/7/2009,220,218,5,12,10>I AM IN LOVE!.. With coffee?- Yes!.. With doggie parks?- Yes!.. With a cute quaint coffee shop, which is tucked away in an up and coming neighborhood, that has spendid coffee AND a fun dog park?- HELL YES!.. I am head over heels!  Move over Starbuck's and Piedmont Park Dog Park, this place is where it is at (and where I will be at on many days to come!!)!I came here today to satisfy my daily bean juice craving, in addition to getting the pups some exercise.  A proposed stay of 30 minutes (easily) regressed into a few hours here...  Furthermore, my sole desire for coffee was altered with the purchase of not only coffee, but of a book (GRE study guide), an iced tea, as well as lunch!My pups played-and played- and played, while I studied under the gorgeous tree (Walnut I think?.. I dunno, I am no tree expert).  What I do know though, is that tree provided refuge and shade for me to stay there for over 3 hours.  So I, along with my pups, are ecstatic to NOT have to skip the doggie park when it gets hot outside, because we have ParkGrounds huge tree in the park!To be honest though, I will undoubtedly venture here rather than other coffee joints and Piedmont... The dog park is probably about 1/3 the size of Piedmont's, which is fine for my pups considering they mostly just chill in the small amount of shade Piedmont provides anyhow (which happens to be a muddy area the majority of the time).  And, they sell a large array of books...  I purchased a much needed "GRE Study Guide" for only $2!  $2 I tell you!!!  It is jam-packed with study questions that I am sure will assist me in acing the test (keeping my fingers crossed).Lastly (though I could ramble on and on about this place), the service was impeccable!  The barista offered me a large sampling of their "pour over" coffee, which is flavorsome and better than your typical cup-o-joe.  She recommended a Capriese sandwich paired with an exceptionally large side salad which both were fab for a grand total of $7.25.  My only gripe was that I wanted another sandwich after devouring the first... Hehe.I cannot wait to go back.  And as I sit here looking over my beloved, sleeping four-legged one's, I cannot help but think they are dreaming of going back to our new favorite park... zzzzzz.... Fun at ParkGrounds... zzzzzzz.... Back again asap!
<review# 1709,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2009,12/6/2009,140,53,6,6,4>If you want to take a girl, on a girlie night, or if you are a girl with the girls, than this place should be in your after-dinner plans. They have a 50 page drink menu, a stellar outdoor patio, and deserts that even make meat-and-potatoes men melt. All-in-all it is a great place to pass the time, chat, and indulge in sinful desert eating. Intermezzo does a great job of surrounding you in a European experience. You can come early and pick a great table, no reservations. Once you have a table, feel free to kick back and sit there as long as you like. If you can resist the deserts, you are a better man than I. Good luck.
<review# 1710,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2009,12/4/2009,122,193,3,13,11>Ribeye? My man had a hankering, so I gets to thinking...plenty of nice places in town to choose- or wait! How about an opportunity to fire up the grill and actually save a few $$?!? Perfect. In shaving some cash out of our Saturday night feed fund, we didn't want to skimp on quality. Luckily, I stumbled across some reviews on Shields right  here on Yelp and thought we should give it a try. It really is right inside the door at CVS.Don't be surprised by the modest selection in the case- most of their meat is kept in the back. Just ask for what you need. We ordered two cowboy-cut (that's "bone-in" pardner!) ribeyes. We held up our fingers to indicate the thickness we wanted- my guy loves his steak- two + inches worth. For me, a more modest cut. All together, with a nice roaster chicken, we were out the door for $40. Shield's is small, but they have all you will need for a nice meaty meal, including wine! They will also cook it for you- mighty convenient for a quick stop on a school night. The aroma of roasting chuck hung in the air and wafted along with us for the entire ride home. Yum. We'll be back!
<review# 1711,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2009,12/3/2009,209,595,7,8,8>I have never eaten Ethiopian but Desta has made me a fan.  The food is so good that even the stray tom cat outside waited patiently for some scraps.  The way he was staring through the window in the door made me think of Lady and the Tramp only the mangy cat version.  He was nice enough to move while people were coming in and out but he was not leaving until he got some fish tibs and raw meat out of the owners.  I know a lot of you would make disparging commments of this but i like that the restaurant gives back to the poor and hungry:)  The fish tibs on Shiro kicked ass.  Fish tibs are tilapia sauteed in a spicy onion/tomato/garlic suace and the shiro was a spicy ground chickpea mixture.  The food was delicious and I liked the injera.  Which is a spongy bread.  I have noticed that the injera is what seems to turn people off but it reminds me of a spongy sourdough and I dug it.  The texture while holding the wrapped up bread was offputting, I am not going to say why, but the food was great and unbelievably filling.  My friend got a beer there, can't remember the name, and it tasted like honey beer- nice and soothing.  The interior of the restaurant was homey and they have a cute little porch.. only one problem there- you are surrounded by parking lots so you might get a bit heady by the fumes, but still I loved this place.  I would recommend it.
<review# 1712,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2009,12/2/2009,213,662,6,12,9>***ATTENTION HAWT ON YELP PARTICIPANTS*** Kristin, the employee who will be delivering HOY-priced facials next week, is awesome. I had an allergic reaction to something over the weekend, red flaking ugliness spreading across my normally porcelain face. I thought about making an HOY appointment for next week but couldn't wait, as my eyes were burning, and my vanity couldn't stand it anymore.I called Sweetgrass on Monday morning, and secured a 5 p.m. facial slot for the same day. Kristin patiently listened to my tale of facial woes, providing me with an hour-long custom session to help assuage the pain. She began the experience by waving three different soothing scents over my nose, letting me choose my favorite. I settled on lavender, of course. Kristin carefully examined my blemishes, concluding that two problems had arisen across my T zone: built-up blackheads (a result of not exfoliating) and irritation from an unknown stimulus. Kristin spent some quality time doing extractions across my cheeks and applying a cooling facial mask to help moisturize my irked cells. Kristin also is good with her hands: she rubbed my head, neck, shoulders and back, launching me into a mellow stupor. Kristin didn't try to push any Aveda products on me, but I was in the mood to buy something, so she recommended Enbrightenment--a new liquid toner.To conclude our session, Kristin offered some steps I can take to help my skin return to its original glow. So far, her suggestions are working!
<review# 1713,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2008,12/1/2009,105,104,5,10,6>Heads up:  Longest.  Review.  Ever.I'm spending a lot of the time in the burbs right now so I'm on a bit of a spree with suburban eateries.  I think i'll canvas the entire northside collection of Tapas restaurants before the new year!We went to Little Alley on a 'date night' with my fiance on recommendation from a coworker.  We called ahead for a reservation as suggested and were seated right away.  There's no breezeway so do yourself a favor and request a different table if they try to seat you near the door.The restaurant is divided into two parts by a wall that doubles as a huge wine rack.  The front is standard seating, and the back is more loungey, with sofas, hitops, and a slickly lit bar.  To say the inside is a surprise is an understatement given the nondescript shopping center it's in that is badly in need of an update.  They had a two-man duo playing singer-songwriter stuff and the volume and quality was excellent.  Perfect background music and totally enjoyable.The menu is almost entirely tapas, offering only a Steak Frites option as a full-on entree ($18).  Plates range from tasty $3 sliders to a $10 cheese plate that changes daily.  I loved what we ordered so much i asked to take a menu home so i could accurately recount my meal for you yelpers.  I also sleep with it under my pillow.  Don't judge me.We typically order two rounds, letting our stomachs make smarter decisions than our eyes or salivating tongues.  Round one included a Pulled Malaysian BBQ Beef Rib Slider, Vodka Marinated Calamari, and Brochettes de Bavette (steak skewers).  The slider was really very tasty and came with a side of fries (bonus!).  At $4 you can't go wrong.   The steak skewers were really good, tons of flavor, but it wasn't our most creative choice.  The calamari was excellent with really light batter but i was a little disappointed in the amount of actual meat mixed in with the rest of the ingredients that accompanied the squid.  It was the only minor letdown of the meal.The next round we resisted the urge to order the Roasted Pear Salad (this must be a favorite because we kept seeing it and it looked amazing).  We ordered Saffron Duck Ravioli Provencal and and the Coquilles St. Jacques.  On accident we were given the Goat Cheese Dumplings (apparently they look like the Ravioli).  I'm not a lover of goats or their cheese but I'll admit i was glad this mistake was made.  It was rich, no doubt, but in tapas sized servings it's perfect and i wouldn't have tried it otherwise.  The "Coquilles" was seared George's Bank sea scallops over parsnip puree, spinach, & truffle scented walnut froth.  This was really rich but believe me when i say "OMG", nay "OMFG" came to mind after each bite.  These really were delectable and i'd even venture to say it was one of the more pleasurable and memorable palate experiences i've had.Drinks were reasonably priced and my fiance, being a well-trained drinker and former bartendress says, and i quote, "they make a damn good cosmo".  Beer selection was adequate but being a beer-snob i would have loved to have some Belgian options to pair with my rich foods.We got out of there for less than $100 including tip and dessert (don't remember what we had but it was good) and with full bellies so i call that a victory.  It's also worth noting they will allow you to bring your own wine for a $15 corking fee.   It was clear that many of the patrons are regulars, speaking with the manager and being greeted by name so that's my evidence for consistent quality over time.I'd recommend this as a date-night option or even with a group of friends (all ages would love this place).  Bring your friends on a surprise destination dinner and they'll think you're the coolest lady on the tennis team.  It's a great hidden gem...careful not to drive past it on accident!
<review# 1714,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2009,11/30/2009,50,170,,9,8>this place is so cute and Brian is so positive and exciting.  He really makes you excited about yogurt...and to be honest, thats really hard for me to do since i'm not a big yogurt fan (shhhhh!).  i never have been, so i was a bit skeptical about it.  First time i went, i had a smoothie.  My last visit i had the Taro Root and i must say...i enjoyed.  it was really tasty and light and i will be back (surprise surprise!).  my friends were shocked that i even tried it and more shocked that i actually liked it!the staff is really helpful and nice and i can't wait to go back!
<review# 1715,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/18/2009,11/29/2009,10,94,3,9,3>This is a brand-new little Shawarma/Gyro place located inside the Candler Building downtown (next to the Equitable Building). I work at GP and so it is extremely convenient for me. While the name of the place doesn't exactly tell you what they offer, a quick look at the menu in the window gives a brief overview of the salads and pita sandwiches being served.Let me just say I am no Shawarma expert. I just had to go to wikipedia to look up the description and what makes them different from a Gyro or Doner Kebab. The first thing I noticed was how clean this place was, everything inside is brand-spankin' new. The staff, which appears to be family (I apologize if it's not), were hurrying around to serve the customers and prepare the food.Skipping a salad I ordered the Lamb Shawarma to-go from the older gentleman slicing the lamb off of the skewer. When asked if I wanted baba ghanoush or Hummus in the pita, he quickly offered tastes of both with slices of pita. The baba ghanoush please, I've never had it. After that, I put my full faith and trust in the Shawarma specialist, if you will, with regard to future toppings and condiments. They offer a combo with either a side of soup or hummus. At the register the younger fella told me they had only been open about 5 days and while it showed in their organization, it didnt affect my experience a bit.The pita was very good for its type, and quite filling for the price. Full-flavored lamb and a little hint of spice before hitting the baba ghanoush. I did not enjoy the soup much but will order the hummus next time I go. I hope they make it in-house, as I intend to find out. While there are many other places to get a Gyro/Shawarma/Kebab in the area I have not had any others but was satisfied with my quick lunch.
<review# 1716,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2009,11/28/2009,45,265,3,10,5>Went to Varasano's for dinner with colleagues. The valet parking was SLOW as in waiting 5 minutes to park your car. So not a great start. We went there at 6pm and were literally alone in the place. It picks up around 7PM. They have in-door and out-door seating. The outdoor seating is facing Peachtree Street, so during rush hours you could be sitting in commute exhaust. Otherwise a great west facing patio. The menu is not large but the food is *very* good. The appetizers are not large either but they are tasty. We had carmelized onion, and Nana's pizzas. Each pie is 6 slides. This is thin crust pizza with generous toppings. The taste is very good. We had Oyster Bay Pinot Noir redwine with the pizza. The wine was really good. Again they have good wines, but the selection is limited. If you have not tried Varasano's. You have to go.
<review# 1717,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2009,11/27/2009,46,137,5,5,3>Good food.  Decent prices. Great location. Free parking.What do I want in a Thai place?  Something that's not pretentious.  This place is definately not pretentious, it actually reminds me a little of Chin Chin on Ponce.  Don't ask, I don't know why.Our waiter was attentive enough.  He wasn't a very "friendly" guy, but that's fine.  He made sure we had full drinks, that our food came out right, and that we were enjoying our experience.  He did everything a server is supposed to do.  More than I can say about lots of places.My pork with green curry was 10.95 menu price.  Great price and good portion size.  It was a little more than I could eat in one sitting, but I ate it all anyway.  What can I say, I'm a card carrying member of the clean plate club.We had to spend $35 according to my gift cert.  2 curry entrees, spring rolls, and a dessert didn't reach that total.  So James H. took one for the team and ordered another dessert to go.  Lol.It's really not that different from Thai & Sushi in East Atlanta, food quality wise, and it is further from my house.  So the probability of me going back is less likely.  I'm sure I'll be back at some point, especially if James H. wants to go.  And I'm going to actually eat dessert next time.
<review# 1718,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2009,11/26/2009,354,392,6,12,8>Being the tomboy that I am, I really did not look forward to trying on wedding dresses.  But I got a card in the mail saying they were having a trunk show with a 15% off deal so I said, "why not."  My parents came (my mom cannot navigate outside of East Cobb and surrounding areas) so my dad retired with a book at a sports bar and my mom and I went in to look at dresses.  Jennifer helped me and was an angel.  She let me pick out as many dresses as I wanted and patiently sat through me looking stiff like Frankenstein in the dresses that made me so uncomfortable.  Then, I finally found THE DRESS.  It's poufy but had one embellishment on it I did not like.  Okay, they can take it off, sweet!   I felt like a (comfortable) princess and it was a weird/good feeling.  Anyway, they make the dresses according to your height and measurements, so they measured my hobbit frame and sent the details into the manufacturer.  It will take about 20 weeks for the dress to be made, then I will go back for fittings.I had a great experience with them, the dresses are pretty reasonable, around 1K-2K and the staff is wonderful.  Be sure that you get your parking ticket validated before you leave, or else you may have to pay through the nose with their parking garage!  The store is on Peachtree, facing the Container Store.  Ask for Jennifer for the best experience!
<review# 1719,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2009,11/25/2009,196,345,5,5,5>I spoke to the chef here when she was making the rounds during soft opening of 2nd floor lounge AltoRex.  I asked her about vegetarian stuff at AltoRex because there were a bunch of delicious-looking meat dishes running around.  She mentioned a few things, but then talked about all the great vegetarian stuff at Pacci.  She mentioned a wild mushroom risotto that sounded so delicious that we just had to have dinner there.  Caveat: my meal took place after a few free drinks upstairs, so I was definitely amenable to liking the place, but that's just good business, right?And yes, the food here is pretty delicious.  The wild mushroom risotto was great, as was the potato gnocchi and the mashed potatoes.  Best of all, they have very reasonably priced half portions and sides, so you can concoct your own meal out of many delicious options.  The staff was all delightful and professional.  The lighting and atmosphere is right.  The volume level was great too - the tables are spread far enough apart that you can have your own experience and it's not too loud, but there is still an awareness of people around you.  I don't think there were any romantic tables for two left when we got there on our whim - I probably would have preferred something more to the side than the four-top right in the center of the place, but I didn't make a reservation.My one negative experience here was in the bathroom, and it's mainly because I am an idiot.  I put soap on my hands and then could not figure out how to turn on the faucet.  It is this very intricate and beautiful design involving water releasing from the base of the faucet which is located in a spout that looks sort of like a mini-waterslide.  Well, I pushed that faucet down and tried to turn it to the left and to the right, and could not get that thing to turn on.  So I rubbed the soap into my hand and then got the excess off with a paper towel.  Then I went out and whispered to G that he needed to go figure it out and come back and tell me how to do it.  After laughing at me, he did.  Apparently you pull the thing UP (aka the one direction I did not try).  For some reason that was not intuitive to me, but as I told someone the other night, I've been working so hard lately that all my brainpower is gone by the time I'm out of the office.  I've got no cells left for deducing how to use a pretty faucet.I'll have to come back after the novelty's worn off to see if I still like it as much, but I was impressed by my first visit.
<review# 1720,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/30/2009,11/24/2009,33,434,9,8,7>THANK YOU, TULIE!WOW. Ordered Cuban sandwich. Delicious. Only $4.50! I was waiting to drive two minutes down the road, but the delicious smells wafting from the light wrapped hot sandwich in my hand... I tore into it like an animal. It was delicious. I ate it all. The bread and meats were so moist, I didn't need a drop of liquid to wash it down. Serious stuff. Also ordered a guava jam/cream cheese tart thing, but my boss appropriated it :( OMG. I just swallowed my gum. I got so excited writing this post and reliving the memories of a delicious lunch, my throat muscles started convulsing.
<review# 1721,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2009,11/22/2009,787,655,3,6,5>Now that I'm back from New Orleans, I think it's only fair to say that I found the best Shrimp Po-boy right here in Atlanta! Shameful isn't it? The Sandwich was oh so tasty!! There weren't many seats available during the lunch hour rush, so I opted to take my goodies to go. The Mr. got the pulled pork which was served on a large fluffy biscuit, which although looked okay, I'd rather get my BBQ from a more rustic place! The best part of this whole excursion was the brownie, which was so deliciously sinful! I swear to you this was the best brownie I have ever had!  They also sell pre-made dinners such as roast chicken, collards, etc. On the opposite side of  Star provisions there are several deli areas which sell cheeses, seafood, and meats. I was so tempted to get one of the black Angus hot dog! A great lunch although it's a bit on much to get everyday, I can do this splurge every once in awhile!
<review# 1722,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/3/2009,11/20/2009,245,510,5,6,6>I've spent way too many nights hanging out at taco stands while exploring Mexico. While these roadside stands in the poorest of areas seemed adventurous to say the least, they were also the most reliable places to get a cheap meal and an ice cold Dos Equis (well, more than one Dos Equis) while driving to your next destination or after hours from the bar. A couple of picnic benches to relax on cool nights, music playing on an old boom box, great tacos and cold beer, can you ask for more? Walking into El Taco Veloz, I felt I was right back in Mexico. From the illegal...ah...undocumented (for all you Dems out there, Ivan!) patrons enjoying their lunch, to the pigeons enjoying the leftovers on the ground, to me being the only gringo in sight. I went for the Al Pastor (2) and Pollo (2) tacos, unfortunately for me they were out of the Carnita. I got both with "everything", which would be cilantro, onions, and salsa verde. I didn't find them spicy, but they had nice flavor....especially the Al Pastor. The pollo tacos had big chunks of chicken, although I enjoyed the pastor better. My only 2 complaints: 1. They need beer. May I suggest Dos Equis, Negra Modelo, Sol and Pacifico (not Corona though). Dos Equis would complete the authentic taco stand feel the best though (with about 6-7 stray dogs running around too). 2. The tortillas were way too soggy because of the salsa. Less salsa and wrap them differently, it really soaks into the tortilla and takes away from the taco experience. Best part though, which makes up for the soggy shells: 99 cent tacos, that's a lunch spot to look forward to!
<review# 1723,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2009,11/19/2009,224,570,9,9,10>"This is SERIOUSLY the s---", my wife enthused as she tore into ten jumbo fried shrimp. "This may have been the best shrimp I've had in Georgia." I'd raced home around Plaza Fiesta to get them to her before fried shrimp became steamed shrimp.  "So, uh.  You'll get me MORE shrimp later, right?"Well, maybe.  Their prices are fantastic -- even after adding two Cajun corn cob-ettes as a third side, the total was about 8 bucks.  We're trying to spend less on restaurants, so while I won't suggest the Crawfish Shack for fear of inculcating an expensive habit, I'll definitely mention it every time she hints at Red Lobster.   Crawfish Shack is a lot cheaper than the big boys.  And as far as I can tell from her orgiastic munching, it's a lot fresher and tastier.And now for one final thought from the latest Crawfish Shack addict:"These are GOD'S OWN SHRIMP. Why are you still reading this review? Seventeen stars!"[Not tried: Nuoc Mia ("nuke ME-a"), also known as guarapo, which is fresh-squeezed sugarcane juice, sweet and grassy.  Here they squeeze orange slices into the drink as well, so it's like a sweet orangeade.  I'll try a sip of yours, but I better not have the whole thing or I might go into sugar shock.]
<review# 1724,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2009,11/18/2009,1969,871,6,7,5>Best Grits, I've ever had! Chicken Sausage was different and excellent! Biscuit was horrible, you'd think if that is in your name you'd nail it! NOT!Eggs and Jam were as you would expect good not great! I liked the people watching!Service was good, the server was funny! It's within walking distance from my house!I'll be back!
<review# 1725,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/10/2009,11/16/2009,216,468,7,5,5>Met up with Zack E, Dio and some other buds for the weekend lunch buffet at Lahore recently. Not too shabby. The chicken makhani was very good and there were plenty of veggie choices.On top of the good food, the service was very attentive and our server kept the fresh naan flowing to our table. I think I'm wimping out in old age, though. After a plate and a half of food, I was paying the price for the rest of the day. Maybe I need to cut back on the rich and spicy food a bit? Lord, say it ain't so!
<review# 1726,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2009,11/15/2009,357,369,23,20,17>I've never had so much fun getting brutalized before.I managed not one, but two, severe hematomas* in my first WhirlyBall experience.  I can't think of a better way to acknowledge the anniversary of my expulsion from my mother's womb.All you need to have an equally epic adventure: + At least 10 decidedly awesome people.  [10 is the minimum, but unless you rent for more than an hour, I wouldn't suggest more than 15]+ A full belly.  There's no food on the premises unless you order in-house catering and who wants to do that?  Oof. Eat beforehand.  Beverages are readily available, though.+ A credit card. For that bar tab, son.+ Thick skin. Not only for the likely bruising, but for the employees.  We were treated relatively well, but I could see where some of the previous reviewers' complaints were coming from.+ A willingness, nay, a WISH to encounter head on collisions, sideswipes, and pile drives.  The most fun you can have in Georgia without involving livestock.*The doctors expect me to fully recover. But, yeah, it's been a month? WTF?
<review# 1727,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2009,11/14/2009,94,152,6,26,10>Ok ladies.... this is a must see and a place that you have to visit. How many time have you seen a lash loft? Never for me but I just thought it was a great idea......  I just happened to be walking down the street to chow baby when I saw two birds in the window I was like what is this place.....Once I was in the owner was sooooooo nice, she using all natural products, she has a range of services but what was great were her lashes I have never had lashes stay on so long....... They cost around 40 bucks but they lasted for almost a month,  and they werent permanent so it was well worth the money.... I have become really close friends with her she is a lovely person to know and she really owns up to her product if its something you don't care for or need to change she has no problem with correcting it for you.So what are you waiting for check her out today.....
<review# 1728,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2009,11/13/2009,78,97,8,4,4>Good:My favorite line of ginger beerDirt cheap: Sauce plus pasta=$5??According to a Yelp search this is evidently the only place in town with garlic bread?Nice thick Alfredo sauceAn excellent turkey lasagna that really hits the spot, with a nice olive tasteWeird/Otherwise:It's basically like two different restaurants, which is kind of confusing, no?Eh/Ok:The pasta itself isn't the best texture or anything. Good, but I mean - it's five bucks. Entertaining:You get served on high school cafeteria trays?They don't display napkins in any kind of container; they basically just open an industrial-sized box of them and leave it out.All of the patrons were either 1) twice my size (girth, not height) 2) cops, or 3) completely baked (as evidenced by the music overhead: 'we're gonna be higher / than lions / in Zion'). I'm certain a couple met all three conditions.
<review# 1729,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2009,11/12/2009,193,304,,6,5>Fox Bros BBQ can be inconsistent, but I absolutely love the chopped brisket and Brunswick stew here, so much so that I crave them regularly.  The meats have a nice smoke ring, smoky flavor, and the chopped brisket retains great amount of fatty bits.  I don't like to get brisket sliced, but know that they slice with the grain rather than across, so they are not as tender as could be.  Ribs are dry-rubbed and okay, as are pulled pork.  Sometimes they tend to be a bit dry and you say that's inconsistent because you remember how good they were.  Overall the meats are not overly greasy like Fat Matt's.  There is one sauce on the table, tomato based and fairly mild, just a little tangy and sweet, really easy to eat if lacking punch.  I don't remember how the chicken was.  Sometimes they have short rib that's been smoking for like 20 hours, but I've not had it.Brunswick stew is my favorite in Atlanta.  I can eat this stuff all day.  The consistency is slightly soupy, but viscous instead of thin.  It's not too spicy nor chunky, has a great savoriness, and full of the delicious brisket.  Mmm, so good.  The tomminator appetizer is tater tots smothered with this godly stew, and as expected I am a big fan of it.  They also smother fries and such with either this or chili--I guess smothering shit over stuff is a Texas thing?--but I favor the tomminator.Most of the sides are decent but not amazing.  Mac n' Cheese very bland for my taste.  Beans, potato salad, slaw range from average to good.  Toast is nothing special.  They always have Magic Hat on tap if you like that.  The inside of this place is not so big, and there's a bar that seats like, three, but the patio is fairly accommodating.  Now I want some Brunswick stew!
<review# 1730,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2009,11/11/2009,22,165,,7,9>I like this place because it's not limited to Asian goodies.  The ambiance feels international.  I really do feel like I'm shopping in another country here.  I can get practically anything here, East meets West, North versus South, plus all the islands inbetween.  Cheap, fresh, and exotic produce, meat, and seafood.  Don't forget the appliances and housewares section that all asian markets have.  I love how the smells from the panaderia fill half the store.  The spices are not as cheap as Your DeKalb Farmers Market though.  Also, the place also stays open longer than they say they do.A guy once took me here on a first date.  He & this place are winners.
<review# 1731,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2009,11/10/2009,140,143,5,4,5>Java Vino is my new Aurora.  But, that's probably because I have a friend working there and when it's not busy, we hang out and geek about Anthropological theory.  Yes, that's what I do now.Connections aside, Java Vino has really good coffee and espresso drinks.  I really like the Bee Sting - Latte with honey and vanilla - I know it sounds like a lot of sweet, but it balances out perfectly.The Vino side is pretty awesome, too.  They always have a good selection and pour a full glass.If you're hungry, they have a nice menu with options that will please the whole crowd, but if you're just looking for a little nosh to go with your vino, try one of the cheese plates.  The selection is amazing, and the olives that come with are very tasty.The deserts and pastries look pretty amazing, and I've heard good things, but I'm always too in to the coffee and I'm on my third cup and full before I think about adding a biscuit.Tip well!
<review# 1732,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/28/2009,11/9/2009,527,87,4,9,7>After stopping at the bar for a night cap after leaving El Taco a few times, I decided it was time to actually EAT at this new BBQ joint, which I did a couple of weekends ago.First off, after a couple of failed and less than stellar restaurants preceeded it, I'm thrilled to see DBA in the space--this corner has long seemed somewhat removed from VaHi and any business that brings further attention to this area is a good thing (even if it's tweets from Ashton--yawn--Kutcher).The space and decor is inviting. I like the big bar and flat screens, the open kitchen and, of course, the patio, where I sat. It's a tad smokey out there (especially with the new wood-burning smokers) but, when in Rome, as they say. We started with a basket of corn muffins which were delicious; I could have eaten the whole basket myself (well, actually, I think I did). They aren't so much muffins as they are corn-flavored cupcakes. Yummy.Next, the fried pickles arrived--again, very tasty. They came with fried strips of bacon which, I'm sorry, I did not feel the need to try it. Deep-fried bacon? Seems a bit much to me so I passed (my dining partner, however, scarfed them down quite happily, so I'm sure they were tasty).I then had a pork BBQ sandwich which had great flavor. I added plenty of the sweet BBQ sauce, which made it even better. I'm a dipper (anyone else out there?), so I dip all my food in something..ketchup, dressing, etc. The sweet BBQ sauce can come and stay at my house anytime.All in all, a great experience. I'll definitely be back.
<review# 1733,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2009,11/8/2009,474,1389,5,11,8>Starlight Six is one of those places that I really should visit more often.  The aforementioned $7/person price is one of the cheapest in Atlanta, particularly if you've got caffeine or staying power to make it through the 2nd movie.  Nothing says summer like a drive-in double feature.  And my frugal self loves that you can bring in anything and everything you want to eat in your car.Get there at 7 when the gates open to avoid the lines.  And while they don't post the schedule on the website until the Thursday night before, I recently found them on FB (facebook.com/home.php#/p) where they've been posting the weekly schedule on Mondays...
<review# 1734,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2009,11/6/2009,94,110,4,3,12>Fun times, friendly folks!  I am a new fan of The Eagle.  In the course of one evening I: played pinball, got locked in a cage, tore up the dance floor, and learned secret meanings for colors. Oh, and contributed to a legal fund for those wrongly arrested in the raid.  And gulped down some yummy jello shots.  All in all, a fabulous night out.
<review# 1735,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2009,11/2/2009,129,504,3,5,4>Wow.My memories as a kid of cupcakes is one of dry, second-place-to-cake, desserts that you eat and then go into insulin shock a half hour later.Not so here.I had some strawberry creation that was light, refreshing, and just the right thing I wanted (after any meal, I always want that 'algo' to satisfy that Cuban/Spanish/Lebanese sweet tooth).  Plus, the lady who sold it to me mentioned that they are working on a gluten free creation so that my little mutants might also partake.What's not to like?
<review# 1736,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2009,10/31/2009,80,54,8,2,3>I would like to give Ria's Blue Bird a Standing Ovation for their breakfast options, The Biscuits & Gravy are outstanding!!!! ::clap clap clap clap::Thank you, Thank you, Thank you Ria's Bluebird for making a Pepper Milk Gravy versus a Sausage Gravy like EVERY SINGLE OTHER BREAKFAST PLACE EVER! I find this to be super pleasing to my palate and I can honesty say that it is devoured within the first five minutes of landing on my table! Now if you can get past the thought of me shoveling warm biscuits and gravy in my mouth... then I shall continue. The Skillet Potatoes are also superb. The perfect amount of potatoes and onions with the outside being charred nicely, as they should be. The bacon is crisp and greasy (yummmm) and goes well with my "all you can possibly fit into your belly" breakfast. I have tried their "award winning" pancakes and they are all that they are talked up to be. I enjoy every last mouth watering bite of them. Mmmm.. Me want pancakes NOW!!!The Coffee is pretty decent and I enjoy that they have inside/outside seating. Not really a patio, but more of an outside enclosed room. It's nice and warm in the winter and is kept at a nice temp in the summer as well.I want to give Ria's 5 stars, but I can't get over the stinkiness of some of the patrons... it makes me gag (physically) when the person next to me lifts their arm to get a bite of food and I can smell their bodily odor. While I understand that some folks do not use deodrant/antipersperant as a personal choice (I'm not knocking them), I wish not to be seated next to them while trying to enjoy my fantastic biscuits and gravy but it often seems to happen.
<review# 1737,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2008,10/30/2009,196,217,3,7,7>Enjoyed a few cocktails here with a few other yelpers (Gretchen O., Adam R. and Angela Y.) before heading out to the Twisted Taco Halloween party and had a great time!Cat the bartender was very friendly and mixed a well crafted drink. Her timing was spot on and we never waited more than a moment or two for a drink.Sampled the truffle fries - quite hot, crispy and appropriately salty with an essence of truffle that was happily not overpowering as I am very sensitive to the scent (but not taste) of truffles.The hummus platter was excellent- garlicky and smooth hummus, plenty of grilled pita points which were chewy and delicious as well as some vegetables as a nod to a healthier bar snack option!
<review# 1738,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2009,10/29/2009,343,405,3,10,9>We were on our way going to a local neighborhood joint for dinner when I saw that Serpas finally opened.  I mean I should know this, since my office is located at Studioplex!  I turned the car around and decided that since it didn't look too busy we should try it out.  Plus, I am that kind of yelper that likes to try the new places out before anyone else gets there!  :)They did an amazing job on the space!  Keeping the original look of the bricks and utilizing large stretched out canvas portraits to cover the walls were a nice touch.  The shiny stained concrete floors and the industrial look that was kept with the lights and even the metal chairs had everything flowing quite nicely.  Only thing that may be an issue, once this place gets busy is the noise...with all the open space and lack of items to absorb sound, its going to get loud.The staff were really nice and friendly and I love a good place that everyone from host, waiter, bartender, asst. manager, manager, etc... comes by to talk to you.  GREAT TIP -  All night, every night...all bottles of wine is only $25.00!On the food...I looked at the menu and wondered why everything seemed so familiar.  Then I realized that Scott Serpas also opened up Two Urban Licks and finally saw many similarities.  We started with a basket of fries and the crab toast.  The fries were awesome...hand cut and seasoned just right.  The crab toast was good as well and thank goodness they only had 4 on the plate since I could have eaten 20!  David ordered the double patty burger and I got the BBQ salmon.  The salmon was really good and the root vegetables served with it were amazing.  David said his burger was good, but not the best he had in town.  I also ordered a side of grits...c'mon i'm a Southern boy...it was sooooo good, I think I could have just ordered that as my meal.    Overall a fantastic experience and I highly recommend.  If you like Two Urban Licks, you will LOVE Serpas!
<review# 1739,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/1/2009,10/28/2009,131,65,13,7,6>I have a big ole rear projection TV (although bigger is not *necessarily* better, I have not had any complaints... anyway...). One day while watching my brand new Batman Returns DVD, the colors abruptly went strange... Joker strange... the blues seemed to disappear just leaving red with a little bit of ghosting. Eventually, no picture at all. ugh. I mean, major "ugh". I basically knew what went wrong but hoped against it. I did some research on the net which confirmed my suspicions: the convergence controllers had fried themselves. According to message board posts, it seemed a common problem but the repair could range from $300 to $700. ugh. I mean, major "ugh". I called a few repair shops most of which stated that they could make an appointment for a few days later. It seems that it is customary for a fee for a service call which can be applied to the cost of repair. Rapid Electronics had immediate availability however and suggested repair at the lower end of the price spectrum. So, I pulled the trigger and tried them out and arranged a service call over my lunch break (albeit a long one). The technician arrived timely and was very professional. He seemed very familiar with the problem and did indeed quote a price on the very low end of the cost spectrum. (about $300 for my 51" Hitachi). After just over an hour, my TV breathed life once again. I was relieved. Now, after three months, everything still seems great. So, Rapid Electronics has earned my trust. They will be the first I turn to for any other problems (god forbid....).
<review# 1740,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/29/2008,10/27/2009,145,240,5,5,4>This place is a gem. Reminded me a lot of the Hickory House, but the food is much better. The second I saw the children of the workers in there, I knew it would be good. Mulletts, L.A. light-ups, bowl-cuts, and Chicago Bulls Starter jackets. These people are from the south. The Q was pretty good but I didn't find the meat to be exceptionally smokey. The sauce, I felt, was incredible. It's thick, hot, and tangy. Get the brunswick stew for one of your sides. Hell, get it for both choices!
<review# 1741,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2009,10/26/2009,220,93,10,22,13>I'd read quite a bit at this point about the legendary, Dr. Kleiss (the superstar of reviewed gynos), and was determined to see her.  Alas, she wasn't to be available for another three months (!!!).  So I met with Dr. Combs instead--who by the way is new, accessible, and awesome.Highlights: the stirrups have fuzzy socks on them for you to rest your feet, making the whole chair look markedly friendlier and less "Inquisition"-like.   The dreaded apparatus rests on a heated pad before use (I can't begin to say how much better that is than the alternative).  And finally, Dr. Combs was lively, engaged, and friendly.I'm blushing (and yes that's possible)  just reviewing the lady doctor.  But in searching for a new OB-GYN, I found these reviews extremely helpful, so I figure I need to pay it forward.
<review# 1742,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/11/2009,10/25/2009,705,321,27,12,19>I was 20 years old in Sydney Australia, incredibly drunk sitting on the lawn of a Cricket field with my buddy Gavin looking at the stars and talking about life when he turns to me and tells me he's gay.It was the first time anyone ever came out to me, and I won't lie... I was a little nervous... two guys sitting under the stars, and he comes out to me.Not having any experience like this, and not knowing how to react, I calmly say to him "Hey... why are you telling me this right now man?"And he says, "Don't worry mate, you're not my type, I've just never told anyone before, and after getting to know you for the last six months you're first person I've ever met that I can trust to not be a jerk about it".I couldn't have told you what my response would have been ten seconds before he told me... it had just never come up... but my honest response was that I was honored. Guy trusted me with information, that at the time, could have gotten his ass kicked. We sat there and talked about his secret life and my education in tolerance began. What the hell do I care who you sleep with? It's weird that people get so mad or freaked out about the gay community. To anyone out there that still has tolerance issues, Shakespeare and I have this to say to you..."The lady doth protest too much, methinks...  it's 2009 get over it."Hamlet Act 3, scene 2That all said... Blake's is the gayest bar I've ever been in! Jeez-us Atlanta! When you go gay, you go GAY!The drag show was clearly a time honored tradition and the drinks were so strong I'm still drunk this morning, but seriously... this place needs to be about an acre larger and have a dance floor and stage! Just admit it Blake's... you need to expand the venue. Atlanta demands it! ... now excuse me... I'm going  back to bed. Ow.
<review# 1743,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2009,10/24/2009,172,868,6,20,8>It's called the fabulous Fox for a reason.  It's just quite simply...fabulous.  It doesn't matter where you sit or what you see, you are almost guaranteed to have a good time in this beautiful theatre.  A couple of tips:-Bathroom lines for women are ridiculously long, except at the secret bathrooms at the very top of the theatre in the gallery section.  If you're seated in the balcony, turn around and face the back of the theatre and take the stairs to your right allllll the way to the back of the theatre.  There's a secret ladies room right behind the last row of chairs that never has a line.-When you exit, miss the mass of people leaving the main door and take the exterior staircase which you can reach through the doors marked "EXIT" on the left hand side as you face the stage.  Gorgeous view of the skyline, and you pass the stage door so you can stalk any of the celebrity performers.-For musicals, watch out for half off tickets for Tuesday and Wednesday night performances when purchased at a Publix Ticketmaster.  I just saw 42nd street and my (nosebleed) seats were only $11 plus fees.  That's basically the same price as the movie.-The Fox website has a neat interactive feature where you plug in your seat number and you can see a picture of the view of the stage from your seat.  There really is no bad seat in the house!-If by some freak accident you did get a bad seat, the ushers are really nice about not only letting you switch to a better, empty seat during intermission, but also keeping an eye out for the best unoccupied seats to aide in your unofficial ticket upgrade.And doesn't seeing a show in a theatre as opposed to a "theater" just make you feel classy?  It's the little things.
<review# 1744,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/13/2009,10/23/2009,34,78,6,8,5>Is it just me or has anyone else noticed an abnormal number of listings for Stone Mountain Park? Hm...Stone Mountain Park and I have a very long and tumultuous relationship.  I started coming to this park when I was just a wee little one. This was way before new ownership came in and took over the park turning it into what many might refer to a mini-amusement park.With that said, I'm also going to admit to the fact I haven't tried out some of the new play areas (e.g. the climbing walls, the rope bridges, etc). However, I have plenty of experience with everything else Stone Mountain offers.I'll break it down into several categories that sum up part of what you can get when you enter the park ($8 gets you in):1) Exercise: Want to feel like you accomplished something? Well you will once you put on your hiking shoes and climb the 1+mile hike to the top. Ah, I remember many a day when I was in better shape and hiking up and down was a daily ritual for me. Now I'd probably pass out 1/2 way up, but heck I'd still be having fun and that's what matters.2) A place to make-out: Thank God my mother doesn't Yelp. Yes, I said it. I admit in my younger days taking advantage of the random hidden spots throughout the park. I will also stick firmly to the fact that "We were doing nothing officer." 3) Visual Stimulation: Ha, I said stimulation. Yes, I have the maturity of a gnat. Anyways, the laser show still makes me happy. I've seen it hundreds of times and have loved each and every experience. I can't help but cry when they play Proud to Be an American and the fireworks go off. Sigh. Alcohol is not allowed, but I highly suggest making a batch of jell-o shots and stuffing them in a cooler.Stone Mountain can make for a nice day. You likely don't want to visit every weekend, but maybe once a year or two you'll find yourself having a good ole time.
<review# 1745,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/22/2008,10/21/2009,179,339,7,9,8>I have been to Mopps several times this football season - joining Gretchen O. and the gang for some Steelers action. This Public House attracts a good crowd on Sundays and they love their Steelers. So, be prepared for a potential loss of hearing if the Steelers are scoring big. The main bar area has one wall covered with TV's so you can catch other games if interested. The service is good and the beer reasonably priced and for those beer aficionados, a huge variety of beers on tap. I finally tried the lemon pepper chicken wings and have to say they were delish. Great flavor and perfectly deep fried. Mmmm. It's been fun to come here and watch football with the group, but not sure I would head here for any other reason. Oh, and valet parking - I mean, really.......
<review# 1746,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/15/2009,10/20/2009,183,150,5,6,5>Went to Flip Burger finally! The hours were hard to get used too because they are closed between 3-5pm.  So I get inside and decided to have a seat At the food bar...I am NOT a fan of those stupid trendy bar seats! Ordered a Flip Burger w/ Bleu Cheese, fries and a Krispy  Kream shake.  I requested the burger without the flip sauce (which is just thousand island dressing) BUT it came drench in the stuff. So I had to send the burger back and waited for a new burger while I entertained myself with the yummy fries.  (The fries where indeed VERY good but not nearly enough).Finally my new burger came and it was pretty good BUT not at all worth the $13.50 i paid for the meal!  So if you are into getting a little bit of food for your money then FLIP BURGER is ur place. Oh I forgot to add...the Krispy Kream Shake is a diabetic coma waiting to happen.Summary...Food - good, service- good, worth the money...Ummm not really!
<review# 1747,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2008,10/19/2009,94,50,5,8,7>I came here last week and I still dream of the food.We were lucky to find the place open and stepped into their dining room that's in the process of being expanded.  One look into the lovely and lonely dining room, we joined the outdoor group and watched traffic pass by on Peachtree with a glass of wine. The food was thoroughly tasty.  The Calamari appetizer was a nice twist from the usual fried ones.  The calamari was in a wine & tomato sauce with pine nuts and couscous.  O so divine, it was like having a light soup.  Definitely made you want to getting every last drop by soaking bread in it.  The Black Spaghetti with sausage and rock shrimp was good.  Well, at least it was supposed to be rock shrimp, but it definitely was baby shrimp in the pasta instead.  Still, the ink pasta tasted very fresh and cooked just right, it was delicious with the sausage.  But I have to say my absolute favorite and the reason why I dream of the food was the Seasonal Risotto.   Duck confit with figs and balsamic glaze = MMMMMMMmmmmmm yummy!  The risotto was cooked perfectly and creamy.  The duck was wonderfully salty and tender, the figs gave it a little sweetness, and the balsamic glaze added the tiny bit of tartness that made you want another spoonful and another.  Absolutely amazing dish that would make you dream of risotto  . . . I didn't want to share once I'd had a bite!Such a lovely meal overall at a really great place.  Not having to dream about this place all the time would be nice, but since I don't know the hours of this place, it'll have to do.  Dreaming a little dream about the risotto. . . .
<review# 1748,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2009,10/18/2009,352,299,4,11,9>Brilliant! 56 wine choices (hence the name) paired with regionally inspired small plates ... heaven, right? I know, the tapas thing was a fad, but in some cases it works. Like in this case.Paul Agnelli is the executive chef -- a la Capital Grille and Van Gogh's glory. He definitely knows what he's doing. He partners with local dairies and farms to ensure he delivers fresh, tasty and wholesome ingredients. The menu is divided into the following categories: Land; Sea; Garden; Sweet. Je t'adore!Here's something to think about: Grilled Flatbread, BBQ Shrimp, J. Samuel Whiting BaconGreen Chile/Prosciutto Mac & CheeseJumbo Lump Crabmeat, Avocado, Grapefruit MojoGrilled Flatbread, Duck Confit, Fig Jam, Point Reyes Blue... and that's simply the beginning. Go ahead, swing by this new Buckhead gem, and thank me later.Cheers!
<review# 1749,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2008,10/17/2009,153,307,3,5,5>My fellow yelper friend Bobbin told me they had the BEST red velvet cupcakes.....so I went to try them out. I got there at 7AM on the dot because I wanted some breakfast too. The inside is very homely.....they have a beautiful fireplace...which added a lovely touch to the place. I grabbed a seat at the bar and ordered my food to go. I ordered the blue plate which consisted of two eggs, bacon, biscuit, and potatoes. I looked at the desserts......it was 7 in the mornin which explains why they didn't have any red velvet yet....so i opted for the classic vanilla cupcake. My food was really good. I don't like eggs at all....but I loved theirs. I ate every single little eggy up. the potatoes were the best. I still kind of dream about them at night. bacon was good to. I was too full to even touch the biscuit. The cupcake was ok....but I think i need to go back and try the red velvet. Will definitely be back for breakfast. Very reasonable price. Blue plat is 6.95, Plus there open EVERYDAY of the week...and they serve breakfast all day. Oh and free wifi!!! And they have a new parking deck woohooo!!!!And the servers are REALLY friendly and sweet!
<review# 1750,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2009,10/16/2009,216,175,19,14,13>I won't speak too much about the clothes here, which all do what they should.  You only need look to the bras to see that this stuff is the definition of function over form, a fact made abundantly clear ever time you pass the neighboring Victoria's Secret (how cruel is that, by the way)?  This particular Destination Maternity gets its four stars from me for its genius store layout.  Situated right next to the changing rooms are 2 comfortable lounge chairs and a large screen TV that is ALWAYS turned to ESPN or whatever the big game is.  Husbands and expectant fathers can sit down, let the wife shop, and barely need to tilt their head and grunt to show approval of whatever is being modeled.  It makes for a wonderful experience.  They also have another TV (with the volume turned down), that's situated right in front of a playpen for kids.  I'd be tempted to drop the children off for an hour or two, but I'm sure that's frowned upon.
<review# 1751,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2009,10/15/2009,64,208,5,7,5>I came here on Christmas Eve, but they were closed and I was devastated! Yesterday, I was in the area and went around 11:00am. When I walked in there were a couple of people in line in front of me. One guy ordered 2 dozen and I was thinking he better not get all the donuts!! When it was my turn to order, I asked the lady for a description of all the donuts. She was so sweet and explained them so very well. I guess that is why I came out with almost a dozen donuts. Here's what I got: Caramel Apple Fritter White Chocolate Fudge Dulce de Leche - yet another fave Cookies and Cream Fresh Strawberry N Cream - another favorite Reese's Peanut Butter Cup - my favorite Raspberry Filled Heart Frosted Croissant Atown Cream - my second favorite Okay, so I have more than one favorite. The Reese's is my favorite. I thought it was different yet so delicious! I couldn't leave without picking one so I chose all ones that looked so good! They had a great selection! There were a couple of others that I didn't get like the Mango and Hot Buns. Yes, I did sample all of them when I got home. How could you not?  They raised the price from $1 to $1.25-$1.50.The lady told me that I'll be back and I sure will!
<review# 1752,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/27/2009,10/13/2009,789,691,7,10,11>$7.49 for lunch buffet is a good deal - and even better when it's Brazilian. Except set your expectations - this is not a churrascaria, and like Jang C said, it's not Fogo de Chao quality either. Today's buffet had just 3 meat dishes - a layered cheese & ground beef mixture (tasty & looked kinda like lasagna), baked saffron chicken (juicy and yellow so we were guessing saffron), and beef (looked like Korean bulgogi - meat was tough though). The rest of the buffet had items like rice, beans, okra, cheese bread, mashed yuca, salad bar, etc. Food overall tasted pretty good, esp. for $7.49. Based on everyone's reviews, it looks like the items change daily. Service was very friendly. Only concern was where to put our dirty plates b/c while the servers were great about refills, they weren't so good about picking up the dirty plates. They were welcoming though when we handed the dirty plates to them. Customers mostly Brazilian. Like Daniel B, observed a lot of take-out orders. Only $4.49/lb for take-out. My friends & I wondered how many pounds we ate today.FYI - dinner price is $7.49, too.
<review# 1753,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2009,10/12/2009,216,382,3,7,3>I've started doing my own car maintenance after 6 years of getting fleeced by my BMW dealer's service department. Well, I screwed something up with the cooling fan. Based upon the reviews here, I had my car towed to Carma. I spoke to Alex, and he was able to get the fan, belt and pulley replaced the same day and for less than the "stealership" would have charged! I will continue to do my own maintenance and basic repairs, but when I have something serious that needs to be fixed, I will not hesitate at all to go to Carma.
<review# 1754,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2008,10/11/2009,97,42,6,6,5>Since Beleza opened, I stop by and get my drink on whenever Im have a "healthy week"... you know, we all have those spurts where we are determined to exercise everyday, eat organic grubs, etc, etc... well, mine usually lasts for about a week, then Im over it and in the zesto drive thru after a night of tequilas on the rocks somewhere on Buford Highway.  Beleza is heaven on a light feathery pillow... the atmosphere is calm and clean, the food is fresh and interesting, and the cocktails - are something to be reckoned with.A close friend of mine built their booze list when they first opened, and its still running strong to this day, for all the right reasons.  The focus mirrors the theme of the joint: fresh, organic, clean, crisp and for the most part, raw.  All of the fruits and veggies are prepped right in front of you at the hybrid bar/kitchen.  Kumquats, meyer lemons, chilies, herbs, lemon grass, ginger, agave, and acerola are just some of the stars you might spot.On a colder night my favorite is the Hanging Mary, a play on a bloody mary in martini form:  pepper and celery vodkas, spiced tamarillo juice, pink peppercorns, and sea salt.On Warmer, summer and especially spring evenings, the Caipirinhas cal my name... my choice of which is most definitely the meyer lemon or the key lime and coconut:  both made traditionally with Cachaca, and muddled with fresh fruits and crushed ice.
<review# 1755,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/1/2009,10/10/2009,214,189,6,12,5>Another warning about the relative size of Royal Foot Spa--since the venue is so small, the number of staff ready to offer foot massages is very low; so low, in fact, that a crowd of patrons demanding different services will definitely impact the quality of your own.  I came here today with a friend, both ordering foot massages.  When we arrived, there was only one patron in a foot massage chair, and at least two others in the body massage rooms.  My friend waited a few minutes for her own massage to begin, but before more staff arrived, a number of other patrons came in seeking services--eventually there would be two people in the waiting area, in addition to three people sitting in the chairs soaking their feet for over 30 minutes while waiting for someone to get to them. I had to wait about 20 minutes for my own foot massage to begin, and the masseuse turned out to be the manager/proprietor, who proceeded to give me the most frantic, rough, haphazard, and painful massage that I've received sampling places along Buford Highway, spending much of the time more concerned about the growing queue of patrons than my foot massage.  Frankly, it was rather irritating, and I left feeling more stressed than when I had sat down. The saving grace for this visit was that my friend, in her own words, had a "fantastic" massage (we had come to celebrate one of her personal milestones).  The next time I go to Royal, I'm going to make sure that I check the wait time and availability before sitting down for service.
<review# 1756,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2009,10/9/2009,298,329,2,6,7>I love, love, love Com. Com has made me reevaluate what 5 star food really tastes like, and other places I've reviewed should be relieved I reviewed them before I fell in love with Com a few weeks ago. I've eaten there three times this week, and my mom and brother have eaten there twice in three days. The menu has a lot of choices, and everything I have ever seen come out of the kitchen looks incredible. Though it's difficult to tell exactly what you're getting by the descriptions on the menu, the waiters speak excellent English and can help you find whatever you like. They also have no problem customizing a dish (I always ask for no rice or vermicelli, and they replace this with lettuce and veggies at no extra charge). I usually get the Bun Tom Nuong with grilled shrimp, and it's amazing every time. The flavor of all their meats is incredible and cannot be recreated at home; everything is charcoal-smoked/grilled, and it's perfectly complemented by the delicious fish sauce served on the side. I recommend that everyone try what Com is most well-known for: the "Com Special", or fragrant rice dish, that comes with rice, an egg, a shrimp-crab cake, and your choice of meat. It sounds like an interesting combo, but everyone I have taken there has been left speechless after eating it. My brother, a rice aficionado, said that even their basic white rice is the best he's ever had.It's family owned and run, and it's always the same 4-5 servers there every time I go. Com gets good business during lunch, but they get you seated quickly. The clientele are a good mix of businessmen, ladies catching up, and many Vietnamese (always a good sign that you're eating at an authentic place). The restaurant itself is hidden away in the corner of an easy-to-miss shopping center near the Clairmont and Buford Highway intersection. It's behind a gas station and is difficult to see from the road (it's not as sketchy as it sounds, I promise). The inside is nothing noteworthy, but it's clean, and I have no complaints.You really can't go wrong with anything on the entire menu. The quality is hard to beat, and the prices are incredible. My beloved shrimp dish and the Com Special are each under $8. The Dunwoody Com location doesn't even remotely compare to this one, and the menu and prices are different. I cannot recommend this place highly enough. Just go.
<review# 1757,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2009,10/8/2009,489,857,9,7,6>My friends from LA usually say this place sucks compared to the ones in Chinatown LA blah blah blah. Whatever, I like this place. And since I'm not in LA, San Fran, or NY Chinatown for real, authentic, street Chinese food; Chef Liu's "fake," "unauthentic," street Chinese food will do. Like everyone wrote, this place is in a shack. Being in a shack will make the food taste a bit better, even if the food is packed with grease and oil like Chef Liu's. As much as I like this place, coming here too much will make me sick because of the heavy amount of oil and soy sauce. But when do street Chinese vendors care about your health?I tried most of their dumplings, buns, oil sticks, soups, pancakes, etc., I love them all. If you never had Chinese food outside of P.F. Chang's, come to Chef Liu's and see what a real low-quality Chinese food taste like.
<review# 1758,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/3/2008,10/7/2009,215,493,8,13,11>To me, the name sounds too much like Del Taco and brings back memories of late-night drive-thrus, crappy tacos and too many packets of Del Scorcho sauce.  Despite the similar name and its connotations for me, The Original El Taco is decidedly different from Del Taco.To start off, the staff is friendly.  Very friendly.  The host/hostess stand people were nice, the bartenders were nice and our server was nice.  Our server was also efficient and we received our food quickly, although she did get a few things wrong about the menu (she recommended an item that didn't exist and made a questionable recommendation on a substitution) but overall she was fine.  And, she made sure we had enough chips and that we were aware of when we won our cheese dip - woo hoo!  The cheese dip was good, too, and probably even better because it was free.We stuck to tacos and I tried three of them: the fried chicken, rellenos and the fried tilapia.  The rellenos taco comes on a crunchy corn shell but our server highly recommended substituting a soft flour tortilla instead.  I think this was a bad recommendation.  The chile relleno is very soft and it would have been fantastic with a crunchy corn tortilla.  It was still pretty good but I think it could have been better and I do want to try it again.  The fried chicken taco was very good, probably my favorite.  The tilapia taco was good once I dressed it up with the sauces and condiments from the salsa bar.  My friends did not dress theirs up and they all commented that it was bland.  I also ordered the grilled corn and it was very tasty (I put extra cilantro from the salsa bar in it, too).And, we had the frozen mojitos.  They earn a star unto themselves.The rest of the menu sounds interesting and it is all still pretty reasonably priced.  I do plan to venture beyond tacos on future visits.The decor is nice.  I like the casual setting, pretty reasonable prices and potent drinks.  It's fun.  I think it's a good neighborhood spot (TONS of kids in there with their families around 6:30 on a Thursday) but I will venture here again even though it's not in my neighborhood.  I also like the big parking lot and that I do not have to valet park my car.
<review# 1759,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2009,10/6/2009,145,302,11,3,9>On a blind date 30 minute waitDate wanted wineHer ID was not fineStarted with gnocchiIt was okayGrouper was good Salmon was betterMurphy's was decentPricey, but whatever!
<review# 1760,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2008,10/5/2009,458,1067,7,9,9>I was a virgin here until Kit F. took me last night and shared part of the 10:00 burger he scored (that could be taken soooo many ways... oh wait, so could that *ba doom dah*). OMG! Best ever! Seriously!I really appreciated the cool drink menu typed out in the illusion of a ransom note taped to cardboard and then laminated.  The bartenders were amazing and I love that my check showed my server as Darth V. (apparently another Kit joke).Tulie L. and Pam L. were there along with Sean M.  We all nibbled on samples from Tulie's plate (for once I was asking if I could have a bite) and everything was delicious, creative, and had me wanting more.So... I'll gladly have more.  See you soon H+F!
<review# 1761,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2009,10/4/2009,94,68,4,5,7>AWESOME!  AWESOME!  AWESOME!  I LOVE MARU SUSHI FOREVER!!!!Well, I love sushi. Period.  But Sonhee and Joseph (owners) are the best at what they do!  First, Joseph is a professionally trained chef, who is constantly coming up with new creations and delicious foods to feature on the dinner menu (once he made a roll called Banana Republic that featured tuna and fried banana...I know it may sound strange, but it was to die for!!!).  Second, the lunch buffet is OUT OF THIS WORLD, outrageously good (and very good price...only $10 for all you can eat, GREAT quality sushi, kept clean and cold (nothing worse than warmish sushi), with a choice of soup or salad, and there's a variety of hot foods like delicious fried rice, vegetable tempura, crab rangoons, and crunchy chicken).  If you're not feelin' the buffet vibe, you can also choose a bunch of yummy things from the lunch menu like teriyaki chicken, donkatsu (crunchy fried pork), or my all time favorite U-don.  Dinner is slightly different in that there is no buffet, but don't let that stop you from coming to try some of the awesome items featured for dinner, which are sure to impress any skeptic.  The food is always arranged beautifully, and is sure to please your taste buds!Third, the ambience is just the best!  The restaurant has cute decorations everywhere and enhances the whole meal experience.  I LOVE how they  play K-pop at lunch; it just puts me in the best mood ever!  If I'm having a not-so-great day, I just come here and it makes everything a lot happier!One more thing: I also gotta say that this place is soooo good that we asked them to cater our wedding reception...and they did!!!  It was a major hit with all of our guests  (ok, I know EVERYONE says that about their own wedding crap, but I'm totally serious about this one)!  They were able to do so much within our budget...I mean, FAR beyond what I ever could have imagined!!!  There was all sorts of food for everyone's taste and no one left hungry...in fact, everyone got to take leftovers 'cause there was so much!!  We got so much more for our money with Maru Sushi than if we had gone with the same ol', same ol' "chicken or fish" wedding caterers.  THANK YOU MARU SUSHI!!! YOU'RE THE BEST!!! :)
<review# 1762,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/10/2009,10/3/2009,35,125,12,5,5>You can't go home again.For most of my adult life, the Clermont was... not a well-kept secret, but a sort of talisman or charm that could be used to ward away the unwary.  It was like admission into a secret society - you'd been THERE and you'd seen BLONDIE and the BEER CANS and oh my god it was the awesomest/weirdest/craziest place you'd ever been.  And that's how it worked for a long time.  You go down into the Stygian depths, drink the foul PBR swill, and wait for Chuck Norris to drive a pickup truck through the wall and start whipping asses - it was that kind of place.But like I said, you can't go home again.  I took an out-of-town friend by just to show the place off, Initiate him into the Mysteries, if you will.  There was a concert going on.  At the Clermont.  Some awful hipster band playing ironic covers of Lady Gaga while Emory kids flopped and jerked in what I presumed was enjoyment.  The hell is wrong with you kids?  You come to the Clermont to see women of ...let's say unconventional beauty standards doing their thing.   You come for a massive dose of vintage sleaze, not for some herky jerky irony-mongering indie rock garbage.  First they had dance night, then they added karaoke, and the indie rock shows are kind of the final straw - the Clermont isn't really a sketchy-ass dive bar anymore, it's a groteque lurching self-parody of itself.  There's no sense of danger or even really of transgressiveness - how can you be awed by Portia's unique talents when there's some spastic mustached jerkwad on the other side of the room drowning everything out with his awfulness?  It feels like it's stopped being about screwed-up weird insanity and now it's just MJQ with ironic sagging breasts.  I don't know when it happened, but either the Clermont got old and fat and boring, or I did.  Ten years ago, the Clermont was an easy five and a must-see.  Now?  It's a three-and-a-half, less on any given theme night.  I guess that's the problem - I got old, but the dumbass college kids stayed the same age.  It's no longer the kind of bar that 1986 Chuck Norris would break into and fight crooks, it's the kind of bar that 2009 Chuck Norris would go into as the guest of honor at a 80s Nostalgia Kitsch Festival.  This is not my beautiful Clermont Lounge, this is Clermont-Brand Novelty Dive Bar Experience Product.  Enjoy it in good health!  You can't go home again.
<review# 1763,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2009,10/2/2009,151,479,6,6,5>I haven't reviewed Rosebud?  How?  Oh, too busy eating.The review in a word: *Squee*In the times I've been here, I've always managed to see the same wonderful server.  Even at the tail end of the Food 101 days.  She's a delight and does know about everything on the menu.  Her recommendations have been dead-on, even when they include ingredients I typically detest.The food comes from fresh ingredients sourced as well as inhumanly possible.  These folks support the Morningside Farmer's market that gathers outside on Saturdays.  If you know the SF Bay area, imagine an *authentic* Southern feel in a reasonably priced restaurant around the Ferry Building.  I said imagine because that would be impossible on many counts, but they've managed to find and nurture a similar idea here in Atlanta.  Sticking to serious Southern influences helps them stick with local and seasonal ingredients when feasible, but they don't limit themselves.  The menu feels like the chef is having fun with the boundaries.I've had meat-heavy dishes (the sliders are more than an appetizer), things with mayo (that I *should* hate, but the Ahi tuna melt is amazing), a wonderful liver-pickle combo on toast...  Can't even remember everything right now.  It all has been great, and it's given me some fun ideas.  Alas, I really can't cope with eggs, so a large swath of their brunch menu is inaccessible, but I'm quite happy with the remaining options.  And if it says "Riverview Farms", eat it.  They raise the best pig I've tasted in the area so far.  (That farm also comes to the Morningside Market.  Sometimes in "I dig the pig" shirts.  Oh yeah.)And with this crazy Monday $5 thing, well, *squee*.
<review# 1764,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2008,9/30/2009,440,453,15,26,8>So on a bit of  a whim we de decided to hit Uptown.  I had probably driven by it 100 times, always thinking, I need to hit that spot one day.So we did.  From the outside it looks pretty crappy, dilapidated, horrible....whatever you want to call it, it just looked bad.As we pulled up, one of the host quickly gave us the "hook up" charging us $30 for vip parking and admission.  A deal that saved us about 5 or 6 bucks, but you know, its a recession so everybody has a little come up.We stood in line for about 20 minutes as they cleaned up the venue from the previous show.  Finally walking in, the place was a lot bigger that I anticipated.Basically as soon as you sit down, waitresses are there to take orders, this place was definitely run very efficiently.So things you need to know:a)  The wings and veggie buger are pretty damn good.b)  The drinks are expensive, actually the whole damn experience is expensive, so go in there knowing you are going to spend 80 bucks off top.c)  You have to buy 2 items either from the food list or the drink list if you are coming to the show.  Dont think if your azz asks for a ice water, they wont bring out a bottle of "Voss" (i think thats what its called) and charge your azz $7.The comedians on this particular night (especially the "headliner") were hilarious, and brought a lot of well needed laughs.  This is definitely something that I'd like to do again....just gotta find away to get free tickets or something!
<review# 1765,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2009,9/28/2009,192,123,8,13,13>I'm known for my weird piercing fetish and my love of everyone elses ink. For the past 6 years I've been yearning for a tattoo of my own to admire. While chatting it up with friends I finally decide on the design I want to follow me around for the rest of my life. My friend tells me about her BF and how he swears by Black Cat, she also has a spiderweb covering her entire lower back courtesy of Black Cat. On my birthday I'm thinking of what to get myself...A TATTOO. I head out to Black Cat. Scott was my tattooist (is that a word?). Very sweet guy. I take in the picture that I wanted and explain to Scott where I would like for him to put it. He takes his time explaining to me the procedure (what it feels like, the time it takes and the pain in comparison to piercings). It took Scott all of 30 minutes to tat me up. He was very friendly, full of conversation. He didn't mind my random outburst of laughter. This place was very clean, Scott freely showed pictures of his art as well as his license. If I ever decide to get another Tattoo,  I'll be returning to Scott at Black Cat Tattoo.
<review# 1766,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2008,9/27/2009,69,132,5,7,8>I have to start by giving South City Kitchen *massive* props; they impressed my parents.  And that is NOT an easy job!  Whenever I go out to eat with my dad, I hold my breath a little.  He is notorious for causing scenes at restaurants.  And I don't mean just sending his steak back if it's not cooked right.  One time he bitched out our server at Il Pasticio in Savannah for not distributing a bottle of wine around the table well enough and made him cry.  No seriously, he refused to be our server and pushed us to someone else.    So yeah, I'm always a little scared to take him anywhere.  And I was even more scared this time because Kyle had chosen the restaurant.  And I'm sure we all know how dads love to be harsh on the boyfriends...   He complained a little at first.. We had to wait a few mins for the table even though we had reservations... The wine list could be bigger..  But he was nothing but smiles and compliments once he tried the food!  We passed around chicken livers, fried green tomatoes, and shrimp for appetizers.  I don't do bizarre organs, but my dad really loved them and my mom was impressed by the shrimp, which is shocking since she grew up on the river and is a total shrimp snob.       As for the entrees, all I remember is my vegetable plate!  I love vegetable plates and this was a great one!  I also appreciated that our server graciously allowed me to substitute for one of the items.  Crisp, sweet corn, field peas, green beans...  All flavorful and delicious!  And get this:  It was my birthday and at the end of my meal, a little baby chocolate bread pudding showed up with candles.  Now this wouldn't have been surprising at all, except that no one left the table the whole meal!  How is this possible?!  Turns out, Kyle had noted that it was my birthday on his online reservation.  Way to make the boyfriends/husbands of the world look awesome!    Great food, great service, and a great birthday!  Also, my parents liked South City Kitchen so much that they opted to return on their next visit to Atlanta!
<review# 1767,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/27/2008,9/26/2009,122,348,3,4,5>It was cold out tonight, and nothing sounded better than a steaming hot bowl of pho. So I followed my fellow Yelpers' advice and gave this place a try. It is nothing to look at, but I was more interested in the food than the ambience. I had steamed shrimp rolls, and pho tom. Delicious! This is a real family restaurant, and the staff was very nice, offering a pot of hot tea as soon as I sat down. Oh, and it is cheap. I mean dirt cheap. Gotta love that!
<review# 1768,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2009,9/25/2009,220,218,2,9,6>Yummy!  I went here for the third time today, and, as always, it is delectable.  I tend to steer vegetarian and the spices and flavors consumed at Panahar are amazing.  Though I have not been to many "Bangladeshi" restaurants before (as I would assume most people have not), I really love this place.  To me, it is comparable to Indian food (probably bc the country itself is sub-continental Asia, located right next to India).The owner and servers truly make you feel at home and very welcomed, and that accomodates the food to equate to 5 stars in my book.  The servers are so attentive and are very sweet, and I really appreciate them.Today I went there and tried the buffet which is moderately priced at $8.41.  I also had a Spiced Unsweet Chai Tea (yum).  Though I could only fit two plates worth in my belly, the food hit the spot.  The naan (aka, bread) is delicious.  Plus, they are VERY vegetarian friendly and incorporated 4/6 meals vegetarian on their buffet line, with a beef and a chicken meal as well.  That's my style.In regards to your alcohol drinking, they don't actually serve alcohol.  However, you can bring your own booze (BYOB) and they don't charge anything to cork it, or I suppose you could open it yourself if you opt for beer.  Afterwards, there is both a bowling alley and a pool hall in the same shopping center for some extra fun (and hustling, possibly ;). Lastly, it on Buford Highway located close to Lenox Rd. and Buckhead, so you won't have to drive too far if you live in the city such as myself.  You gotta veer out of your comfort zone and try this place... It is worth it!!!
<review# 1769,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/17/2009,9/23/2009,35,105,8,7,3>If Fogo de Chao adopted a child, raised it up right in the ways of amazing grilled meats, then started beating it forcing it to leave home and fend for itself without ever knowing all the secrets of the art of the Churrascaria, it would probably turn out like Sal Grosso.The food was good, i can't complain to much about it. What i can complain about is that the cuts of meat we're so thin you could almost see through them. Some of the cuts were over done which is unforgivable when comparing this place to Fogo which is almost always perfect. There didn't seem to be quite the variety of meats available as with other similar resturants buts thats ok. If the ones they have are done well then variety can slip a bit... but they weren't. If i'm going to a Brazilian Steakhouse i wants cuts of steak and i want them to be juicy and tender and most of them were. Its just that they weren't consistent. One time it comes around and its great, the next time, its cold, or well done.As for the other stuff. The service was good if not as attentive as "other" places. The resturant itself was nice, if somewhat small. The seating was very comfortable and modern which was a nice change from the formatilty of Fogo. Oh and the price, it was nice, what can i say. It was a good bit cheaper for me and the wife than a trip to Fogo and a little closer to home.Overall, I wish i could give half stars because i'd give this place 3.5. I'll go back again, perhaps several time. I think this place has a lot of potential and it seems to be fairly popular as it seems busy most of the time.
<review# 1770,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/29/2008,9/22/2009,68,107,3,8,4>I went to 4th & Swift for a belated birthday dinner last week. It was good, but not great - I'd give 3.5 starsWe'll start with the good:Space - I thought the space was very well done. it captures the vibe and ambiance like a Rathbun's or Two Urban Licks, but manages to keep the noise under a dull roarService -  service was great. Attentive, but not stalking. Even brought out a dessert with happy birthday written on it in chocolate (they asked when I made the rezzie)Bread - the cheese biscuits are very dense, but very goodScallops - I don't eat seafood and didn't try these, but 2 people in my party ordered them and cleaned their plates.Chicken Livers - Again, not something I would eat, but they were devoured by the rest of the tableMac & Cheese - this was my side dish and I loved it. Very creamy, but with a nice crust on top. not greasy at all.The OK:Cheese Plate - individually the cheeses were good, but they were all pretty strong. For a cheese plate, I would have preferred a few mild cheeses thrown in for balanceThree Little Pigs - it was good, but nothing really jumped out at me. The sausage was a sausage. The belly was good, but a bit too fatty. The loin was also good, but I felt it was a bit undercooked (was more medium-rare than medium).Chocolate Peanut butter torte - I love peanut butter and  chocolate together, but this was just ok. the crust was a bit too hardI'd return if someone else wanted to go, but probably not a place I'd select as my choice.
<review# 1771,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2008,9/21/2009,194,166,5,8,8>Now this is a true Gastropub! They pour great drinks and serve very good cuisine even though they bill themselves as a neighborhood tavern.What makes Marlows special is that their menu "offers a diverse combination of classic dishes that are updated and elevated to gourmet level" according to their Web site. And that they do.We tried some pulled pork tacos and shrimp and grits (classic Southern fare).  OH. MY. GOD. Both were to die for.  The pulled pork tacos were three flour tortillas overflowing with the most moist, tender and delightful pulled pork I've ever tried. They were topped with shredded cheese, cilantro and a little lettuce and tomato.  They were the perfect Summertime lunch.The shrimp and grits came a close second to the best shrimp and grits I ate at Fleet Landing in Charleston, S.C. What's cool about this dish is that they flash-fry their grits into two grit cakes and cover them in a very good wine sauce with loads of shrimp, tomatoes, spinach and scallions. The grit cakes were the perfect blend of creaminess!I also tried the raspberry cheesecake and it was good, but I prefer my cheesecake NY style.This is an upscale bar in my opinion and is a great place to take a date, hold a business lunch or meet friends before a night out. There's something for everyone and did I mention they pour great drinks!  There's a Marlow's in various locations throughout Metro Atlanta so you have no excuse ... get thee to Marlow's!
<review# 1772,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2008,9/20/2009,44,108,8,10,7>In the south we like everything Sweet (Sah-weet), especially our tea and cake.  I know you're saying what the hell do you know, you were raised in CA but my grandma was a southern gal and raised me up on southern cooking/soul food which included mouth watering cakes.This is a cute little store (hard to find, it's on the back side of a strip mall plaza) They sell pastries and the closest to my grandma's poundcake that I've eaten:) And I am a picky sweet eater and super tough on poundackes cause grandma's were THE BEST!!  If you are on the South Southside give one of these little gems a try. It will set you back about 3 bucks for a miniature little poundcake.  I am going to order one for Christmas.P.S. Grandma if you're listening up there, this ain't got ya beat but it's close:)
<review# 1773,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2008,9/19/2009,193,83,9,8,3>I am pretty shocked that I am the only person to review the redneck nachos. How have you people not had the redneck nachos? It is pretty much the only thing I eat there, because I don't really like their sides and just a sandwich doesn't feel like a meal. There is a real art form to the redneck nachos, which consist of (for those of you who don't know) fries (of the generic frozen, but freshly fried variety), topped with great big hunks of smoked pulled pork, topped with shredded cheddar cheese (the kind that comes pre-shredded in a bag, not a lot of flavor, but good for melting). When this comes out to me (ONLY EAT IT THERE!!!!!) I first sprinkle it with the vinegar hot sauce so that it drips down and soaks into the hot fries, much like chips and vinegar, you lose some crispiness, but it's worth it for the flavor enhancement. Next comes the Carolina mustard sauce, again sprinkle liberally. I then like to write a message to myself across the top using the thick sticky sweet red sauce, like eat me, and finally if I feel like being a pig myself, which is most of the time, I will get a mayo packet from the condiment stand and squeeze that over the whole mess. Don't expect that you can eat this with your fingers.
<review# 1774,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2008,9/18/2009,120,167,6,8,7>Dogwood is becoming my go-to spot when I'm too lazy to cook, which is more often than I like to admit.  They took my burger and fries off the dinner menu, so I was forced to branch out.  Tonight I tried the cauliflower soup and the prosciutto & arugula salad.  The former was ahhhhhh-some.  It had brandied apples in it, and was just really great.  The latter was interesting.  Perhaps because it came with caramelized onions, and I am not an onion fan.  Not what I imagined in a salad, but how can you go wrong with arugula, prosciutto, and goat cheese?I love going to Dogwood because the bartenders Doc & Sterling totally take care of me.  Sterling is great about getting me to try new wines, other than chenin blanc.   He's a good teacher about wines, and isn't patronizing.  Doc is great, and the guy for mixed drinks.  Tonight I asked for a bartender's choice girly drink, and got an amazing concoction from Doc consisting of Absolut Pears and a mystery ingredient which turned out to be rosemary simple syrup.  Unfortunately I failed to ask its name.  But I got to be the first to be served it.  Yum.
<review# 1775,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2009,9/17/2009,71,72,,10,8>I live in the neighborhood of the Midtown Tavern (in fact I can see it from my living room window). When I first moved into my condo in 2006, I found that I had three taverns within two blocks. After trying all three, (The now closed Spotted Dog and O'Terrill's being the others) the Midtown Tavern became the place that I would go to grab a beer, maybe watch a game or play trivia.  It has a nice long bar with a decent beer selection and reasonable prices. I found the staff to be friendly and provide good service. In time I started meeting people, joined Yelp and my visits to Midtown Tavern became less and less.  Recently that changed as some fellow Yelpers have been bit by the Karaoke bug so I have been back a few time lately. They have recently changed the menu and early returns are positive. The chicken fingers are huge and very moist.  They have a couple of old pool tables and a dart board and a large patio out front. The main drawback is that when it gets crowded it is really smokey. This is a three and half star place that I am rounding up to four.
<review# 1776,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2009,9/16/2009,10,94,8,8,4>I waited patiently for an opportune time to visit the highly-praised and often-criticized Varasano's Pizzeria. It opened several months ago to droves of salivating foodies willing, and ready, to give their opinion on the matter. Me? Of course I want my opinion to be heard. This is the internet after all, what else is it good for except semi-anonymous blunt opinion? First impressions held me back however, hearing stories of service miscues, quality discrepancies, and the general happenings of a newly-opened restaurant.This, is not one of those stories. I am here to tell teh interwebs that my pizza was awesome. The Nucci and Nana both were terrific. What else can, or should, I say? I could describe slice-folding experience in every detail, but the blogosphere has already taken this one over. Go and enjoy a slice, or five.
<review# 1777,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2009,9/15/2009,174,396,9,10,6>I went to Yogurberry last night with a friend.  We had enjoyed a huge dinner at Lola's and left too full for dessert.  However, on the way out we decided to spend some time in the breezeway-like common area of the Terminus complex.  Through some trick of architecture, it feels like an oceanside patio (minus the salt air - sorry, Atlanta is still landlocked) on a 90-plus-degree Atlanta night.Anyway, we were availing ourselves of the lovely breeze when we noticed that there was a yogurt place nearby.  After 9 pm, it was still open and we were starting to feel like there might be room for dessert so we checked it out.The place was, um...  kind of a madhouse.  After the light and breezy outdoor sitting area, it felt warm and kind of stuffy.  And the man who was working the register seemed REALLY hyper.  He also seemed to be trying REALLY hard to sell the three-topping specials.  The hectic atmosphere of the store is probably the only thing preventing me from giving it 5 stars, because our yogurt was really good and they were not stingy with samples so we could make an informed choice.After trying the strawberry and cream flavor (tasty but a little too sweet for me), I became intrigued by the pretty and exotic light-purple taro yogurt.  Being kind of a sucker, I did actually choose a 3-topping special, the "Brian special."  According to the really hyper guy, it was named after him.  The "Brian special" consisted of mochi, coconut shavings, and fresh strawberries.  The reason I say I'm a sucker is that I don't even LIKE coconut shavings.  They were good combined with the other two toppings and combined with the taro yogurt, though.  You learn something new every day.  I have learned that I don't always hate coconut.  Who knew?I have heard of mochi before but have never had occasion to try it.  It is, I believe, what another Yelper has referred to as a "hairy gummy bear."  I think it might taste disgusting on its own, but it was actually really good on my yogurt.  Hyper Brian (if he is reading this, I hope he knows that I mean it in an affectionate way) was quick to point out that most of my toppings were inside the yogurt because customers preferred an even distribution of the toppings so they didn't run out.  I actually think this is pretty ingenious.There appeared to be a very wide range of toppings, so I was actually really happy that Hyper Brian had made recommendations.  Looking at the menu was a little overwhelming, but it is awesome that there are so many selections.The yogurt itself was damn good.  I recently tried Yoforia, and I think Yogurberry is a lot better.  I liked that fact that it actually tasted like YOGURT.  Go figure!  My friend tried the "original" flavor, which was tart and tasted kind of like frozen plain yogurt.  I think she was jealous of my softly sweet taro yogurt, but you kinda have to respect the truth in advertising, too.  :)I was pleasantly surprised by our Yogurberry experience.  I think I am finally beginning to understand what the Asian frogurt craze is all about.  I look forward to another visit and an opportunity to try more flavors and toppings.
<review# 1778,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2008,9/14/2009,354,392,7,11,5>For my sister's 30th birthday I wanted to get her a special cake, because  she recently found out that she and gluten are no longer friends. So I turned to the web to find a local bakery that could make her the gluten-free cake of her chocolate-filled dreams.Metrotainment definitely came to my rescue!  They took the order with maybe 2-3 days notice, and they made her the biggest freaking chocolate cake I had seen in awhile!    It definitely looked delicious, but when it was time to cut it I was very worried because I really wanted it to be perfect for her.  By the look on her face after her first bite, I thought she was going to throw her party guests aside and rip the damned thing apart like a starving pig with a full trough!The price was great for the size cake I got- I was sure it would be an average, maybe slightly less than average size for $35 but it was more than twice the size I had expected.  So from now on I know where my sister's cake will definitely be coming from- Metrotainment!
<review# 1779,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2008,9/13/2009,196,345,3,3,5>OK I'm finally updating my Cypress St review. I love their brunch! They have a great egg & cheese biscuit, a great vegetarian eggs benedict with mushroom and spinach, and great thick grits. Just make sure to tell them to make the egg runny on the benedict.In addition to the fab Sunday brunch, a nice summer evening playing chess out on the patio while slowly getting tipsy on red lemonades... perfection. They also have enough space inside and out that being there on a crowded evening is not unpleasant. I'm not terribly sold on their dinner food anymore (can't they put a veggie burger on their menu instead of just a portobello?), but as a neighborhood bar and brunch spot, this place cannot be beat.
<review# 1780,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2009,9/12/2009,35,52,6,5,5>From the other reviews it looks like the menu and front door need a little work.  But, I just went there for lunch and had a great experience.I had a very delicious roast pork sandwich that was a good mixture of texture, spice, and substance.  The sandwich came with a side of either wilted spinach, fries, or something else.  I got the spinach and was impressed. It was warm, and only lightly vinegary... nice.The other two both had the salmon salad and both thought it was a tasty and healthy option.  It looked good, with golden raisins, granny smith apples, spinach, and some seasoning. Personally, I had grown bored of the Tech square options, and am very happy that this place has come in, and is reasonably priced.Welcome WaterHaven.  Now explain your name.
<review# 1781,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/5/2009,9/11/2009,245,510,6,9,8>NY corner slice review:Erin told me about this place ages ago, and I've had it faithfully bookmarked since along with a number of other za joints up the 75 corridor, a virtual heaven for a pizza lover. I finally made it up that way....somehow....getting lost as usual whenever I'm around the mocking big chicken seemingly laughing at me whenever I drive by it....knowing that I am as usual lost. This za was pretty good, definitely worth the trip (for this one time anyway) and better than many in-town za joints. The crust had very good flavor, different. It was familiar but couldn't quite get it. After a few slices I finally got it, it tasted like a good NYC bagel. Some may say 'well I don't want my za to taste like a bagel'...which is probably true, but it worked. The crust however, lacked any char although crispy, thin and bubbled. End crust was a bit thick. I asked for light cheese since the southern pizza seems to be globbed with too much cheese no matter what you ask for. Same applies here...the cheese was good quality though, nice pull, but for a 'light cheese' request there was just too much. The sauce was very good though not enough (another common problem with the southern za). It had more spice than sweetness which is always a bonus.... Overall, a solid constructed za, would I get lost near the mocking big chicken to eat it again? Not sure....but I would definitely make it a stop when I am in the area, most likely lost. I give it my 'average za in Atlanta rating'....from the NY Pizza Guy.
<review# 1782,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/16/2009,9/9/2009,1969,871,5,8,6>Old School Southern! Classic! I've never eaten in such a place with so much history and appreciation for the charm of the south. The food was southern and basic home style cookin...I agree with everyone else, this is a great place to take out of towners, which is why my friend brought me here and I will take my guests here as well.Smothered Fried Chicken over rice with gravy and two sides Green Beans and of course Fried Okra.When you want some real home cooked food and your missing your mom's cooking, go immediately to Mary Mac's Tea Room, you will not be disappointed.
<review# 1783,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2009,9/6/2009,216,468,5,7,5>Drum roll folks...this is my very first 5-star review for a restaurant. Ta da!!Not that I'm stingy or anything. I'm just loosening up a bit. And last night having experienced JCT's Sunday Supper, I was just so happy and impressed and amazed and all that good stuff, that I couldn't help but think, "Wow, I'm gonna pop my 5-star cherry at JCT Kitchen!!" Sunday supper is a "meat and three" fixed price menu for $24 a person. The table shares a plate of biscuits, a salad and three side dishes, then everyone chooses their own meat for the entree. The biscuits were fresh and warm. The salad was spot on, bibb lettuce with corn nibblets, sun-dried tomatoes, etc. with a light citrus dressing. For the table we ordered mashed potatoes with caramelized onions, squash casserole and mac-n-cheese. Can't go wrong with any of these -- potatoes were buttery smooth; the yellow squash casserole was baked with cheese (of course) and was quite delicious, and the mac-n-cheese was awesome. I normally avoid macaroni in a restaurant because I've found it usually comes out like a big bowl of mush. Not at this kitchen.And for me, the piece de resistance...the veal meatloaf. Holy cow! Holy Baby Cow!! A generous slice of meatloaf, wrapped in bacon, with the most delicious pan sauce EVER, topped with super thin slices of oyster mushrooms. It was when I took a bite of this gift from the gods that I knew this was a 5-star meal.And just when you think it's over, as you're smiling with your hand on your pooch content with the world...out comes dessert. Carrot cake with cream cheese frosting. Yes, folks, that's how they roll at JCT Kitchen. Smile!PS: Service was good too.
<review# 1784,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2009,9/4/2009,357,369,15,15,14>I like the concept. I like the silly discounts.I kind of can't take all the khakis and screaming babies descending upon the area.First things first, the product: fine ingredients and innovative flavors.  True, true. Corn: It does indeed taste like corn. Which means it is yummy, but only for so many bites. I couldn't have more than a couple of spoonfuls unless someone dared me or if it were served alongside bacon ice cream.Lavender Ginger: Refreshing, light, with a good amount of zing. It's easily a winner among the choices.  Dulce de leche chunk: Eh. Handling dulce de leche is tricky, I've come to think. I've only really had it be successful in gelato form. It was bland and chunk-less. Coconut Jalapeño: I ordered this without even sampling it, so as to not hold up the line and out of a last minute curious impulse. Yowsa. It's not for the meek. I liked it and would have it again, but it's mood-dependent.  Like, when you want your nostrils to flare.Strawberry Lemon crepe: As it was really hot out, I didn't want to bring out the nutella or complex carbs. I settled for a clean crepe with only lemon juice and strawberries.  It came out piping hot...and stayed that way. It was fine, but not crave-inducing. +Silly discounts: On particular days [Tuesdays?] they have discounts if you dance for 20 seconds.  I've also heard of a kiss-your-partner discount.  Basically, make a lovable ass out of yourself. yay! + Environs: The parking lot gets really crowded and everyone seems to like to make an "event" out of going to Morelli's [I guess because there isn't much else in the area], so despite there being only so many chairs, people show up in posses, decked out in khaki shorts and polo shirts.  I know the gentrifying crowd is inevitable and part of the cycle, but it makes me a largely "to go" customer.I'll brave the yuppie crowd for some good shit, though.
<review# 1785,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2009,9/3/2009,126,292,3,10,7>I love breakfast. I truly believe it is the best meal of the day. Omelets, Pancakes, French Toast, Scrambles, Biscuits, etc. You can't go wrong! After countless weekends eating Flying Biscuit, Stone Soup, and even J. Chris. we decided to go for something new this morning. I had always noticed Gato Bizco across the street from the ever popular Flying Biscuit. Of course what stuck out most was the people going in and out happy and satisfied while I was still waiting, and waiting some more, for my name to be called. Upon entering the cross-eyed cat I put my name down on a waiting list with about 3 other names ahead of mine. The place is small, I'd say about 6 booths and a good size counter. Two women cook the food, one woman serves, and the owner, an older gentleman, seats and serves. I was immediatley asked if I wanted anything to drink while I waited, to which I jumped at the chance for a cup of coffee. We waited outside, looking at the mass of people outside Flying Biscuit and thanking God herself for not being one of them. Within ten minutes my name was called and we were seated at the counter. I was hoping for a counter seat after reading many reviews about being able to watch your food being cooked. The breakfast menu isn't huge, but it seems like it is with every item enticing you. I ended up ordering the half-size bizco omelet which came with onion, spinach, mushroom, and cheese. On the side I got an order of soysage, potatoes, and a biscuit. To say the least, it was a TON of food! But this being my first time here I wanted to try an assortment of things. Our food was out in about 10 minutes and I enjoyed watching the two women throw it together. I slowly attempted to tackle the enormous serving of breakfast heaven in front of me, and failed. The omelet was without a doubt the best that I have ever had. Each bite was filled with gooey cheesey goodness and the vegetables were evenly distributed throughout. The potatoes were perfectly seasoned, the biscuit was gynormous, flaky, and buttery, and the soysage was perfectly crispy. The service here was impeccable, not too in-your-face and not too layed back. We will definitely be returning, and this may become our new favorite breakfast spot.
<review# 1786,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2008,9/2/2009,78,97,5,9,7>Let me say I'm a huge fan. This may be the point where I'm starting to feel bad that 90% of my reviews are five stars, because there's no way for me to give this place six. Started off with Montrachet in tomato soup, and may I say that they did NOT go easy on the amount of chese they gave us. Three VERY generous chunks of delicious goat cheese complimented the tomato and french baguette extremely well. The tea is freshly brewed. There are cool herbs and plants being grown along the patio. They split our meal into separate plates for us. the cool and rare international music (Ashley heard an artist she recognized from years ago, that combines memphis and african sounds) matched our curiously accented waitress. nice touches. I can't think of anything that WASN'T interestingly awesome. The special we had, beef medallions with pesto cream sauce....to die for. Maybe I'm just a huge fan of such things, but the extraordinarily tender beef absolutely helped. All of this in an hour's lunch time. And for like $10. Good thing there's like 6 other things that immediately caught my eye cau'se I'm definitely wanting to go back soon.
<review# 1787,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2008,9/1/2009,89,621,4,8,7>I spent most of last Sat looking for new running shoes. No, not for me, for my husband. Let's just say he is not the easiest person to shop with. He got a new running magazine and now had in his head the perfect shoe, so off we went. Unfortunately, after 4 stores he started to realize that he might not be able to find this perfect shoe in our area and since he won't buy a shoe without trying it on, we had to go with plan B.I remembered seeing a running store by the Decatur Square, kinda cause I thought the name was funny. When we went in, we were greeted by a friendly girl named Ashley. My husband told her what he was looking for and they did not have that shoe but she quickly recommend two other pairs. He started to huff and puff but when she returned he tried them on and low and behold he liked one pair. They did not them in his size, but she told him to go ahead and take a run outside in them. When he came back in the store, she told him they had the right size at another location and he could come back on Mon and try them on and  see if he still liked them. She also told him if he brings in his old pair of shoes he would get a 5% discount.  Needless to say she saved the day, or at least what was left of it!
<review# 1788,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/5/2008,8/31/2009,193,304,3,8,4>Another Cantonese seafood joint frequented by native eaters.  New Paradise abides by the same rules as other such restaurants:  opens until the twilight hours, long and interesting menu, offering live seafood (I saw no fish tank, however).  I've eaten here half a dozen times and found the food mostly delicious and authentic.  The taste and execution is just a little sloppy compared to, say, Canton Cooks, but probably comparable to Lee's Golden Buddha (which is not technically a Cantonese place).  There's even a variety of pig kidney and steamed chicken dishes I don't see often (old Frank Ma's place had them).  Beef chowfun, which has become a popular benchmark dish to order at such places, is not the best.  A bit bland and limp.  On the other hand, the sauce in their eight-treasure hot pot is a thick condensation of savoriness (whereas many places make it too thin), and the fried tofu is chewy and full of flavor.  The inconsistency is a bit disappointing and probably my reason to give them three instead of four stars.  It seems to me an unfortunate problem that New Paradise, although has good food, is hampered by awkward location and a slightly run down atmosphere.  It's sandwiched between car repair shops, across the street is Center For Disease Control, and the restaurant itself has a warehouse-like exterior.  The ceiling is low, furniture is old, and lighting a little dim.  Canton House is one block away and looks like a royal palace in comparison, even though the food's about the same.  Friendly service and family-run.  Long menu and good food.  Now you know not to be discouraged by the shady appearance when you've got the munchies at one in the morning--this is definitely a valid option.
<review# 1789,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2008,8/30/2009,72,176,12,2,5>Hanging Chad's in Florida?  No, they're all in Atlanta!  So are Chad's closest muscular clad, genital swinging, booty girating friends.  I took my good friend in from San Francisco here to look at the purdy naked men, and this place definitely not for the prudish, heart problems, or the incapability to control your bladder!  Beefcake galore was definitely here, with some exception of some who were obviously new- their bodies have yet to be defined by laborious time spent at the gym.  But the ones who are souped on on GHB and steroids make it all worth while!Make sure to keep the ATM/debit card and credit card at home!   This place is lustfully dangerous to the wallet!
<review# 1790,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/22/2008,8/29/2009,527,87,7,7,9>I had lunch today here with my favorite gossip girl, Melissa L., and I have to say, it was ¡muy bien! I have a tendancy to prefer smaller dining rooms, so the size of the place is a bit overwhelming. But, once I was seated at a cozy booth in the corner, that subsided. We started with what were probably the best chips I've ever had. They are SO light, they practically float out of the basket. Unfortunately, I believe this would lead me to eat more of them, but, dang, they were good! The salsa was quite tasty, too - very peppery (as in black pepper, not vegetable peppers), which I like. I was kind of jonesing for a taco salad so I was bummed they didn't have one on the menu (really? no taco salad?), so I opted for the cheese and onion enchiladas.  Boy, when they say cheese, they mean C-H-E-E-S-E! There was a lot of it (not that I'm complaining) which caused me a couple of embarrassing moments having to sever the melty cheese from my mouth as it was still connected to the food on the plate - you know what I mean. Again, a good problem to have. Melissa L. recommended I get a drink called "The Swirl" next time I'm in on a non-work day. She claims it's almost as good as a fro' mo' at El Taco, so I'll definitely have to give it a try. I got a little teary-eyed as a I left because it made me start thinking about Rio Bravo (remember that place in Buckhead?) which then made me start thinking about being 28 again which made me start thinking about what it was like to have a 30" waist which made me think of Backstreet on a Saturday night which, well, I should stop there.Overall, a solid Tex-Mex dining experience with good service, too. I will go back.
<review# 1791,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/4/2009,8/28/2009,94,110,,5,5>I was excited to try this new restaurant and I enjoyed a fun evening out with friends.  I loved the different dips for the fries (Pub Frites), but overall I thought the food was sub-par.  The carrot and cilantro hummus tasted more like a carrot puree... carrot was really the only flavor I could taste.  The curry veggies were alright, but again nothing spectacular.  Great drink selection, though, and I liked the atmosphere of the place.
<review# 1792,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2009,8/24/2009,474,1389,1,9,9>Atlanta really is lucky to have such a talented organization in the community.  In case you didn't know, the ASO has 26 Grammy's to its name, and one is prominently featured at the doors to symphony hall.  They perform nearly every weekend at some venue or another, mostly at the Woodruff Arts Center.  They seem to have a performance for anyone and everyone who loves music - from classical and prestigious to modern and popish - and at least one world premiere piece/event a year.  We've really enjoyed the performances by Andre Watts and Itzhak Perlman, not to mention those featuring Rhapsody in Blue and La Boheme.  Also, the holiday performance with the Morehouse Men's Chorus gave me a great dose of Christmas Spirit.Going to the symphony is a treat for Jimmy and myself, so we like to dress up.  But we've seen plenty of folks in all sorts of attire, from jeans to tuxes, so it really is open to anyone and everyone.  There's a wide range of prices available, and all the seats are good due to the very open, yet intimate feeling of the space. The seats are pretty comfortable, and I've been known to nod off on more than one occasion.  Some say it's an expensive nap, but it's just so relaxing with the beautiful music and low lighting - it's the best sleep that I get some months!  At least Jimmy's never had to wake me up for snoring...Also, Donald Runnicles - the not-primary conductor (not sure what his title is, but he only does 1 or 2 series a month, as opposed to Robert Spano) - does a great job of explaining the pieces during the show, which I've always appreciated since I don't know all that much about most classical music, despite 12 years of piano lessons.Treat yourself to a night on the town at the ASO!
<review# 1793,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2009,8/23/2009,140,143,3,3,3>My friend Jay suggested this place.  It's high on his list of yummy things to do when he has enough cash.  So, as a tax return gift to myself, I decided to go all out and order the $40 omakase.  You sit at the sushi bar, tell the chefs what you prefer (sushi, sashimi, whatnot) and prepare yourself to eat until you explode.  Which I almost did.  Obviously, I didn't explode because I'm around to tell this story.  I don't know how many before me have gone too far and wound up in little pieces on the floor.  But, what a way to go.I had mostly sashimi, with a few pieces of sushi, and topped everything off with the caviar rice.The sashimi was really good.  Nice, fresh, thick pieces, but some of them were still a little frozen.  I like mine more towards room temperature.  The uni was good, but not the best I've had.  Salmon, tuna and yellowtail perfectly acceptable.  But, the real stars of the night were the fresh options.  Flounder, abalone, and giant clam.  Those were the only three I had seconds on.   The sushi was fine, but I didn't think their rice was as good as other places.  I did like that they rolled some into little balls.  The caviar rice was a lot of fun.  A bowl of rice topped with 5 different types of caviar.  But, again, the rice wasn't that great.I did love though, that you were able to choose from ginger, marinated baby carrots, and pearl onions to cleanse your palate.I would go again, most likely for lunch when things are cheaper and with a lot of people because the private rooms seem like a lot of fun.  If you order the okamase, skip the soup, salad, or any other distraction and stick to the fish.
<review# 1794,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2009,8/22/2009,22,102,,9,5>My now-fiance and I were doing ring shopping, and my requirements were tough: an engagement ring below $1,000, *not necessary a diamond* and lots of sparkle. Everywhere we went the first thing they would show us was diamonds... and sometimes they would show us *settings* below $1,000, which was not what I said. Basically, a lot of places shoved us into a niche because I said engagement ring. We went to Shane's because of a recommendation from a coworker. And we were very happy. So happy, we bought the ring (sapphire center stone). The first gentleman to attend to us really listened and took the time to get an idea of my style... and then passed us on to a lady who continued to give us great service. She showed us a few items (no diamond center stones) and was very nice. Yes, we ended up outside of our budget, but what made me so happy was that they really listened to us (or, me) and only showed me things that I wanted to see. Very great people, and very good quality gems.
<review# 1795,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2008,8/21/2009,5,7,2,8,9>At first glance, this little place looks a little sketch. It's located off of Roswell Road in a sunken stip-mall next to the likes of an Asian video rental store and Ace Hardware. It's an odd place for a restaurant, but inside it's a real authentic jewel.I had lunch here with my family one Sunday afternoon. My initial impression, once inside, was one of skepticism. But once I had a chance to settle in, I found the place to be quite adorable. There is lovely Cuban apparel adorning the walls and the music sounds ethnic. The food and the service is what caught me off guard. Besides the fact that we were the only ones in the restaurant, the service was excellent. It felt as though we had arrived at our fictitious Cuban Uncle's house and his butler was tending to our every need! The food was no less admirable and deliscious as the warm orange-ish paint color on the walls. They had things from classic Cuban rice and beans, to hot sandwiches that you can taste the love the cook put into it with each bite! I'm not sure of everything they had, but all of us enjoyed what we ordered. I really hope some more people will try this restaurant out, it's very relaxed and nice, in contrast to the area that it is in.
<review# 1796,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/30/2008,8/20/2009,33,434,5,7,5>The first time I spent over $80 (no alcohol) on my own meal was here. The food was alien and expensive, the location peculiar and next to some kind of gigantic villa, and the desserts tiny: I had a good time. When I went, lamb was available- bite-size pieces of lamb served rare. Baaaaaaa.... BUT, I got caught making fun of our French server. I have no choice but to blame the the American in me. A dining faux-pas. *snicker.
<review# 1797,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2009,8/19/2009,131,65,4,7,6>This is a classic hole-in-the-wall barbecue joint. The place is clean and has a homey touch. The crew working there is friendly and you may even get a hug from the hostess. The owners claim it is the oldest business in Smyrna and you probably won't challenge that when you see the place. Also note that this is Smyrna in all its glory... definitely not Smyrnings... If you really know Smyrna, then you know what I mean. In my latest visit, me and the guys from work took our Lead to lunch for his birthday. It turns out that lunch is on the house for people on their birthday. You can tell that we're cheap engineers for picking this place for a birthday lunch but bonus points for his lunch being free (honestly, we didn't know beforehand). I had a pulled pork sandwich (on garlic toast) platter with onion rings and Brunswick stew for $6.80 which seemed like a deal! It was a lot of food and all of it was very good! They offer the usual barbecue: pork, chicken, beef; pulled, chopped, sliced; sandwiches on choice of bun or garlic toast; sides like mac & cheese, Brunswick stew, onion rings. They have recently started offering different sauce flavors: sweet, hot, sweet+hot, and original. I definitely recommend this family-run barbecue joint with good barbecue and friendly service.
<review# 1798,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/2/2009,8/18/2009,3,8,8,5,5>Hipster factor here is extremely high, which caused me to approach SIMB with caution. I have really been punished by the ennui tsunami at other hipster-heavy breakfast spots like Ria's, and I've learned that even if the food is good, I can't stomach their scorn, especially first thing in the morning.Unexpectedly, we got great service but food was second-rate. I ordered an omelet for breakfast and it came out so brown I thought the server had brought me french toast by mistake. My wife had the egg sandwich on brioche, which was delicious, aside from the burned, chalky bacon. Someone in the kitchen needs to turn down the welding torch or maybe switch it out for a more conventional cooking device, like a stove.The one bright spot was our waitress, Apollina, who was friendly, brought us gallons of coffee, and amused us throughout breakfast. She is a rare example of the helpful and engaged hipster, which I realize is a contradiction in terms. I hope I'm not ruining her credibility by posting this on the internet -- someone let me know if that's the case and I'll redact her name from my comment. Anyway, it's thanks to her I'm going to give this place one more try to get the food right. I'll post an update after we go back.
<review# 1799,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2008,8/17/2009,343,405,4,9,9>This is easily the BEST Vegetarian restaurant in Atlanta!  Since I am leaning towards becoming a vegetarian, I am soooo happy that this place exists!  Stopped by here a few weeks ago to finally try it out.  It's a bit smaller than I expected, but really cute and simple.  There weren't a lot of tables, although most of the tables you can share with other people.  I mean c'mon, who doesn't like meeting and making new friends!  The menu is shown on a chalkboard and you usually have a choice of a few salads, sandwich and two to three main courses.  They even serve coffees and teas as well as vegan desserts to compliment your meal.Since it was my first time, I had to try everything on the menu.  David and I started off with the Arugula, Green Apple and Goat Cheese Salad, which was huge and delicious.  For our entrees, I got the Walnut-Fig Pate Sandwich and David got these Greek rolls that were stuffed with spinach, sweet potatoes and Hungarian cheese with a side of brussel sprouts.  Both entrees were AMAZING.Overall a great experience and we made friends with the lady sitting next to us.  Atlanta definitely needs more green and veggie establishments like this!
<review# 1800,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2009,8/16/2009,705,321,44,28,30>There is only one thing better then a drive-in... and that's a lawless drive-in! We didn't get searched upon entering, we had open containers, a table and chairs right in the path of traffic, and even better... we laughed out loud straight through the first film! From our screens vantage point we could see three other screens! You can either move your car over or you can just switch radio frequencies and be tuned in to the other films! Nobody seemed to care! Now guess how many times we were harassed by security? Go ahead... Let's just put it this way... I walked by a cop with a beer in my hand and he looked at me with a lackadaisical look of disapproval...  then he quickly went back to eating his florescent orange nachos!  Now, you're not going to believe this... but it gets better! It's my express understanding that it's acceptable to bring a BBQ and mini kegs!Can you imagine the possibilities!? I'm flooded with ideas! First on my list of ways to revitalize the drive-in experience... Next time I come to the Starlight I'm coming with a tablecloth covered table, a grill and a gourmet assortment of provisions! Light a candle, pour a glass of nice red wine, and then let the warm spring air envelope my soul.  Excuse me while I daydream... I see... thickly sliced, lightly seared Georgia peach...   a  sparkle of  macadamia nuts, bleu cheese and blueberries, on top... served with a side of light poppy seed and blueberry vinaigrette.Oh my god... then I'll grill a couple high quality Spencer steaks, streaked with a hint of lemon zest and orange juice with pepper and sea salt, it's impossible for this not to be delicious!  Right as the second movie starts...  airy caramel apple tarts! I think my love filled heart just exploded!I could be wrong...  (I have been known to get "cholesterol" and "love" confused in the past), but I'm pretty sure it's love this time!
<review# 1801,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/2/2009,8/15/2009,35,40,4,6,2>We were treated by our wonderful in-laws to this beautifully decorated restaurant inside Lenox mall, which is tucked away on the 2nd floor across from Crate and Barrel.  With its location on the very end of building, it is nice without too much noise from the mall shoppers as Lenox mall can get really loud during the weekends.  For old people like me, I like my peace and quietness when I dine.Service was fabulous, we never had to ask for anything for basic stuff like water, bread and such, but I think our server is new b/c she was a little bit nervous & clumsy, she almost dropped the plates couple times.Appetizers:Spider & Rainbow rolls were nicely presented and also rather tasty. (but do not expect authentic Japanese sushi though)  YUM!  I especially love how they used eggs in stead of seaweed for wrapping.  Very nice.Entrees:petite filet mignon, ribeye, lamb chops.According to my hubby and in-laws, they loved their entrees, but for me, being a picky eater, I found myself not liking my steak as much as they did.My Ribeye was burnt on the outside and the taste was only ok, nothing spectacular. With 1/2 price (selected steaks, daily 5-6:30pm) and a treat from our in-laws, I shouldn't complain much, but I was deeply disappointed. The side dishes were all good, I liked all of them.  We ordered:  seasoned veggies, creamed spinach, asparagus, mash potatoes and mushrooms.  Mushroom and asparagus got my votes, very tasty and fresh!  You know if asparagus was cooked right b/c one bite you can taste the crispness!  It was awesome!Beverage:House wine & 14 Hands (both red), and House wine was the winner, since I don't drink, I can't give you a better assessment. Overall, we had a great time, but for the price paid, I think this place was overrating.  However, if I ever am tried from shopping at Lenox Mall (hello, Louis Vuitton!! LOL), I would stop by here to have some sushi rolls and a side dish of mushrooms!p.s. if you know there's an Outback nearby, then skip this place and go straight to Outback instead!  No joke.  :)
<review# 1802,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2009,8/14/2009,224,570,6,9,6>Mykonos Taverna hit it out of the park on opening day.  We stopped in yesterday and learned that their soft opening was today, so we made a point of celebrating Jodi's birthday here.  (I also let her have the First To Review as her first review, as an additional present, but for some reason Yelp isn't showing her review. I'd still like an explanation of that one...)I have never seen a better opening-day performance.  The vegetarian moussaka ($10.95) was amazingly well-balanced, with a perfectly browned top layer of the creamiest mashed potatoes I've ever had, sitting on top of spinach that had a distinctive dill flavor, which perfectly matched the carrots beneath that, all of which rested on a base of eggplant.  And, to our delight, it came with potatoes roasted in (and therefore soaking in) olive oil and lemon juice.  It also came with rice pilaf, but neither of us is a big fan of rice pilaf.  Perhaps this would delight another Yelper.The Greek village salad that came with the meal was my favorite kind of Greek salad.  You're probably thinking of lettuce and a few other veggies with a feta dressing.  No lettuce or potato salad here -- a Greek village (horiatiki) salad consists of large chunks of cucumber, tomato, and feta next to marinated white onion and fresh red onion, a few kalamata olives with their pits, and broad-leafed parsley so fresh you'll actually want to eat it.  The whole thing sits in a light but peppery vinaigrette.  I'd have expected to pay $5 for this salad all on its own, which made the moussaka a better deal than I anticipated.The galaktoboureko, as Jodi mentioned, was our dessert.  If you don't know what a galaktoboureko is, just imagine a flan having a drunken hookup with a bread pudding; their offspring is a galaktoboureko.Folks, I'm calling this one.  Within two months, Mykonos Taverna will be on the Best Of Yelp.  It's that good, and it's that convenient to most of Atlanta, being situated just behind the Sam's Club north of I-85, east of Clairmont.  Do yourself a favor and check it out before there's a line at the door.
<review# 1803,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2009,8/13/2009,94,50,6,10,10>As the name states, you should definitely get some kabobs here.  Granted not everyone is willing to try the chicken stomach, but there are many other options of which we chose lamb and chicken.  Unbelievably good spices, especially cumin, cover these tasty morsels.  You can even watch them grill it as it's out front and center.What else to order? Guo Bao Pork, Dry Fried Eggplant, Water Fried Lamb, and a Layered Pan Cake to wash it down.  Gui Bao Pork is like "sweet & sour pork" only so much better - no gooey, yucky red sauce.  Now, all you Tasty China fans don't be hatin' as I like Tasty China too, but the Dry Fried Eggplant might be better here.  Cut just right like a medium fry, this dish came out crispy on the outside and nice and tender on the inside covered with whole chilies.  Even this not-so-daring-on-the-super-spicy girl couldn't stop eating it.  This place is Szechuan style so of course the Water Fried Lamb was covered in chilies as well, but how do you water fry?  It's a technique that Chef Liu developed.  Very good and not oily at all.  Kind of bland, the Layered Pan Cake was quickly put to good use by making sandwiches with everything else we'd ordered.The owner is a wonderful lady that came over to greet us and comment on our choices.  She brought the chef out to meet us though I didn't understand him.  If only I was a good Chinese child and had learned Mandarin like my parents wanted me to, sigh. . . . .   Anyway, he wanted to make us a little sample of a dish he had developed, "Beef Jerky".  This was not like any dry jerky you'd get in a gas station.  The beef jerky was small morsels of beef that was cooked to be tender and chewy at the same time.  A very nice dish to nosh on absentmindedly.  I can't wait to come back and try more of their stuff!
<review# 1804,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2009,8/12/2009,86,178,3,7,5>Excellent!  This restaurant ranks as #2 in my list of favorite Italians...right underneath Babbo in NYC.  But hey it says something when you're up there with Mario Batali.  Service was some of the best, everyone is friendly, you don't ever feel like you're at a snooty restaurant.  Our waiter/sommelier was so attentive and was able to find us the perfect wine.  Yes, the restaurant is small but that is what I love about it.  It definitely has a comfortable and laid back European feel to it.  So happy I live near this restaurant....I plan on becoming a regular!If you have kids, I believe they eat for free on Sundays...
<review# 1805,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2009,8/11/2009,46,137,4,5,5>#1 reason for 5 stars - They have Arden's Garden Juices. Though they are pricey, they are the yummiest things I've ever tasted. Sometimes, they are a meal in itself, kinda like Guinness. ;) #2 reason for 5 stars - Efficient staff. Sometimes they may be dismal, but they always come back and refill my coffee, they always ask if every thing is okay, and they sometimes even smile and joke around with you. #3 reason for 5 stars - They make french toast on Challah, the way it should be served and it's stellar.  Plus the syrup is rockin.  The potatoes are heavenly. #4 reason for 5 stars - My parents really like this place as well. Impressing the parents is always important, especially when I only get to see them 2 to 3 times a year. #5 reason for 5 stars - Their coffee is really good. And as an added bonus, they have wifi. Though I would probably feel bad hogging a table for wifi on the weekends while people are waiting 20-40 mins to get in and eat. *shrug* It's awesome nonetheless.
<review# 1806,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/28/2009,8/10/2009,352,299,6,8,6>Nice save, Zoe. While I'm not asking for franchise information, I'm liking you a little more these days.Thank you to Chris G., a dedicated Zoe's employee, who uses Yelp for its very purpose and contacted me following my less than stellar initial review. He invited me in for trial number two following a few rounds of Yelp messaging.Today was the day. I reluctantly arrived and gawked at the swarming patio. The place was packed! Why?! Based on my last experience (and what I thought to be my last experience), I couldn't fathom the explanation. Even now I'm having a bit of trouble.I ordered the Chicken Salad and Fruit plate. To go. Fingers crossed it's not doused in mayo. Chances? Slim. Meanwhile, I asked to meet this elusive Chris G.Hi, Chris G. Yes, I'm Rebecca from Yelp. It's nice to meet you. I ordered the chicken salad with fruit plate. OK I'll let you know how it is.It was pretty good. Surprisingly so. The chicken wasn't too maynonnaisey, and the fruit was actually varied and relatively tasty. {Uploaded photo for your viewing pleasure.} I have to trust this is standard practice and not a glowing salad with specially selected grapes because my undercover Yelp identity was blown.The plain, cold pita wedges went untouched, as did what I can only identify as oily salad dressing. Otherwise, I might have a new grab-and-go lunch spot in my repertoire. Thanks, Chris G.
<review# 1807,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2009,8/9/2009,196,217,,4,5>What a great spot to spend a lazy Sunday afternoon, especially when the weather is that quixotic blend of warm but not hot with dappled sunlight covering the beautiful patio which is perfect for people-watching.A group of us spent a few hours here just soaking in the atmosphere and talking last Sunday and I can't wait to go back, though the parking situation was rough as The Nook's (valet) lot was completely full. Aside from that, the rest of the experience was great and the drinks were well made and priced fairly. We had just had brunch elsewhere, so I didn't try the food but James' Coca Cola glazed BBQ wings looked great! Service was terrific- he even kept all of our tabs separate and accurate without even being asked to do it individually-nice touch!
<review# 1808,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2009,8/8/2009,787,655,5,7,7>So at the invitation of Mr. Zack E, I met him up at Med. Bakery for lunch. To clarify: Mr. Zack does not own stocks in the company, nor does he own it... But by reading all the previous reviews you would have thought so!  He has seemingly converted many a yelpers to the way of the Shawarma! And let me tell you, I smeared fork, after fork of pungent garlic sauce all over my chicken shawarma. Delicious. And the baklava, with just a hint of rosewater was just enough to make me want to make the trek out to this little shopping center more often.
<review# 1809,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2009,8/7/2009,1772,1772,1,4,3>Went to lunch at this restaurant with a few Cobb Yelpers and was pleasantly surprised.  The menu touts the food as "fresh, homemade Mediterranean cuisine."  I ordered the daily special, which happened to be Chicken Curry (also had the choice of beef).  Two pieces of chicken (bone-in) served with yellow rice, pita bread, and a small house salad with mint dressing for $7.99.  The meal was pretty good.  My only complaint was that the chicken had too many small bones in it.  Loved the rice and pita bread.  Other Yelpers at the lunch got the Gyros and Koftas (looked like some sort of sausage wrap) and all the food looked good.  The people working at the restaurant were very nice and courteous.  You order up front and then go sit at your table and wait for your order to be brought out to you.  The cafe has two flat screen TVs and also various grocery-type items you can buy at the register, such as mint leaves, canned coconut milk, and tobacco.  Not a bad place to grab lunch.BTW, you may want to check out Addy C's review of this place when she gets it up as she took pictures of all our food.
<review# 1810,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2009,8/6/2009,216,175,4,11,10>This is quickly becoming a lunchtime staple.  The shrimp po-boy is as good as everyone says it is, and their sandwiches are consistently excellent.  I especially enjoy the chili on their chili cheese hot dogs.  One day, I'm going to bring a bag of Fritos and have them make me a bomb Frito Pie.I have to say, though, the best sandwich they make is the Reuben (which I thought was my little secret until the Blissful Glutton outed it).  Crispy, buttery, bread, thick chunks of corned beef (now pastrami), homemade sauce, and it's friggin' huge!  This is without a doubt the best Reuben I've ever had.  Nowadays, I try to avoid it so I can see what else is on the menu, but it still calls to me.I'm loath to do this, but I'll let you guys in on a little secret... Star Provisions is open until 10pm.  They clear out all of their leftover lunch items for a substantial discount after 5pm.  Last time I went, they had piles of fried chicken (brined in salt water for one day, then buttermilk for another day) for a touch more than what you'd pay at Popeye's.  Definitely check the out.
<review# 1811,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2009,8/4/2009,57,62,,5,5>My friends probably think I'm ridiculous, but I can't get enough of the Local's barbeque sandwich and fries (and their amazing boiled peanuts).  For me, it's the perfect comfort food (along with a pitcher of draft cider) after a hard day at work.  The patio is fantastic for avoiding the smokiness inside (which isn't that bad on a weeknight, but can get overwhelming for a non-smoker), and the service is always friendly and speedy.  The prices are very affordable, and it's absolutely great for a long night of drinking with friends.A very indie casual, comfortable and laid-back atmosphere, the people-watching can't be beat.  It can get hard to find a table and parking if you go late on a weekend, so go early & stay late!
<review# 1812,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2009,8/3/2009,789,691,4,11,10>Thanks to Tulie L for recommending this wine superstore - it's like a heaven for wine lovers. Seriously it's huge and looks like a grocery store except all the aisles are filled with bottles & bottles of wines. All the aisles are labeled well, everything is organized, they have a map in the front, and if you need advice there is very knowledgeable staff throughout the store. I also found out from my cashier that they have free wine tasting on Fridays & Saturdays from 12-6pm. They offer wine classes, too. FYI - this place sells just wine & beer, no liquor.
<review# 1813,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2009,8/2/2009,179,339,7,12,12>I love, love, love this music venue.  I love that it is a small amphitheatre tucked away in a residential area, there is ample parking whether in a paid lot or for free in the surrounding park, and that they have two concert formats - table set-up or reserved seating.The table seating is the coolest experience allowing you to bring in food and beverage and dressing up your table however you like.  For me, Chastain is a must do every summer.  It's like reuniting with a long time friend - you are guaranteed to have a great time.  And, if the music doesn't entertain you, the people watching will!
<review# 1814,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/8/2008,8/1/2009,51,21,3,10,6>The concept of Flip is fairly simple - burgers, sides, and shakes - American classics that everyone can identify with. But when the creative consultant behind the concept is local celebrity chef, Richard Blais, you can expect the simple classics to have some very modern updates.Located on Howell Mill just past Chattahoochee Avenue, Flip Burger Boutique looks and feels like a retro burger joint with Sex and the City flair. From the outside of the building, large windows reveal a dimly lit dining space with patrons swathed in flattering candlelight. The interior aesthetic could be best described as a post-modern Johnny Rocket's. Stark white predominates, highlighted by flashes of red and chrome. A bar flanks almost the entire length of the room, opposite a few cushy benches set into intimate alcoves. In the center of the space, two rows of adjoining high-top tables create a communal feel, which is ideal, since you'll invariably be tempted to peek over to see which of Flip's many gourmet burgers your neighbor settled on. At the rear of the restaurant is the open-air kitchen where you can observe two chefs feverishly churning out the goods.The burger offerings are split into two categories, beef (organic, of course) and 'flip'- non-beef alternatives that will satisfy vegetarians, those who shun red meat, and anyone with a hankering for a pork patty. All of the burgers are slider-sized and served on buns that are part-Kaiser, part Hawaiian sweet roll. Actually, they're more like sliders on steroids, so depending on how hungry you are, one might suffice, but two are recommended for larger appetites and for indecisives like me and my friends. Among the three of us, we sampled 4 different selections:From the Beef side:Butcher - with red wine jelly, caramelized onion and Cabrales blue cheese, this burger was my absolute favorite. The red wine jelly and caramelized onion added a hint of sweet and a lot of savory, while the tiny amount of Cabrales blue packed a tangy, funky punch.Southern - featuring a fried patty w/pimento cheese, was definitely my least favorite. I'm not a huge fan of pimento cheese, plus the super-crispy coating encasing the burger shredded the roof of my mouth. Not fun.From the Flip side:Po Boyger - A shrimp patty topped with lettuce, tomato, a fried lemon slice and Old Bay mayo. Delicate flavors, but still very very tasty. I was pleased that the patty wasn't overly pureed, and I could still identify what I was eating as shrimp.Bun Mi - An interpretation of the Vietnamese banh mi hoagie-style sandwich. This burger features a ground pork patty topped with cilantro and pickled veggies. It's spicy, exotic, and complex - I can definitely see it becoming one of the restaurant's more popular creations.For our sides we ordered a sampling of sweet potato tots, french fries, and vodka battered onion rings. Accompanying them were ketchup, a dill mayo, and a honey mustard. Fries and rings were decent, nothing terribly remarkable about either. The tots were slightly disappointing - while the flavor was great, the texture was more mushy than crispy.For dessert, we ordered one of each of the shakes on the menu - The Krispy Kreme and the chocolate. The Krispy Kreme actually has doughnuts blended into the vanilla ice cream base, and the chocolate shake comes topped with marshmallows given the hand-torch toasting just before being served. The shakes are cooled with liquid nitrogen, which aside from just sounding, well...cool, actually makes for a thick, creamy treat that stays that way until the last slurp.My bill - which included 2 burgers, a side, and a shake - came to over $20. With the baby burgers averaging about $8, it'll be interesting to see how well the restaurant performs after the initial excitement wears off and the reality of a tight economy settles back in.cheers,kbonvivantonline.com
<review# 1815,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2008,7/31/2009,97,42,5,9,7>FINALLY.  Finally, a new age doughnut shop worth raving about.  Thanks to  Jennifer Zyman's review in creative loafing I discovered this glorious little piece of fried heaven.  So many cities with progressive art and culinary crowds have grown their own versions of bohemian doughnut shops, and its about time Atlanta was graced with one.  Now its time to divert those twenty car deep lines at the Krispy Kreme down toward GT to sample the delectable dough balls.The shop is cute, simple and has a very strong independently owned feel to it - which I personally love.  The product?  Spot on, with flavors that venture out beyond the usual, such as:Rocky Road, Milk Chocolate, red velvet, peanutbutter cup, maple walnut and honey cinnamon.  Awesome glazes also adorn, increasing the selection to choose from including:  Fresh strawberry, toasted coconut, nestle crunch and my favorite Dulce de Leche.This place is rocking it, and they deserve as much support as we the community can hand their way... check it out!
<review# 1816,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2009,7/30/2009,244,602,50,16,28>When I was younger, I had a lot of gay friends and hung out in a lot of gay bars. Now don't go judging me and my fauxmosexual lifestyle. It's not like I was turning tricks Joe Buck-style; I just was really into theater and dancing to the occasional Bronski Beat record. And, yes, I still like to sing a showtune at karaoke every now and then. Still, none of my gay friends or THEIR gay friends ever mistook me as a Member of their Oh-So Fabulous Tribe as none of them would ever be caught dead in whatever pair of shoes I'd be wearing at the time. Which is kind of insulting now that I think about it.One person, though, who swore to my gayness was my mother. She'd prod me to come out to her by not-so-subtly asking about my "friends who are boys" or where I'm getting my hair done that week and all because in 34 years on Earth, I never brought home a girl to meet her.  It never occurred to my parents that that might have more to do with my inability to get a girl to actually come to MY house, let alone theirs, so I'd spend a disconcerting amount of time trying to "in" myself to my wrongfully understanding parents.  (And they choose THIS as the one thing they're liberal about.) For years my parents were struck with this strange myopic blindspot where they confused my lameness with homosexuality, which is kind of insulting now that I think about it.We're even, Gay Community.So what does any of this have to do with Mary's? I say all of this to provide context for my review of this out and proud club of the ghey. I review Mary's not as some bleeding heart libby lib who accepts everyone with relativistic fervor. I review Mary's not as some dude who has newly discovered the novelty of hanging out with guys who are more interested in him than his girl. I review Mary's instead with the weariness of an aged queen who just happens to dig having sex with chicks instead of dudes. And so THAT'S where this is coming from, Girlfriend.Saying all that, I like Mary's. Now it's been a while since I've been, being one half of an old married couple now, but my memories here are fond.  I've mostly been here for karaoke which is not by design even though everyone knows what a karaoke whore I am. It just happens that the few times I've been drinking in EAV, Mary's happened to be hosting Mary-oke. But I usually have a fun time having at it. Granted, the karaoke may not be the well-oiled machine I'm accustomed to (sigh, it's saying phrases like this in reference to gay bars that makes me kind of understand my parents' confusion), but the karaoke is still adequate. And nothing entertains more than gay dudes on stage.Other than that, the crowd is pretty well mixed. The drinks are priced higher than I like, but that's because I booze at places where the drinks are cheap and the women are cheaper.  If I tried to work it right, I could conceivably be bought drinks, but again, my shoes are ATROCIOUS, so no drinks for me.Sigh.I ought to return to see if Mary's still earns these 5 stars, but a not so small part of me doesn't. On the off chance I'm disappointed, I'll be sad. And even though I don't live that far away, I don't think my liver is cut out for a night of drunken gay karaoke anymore.  I don't even know if that somewhat hidden upstairs bathroom is still there anymore.  So be forewarned that my 5 star review may exist solely in my memory. Oh, but what memories they are.
<review# 1817,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2009,7/29/2009,214,189,3,11,16>Based on a recommendation from Kit F and Pam L, I hit Shoya last night, leaving quite impressed.  The strip-mall exterior belied the atmosphere inside, with the dark wood interior evoking the small sushi shop where Hattori Hanzo spent his retirement from crafting Japanese steel. Apart from those initial impressions, I wasn't able to get a great look around the place, since all the tables were full (the vast majority of the patrons were of Asian descent), and we had to sit at the sushi bar.Having little experience with Izakaya-style dining, both my dining companion and I felt a bit daunted by the large menu, and she suggested that I order for the both of us.  A lifetime of reading about various foods in Japanese manga led me to order some Tuna Tataki, Crab Croquettes, Okonomi-yaki, and a seared Unagi dish (whose name escapes me). Every dish was excellent, the Crab Croquettes light and creamy, the Okonomi-yaki rich and flavorful.  The portions are slightly small (and slightly pricey), but the food very filling.  I'll definitely be coming back for more.
<review# 1818,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2009,7/28/2009,298,329,,6,6>Mercado del Pueblo is like the H Mart of comida mexicana, though a bit less organized and a lot less pretty. As a Spanish teacher, I love going here to pick up candies in cute little Spanish wrappers for my students. My kids get a kick out of the interesting flavors and the addition of chili powder to almost everything (watermelon lollipops, chewy caramels). The bakery has ginormously huge pastries, churros, and croissants for low prices, and there's good flan, too. You can't miss out on the meat department while you're here: cow tongue, chicken feet, whole pigs, you name it - much smaller and less shocking than the various offerings I've seen in markets during my few months in Spain, but still fairly offensive to vegetarians and those with weak tummies.  There's a few small stores/booths inside here that sell random stuff like household appliances, trinkets, fútbol team fan gear, DVDs and CDs, etc.Mercado del Pueblo has a lot of character. It's definitely not a place I'd make my main grocery store, but it's worth a trip, and it's a must-visit for Spanish teachers!
<review# 1819,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/20/2009,7/27/2009,489,857,5,7,5>Some tips:* Bring ice cold water to hydrate yourself.* Wear a compression shirt to help keep you cool.* Bring a large towel to wipe off your sweat.* Get ready to sweat.The first time I went, I took a bottle of warm water (I was an idiot). And I almost got heat exhaustion. So the second time I went, I came prepared with compression shirt and ice water. That helped a lot. (I only went a second time so I can redeem myself almost passing out from the heat)The class all depends on the teacher. Some are good, some are bad. But it's hard to know who will be good and who will be bad. This is a flow based yoga so they'll go pretty fast. The bad teachers would go through the poses with little correction. The good teachers will take time to correct your alignment. It'll be good if you know something about yoga before you come here. If you don't have good alignment, you can end up hurting yourself.The space is cramped and popular. It's hard to "claim your territory" with your mat when there are 50 billion people in a small room. With the 100+ degree heat and all those people crammed in there, it gets hot and humid. The drop in class is pretty expensive. So save up if you wanna come here for one lesson.To me, it isn't a strenuous workout. But the heat made it harder than it is. It will make you sweat, and the heat is hot enough to tire you out even if you just sit there.I would've liked it more if it was a larger space, the temperature dropped a few degrees, and the instructors took a slower pace. But hey, that's what I get for going to a place called "HOT" yoga.
<review# 1820,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2009,7/26/2009,215,493,3,13,9>Wow.  I have to say that I was pleasantly surprised by my experience at RA Sushi.I do want to make the disclaimer that my experience was technically for a soft opening.  Normally, I would say no to reviewing based on a soft opening but this soft opening featured a packed house, a full menu and really gave no indication that they were not open for business.  I am not dinging them on anything related to a soft-opening (actually, I'm not dinging them at all) so I am comfortable reporting my experience.I am not really a sushi person but I was with Lauren S. and she was guiding me so I was in.  I, too, enjoyed the Viva Las Vegas Roll (it was a cream cheese and something roll, tempura fried, and topped with a spicy tuna and crab mix that was like a salad and also a fried lotus root slice).  And, being a sushi wimp, I generally enjoy California rolls (not sushi, I know, whatever) but the Tootsy Maki roll was an extra special California roll with tempura bits and eel sauce on top.  Very tasty.  The veggie roll with mango slices and kiwi sauce (Yellow Monkey Roll) was a very light and fresh roll - almost like a very healthy dessert.  I didn't mind the Crispy Spicy Tuna Roll except that the rice ball on which it was served was a bit tough from probably being overcooked.  The rice ball on its own was good and the spicy tuna on its own was good but they didn't mesh too well together.I agree that the coconut shrimp tempura and the pineapple cream cheese wonton appetizers were very nice.  They actually had an abundance of appetizers that looked appealing to me - I could definitely return here just for drinks and appetizers before going out some evening.I tried Joel D.'s Chicken Katsu entree and it was quite tasty.  It was fried chicken on wasabi mashed potatoes with Asian cole slaw and the fried chicken was very good.  I also liked the wasabi mashed potatoes.  My entree was the Apple Teriyaki Salmon.  I liked it but didn't love it.  I thought the salmon was well-cooked and had a great grilled flavor, but the glaze appeared to have been applied just before serving so it wasn't caramelized or cooked onto the salmon at all, which I think would have made it better.  But, it's a decent choice and also came with the yummy wasabi potatoes.The dessert was the cinnamon fried ice cream.  It was like cinnamon ice cream on a doughnut although it's technically a big scoop of cinnamon ice cream which has been tempura fried.  It was good but very heavy and probably wouldn't be my choice if I had dessert here again (I would choose the fried plantains or the coconut crème brulee instead).I had a mango mojito, regular mojito and a Mai Tai and I thought they were all really good.  The mango mojito was probably my favorite although I definitely think the Mai Tai packed a good punch.  Everyone (our table and adjacent tables, too) was very excited upon spotting the fish bowl of Tsunami Punch that sailed past us.  We were informed that this is a drink for two, though - not sure if they always enforce that rule but it may be a good one.The decor is great, the service was great, the bathrooms are nice, and we had a great seat inside but next to the patio.  The prices are surprisingly reasonable.  All was good.  I will return.
<review# 1821,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2009,7/25/2009,77,82,1,5,5>I was quite shocked, and pleasantly surprised, to find that a new tea house had just opened up down the street from us. Located just off Chamblee Tucker Rd., Tahcha Tea Room is a really easy to get to place (right at 85/285) that offers great teas, coffee, baked good, and specialty gifts in a fairly large 'cafe-like' atmosphere. It's like Teavana in the sense that they have dozens of loose-leaf teas (a lot of which are quite unique blends), but unlike Teavana, they offer a large seating area along with cafe-like food and baked goods. Free wi-fi too (of course).Their prices are really great, so much so I almost felt guilty when we split our $3.19 25oz pot of Strawberry/Lemongrass tea (which was really good). Also, a lot of times when you go to a coffee/tea place, the confections are usually an afterthought and thereby taste like they were an afterthought. So I was pleasantly surprised when I had my english breakfast cupcake which tasted really good and different. You could tell it was homemade and has some culinary pizzaz to it.We went on the second day of their 'soft opening', but I have to say, everything ran pretty smooth to me. It's not as hip as Teaspace used to be (for those who can still remember the closet-sized spot in Little 5), but what they lack in the 'cool dept.' is made up for in their teas and and other offerings. I'm excited to see how this place progresses.Oh yeah. Also like Teavana, you can purchase the actual loose-leaf teas by the ounce , but unlike Teavana, they're cheaper at Tahcha.
<review# 1822,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/1/2008,7/24/2009,458,1067,7,10,8>For some strange reason I woke up the other day CRAVING something sweet.  Cupcakes were the first thing that came to mind, but since it was almost lunchtime I thought that it might be a better idea to eat something that wasn't exclusively dessert (although I'm not too good to make a meal out of sweets).Sitting in my house I couldn't think of what I wanted to eat, so I decided to drive.  While cruising down Piedmont I looked up and saw a sign (in this case, it was literally a sign for Matty Cakes).  I stopped in and ended up leaving with a turkey and brie sandwich and 3 huge cupcakes.  The red velvet was my favorite, although it was in a close tie for first with the carrot cake.Prices are a little expensive, but not more than I would expect to pay in a boutique bakery like this.  I wish they would be a little more creative in their cupcakes by doing more than making miniature cakes.  Some basic chocolate w/ pink icing would be good too (although this might not be that kind of place)... maybe some sprinkles... Yum!
<review# 1823,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/13/2009,7/22/2009,35,125,17,11,9>Hipster coffeeshop.Are you a hipster?  An Emory Kid?  Do you like the Stuff that White People Like?  Java Monkey is probably the place for you.  I decided to go there recently as part of a little thought experiment in Hipster Honkiness.  A friend of mine was passing through town and we agreed to meet up for coffee and idle chatter.So, there I was, at 10pm on a Wednesday, in Decatur, at Java Monkey, on a laptop updating my Twitter feed, waiting for my Black Friend to show up.  Despite wearing my best faded jeans and vintage shirt, I was still out-hipstered by the general population.  Maybe if I'd had a Mac instead of my oh-so-uncool HP.  (it didn't help that the wi-fi was really really spotty, but that's what you get when there are 30-35 people all trying to share the connection...)The coffee was fine, and the service was entirely adequate and friendly in that hipster coffeehouse way.  One of the servers was maybe even a little flirty with me, but I can't be too sure - after all, I'm just not that cool.
<review# 1824,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2009,7/21/2009,220,93,10,12,10>Thus far, some of the best nigiri and sashimi I've had in our fair city has been from Zuma.  In fact, I would be happy to five-star 'em if it weren't for the inconsistent service and portions.The waitresses, clad in black and red kimono inspired digs, are....pouty.  And while the gals are pretty, it comes off less sexy and more like their dogs just died.  Sometimes we get lucky though and the host waits our table--he's attentive, friendly, and pout free.My primary complaint is the starkly inconsistent portion sizes!  It's hard to tell whether the beau and I get shafted when we order the Sushi and Sashimi Deluxe, or whether he just always gets star treatment when he orders it with someone else.  But the bottom line is this:  We order it, we get a fair amount of succulent morsels--enough to be content, but not fully satiated.  When he dines with someone else (the same menu item, mind you!), he sends me incessant texts about the mountains of delicious sashimi he's scarfing down, "2 much 2 finish!" and "so full!"  What the...are you kidding me?!So while I highly recommend their product, and really do think the fish is fresh and delicious, I'll personally feel better about eating here when I don't have to wonder whether I'm getting the wrong end of the stick.
<review# 1825,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2009,7/20/2009,59,126,,7,5>Just when Fritti and Varasano's is finding their rhythm, there's the announcement of another player in town - Max's Coal Oven Pizzeria. It seems like there is always enough room for another pizza joint in town, and this time Concentrics is going to try their hand, with a secret weapon in tow - a coal fired pizza oven.I made my first visit to Max's yesterday, the waiter claimed their oven was the first coal oven in the whole Southeast, but based on Greenville's Coal Fired Bistro, it looks like Max's has the distinction of having the first coal fired oven in Georgia. Throw in New York native and pizza aficionado Chef Nick Oltarsh, and Concentrics has successfully marketed a pizzeria worth a visit.Max's opened on Friday, and I made my visit Sunday, so these guys haven't had much of a chance to find their groove. To judge a pizza restaurant open for two days is silly. They are still working out their dough, their cook times, and the pizza makers are still relatively inexperienced in this environment. These are just some initial thoughts, and I definitely plan on going back to form more of an opinion. I think you should do the same. Max's is located directly next door to Stats, I believe the two restaurants are actually connected in the back. The restaurant isn't huge, but has a few large tables, and a moderately sized bar. I dig the exposed wooden beams and brick look they have going on. The menu isn't overbearing - in addition to pizza they offer a few salads, sandwiches, pastas, and they have one hot wing offering. Coal oven hot wings were too enticing for me to pass up. We went with an order of wings and a Margharita pizza (14", 6 slices, $17.99)The only wing sauce offered is lemon pepper parmesan. They're deep fried then finished in the coal oven and tossed with a generous amount of lemon pepper, herbs, and parmesan. These were some of the best wings I've had in a long time. I don't know if the whole deep-fry/oven finish thing is the cause, but these large wings had a an extremely crunchy exterior while retaining moist tasty chicken inside. The seasoning was great as well, but I could eat these plain and still enjoy them.Our waiter said the pizzas cook in 90 seconds, but you may want to get an appetizer as we did, because the kitchen is still working things out and it may take some time. When it did arrive, we were pleased with the appearance. There is a lot of cheese, some fresh basil from their garden, a light amount of tomato sauce, and a scattering of roasted tomatoes on top. The wait staff offers to grate fresh parmesan on top...why not?Coal ovens are well known for the char they impart on the pizza, and I would say Max's had a moderate amount. There was enough to impart the slight bitterness I enjoy, but not so much that it would scare anyone without the taste for carcinogen away.If not for the roasted tomatoes, the slice would hold up fairly well with a slight fold. That being said, I really liked the tomatoes on top, they were pleasantly acidic and flavorful. The house-made mozzarella was chewy, delicious, and plentiful.There was some structure/bubbles on occasion on the end crust. But in general, the dough was a little stiff and dense. I like a chewy, bubbly pie with better structure. I'm not going to get to down on it though, because these guys just got started and have plenty of time to make these pizzas even better.
<review# 1826,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2008,7/19/2009,9,5,7,4,10>I am an expert on Camp.  Why?  Because I am from Baltimore.  There is a reason that John Waters films there.  Hell, I've run into Mr Waters in Fell's Point and Tracy Turnblad's house in the movie Hairspray was literally a block away from where I went to grade school.  (I'm talking about the ORIGINAL movie now, kiddies - not the musical...  filmed in Canada?!!  What an insult to Charm City...  but I digress)I had no idea really what to expect from the Clermont.  I'd heard some things, but was still pretty cloudy about it.  So when I finally entered the place I was pretty shocked.Not in a bad way though.  Shocked because I had never been to a place like that ever before.  It's kind of like...  if a Baltimore Club, and a John Waters movie made sweet, dirty love and had a baby...  then that baby crawled into a basement and unexpectedly exploded...  yup, you'd have the Clermont.After having written that sentence, I can see why some people do not and will not enjoy the Clermont.  Some people think they have a sense of humor, but they are too timid to actually experience humor.  And I'm not talking about going to a comedy club (which, for what they are, are awesome); I'm talking about finding humor in not only the mundane, but also the absurd, the extravagant, the visceral, and the dichotomy of reality and pseudo-fiction.  Dig?  The Clermont is an education in humor.I'm hesitant to actually write about the contents of the Clermont, simply because I don't want to spoil the surprise.  I went on a Saturday night, prime time.  Sufficed to say that there is an amazing mix of people there, and EVERYONE is there to have a blast.  Music (DJ was spinning when I was there, and actually for an older white dude, could mix one song into another without throwing off the beat...  impressive), dancing (guys, there are a good amount of attractive ladies there as customers), and the hilarious other things that I'll let you discover for yourself.I'm not one to label places "a must see at least once".  But I guess I just did.
<review# 1827,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2009,7/18/2009,440,453,3,9,7>I am actually a fan of HB, after hearing much hype we went to pay this spot a visit for breakfast.  I had the Sweet potatoe pancakes  and some breakfast meats.  They were actually on a 30 minute wait so we checked out the neighborhood (very cool Vegan spot across the street).HB is relatively small/intimate, and has a "different" type of space.  The service was friendly, efficient, and knowledgeable about the menu.I have to say the most impressive part about HB was the Sweet potato pancakes and the syrup that comes with it, which is absolutely phenomenal (and waaarrrm).Cool spot.
<review# 1828,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2008,7/17/2009,3,10,11,21,9>5 stars...I think if you took those 5 stars and created an infinity symbol with them, this would be an appropriate rating for this amazing facility!Upon arrival, you check in for a paltry $25 and receive your common area lounging gear, a not so flattering(but who the hell cares?) shorts and tshirt ensemble, as well as a numbered key ring which opens your shoe locker, personal items locker, and records all spending of food and services, so you don't have to worry about a thing.  Next is into the locker room. Immediately the warmth,  and the herbal scents in the air start you on your journey to relaxation. The locker room is  very clean and well attended by staff members, very willing to give you any assistance you may require.Entering the shower and pool room was amazing in itself. The showers are all stocked with shampoo, conditioner and soap. There are body scrub towels available as well. 3 pools....one hot with jets, one hot/warm with mineral salts, and one cold...cccccold! Brrrr, but way invigorating! Get brave...get in! There is also a steam sauna with herbal infusions and a dry sauna.Next up, for us, was the common area, which is home to no less than 7 different rooms with different temperatures and natural mineral elements designed to treat many different ailments. My personal favorites were the charcoal room and the salt rock room. Each of them has a totally different energy and feel.The food was a bit expensive and not that exciting, but when all things are considered, this is not a big issue.They have many offerings as far as services go, but since I am a chronic neck/shoulder pain person, I went for the theraputic/accupressure 1 hour massage. That little man pressed my back muscles so hard I could hardly breathe! This is a huge compliment coming from me! I love deep tissue on my back, and man oh man did that tiny Korean man do it! There is a large communication gap, as the therapists do not speak much English, but there is a universal "ouch" or "that hurts", so don't be afraid to speak up if it is too much for you! (no appointments necessary, they have so many staffers that you don't have to wait more than 10 minutes for any service!)I went for my birthday with my best bud and another of my friends...we spent no less that 6 hours wandering about, soaking, steaming, being massaged and relaxing. I can not wait to return. I have every intention of making this trip, at least, monthly.The only thing I would change is location. I'd rather it be in Marietta than Duluth...but I'll make the drive, you can be sure!Amazing.
<review# 1829,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2009,7/16/2009,817,996,8,6,11>Given my affection for divey places where you can drink way too much without self-consciousness, how have I lived in such close proximity to Mr. C's for years now and never been till last night?! Puzzling, indeed.Mr. C's was our group's choice for continuing the silliness and hopeful debauchery (the boys were jointly wing-manning a third friend and we were along for the spectator show) after eating at Six Feet Under last night. All ingredients were present: big crowd of pretty people, great music, strong liquor drinks, and we even snagged a table right in the middle of the room that provided 360-degree scouting views.So no one extra came home in the cab with us, but we're still waiting to hear what happened when the third friend went MIA for a suspiciously long time . . .
<review# 1830,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2009,7/14/2009,192,123,11,13,12>Headed here this passed weekend to wrap up a bachelorette party. I really enjoyed myself. Althought I've come here about 3 or 4 times in the past I have yet to visit all the different rooms.The girls and I had a great time dancing the night away. The bouncers were freaking awesome! Full of conversation, and seemed to really enjoy posing with and for us.The crowd here is pretty laid back, everyone seems like their main focus is having a good time as opposed to wanting to be seen. Thanks to all the guys that provided much needed entertainment with the interesting dance skills...But to the fiesty chick playing bathroom moniter, it's the freaking bathroom, it's not the serious...
<review# 1831,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2009,7/13/2009,69,132,7,8,7>I rarely venture OTP, but I will do it for friends.  And that's how I ended up at Red Sky.  Hilariously, it completely adheres to the OTP stereotype of being in a strip mall.  However unnerving it was to go out drinking in a strip mall, I felt much more comfortable once inside.  In fact, it looked just like any cute tapas bar you'd find in Midtown!     Though I'm not sure why they claim to serve Caribbean food, the food *was* very good.  It was just more "vaguely Caribbean inspired."  Kyle and I were on a lobster kick, so we split lobster egg rolls and lobster and roasted corn dip.  Both were delicious, but I have to say that the dip was the clear winner.  Could've used some more lobster, but then again, what couldn't use some more lobster?     Perhaps even more impressive than the lobster dip were the drink specials.  $3 Martinis on Tues/Thurs!  You can choose between cosmos, pomegranate, chocolate, some other girly stuff, or a plain old martini.  Ok, so maybe they weren't the best martinis ever, but they were big, and more importantly, 3 dollars!!     My only complaint of the night was the band... Yknow those 2-dudes-with-acoustic-guitars-and-a-drummer bands that love to sing early 90s rock songs?  Yeah, it was one of those.  My distaste for such bands aside, the music was WAY too loud.  I mean this is a tapas bar, and I had to SCREAM to talk to the people sitting just across the table from me.     In any case, I'd go to this place all the time if it weren't so far away and, I must admit, I'll probably be making more than one return trip to Red Sky, even if it is OTP.
<review# 1832,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2009,7/12/2009,1,24,2,11,7>"Pinoy" means Filipino.  Being a Pinoy myself (or more accurately, a Pinay --- female form), accidentally coming across Pinoy Cuisine in the foodcourt of HK Supermarket in Jimmy Carter Blvd was a HUGE event!!! My craving for homestyle Filipino food was growling in Atlanta, and it is now officially satiated every Thursday with my weekly visit to Pinoy Cuisine.For those not familiar with Filipino food, our cuisine is actually a blending of Spanish, Malay, Chinese and American.  Pinoy Cuisine offers what we Filipinos would typically have at home, lovingly prepared by our mothers, aunties or any of the endless relatives that seem to be perpetual fixtures in every Filipino household.Photographs of the food offerings are on display at Pinoy Cuisine.  My faves are the Fried Chicken a la Max (Max is a very popular, almost iconic restaurant well-known for its fried chicken) and the lechon kawali, or deep-fried pork belly.  You can eat these two dishes American style, by dipping them in ketchup.  But they are best eaten the Pinoy way --- ask for the liver sauce, dunk in a piece of chicken or pork and pop in your mouth with a spoonful of rice.  Heaven!!!!The owner/cook at Pinoy Cuisine is very friendly and so are her assistants.  They treat everyone like a long-lost relative after you've been there twice --- very Pinoy!!!Cost-wise, this is one of the best deals this part of Atlanta.  On weekdays, you get a choice of 2 main courses plus a huge serving of rice for only $4.99.  Add another $1, and you get an additional main course.  Sweet!!!!!I hear they have a weekend buffet at only $7.99 for all you can eat.  I haven't tried that yet, but I'll probably be doing that this weekend.  Ooooh, I can't wait!!!!!!
<review# 1833,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/28/2009,7/11/2009,220,218,6,6,6>Thumbs Up is a breakfast spot I have been yearning to try for a while now thanks to Yelp.  It is not far from where I live, so I went there today.  I was expecting a wait so at that point in time, I was still Thumbs Up regarding the place.After getting sat, however, it took our server like 10 minutes to get to us!!!  And, judging by the fact that I took it upon myself to drink quite a few dranky dranks yesterday, my dehydrated self was extra annoyed.  Thumbs down, Thumbs Up.So, we ordered our drinks and food together, and our server quickly went to the table positioned right next to us to get their order (and very close actually).  Although I was enjoying my company, it annoyed me that the folks next to us were practically done with their food when we were brought ours... WTH?!  We ordered first and they got their's way before us!Anyhow, not going to go into too much detail regarding that, but the ambiance is not what saved this place for me.  In fact, its decor seriously reminded me of a Waffle House.   Same tiled floor, uncomfortable tables, and all.  The food here was really good.I got the Veggies and Tofu which is one of my new-found favorite breakfast plates.  It was tofu, broccolli, and squash all on a bed of spinach.  Furthermore and to ease my hunger, I ordered the Spud Potatoes.  Although not the most visually appealling, they were very yummy.  My BF, on the other hand, had a Turkey Bacon Omelette and a pancake.  The pancake (he says) was A) overcooked, B) brought out 15 minutes after our other food was there, and C) $2.45.   Although he enjoyed his omelette, clearly the pancake was thumbs down.So, to sum up the experience, thumbs down for service and setting, thumbs up for food (minus the pancake).  I suppose ultimately you are trying to satisfy your hunger so maybe this review won't have any impact on you... Just don't expect the best service and nicest setting.  It is a diner after all.***3 stars until I go back and get better service***
<review# 1834,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2009,7/10/2009,103,217,10,11,8>I love this place. A lot.Being raised by bikers (likened to being raised by wolves), my parents would frequently drag me to bars all over town so they could drink and party with friends and so I could have the bar experience before I was old enough to drink. Thus, I enjoy this bar NOT for the alcohol, but for the actual place itself. Since then, and probably because of me, the Vortex has changed its rules and does not allow anyone under the age of 18 in the door. Please keep this in mind. You CANNOT bring your children here. Don't try to. It's not a "family" environment. It's not a "family" establishment. Yes, they serve food... but it's so you can consume something while you're drinking to help absorb and digest all that liquor you're downing. Plus, all the old, dirty bikers (whom I love BTW, you know who you are) don't want to listen to your 4 year old scream about how much they hate ketchup. And you don't want your kid pissing off an old, dirty, biker. Seriously. Now that we're on the same level... dude, this place is awesome. A really cool atmosphere; random collections and awkward antiques cover the walls and ceilings. If it's your first time, I recommend reading the entire menu from cover to cover before doing anything else. They call themselves an "Idiot-Free Zone" and a "No Whining Zone". The staff is as friendly as they can be, but if you have a case of verbal diarrhea and start acting like a jerk, or complaining about something no one has any control over -- you can expect to find yourself outside on the sidewalk very shortly. No one cares if you don't like the annoying strippers two tables down. And no one cares if you can smell the cigarette smoke coming in through the door from the smoking area. If you don't like it -- LEAVE. There WILL be someone else who wants to sit at your table, spend their money and NOT complain. You will not be missed.The menu is amazing. It's huge. it has everything you could possibly imagine and more. They have breakfast all day. Look at that HUGE burger menu! Don't eat beef? That's ok - me either. Pick any style burger you want from the burger menu, and you can get it with Bison, Turkey, Chicken or a Veggie Burger Patty instead. YUM! On the side, the Tater Tots are great and remind you of your school days. The French Fries, Onion Rings, and Sweet Potato Fries are great as well. I've been a vegetarian for 8 years, but I've been coming here for at least 10 years. I've had just about everything on this menu, and I have never been disappointed. Everything is really good. It's an awesome place, an awesome experience, with awesome food, awesome people working there, awesome people eating there. It seriously doesn't get any more fun than this! I love it.
<review# 1835,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2009,7/9/2009,35,105,4,8,5>This place is so great. I just got back from going to lunch and enjoying a couple of beers at Johnnis Mac's and was very impressed. I've been wanting to try this place out for a while and since i'm in the area for a day or so i thought i'd walk over and check it out.The atmosphere is perfect. This place is really all about one thing, thats awesome food and drink. I had the corned beef and cabbage..... hoy crap.... i've never had it so well done. They serverd it with garlic mashed potatoes and a grilled tomato. WOW. is all i can say. i really hope i'm out here tomorrow so i can try the fish and chips.Now to business. This place has more whisky than any where else i've seen save the Vortex in little 5, and its good stuff, not JD. The prices are really great for single malts, not many more than about $7-8 a pour. The beer selection was good but not as broad as Daniel A. seemed to think. They had a few good belgians and all the english/irish/scottish standards plus a few wierdos, i had a japanese hefeweizen if that means anything to you.The staff was friendly but i really just talked with Patty the bartender, she was excellent. Its decorated well and looks like it would be a really great place to come on the weekends, i'm guessing monday afternoon isn't the best time for a place like this. Oh and the patio looks really good, it has a fireplace, gotta love that.
<review# 1836,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2008,7/8/2009,23,15,9,6,7>Okay so I am one of those... You know, the ones guilty of the whole, "don't want anyone driving my car but me" complex. Yeah, and the best part is my car ain't really all that great. So here's the punchline, if you've got clients, and you know who you are, or you just dig on some Asian Fusion cuisine that will rock your socks, Roy's is the place for you. The best part is the name, Roy's. I mean, even typing it now, I am second guessing myself... Is it really called that? Roy's? It just sounds to much like a joint with peanut shells on the floor. Alas, Roy's provides the perfect combination of helpful service, well prepared dishes, and a flood of shaded natural light all waiting for your every request. As soon as you step through the elegant, understated solid wood door, you get the feeling that Roy's is all about one thing, you. The service is clean, attentive, and positive. All of our dining related questions were answered promptly, professionally and completely void of the typical, "I am not sure, but let me check with the kitchen" type of statements I had grown so accustom to at other "Fine Dinning" Restaurants. Did I mention they have beer on tap, and not just one label, big points for that. The Macadamia Nut-Crusted Mahi Mahi is as much of a treat to eat as it is fun to pronounce. And, since no one living in Atlanta is actually from Atlanta, you can always recommend the Charbroiled Short Ribs of Beef to your (Mid-Western transplant) clients. Seriously people, are we still going to talk about Ohio State for the third year in a row! I digress, Roy's is the spot for casual, professional service and atmosphere that delivers upscale tasting treats that are pleasing to the palette and eyes. They even delivered on the post meal coffee, where the real bidnezz talk takes place... Must be Kona. And the best part, you get to park your own dope ride, but remember... Keep that parking garage stub thing in your hot pocket because Roy's will stamp it for you so the jaded parking attendant cannot stiff you.
<review# 1837,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/17/2009,7/7/2009,80,54,32,14,16>What's better than Hot Glazed Doughnuts?... Did you say Hot Naked Girls?? If so, then you'd be right! There are plenty of them here for your viewing pleasure, honey. Girls everywhere shaking what their mama's (and doctors) gave them for your hard earned money. Drink in left hand, cash in right, all ingredients for a fun filled night. An adventure in the making, $ parking, $$ cover, $$$ drinks, $$$$ the twins. But, well worth the stories we have in the end. The atmosphere is a bit outdated,  but did you really come here for that??Make sure to bring your friends and don't forget your wife, or she could quite possibly end your sneaky life.  All in all it provides a really good time especially for those who are enjoying many a shots and a lime.
<review# 1838,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2009,7/6/2009,183,150,14,13,9>Sadly my drunken haze has made it difficult for me to comment on the full and complete MJQ Experience, But this is what I do know....the DJs (two of them) are off the chain (which is slang for very, very good, The drinks are strong (which is code for YOU WILL GET DRUNK), and the people are cool and friendly (which means no one stole anything out my purse even though I was drunk and would not have miss a dime). I will submit an updated SOBER review when I experience one.
<review# 1839,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2009,7/5/2009,212,240,17,13,12>If you are in AMERICA or can see this where you are, save about 3000 calories and 40 grams of fat and walk no run down to Ms. Anns. This aint no greasy burger. Shes an oldie but goodie and he burger needs to be called Ms. Anns Hell Burger, Ms. Anns Juicy  burger.  She deep fries the bacon and get this NOTHING TASTES GREASY.  You will be full for two days.  It is ridiculous.  The portion and price are incredible.  Wish she had beer.The liquor store guy next door hate on her and you cannot park on his lot. Want the experience of Ms. Ann.... watch this clip..youtube.com/watch?v=IbKF IF CANT YOUTUBE CHECK IT HERE  imeem.com/groups/2xkF40UNow the other side of the coin. Do Not cuss, that is reserved for Ms. Ann.Only speak when you are spoken too.Do not enter the snack bar until she tells you to so Know who is IN FRONT of you and who is BEHIND you in line. Hurry up and wait. DO NOT even attempt to try to emulate this burger at home, you cant do it.  I am aregular and have never seen her screem, but I have seen her snap.  Even those unruly saggy pant fellas back up and take notice and give the respect that is in the house of Ms. Ann. This is a landmark of historic places.  You need to have the right attitude and patience.  Trust and believe it is worth the wait.  Do not ask for nothing, she will take care of youGOD BLESS AMERICA and Ms. Ann.
<review# 1840,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/19/2009,7/4/2009,129,504,8,7,6>Am I really the first one?Okay, let me go through my checklist:1) Exploding pen - check2) Elevated expectations of a Jerry-Springer-esque event occurring - check3) Fear of catching some food borne, a la Food Inc. illness - checkWhat a disappointment.  With the exception of the exploding pen, the place was actually decent.I had the broiled salmon with came with broccoli on a bed of wilted onion rings.  It was fine.Yelpers were fine - got to match real bodies with the profiles.No partial or full nudity.Maybe we should go at night and add booze to the mix?
<review# 1841,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2009,7/3/2009,120,167,9,6,5>We couldn't get a table on the patio at our previous stop, so we made our way over to Front Page News where we scored one.  And being super pale, I'm adverse to being in sunlight, so I was delighted that it was a shady patio.  We'd already eaten, so I just tried the bread pudding, which everyone decided tastes like a cinnamon roll.  I had that along with some froufrou martinis.  Our server was fantastic, though she asked me at every turn if I wanted another martini.  I can't recall dates that have been that eager to get me drunk.  (Key phrase there being "I can't recall".)
<review# 1842,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2009,7/2/2009,4,6,20,70,18>On a whim, I decided to stop into this place after seeing their fun advertisements on television.  They are adjacent to the Town Center Mall in one of the strips of shops that encircle the mall (near the food court).  In the window as I was about to walk in I saw some of the biggest bras I've ever seen -- and given the fact that I'm pretty small busted, I wondered if I was making a mistake by entering.  But I wasn't!  The saleslady there (her name was Michael -- ha) was very nice ... I said I wanted to get fitted for a bra and she led me to a curtain-ed off area and asked me to take my shirt off.  Given that I've been measured many times at Victoria's Secret and never once taken off my shirt, I was especially surprised that she wanted me to remove my bra as well.  So there I am, standing nude, feeling a bit strange ... but they give you a robe ... still, she later told me that the tape-measure method rarely works.  They get paid to look at breasts all day and determine what size you really are.Without disclosing my results, let me just say how SHOCKED I was that she would pull this bra ... but before I knew the size, she had me try it on (by leaning over to "touch my toes" first, btw) ... and voila!  A minor miracle!!  Not only did the bra fit perfectly, but I felt my posture was improved as well.  Then she brought me at least 20 other bras in this preposterous size ... many of which fit!! ... and I walked out of there with two new fancy bras.  It ain't cheap, and they will try to convince you to buy at least four bras (at over $40 a pop), but the service was OUTSTANDING and I am most impressed.  Next paycheck I get, I'm going back for another bra!
<review# 1843,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2008,7/1/2009,227,316,16,18,16>I'm not an addict but, the Chattahoochee National Recreation Area for me, is like crack for a crack head.This place is my paradise in the city.  My natural high.It's larger than you could ever imagine.  Especially since it's a short drive from Atlanta.  You'll pass magnificent trees, the wide river, bubbling streams, and hike beautiful trails.If you're drug of choice is running, the CNRA will have you addicted as well.  You can have a peaceful 7 mile run, uninterrupted, through this scenic park.This is a must go for anyone in need of a natural high.[Just say no to drugs!  :-)]
<review# 1844,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/7/2009,6/30/2009,196,345,8,10,5>The new Midtown Diner: equal parts brilliant and infuriatingly stupid.24-hour place on my route home? Brilliant.Quality of food? Pretty brilliant for a diner, actually. Though my expectations may have been lowered by the service. I'll get to that. I had what was insistently described to me as "eggplant hummus" and only sort of like baba ganoush. Tasted just like baba ganoush to me, but it was very good.  I also had a mediterranean omelet with no bacon (the remaining ingredients were sun dried tomatoes, mushrooms, and blue cheese), which was very well cooked, colorful and fresh-looking, and tasted great.Ambiance? Liked it - lots and lots of seating, much of it outdoors and covered. No, it's not the most brilliant view, but it's nice to have the option of BEING outside and eating breakfast food anytime you want. Flying biscuit does not quite achieve this.  I didn't understand why there were two separate levels separated by a fence, because it was the same restaurant.  Also there were a lot of different TYPES of tables outside, it seemed - or at least two.  "Normal," and "huge cushy pleather low chair I remember seeing in my college library, with big flat armrests that you can sit drinks on without them spilling."  I was seated in the latter and actually got a huge kick out of it, even though the table was a little high for those chairs. Now onto the infuriatingly stupid aspects of my visit.First of all, what is a place like this doing without a wi-fi connection?  I would so easily drop $5 or more to use it there. And with those big chairs? My netbook fits so nice on that armrest, and is safely out of way of my food and drink -- being teased with the thought of working there AS LATE AS I WANT because it's 24/7 but not being able to because there was no wireless network available -- upsetting.Second, I've never had service that was quite so ... sullen.  I will give our server credit for getting the most important thing right, which was leaving the bacon out of my omelet.  Pretty much everything else she did was objectionable in some way though. Forgot to bring toast with the omelet, then brought the wrong kind, gave the table next to us the wrong change back, etc. I will say that I saw other servers around doing a better job and seeming much more into it. Third, I'm not sure precisely how much of the service was the fault of the menu ridiculousness.  The place has two artistically indistinguishable menus floating around, one of which is obsolete. Once I got my hands on a non-obsolete one, I discovered the following issues:--They "didn't have" hummus, which was featured in several dishes on the old and new menus.  I don't think a mediterranean place should be allowed to call itself mediterranean and not have hummus, but that's just me. And I'm sorry, baba ganoush (or "eggplant hummus" as my server insisted), is NOT the same thing as hummus, even if it is good in its own right.--They list a veggie burger under "Vegetarian dishes" (a category I applaud them for having, even if it seems to have been very poorly conceived).  However, when I asked about it, the server said no, it's a veggie wrap.  And then I pointed to a completely separate item called "vegetarian wrap," and she said it was the same thing.  But they were different sections of the menu, different descriptions, and (I think) different prices.  What?  I did not get the veggie burger/vegetarian wrap because the vegetarian wrap was supposed to have hummus on it. Gr.--On the old menu they describe the "Stuffed grape leaves" in the appetizer section as stuffed with rice and spices.  On both the old and new menu they list "stuffed grape leaves" as an entree under "Vegetarian dishes" with no description.  But then on the new menu they say there is lamb in them in the appetizer section, but still list them on the "Vegetarian dishes" section.  When pressed on this, the server seemed pretty sure they all had meat in them.  This is *highly* concerning.  Vegetarians, do NOT order the stuffed grape leaves.Those were the only problems I found, but I'm sure there were more.OK - if anyone from Midtown Diner happens to be listening, please change the following things and you are an easy 5 stars:First and foremost, get a wireless internet connection.  I was drooling so bad for this that I was almost considering buying one of those verizon connections you can use anywhere just so I could use it here - even after the experience had gone downhill a bit. Second, get that girl to fix her attitude problem.  Don't fire her or anything. Just tell her to be friendly and conscientious.Finally, don't be out of hummus! Come on.  Fix the other menu stuff too, but really, my whole beef with the place started when she came back and told me that there was no hummus. If there had been hummus, I might not have even noticed the rest of the glaring flaws.
<review# 1845,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2009,6/28/2009,338,442,3,8,7>Ah....I finally got to come out to this place.  And thanks to the overwhelming generosity of my good friend, I got treated to more than a generous sampling of sashimi & nigiri (via omakase), and sake (three types I got to taste, all distinct and VERY GOOD).  Thanks F.H., this meal was ridiculously good, and it was great to have you back albeit for such a short time.It was the first time (that I can remember) that I had the uni (sea urchin) sushi- and as it glided and melted from end to end inside my mouth, I couldn't believe how fresh and sweet (not from sugar, but from freshness) it was- WOW.  As good as all the sashimi and nigiri sushi was, I think the uni stood out for me.  When I come back (yes, and I mean when, not "if"), it'll be part of my next order. The salmon sashimi was buttery, as I would've hoped from a place like Hayakawa- spot on.  I have to say that I've become increasingly affectionate of mackerel sashimi as well- there's a stronger taste so it may not be for everyone, but gosh, the taste of the fish itself along with the oil from the skin....absolutely delectable.  I also had flounder sashimi for the first time, which was light in flavor but refreshing.   Haya-san suggested that we order a seafood soup which was the special of the day- a few of us split 2 bowls of the soup.  Wow. The flavor of fish, shrimp, and clams were so strong in this soup- it would probably be too much for some, but for myself, it was so tasty!  As you notice, I've posted no individual scores- 5's all around for food...and with the company we had- well, let's make that a (6).  :)
<review# 1846,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2008,6/27/2009,18,18,6,6,5>There's honestly no need for me to submit a review for Fat Matt's because it seems that everyone has done it for me; so I'll keep it simple.Service: Simple.Atmosphere: Just what it should be (for a restaurant that includes the word "shack" in it's title.)Price: Appropriate.Cuisine: Oh-my-F'in-Goodness! I have yet to try anything but the ribs--and why should I?! There's nothing else that matters. The ribs are priceless. So TENDER, literally falling off the bone! The sauce is one-of-a-kind, and they allow for as little or as much as your palette desires. Granted, you will normally have to wait in line but the live music, the mouth-watering aroma, and the swift service cancels out the wait. If you don't believe the hype, I personally DARE YOU to try it. You'll be thanking (us all)!NOTE: Now Fat Matt's side venture next door, the Chicken Shack... Is FAR less amazing. Stay clear. I've tried almost half of that menu in anticipation of something astounding, and it's been way less than average.
<review# 1847,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2009,6/26/2009,245,510,10,9,7>Wow...I've never seen so many 5 star reviews gathered in one place since I went over to Citisearch and read reviews of Applebees. Is this a case of borderline mass hysteria? I was expecting President Obama and Miley Cyrus to walk in at any moment to 'calm things down a bit'. eh hem.Sorry to extinguish the fire, but an empty stomach and an $80+ bill makes Robert M. a dull boy. But hey, I'm still giving it 4 stars to fit in with the crowd. I give it 4 stars for its creative menu and culinary effort, but really it is a 3.5 rounded up.  I'm only going back one more time, to hunt for and then order the elusive buttermilk fried Snipe. Oh sorry, I meant the burger. Luckily for me, I was with a group and was able to sample additional menu items. The orders: I started off with a 04 Routas Wild Boar French Cab which was pleasant on the nose but ran out of gas at the finish line. It was a decent pick since the 'by the glass' selection was Merlot happy. Buttermilk fried quail with tabasco butter - George Costanza needed special ordered tiny instruments for an operation on a squirrel he ran over (was that on the menu too?). I needed special tiny utensils to eat my fried bird. Yeah...I know, IT'S A QUAIL and this is a small bird! Still left me hungry though. The tabasco butter was brilliant, you could dip Chattahoochee River mudfish in this and make it taste good. Hanger Steak with Bacon/Onion Hash - when this came out I felt like Bear Grylls coming across a lemon caper trout he "caught" after 3 days of starvation (thanks crew!). The bacon gave the steak a nice smoke infused flavor, cooked medium rare, and hit the spot. Still hungry... Farm egg and pancetta carbonara - the pasta was cooked perfectly al dente, and the egg held together the pancetta, romano and pepper together nicely. Still hungry... Beer battered Georgia white shrimp - nice crispy light batter covered amply sized shrimp, the devil must have came down to Georgia for Finch's authentic Georgian shrimp. Still hungry... Bershire pork belly topped with chow chow and laying on some bitter greens - the belly was sliced a bit thick but dissolved nicely and tasted much better with the bitter greens mixed in.  Still a bit too chewy even for pork belly.By the way, I am still hungry at this point. Deep fried pork belly (the special of the night) - this was better than the above mentioned pork belly, with a nice crunch yet melts away. However, it was a meal fit for a field mouse. I'm still hungry. The cured meat plate - yeah, this had some prosciutto, some salami, some bresaola and I believe one or two other things. The Bresaola was the winner of the cured meat fight. I could eat pounds of this, but unfortunately a pack rat would go hungry on this plate. Maybe they thought I would accidentally choke if the meat was sliced a bit larger, so I'll give them the benefit of the doubt. Overall, the flavors of the night were pretty good, but not "wow". Once I go back to catch my Snipe, I probably won't be back, no matter how trendy a 'gastro pub' has become in the ATL.
<review# 1848,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2009,6/25/2009,86,179,8,4,5>So what do you do when you bring a date to Taka and they reveal that they don't like sushi / sashimi? 1. Freak out?2. Politely leave and go somewhere else? 3. Or do you stay and make her eat sushi anyways?I went with option 3......j/kWe stayed because luckily Taka has an assortment of good appetizers on their menu that doesn't include sushi. I went into this date thinking I was going to just order a sashimi combination but we ended up doing Japanese tapas.So here was the line-up for tonight:Hamachi Kama - Grilled Yellow Tail CollarUni Ravioli - sliced scallop sashimi with fresh uni inside Buta Bara - Stewed Fatty Pork ShoulderOkonomiyaki - Japanese pancake (I got it with shrimp and crab)Sunomono - Seaweed & Seafood Salad in VinaigretteGyoza - Fried dumplingsOtokoyama Sake - 1 CarafeIt didn't seem like a lot when I ordered because it was all appetizers but it ended up being plenty of food for the 2 of us. I wasn't a big fan of the sunomono and gyoza but everything else was very good especially the hamachi kama and buta bara.I will come back again to do the omakase one day.....perhaps with a date that eats sushi.
<review# 1849,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/8/2009,6/24/2009,145,240,5,5,6>Man...I didn't even remember I had reviewed this place. I remember when Rolling Bones first opened in 2003. I was so excited to have some unique BBQ in my hood, and a drive-through mind you! After going there many, many times I can safely say it was one of the more inconsistent, and not-so-great Q places in town. I had some damn good meals here, but more often than not, some pretty disappointing ones. Then I got word (from Ben H.) that Rolling Bones was under new ownership and that on June 7th, they were administering an entirely new menu (Check out Todd Richards' Blog for the low down). Wow this is a name-drop-fest! Today's the 8th. No new menu. Sigh. I ordered from the old menu. Got the chopped pork. It was legit - better than I've ever had here.. It had a really nice smoke-ring to it and was tender as could be. Sadly, before I could say anything, the lady behind the counter had fully bathed it in sauce, thus nearly defeating the actual work that went into the fine meat. Their sauce is really their downfall; It's closer to sweet and sour sauce than BBQ. The sides are just as I remembered: meh. I asked the guy at the counter what was up with the new menu and when would it be in full swing and he acted like I was asking if they had Bin Laden hiding in their smoker. Guy: "Where'd you hear about that?" he whispered. Me: Online Guy: "Like an email?" Me: Yep Guy: "Do you know what's on the menu?" Me: Nope (sick of the line of questioning) Guy: "Well some dude bought the place," he motions to two guys fixing up the patio outside. Me: Thanks Guy: Kinda peeved, "Today's my last day..."Sure enough when I was leaving I recognized Chef Richards from his blog but he was too busy to be bothered painting the fence. Still eagerly awaiting the reopening and new menu. Sigh.
<review# 1850,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2009,6/23/2009,27,16,6,6,6>Just need to say wow! Been years since I've digged into a Banh Mi and it didn't hold a candle to Lee's. Went there with the group and for the price of roughly $3 for a sandwich, my convented Subway's suddenly looked like a red headed stepchild. Thinking these things would be small as they were up North I decided to double up. (You can't tell from the pictures anyway folks.) The Lee's Special and Roasted Pork were my challenge of the night to wolf down. Bread was perfect. Warm with a crispy top but a soft bite through that won't cut the roof of your mouth. Plenty of meat, carrots, and seasoning with both, but I will have to say it seemed like Pork was just simply more delightful. Then again, I tend to enjoy salty foods, and was stuffing the 2nd Special which I'm sure skewed by tastes. Delightful, but unless you're feeding a family of 4-5 bring cash. $10 limit for credit cards.
<review# 1851,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2009,6/22/2009,122,348,9,11,10>I ordered a cake here for my coworker's birthday. You can smell the goodies baking from the parking lot!I took an extra slice of the caramel cake home. Holy Mother of Jesus. This is the most moist cake I have ever had the pleasure of sinking my teeth into.I think it is my favorite cake ever.Now, let me tell you about the clam chowder! I am very picky about clam chowder and this is perhaps the best I have had in Atlanta.I am really anxious to try their sandwiches and salads now. Check them out-- you won't be disappointed!
<review# 1852,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2009,6/20/2009,22,22,4,5,5>On the way to pick up a fellow yelper for lunch, at an yet undecided Buford Hwy location, I spotted a sign in a new plaza "Crawfish." We decide to give it try, why not? First off, it is not really an eat in place. A few tables and that's about it. The walls are painted in a manner that I don't know how to describe, maybe just very sponge spotted. They don't go unnoticed. Don't even ask about a restroom. You will be sent across the parking lot to the owner's dad's garage to use it. This wasn't the most encouraging start.Now for the food. I have had many a crawfish in my day and eaten about the most authentic as you can get at restaurant, from Acme in NOLA. So that will be my comparison for the mud bugs. I would say that they were good, partly because they were already cooked that morning. I believe freshness and cooking time make a difference. The seasoning was very nice, not too spicy, just enough enough flavor. That being said, I would not go there just for the crawfish. I would go there for the shrimp. The portion was huge, and they were very good. The side of fries was about par for frozen. Back to the shrimp. As other reviewer's stated, they would be awesome on a po'boy, and with the rest of the standard cajun. It is a pity they don't have the sides.The owner was very nice, though ordering took a little time to communicate. Throughout the meal we were asked how things were. They were proud of the quality and quantity of their shrimp plate, as they should be for $6.50. I would recommend for them to put a sign on the street, and at least add a po' boy option.
<review# 1853,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2009,6/19/2009,155,332,6,9,9>Yep, I'm now on day 10 of my flu so it's time for tofu soup, take #2. My first tofu soup review was for Cho Dang (yelp.com/biz/cho-dang-to).I came here at 2:30 on a rainy Saturday afternoon, expecting it to be empty, and the place was half full! Apparently I'm not the only person who eats at strange in-between-meal times.Pros:(1) Located in a convenient and visible location across from Mozart Bakery on Buford Hwy.(2) Nice atmosphere, kinda cutesy decor.(3) Food flavors appeal to a wide range of tastes.(4) Menus come with some English explanations.(5) They have one Chinese-speaking waitress.(6) You can get full on the tasty and endless supply of appetizer dishes.This is the one Korean restaurant in town where you're most likely to see lots of non-Koreans, probably due to most of the reasons listed above.Cons?Not sure I can think of any right away. However, I will say that their beef tofu soup today tasted a bit watered-down compared to the usual, the fish was a little over-fried, and the bbq ribs were kind of chewy. On the other hand, this is the first time I've been able to find anything to complain about out of the 8-10 times I've been here so it's probably an exception.
<review# 1854,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/31/2008,6/18/2009,63,46,8,15,6>What?  Have you people never haggled for price on anything before?  It's retail people...price is always negotiable.  Three years ago I went to D. Geller & Son to purchase an engagement ring.  I had talked to a few people and they told me this was the best place to get a deal on a really good diamond.  I did my research.  I went to other jewelry shops (Shane, Jared, a couple others) and wasn't impressed at all.  The showrooms looked better than the diamonds they were bringing out to me.  I ended my search at D. Geller with an arsenal of diamond knowledge.  I spent well over two hours in the store having the salesperson bring me every kind of diamond until I found the one.  Then I worked the guy down to the price I wanted quoting prices from other diamond store (that were totally made up).  I later went back and purchased the wedding bands from them as well.  This is how it works people.  This is old school sales stuff.  One time I spent about six hours at a car dealership haggling over the price of truck only to walk out an hour after they closed with no truck.  Guess what happened..I got a call the next day from the salesman offering me the truck at the price I wanted.  It's not magic...it negotiation.  THE BOTTOM LINE -- You can get a good deal here...but you gotta work for it.
<review# 1855,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2009,6/16/2009,216,468,14,11,10>Thanks to my knife handling genius, I sliced up a finger good playing Top Chef and needed to pay Dr. Rodon a visit again at the North Atlanta Urgent Care clinic. Coming here is not always fun considering that it usually involves pain and discomfort. But I still love this place.When I dropped in this morning there was no wait. I was immediately taken back to get my damaged finger surveyed and repaired. What I figured might require a stitch or two ended up needing 5 (and I thought that knife was dull as sh*t!), but Dr. Rodon took good care of me. Get this. While I was waiting for the Lidocaine to kick in, the guy brings me an espresso and asks, "Would you like sugar or Splenda?" Talk about great service. A stitch and a pick-me-up all in one place!Can you tell I wrote this review with the "hunt and peck" method of typing? It's required since my finger is now wrapped up like a pig in a blanket. Now where's that Vicodin??
<review# 1856,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2009,6/15/2009,357,369,17,16,18>I have to pull an all-nighter tonight.I'm threatening to quit my job.I'm ranting, raving, and succumbing to the winter doldrums."It's time for the beach! I can't take it anymore!"::pause::"Or, if you bring me a milkshake from Papi's, I'll probably get through this."The boy showed up as they were closing tonight but they hooked it up. I'm sitting here purring like a grateful kitty, pep-talking myself into staying landlocked another day and knocking out a pile of work.  Tonight's productivity and continued residence in the A brought to you by the previously reviewed passion fruit shake and the light and creamy mango shake alongside it.  Papi's makes milkshakes the way mamma used to make them. For those of you whose mamma was an ample-bosomed beautiful Caribbean woman in a housecoat and flip flops who crushed and pulsed fresh chunks of delectable fruit in a rickety but trusty blender.  But yeah, this stuff is gooood.
<review# 1857,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2009,6/14/2009,94,68,5,6,5>Oh wow!  This is just mouthwatering wonderfulness at its finest!  I love the smoked salmon BLT!  Oh so good!  Even though it's only on the lunch menu, they were kind enough to make it for me when I was totally craving it for dinner.  Their ingredients are so fresh and very high quality!  I just don't see how it gets any better!  Oh wait, try the beets and goat cheese (alone beets taste like dirt...and goat cheese tastes like, well, goats.  But together they are beautiful and heavenly!) Even though they have gourmet food, the atmosphere is laid back and really comfy casual. "Fois gras in your sandals", as I've seen it described.  A lot of times, they'll do special wine and beer tasting events or special brunch or dinner menus for certain holidays.  I've never been, but I would love to go.  These people really treat every bit of food as a delicate art form.
<review# 1858,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/13/2008,6/13/2009,213,662,9,7,7>I'm a total taco fiend and was really excited to sample the tortilla delights The Original El Taco has to offer. I approached the restaurant from Amsterdam Avenue and completely missed the door, skulking past the plastic covering, around the other side of the building before I realized the entrance is located at the side facing Amsterdam. Anyway, my coworker Walter R. was already there waiting for me, not that it mattered at 6 p.m. on a Tuesday--the place was pretty empty. Neither of us had time to eat lunch that day, so we began our feast with the wood-grilled beef skewer appetizer, oozing with smoked jalapeño oil and flavorful juice. Starving, I scarfed a triumvirate of tacos: the fried tilapia (filled with avocado, sunflower sprouts and habanero salsa--pretty good, although I would have liked a fat layer of melted cheese); fried chicken (stuffed with corn, lime mayo and cheese, although the layer of cheese could have been fatter); and Mexican chorizo (my least favorite by far, including grilled peppers and onions, radish slices--interesting but not good raw--and a lil cheese).After I had inhaled my first taco, the waitress informed Walter R. and me of the condiment bar--a cart offering a variety of salsas and toppings. Too bad there wasn't any extra cheese...The best part of the evening was when a young man brought me a glass of beer. "And a Guinness for you," he brightly smiled, sliding the frosty glass in front of me. (I don't remember what beer it was--I'm just saying Guinness.) And I was like, "Okay...thanks." And he was all, "You want it, don't you?" And I answered, "Sure, why not? I appreciate it."Turns out someone else had ordered the beer, and he accidentally was delivering it to my table."Oh darn," I told him. "I thought you were insinuating you find me attractive by bringing me a beer. But now I see you work here."Oopsie.Anyway, I didn't think the tacos were that great, but they weren't horrible either. I'm partial to Six Feet Under's combo taco plate, and nothing will pull it down from its ethereal pedestal--not The Original El Taco, at least.
<review# 1859,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/6/2008,6/12/2009,57,56,5,6,5>Alrighty then, time for my two cents.  Frankly, the mere existence of this place pleases me, and so I am predisposed to speak of it positively.  There are negatives, but come on.  It is a random independent place with Go Carts, mini golf, a comedy club, a sports bar, an arcade, a movie theater, and pool tables.  All in the same business.  Located in a strip mall, you have to either pull around back or go down some ratty old stair to access it.  But that's ok, because it is nicer than it looks from the outside.  The arcade is acceptable.  These things are, on the whole, too expensive for me nowadays, but that covers all arcades.  The miniature bowling was certainly something to see.  Literally, there are lanes where you bowl with a ball that fits in your hand.  That is just weird, but like I said, Star time has everything.The movie theater I have reviewed separately, so check that out if interested.  When I have gone, the bar has been fairly relaxed and quiet, and no patrons bothered me, nor were they a plus.  It was easy to get a pool table and not have anyone playing next to you.The comedy club is interesting.  Occasionally decent acts come through, such as Bob Saget or Michael Winslow.  And hey, the up and coming comedians have a place to play as well.  Prices are fair for a show, and I imagine this would be the main draw to a yelper.  (The one thing we all share is an excellent sense of humor.  Right? )The mini golf courses are nice.  Lately, I have only been seeing mini golf courses with little to no features.  Where are the windmills from days of yore?  These courses are well done, if a little crowded.  And by crowded, I mean that you will be stuck behind the four giggling 15 year old kids.  But see above about coming after 10 PM.Batting cages.  They have them.  I like them.  I don't know anywhere else that does, anywhere in the Roswell area, so Star time wins on that account as well.Whew!  A long review for a place with a lot going on.  Cool points:  Bring a date here.  If you're like me, you'll understand.  If your date cannot find something enjoyable here, or it is too gritty for her, then don't go out with her again.  But since you're like me, forget I said that.  We need all the dates we can get.
<review# 1860,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2009,6/10/2009,474,1389,5,6,6>Thanks to Tulie for inviting me to join her for some delicious BBQ at Fox Bros!  I took the back route so that I wouldn't get confused by the ramp situation on Moreland, and found a spot on the street nearby.  I found the start of our group at the bar, fried pickles already ordered.  I have quite the weakness for fried pickles.  The seasoning was great, though I prefer a firmer pickle to start (that's what she said) so that they're still crispy when fried.Major points to the staff for being so cool with our large and ever-growing group.  We started with "9" and more just kept coming.  The hostess and waitress never seemed to mind, and even happily split all the checks.  I LOVE the laid back places that are actually laid back, not just about food and décor, but also about service.  I was getting too ambitious as I looked over the menu at all the things that I wanted to try - brisket, pork, wings, pimento cheese, mac and cheese, collards - when Tulie gave me some good advice - "since this is your first visit, just start with a meat."  So I stuck with the brisket plate with mac 'n' cheese and collards.That was some darn good brisket, particularly the end portions with all the seasoning!  The sauce was a little too runny for my taste (since I prefer the thick mopping sauces), but had great sweet and spicy flavor.  I'm going to have to agree with Todd on the mac 'n' cheese - good, not great - the sauce was just too floury for my taste.  The collards were excellent - savory spice and good texture - not mush!  There were wings for the table, and yes they were excellent wings - nice and smoky.  Can't wait to go back to try the Pimento Cheese!
<review# 1861,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2008,6/7/2009,140,143,3,5,6>Jalapeño!  Jalapeño! Jalapeño Margarita!The BF and I hit up Pozole on a regular basis for our appetizer date nights.   We can walk there from my place.  :)  Most recently we sat at the bar and ordered our regular salsa trio.  For $2 you get a bucket of chips and can choose three salsas.  We love the pineapple, salsa verde and the habanero.  After that, I'm usually too full for anything else!  The beans and rice are solid.  The BF likes the tacos.I will usually order a Michelada.  Which is a mix of hot sauce, lime, and a little tomato juice served in a salt rimmed glass.  You just pour in your favorite beer.  They're really good for hangovers, too.  But, more than anything, I am in LOVE with their jalapeño margaritas.  I had my first one on this trip and will order them every time I go now.  All I need is two to set my little world right on its' axis.One of these days, I'll get past the chips and really look at the menu.  There's some corn fritter that I really want to try.  And the ceviche sounds good.  I like the vibe of Pozole. But, that probably has something to do with the big Tequila grin on my face.  Thank god for walking distance!
<review# 1862,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2008,6/6/2009,343,405,8,7,7>I'm seriously having a "When Harry Met Sally" moment at Noni's...after taking a bite of my sandwich and fries...the ooohhh's, mmmmm's, and ahhh's surged out of me!  Located off of Edgewood Ave, you have to drive pretty slow or you will pass it!  (I was lucky to find it while I was riding my bike to work one day)  The restaurant is beautiful...brick walls, wooden bar, white padded chairs in the back area and even a cute patio area next to the parking lot! My boss and I were instantly greeted by both the waitress and bartender.  This place reminded me of a neighborhood restaurant in Chicago...small, historic, off the beaten path...yet trendy, urban, and oh so city!!!  Just sitting at the bar and looking out the window at the gray rainy skies, made me think i was actually in Chicago!  *sigh*Since we were super busy at work, we opted to get take out.  Joe ordered the Hot Dom (prosciutto, mozzarella and peppers) and I got the Spinozzi (chicken salad) and we both ordered the fries, since I heard they were fantastic.  When we got back into the office, we ripped into our food and it was delicious. It is definitely one of the most flavorful sandwiches I have ever had!  You could taste the sweetness of the balsamic and the tartness of lemon in my sandwich.  The fries...can we say garlicky heaven!?!?  I had myself licking my fingers just to get more of that garlic goodness!  If you had seen me eat, you would have honestly thought it was my first time ever eating.  It is that good and I am heading back there again sooner than later!  This place definitely wins the O Face Award! [ youtube.com/watch?v=k6UP ]
<review# 1863,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2008,6/5/2009,53,28,3,6,4>Strip malls, so many strip malls. Finding Yuka was like finding a needle in a haystack. Yuka has a minimalist feel, though comfortable. I sat at the bar and watched the master sushi chef descale and clean a very fresh fish, I've got to say I was impressed.  The staff was attentive and the presentation of every dish was a work of art, no kidding, bring your camera. Being it was my first visit I stuck with the classics, spicy tuna, miso soup, salmon sashimi, by far the best I've had since moving to Atlanta. Yuka Sushibar makes miso happy!
<review# 1864,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2009,6/4/2009,68,309,8,6,6>I've been interested in trying Top Fleur for a while now - mainly because it's right there where Papi's is but also because I just wanted to see if it lived up to the hype.  I kept my expectations low as I suspected Top Flair was going to be an all-style/no-substance type of place.        We had 5 minute wait for a group of 10 on a Saturday night. That's really not bad at all even though it was maybe 10pm or so.  We had a pretty big table down near the bar in the bottom level.  Décor - well, just look at the pictures.  It definitely had a hip/trendy vibe, but it wasn't too bad.    I was starving as it was a weird day where I actually hadn't had a meal yet (just toast!) so I ordered the tuna tartare flatbread and pork tenderloin.  I also split a mixed greens salad with my dining partner in crime and had a bite of the mac & cheese.  The flatbread isn't a type of thing that I would normally order, but it just kinda jumped out at me from the menu as it sounded really good.  I was not disappointed.  The flatbread was very light and thin, but it had a tendency to fall apart pretty easily.  The tuna was good.  I think they were a little too heavy-handed with the sauces on it as it obscured the taste a little too much, but that may have just been mine.  Overall, it was a little difficult to eat, but very tasty.  I'd definitely get this again.    The pork tenderloin was very good as well.  It had a nice little sear to it and was pretty juicy, but it damn well better have been since Top Flour charges 13 bucks for it.  Quite good, but I thought it was a little too pricey. The mixed greens salad was good, but slightly odd.  It had goat cheese, pistachios, berries, and honey lavender dressing.  Everything tasted great, but - this is very weird - I got this taste of vanilla frosting from the salad!  It wasn't overwhelming, but there was something distinctive in there that really made me think of vanilla frosting.  I had some other people taste it as well and they all agreed.  I think it must have been the salad dressing - maybe they threw a little Duncan Hines in it or something.  Not a problem at all as it wasn't bad taste - just unexpected and slightly bizarre.  The m&c was solid as well, but it came with spinach mixed in (it was not mentioned on the menu - it should be though).  That wasn't an issue for me since I like spinach, but I could see how it could be for someone else.      For dessert we split the chocolate caramel tart with olive oil ice cream.  The chocolate caramel filling and the ice cream were both good, but the tart crust was too thick and hard which made the dessert difficult to eat.  Something closer to the thinness of the flatbread would have been preferable (though a little thicker).  Also, the beer list is pretty tiny but at least it seems like they are trying.  All in all, Top Flyer was a pleasant surprise.  It was a lot better than I thought it was going to be.  Not many places offer that caliber of food that late so it is definitely a place I'd be happy to go back to.  The food was good enough to make me look forward to going back there again.        Oh, and apparently it is actually called Top FLOOR.  Whoops.4
<review# 1865,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/30/2009,6/3/2009,31,19,5,7,6>Laseter's is a restaurant/bar that has a dive bar feel at night but would still be a fun place during the day to watch a game, eat, and drink beer with fellow sports fans.We came with a big group on Saturday night and the place was hopping. We did find two tables together in a corner but some of us ended up playing games and sitting at the bar since it was a little cramped for a group of 10 or so. The group behind us seemed annoyed that we had a lot of people back in our corner, but then again they were drinking wine at a sports bar so we didn't worry about them too much. Also present were lots of really drunk Thrashers fans who were pretty hilarious. Cheap beer specials, Coors Light pitcher for $8.99 I think, and all the food was inexpensive as well. We got fries later on in the evening and they were comparable to Wendy's fries, which happen to be my favorite of the fast food french fry options.They had trivia starting at 1130p, which was actually the reason we came here. It was not terribly challenging, as we had heard, except that people kept getting progressively more intoxicated throughout the night, making some teams start floundering. A few questions..."Q--In the Harry Potter book series, who was Harry's nemesis at Hogwarts? A--Draco Malfoy. "Q--In what decade did the United Nations form? A--1940s." Bonus question at the end, "Q--What fast food chain has the most stores in the United States? A--Subway." We said McDonald's. Sadly, we did not win.By the end of the night, it was pretty smoky and there were definitely a few shady characters here and there, but people were generally having a good time and weren't too rowdy. We stayed until closing in the early 2 o'clock hour and didn't have any problem getting our waiter to split up the checks. Also, this is a West Virginia University alumni bar for any Mountaineer fans out there. To sum up, cheap beer, decent food, fun trivia, interesting people. Good times, as long as your bring your own crowd.
<review# 1866,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2009,6/1/2009,705,321,28,22,25>How I ended up in the Highlander by Scott K....One day I left Seattle to live with my brother in Atlanta for a year. The plane landed, we hugged, we drove straight to the Highlander, and I felt like I was back in Seattle again! The End.OK, so I might have a little more to say about this great bar! First and foremost... um... yeah... 420, yum.Second, the BLT was a total trip! Flavored mayo? Smoked extra meaty bacon from magical Southern pigs? Who knows why it was so good? I suspect it had something to do with the fact that it seemed to be fried in butter! Dangerously delicious whatever they did to it! Though I do fear that crackling sound I heard while eating it, may have been my arteries? I love the art, the staff, and the food, and that said... I could live without  the smoking (Seattle has a ban), but as my brother put it... "The South is where cigarettes were born, and it'll be the last place they'll die." So I guess I'm just going to have to get over it.I'm withholding my last star until I visit at least 20 or 30 more times! I like to be thorough with my reviews, what can I say?
<review# 1867,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2009,5/31/2009,89,621,2,8,7>Wow, for as long as the place has been around, I would have expected more reviews.I went last night for a special wine tasting event. They have them about once a month(always on a Sunday) and we had a great time!. For $30 we had 15 wines and some appetizers. We had so much fun that we decided to stay and have dinner, afterward. The food was very good and so reasonably priced! We had the potato soup, which was excellent and they even split in into two bowls for us. We also shared the Buffalo meatloaf. It was so tender and had so much flavor! I think this is a cozy little restaurant. The servers were all so friendly and helpful. The chef even came and sat at our table for a bit. I can't wait to come back!!
<review# 1868,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2009,5/30/2009,44,76,7,4,5>I'm convinced that the reason that they give you a ROTD is to bribe you into writing more reviews if you've, say, taken the last two months off from yelp.  Well, dammit, you got me.  Here I am, writing a new review.  I'm a sucker for free publicity, what can I say?  It's in my blood.Aaaaaanyway...went to Bone Garden last night.  Not only was it in an area of Atlanta that I never knew existed (seriously, ATL is like the Secret Garden of cities), it had the most skeletons-per-capita of any restaurant in the city.  Maybe even the country.  Possibly even the WORLD.  (Oh, jesus, my brain just made a REALLY inappropriate comment to itself, that I will definitely NOT repeat in this public setting)It was great because of the following:1. The Skeletons.  Plus, earlier that evening I had actually said "wouldn't it be weird if everyone on earth were just skeletons without all the flesh and characteristics that come with?"  (these are things I think.)2. The Skeletons that were riding motorcycles.  I mean, aaaawesome.3. The food was good.  Fish tacos = yum.4. The ceviche was also quite yummy.  That's a professional food-critic term, I'll have you know.All in all, it was a well-priced, pleasant, skeletal experience.  I'll surely be back.
<review# 1869,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2009,5/29/2009,94,50,10,14,10>Now this is totally the food I grew up with and the things I get when I go to Hong Kong.  Even my very Asian mom would approve of this place if not for the prices.  The prices are a bit higher than other Chinese places in Atlanta, but totally worth.Of course, when you see beef chowfun on the menu, you have to get it.  Usually I ask for less oil as it can be greasy, but this place does it right without my request.  Not only that, the flavoring is just right and the beef (which I'll admit that most of the time I avoid because most other restaurants cook it too tough to eat, but I digress) is very tender and just about melts in your mouth.  The Singapore Noodle is very lovely as well.Other things worth getting are congee that's served in a claypot - very creamy and much like my mom's; preserved fish and chicken fried rice which I love the balance of salt from the fish and all the other ingredients - something my mom tried to give me when I was a wee baby and refused to eat.  I didn't like it at all back then . . . .  trust me there's video evidence of my dislike of it.  It's heavenly though so don't trust baby Pam.The must have though is the casserole rice.  This is the only place in Atlanta that I've even seen this classic dish.  Actually cooked in the claypot, you have crunchy, caramelized bits of rice from the bottom mixed with the soft lovely rice in the middle, and the rich, yummy flavors from the meats and vegetables from the top.  Mmmmm Mmmmm Mmmmm!!!  I've had the abalone and chicken one as well as the eel one.  You can't go wrong as this is true, blue authentic Cantonese food.Pretty much anything is good here, I've had a lot of other stuff but I won't bore you with my thoughts.  I'll just leave you with this little bit of trivia:  the literal translation of the restaurant name is "Fat Boy Store".  Well, if I continue to eat so much here, I'll definitely be a fat girl!
<review# 1870,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/29/2009,5/28/2009,787,655,6,10,9>I've been living in Georgia going on about 3 years now, and still every now and then I manage to get myself lost while driving, and that is exactly what happened the night I went to go meet up for Karaoke at Midtown Tavern. At a red light while reading directions I was distracted , and when it turned green I stepped on the gas and almost hit a blind pedestrian!!! Not good! Even more reason to use my GPS I suppose! Thank goodness for Adam, who finally gave me the correct directions!  When I finally did arrive parking was another issue. The parking at the post office was full and my only other options were to park beside the building down the street a bit, or in the Publix shopping center. So get there early to manage a decent parking space.Karaoke was fun, and everyone got into the spirit of it, although some a little more than others! Wait staff was friendly and quick on the refills. One thing I can ask for is some more comfy chairs. I mean I have more than ample padding back there but somehow one of the wooden dowels must have managed to poke me in my backside all night! After the liquor wore off the next morning I was surely in pain!
<review# 1871,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/12/2009,5/27/2009,46,137,3,4,3>My parents came in this past weekend for my birthday, aka Mother's Day. We had reservations at Brio, but after looking at the menu I realized that I wasn't able to eat anything but fruit - gluten free sucks some days. So while hanging out in the Apple store I pulled up Open Table, for the mom, to see what restaurants weren't insanely priced for Mother's Day. She picked Ecco and Einstein's. Einstein's had no reservations. Ecco it is. The first thing I noticed when we walked in was that the bar was absolutely beautiful. It reminded me a lot of the two hotels we used to eat at back home when I was just a little pain in the ass (as I'm now a large pain in the ass). We sat and looked at the menu and I looked at it for five minutes thinking, "If I leave, will my parents notice?" I don't know why but nothing on the menu appealed to me, except the olives, goat balls, and cheese - Roncal is amazing! But you can't subside on cheese and olives alone. For a restaurant that supposedly has a brunch menu - I didn't find their menu particularly brunchy. I really was disappointed. I ended up getting the salad with pears. It had zero flavor. My mom got the vegetable soup, which she loved. My dad got the poached eggs over potatoes, which he loved. So, mission accomplished because that's all that matters. My girl had the spinach and artichoke fritata and liked it, wasn't thrilled, but ate it. I think I had extremely high expectations. My friends have bragged about Ecco for some time now. And as for the "famous Ecco goat balls," well, they were okay, but I like Loca Luna's better. I just wanted more. Damn hype, always screwing me up. I will be back, but only because I want to hang out at the bar or on the patio. Basically I'm drinking my next meal there.
<review# 1872,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2009,5/26/2009,5,5,5,5,4>I'm both relieved and excited to have more places like this popping up around Atlanta. I've always been a fan of the great Brick Store pub, and this one is similar in style and ambiance. If only I could get the names straightened out now.  Bookstore? Brookstone? She's a Brickhouse? The one on ponce? Wait... dammit!Hmm... In an analog world that has, with no doubt, passed beyond the singularity, ever descending towards iPhones, iPods, blu-rays, GPS, and Reality TV, there still stands our last great hero: beer. BookHouse does this well, with good people just hanging out to have a drink and enjoy the art of conversation.I had the burger and it was good. Definitely better than your average bar burger. Good 'n fresh. Fresh 'n tasty. Beer selection like the others have said is good. Typical crowd seems to be post-college age and up. Laid back and mature. Dig.
<review# 1873,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2009,5/25/2009,354,392,6,8,6>My dear Gigi started to act very strange, she was throwing up (which she does when she eats too fast) but this was different- it went from food, to mucus, to.....TMI)  and she would not go potty, and would not eat or drink.  I got scared and called IPAH and asked if she could be seen immediately- I knew something was terribly wrong.They fit me in that day and did blood work/physical exams and found she (ultimately) had acute pancreatitis.  They also did X-Rays and showed me how umm, backed up she was, and I elected to get her uhh, cleaned out.   They did not charge me for the after X-Rays, but they looked 100% better!They were so supportive- they gave me so many options- do I want her to stay all day and night?  Or do I want to take her home at night and nurse her?   Of course I chose to care for her all night, then took her to the vet in the morning to get treatments until they closed, for a few days.  They called me every day to ask how she was, or called me to tell me how she was while there, and seemed to honestly care about her well-being.After about 10 days of 24 hour care between the vet and I, she finally got better, and we went back to check her levels a week later and all was well.  She is back to normal and I have to thank everyone there for taking such good care of her- everyone seemed to love her, and she was kissed and cuddled by all who were around her, which made me feel better!I cannot recommend these people enough, they really care about your babies!  I kind of want to work there as well, the people there are so friendly and caring!  And by the way, I do a HHJJ dance whenever Gigi (or Finna) goes potty, and will from here on out!
<review# 1874,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2009,5/24/2009,216,175,6,5,6>As much as I hate to admit, I like Bruster's because of their salty nuts.  Yes, the ice cream is good, yes, they stay open until around 11pm and yes, you can see crowds of folks getting their ice cream fix at all hours.  It's those nuts that keep drawing me back, though. They're perfect in the turtle sundae. The nuts complement the caramel and ice cream wonderfully- it's all I can get when I go there.  One day, I'll venture into other flavors, but for now I'm gobbling up the nuts.
<review# 1875,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2009,5/22/2009,223,140,4,9,8>Let me start off by saying that this is not a $$$ establishment, but more more of a $$ establishment. I mean that in a good way, you won't come away with that "I just burned a hole in my pocket" feeling.So Leon's I remember as a derelict auto shop that basically sat on this corner far too long. Glad someone took the initiative and put something useful here. Walking up I noticed the large windows as well as the gravel landscaping. One of the gravel yards was being used for bocci ball, very cool way to wait on a table.Tulie L, Lauren S. and I walk in and the place is pretty packed. We manage to get some seating at the bar and we're admiring the decor. One thing to know, or maybe this was an aberration, expect to wait a while on drinks at the bar. There seemed to be one person making them, so this was a bit of a low point. With that said, I had the 3 Hour Tour, let me just say, I stuck with the draught beer after that. We ordered the pub frites, as we were waiting on a few more people to join us for dinner. These were excellent, I recommend the smoked tomato as the sauce of choice.Once we're done here, we get to our table and it's one of the large semi-oval tables in the back of the main room. We get seated and the rest of the group shows up, Mark R., Leah F., Kit F, and 2 more friends of Tulie. I ordered the Crispy Rabbit Tenders (you read that right) to start and it really did taste like chicken. The main course was the pork osso bucco with the butternut squash. When this dish arrived, I thought it looked a little on the small side, but it had really big flavor.We got to sample a few bites from various dishes and not one was disappointing to me. Overall, a very good experience.
<review# 1876,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2009,5/21/2009,100,162,4,12,6>So, here's the thing....Being a vegetarian sometimes I feel as though I get the shaft at fine dining establishments, not so at Houston's. After reading the dear Carrie Neal's review I was somewhat hesitant, especially since it seemed as though Houston's had been so good to her for so long, and then without warning did her dirty, and I get semi nervous when I hear about regulars being treated like dirt. Still, I ventured out to Houston's in search of this mysterious veggie burger I had heard so much about, I valeted, headed inside and was greeted by a friendly hostess, I was seated and perused the menu. While the menu isn't huge, the offerings seemed thoughtful, I came for the veggie burger and when prompted was prepared with my order. The waitress was super helpful, and wasn't phased by my special requests. 15 minutes later a simple clean plate arrived to my table, veggie burger center of attention, warm toasty soft brioche, the right balance of lettuce, tomato, and onion, the burger itself was perfection! Juicy and succulent, tons of flavor, the texture was spot on. It was accompanied by a stack of thin salty crispy fries. I have never been so satisfied by a veggie burger in my life, its dinning experiences like these that don't make me feel like an outcast as a vegetarian. Houston's is a little on the pricey side, but I'm willing to let it slide for such a fantastic dining experience.
<review# 1877,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2009,5/20/2009,35,52,3,5,6>Its not Tex-Mex, its New Mexican!  So, what does that mean?  Well, no BBQ sauce and plenty of green chiles!  Moving from New Mexico, it took some time for me to get used to this place, because it is not entirely New Mexican, it is more Modern-Metro-Southern-inspired New Mexican.  There are grits and seared Ahi on the menu.  Well, I've come around and now this is my favorite nearby haunt for those times when I want to drop a bit of cash.  I very much enjoy the large and rico Santa Fe enchiladas, and my wife the fresh and firm seared Ahi Tuna.  The New Mexico rack or lamb is nothing to sneeze at either.  Drinks... well, this is one of the few places that I would actually recommend both the food and the Rita's.  There are over 100 tequilas so there are plenty of ways to make em.  I prefer the Herradura Top-Shelf, and my wife the Agave Don Eduardo Añejo.  Tasty, but at near $10 a pop, I would pace myself.This place is a must for anyone who wants a unique and flavorful Atlanta culinary experience. Be sure to make reservations on almost any night.  Also, keep an eye out for BOGO coupons in the Savvy Shopper, it will make your experience much cheaper, but no less tasty.(edit: I should add that the folks: Host, server, and managers go out of their way to make sure you are happy)My one request is that they start asking the official question of New Mexico: "Red or Green?"
<review# 1878,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2008,5/19/2009,527,87,15,16,11>So, I acquiesced and went to Flip for lunch today. I must say, despite the HORRIFIC traffic on Howell Mill (which I avoid more than a screaming baby, a drunk girl or an episode of Pushing Daisies), it was well worth it.First, the place is light, bright and inviting. We sat at the main bar on comfy stools (although, would a back be too much to ask?!?!) with fun framed hi-def TVs to watch.  It's mod, colorful and hip - just as you'd expect. I love the three big cushy booths and hope to gather with a group of close friend in one soon.The female bartender/server was fairly attentive, but the male seemed like he couldn't have cared less we were there. He was far too busy counting his money, sucking in his cheeks and thinking "Don't I have the most beautiful blue eyes you've ever seen?" Well, he did, but that's beside the point.We were the first ones there at 11:30 and ordered almost immediately. It took close to 17 minutes for our burgers to come out which, I'll grant you, isn't a long time, but still - it's lunch and we were the first orders in. I'll over look that.I decided to start with the benchmark - a regular Flip burger. I asked for it rare, but they said all the burgers come out the same temperature - medium. I was thrilled to discover their idea of medium is RARE,  but if you're not in to that, you better speak up. It was juicy, seasoned perfectly and the bun actually added to the overall taste. It came with what all burgers should: tomato, lettuce, pickles, onion and a little squirt of ketchup - perfect.  I look forward to trying the more adventurous versions now. I also ordered a side of vodka-battered onion rings (???) which were wonderfully flavorful if not a tad bit dense. They're not light and fluffy, but they sure do deliver on taste. It doesn't hurt they were served with what was possibly THE most delicious honey-mustard sauce I've ever had. And I'm glad there were only 5 of them in the order - trust me, it's more than enough.It was also very affordable - my burger was $6.50 and the rings were $4. I got out of there for under $15 bucks with tip - something I'm sure Atlantas will appreciate now-a-days. On a side note, remember when they said Atlanta was recession-proof?  Ah, good times, good times.Overall, I'm Flippin' out! A Flippin' success. Catch you on the Flip side. I'll stop with that now - sorry.
<review# 1879,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/28/2009,5/18/2009,789,691,3,8,6>The food here is still absolutely great - the concept, the fresh ingredients, the menu changing daily - it's just I have to protest the increased pricing since my last visit in January. I came here last week, and the salads went up from $8.95 to $12.95 & 14.95. Sandwiches went up from $7.95 to $12.95. I felt bad b/c I raved about the place to my friends and said we'd be eating delicious locally grown & organic food for under $10. My friends did enjoy their food a lot - but paid over $20 for a soup & salad.If money isn't an issue, then by all means, this place is still a gem. I decided to get the cheaper $12.95 salad which had Georgia Oak leaf & butter lettuce w/ scallions, toasted almonds, avocado & mango, and chive joghurt dressing. Yummy but one hour later, my stomach was already growling. I sampled my friend's soup & sandwich - soup was delicious, the sandwich just average. The $5.95 soup was a Georgia leek & chard w/ zucchini & topped with pea shoots, with hints of lemongrass & cayenne. The $12.95 sandwich was an Adriatic tuna w/ capers, kalamatas & tomato w/ side of confetti slaw. A great healthy but overpriced option for lunch if you're in the Edgewood area.
<review# 1880,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/6/2009,5/17/2009,244,602,12,10,11>Whadalya have?!The answer is, always, a chilidog, onion rings, a fried peach pie, and a frosted orange. It ain't that hard, folks. Their menu isn't that big. Nevertheless, it's common to greet "Whadalya have?!" with "Uh....uh.....huh?""Whadalya have?!""Uh, I'm thinking......well, maybe.....""Whadalya have?!""Please.....for the love of God, I don't know! The thinking part in my head is hurting!""Whadalya have?!""Please don't yell at me." (Sob!)The venerable Varsity, target of much love and much derision. Honestly, I don't know how much of both it deserves. It does earn some respect just for being a constant in ever-changing Atlanta. It's grown some, added a little bit of technology here and there, but for the most part, it's remained refreshingly old-school. Some might call it "predictable," but I think most of those people expect too much for too little. It's a drive-in, people. They serve chili dogs.But then how ARE the chili dogs?  Aye, and that's the rub. They're not very good, even by chili dog standards. OK, they're not Checker's quality (which, to me, is the culinary equivalent of getting a thousand paper cuts on the head of your penis), but I've had much better chili dogs in my day. They're still better than the hamburgers, so I still stick with them.  Comparatively their onion rings, greasy though they may be, score much higher in my book. And the frosted orange (the original Orange Julius before Julius found it) truly deserves its place in Atlanta lore as does any fried pie. Really, though, to most the food is secondary to the experience--the experience of being an original old-school Atlanta institution filled with hustle, bustle and aged engineers re-experiencing their days of youth. Seen through the prism of nostalgia, The Varsity comports itself well. Taken as a restaurant in and of itself, not so much.  To me, that's the crux of the polarized opinions surrounding the Varsity. I understand both views and that's why I sit solidly at 2.5 stars. For the sake of Yelp and sentimentality (even though I never attended GA Tech), I'll round up to 3 stars.
<review# 1881,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2009,5/16/2009,214,189,12,12,11>Picked up some doughnuts before work this morning, and Kamal had a couple of star-shaped, orange-glazed, sweetness-filled doughnuts that he called Orange Dreams.  He mentioned that he had created them for a Yelp party that never came to fruition, with the stars being part of the Yelp theme.I find it fitting to add another one to my review of Sublime, because after consuming these treats, created especially for us, I now know what Mario feels like--super and invincible (but only for a limited time). The princess may be in another castle, but that just means I'll need to get more magic orange-flavored stars...
<review# 1882,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/29/2008,5/15/2009,51,21,9,10,10>A friend of mine recently hipped me to the Monday all-you-can-eat tapas specials at two of Here to Serve group's restaurants - Shout and Noche. In general, I'm kind of wary of all-you-can-eat specials, since it's usually a euphemism for, 'hey come eat a sh*tload of crappy food for a trifle'. Add to that the fact that I'd just finished reading Anthony Bourdain's Kitchen Confidential, in which he gives the following warning about 'Monday specials':"Never order fish on Mondays, especially if it is a "Special". By Monday, the fish is already 4 days old. The chef places his fish order on Thursday... he assumes that if he has any left on Sunday he can get rid of it on Sunday and as a "Special" on Monday. So, most likely that tuna you plan to order on Monday night has been hanging out in the restaurant's reach-in cooler, with the doors opening every few minutes during the dinner rushes, for at least 4 days."But the lure of a belly full of food for $10 on a night I am usually just too drained to cook, was enough to convince me that I should at least give it a try.The all-you-can-eat option at Noche doesn't include everything on the restaurant's menu, you have to choose from a much smaller selection of items that changes every week. On the Monday I visited, the week's selection consisted of a lot of starchy items - obviously to get you feeling full faster - and some others that both sounded and tasted pretty average. The server brought one of each item to the table for our first 'round', after which we just told her which items we wanted more of. Here's the highs and lows of the night's offerings.* Mixed greens with ranch dressing - nothing else to this really. Greens on plate with ranch. I don't like ranch, so mine was just...greens on plate. Yawn.* Gazpacho - half-serving of the classic cold, spicy tomato soup. Good, but not great.* Montaditos - sort of like bruschetta, there were three types to choose from: BBQ pork, prosciutto and manchego, and grilled zucchini, each served on a bite-sized piece of French bread with a drizzle of balsamic. The BBQ pork was by far the best of the three. The prosciutto and cheese seemed like they'd been sitting out too long - both were dry and almost crunchy, not tender and chewy. The zucchini honestly had no taste at all.* Garbanzo salad - simple with bright, yet unassuming flavors, but effective as a palate cleanser* Veggie risotto - I was looking forward to this, but it tasted more like overcooked rice - sticky / gluey, not creamy / smooth like I'd expected.* Grilled chicken with corn masa - the chicken was very tender and the sweet taste and slightly grainy texture of the masa was a nice complement* Blackened tuna with chipotle mashed potatoes - when I saw this one on the menu, I could hear Tony Bourdain's wise-ass voice in my head, "Feel like tempting fate, do ya?" At this point, I felt like I didn't have much to lose, so I figured, why not? Surprisingly, this was the highlight of the meal. The potatoes were whisper-light and enhanced by the subtle, smoky heat of chipotle. The tuna - of which I'm not a big fan, even under non-questionable circumstances - was perfectly seared with a delightful blackened crust.Throughout the evening, the service was quick and efficient, though not overly attentive. In short, Noche's all-you-can-eat Mondays probably won't become a staple of mine, but it's a good one to keep in the mental Rolodex for another try.Magic 8-ball says: Reply Hazy. Try Again Later.
<review# 1883,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2009,5/14/2009,215,493,14,12,13>Evil store. Evil, willpower-sucking, addiction-enabling, wallet-opening wine superstore.When I entered this store, I boldly announced to the first soon-to-be-helpful associate that the last thing I needed was more wine for my home as I had just picked up some recent orders and was full to the gills.  Sure, no problem.  But, then she asked what I normally like.  I told her a few things and she quite innocently recommended some good values since we all, obviously, can never really get enough of good quality for the price wines.  She also pointed out that I was clearly not all that steadfast in my non-purchase convictions as I had snagged a shopping basket on my way in.  Touché.  So, I added a few bottles to the basket and went on my merry way to check out a wine one aisle over which she'd mentioned.In the next aisle, I was approached by soon-to-be-helpful associate #2, who admired my selections and offered up another because it was so good and was only $10.99.  I thanked him for his help and moved on to another aisle.  In this aisle, I encountered soon-to-be-helpful associate #3 who really crossed the line with me: he suggested that I just go ahead and get a cart because I already had five bottles in my basket and was going to strain my arm.  He kindly took my basket away and returned with a buggy with all my wines it.  He then showed me two other bottles that he personally recommended so I was up to seven.At this point, it was clear to me that I needed to leave soon.  I did a brief lap around the store (no stopping!) just to see what all was there (a lot) and then proceeded to check out.  The checkout lines were short and the cashier was efficient.  He also commented favorably on my selection (I felt all warm and fuzzy inside).I like this store because they have good prices, an interesting selection and helpful staff.  The staff was particularly helpful because I got recommendations from three people on some very different wines (Tuscan, Loire, American Pinot Noir, French Syrah) and all three really seemed to know what they were talking about and were passionate about their recommendations.  It was fun.I will return for sure, but maybe not too soon since it is so very evil.
<review# 1884,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2008,5/13/2009,43,33,7,11,13>I'd been thinking about taking aerial lessons for three or four years, maybe longer - since before I got into burlesque. So, yeah, the circus classes aren't necessarily related to my tassel and glitter endeavors. (Maybe it was sparked by Yvette calling me Cirque de Sadie and suggesting it should be my stage name.) Whatever. Every few months, we'd be at an event and there'd be girls up on a trapeze or in the, um, circle-thing. "Freakin' amazing!" I would say to myself. "I can totally do that." I looked into it, and bookmarked the Circus Arts Institute web site. Then another year passed, until a few of us were talking about pole dance classes. I'd like to give that a try, too, but first I had to put up and give the trapeze a go.I enrolled in May for a 12-week session. Carrie Heller, who runs - and lives in - the Institute, is really fascinating. She encourages everyone to do cardio outside of class; she talks about diet and nutrition; she has a degree in physiology, I think, as well. In the first class, I climbed the Spanish Web (the rope), got up on the trapeze, and attempted walking the tight wire and juggling. Not so good with the juggling. Next class, I tried rings and loved it... got totally hooked. For my birthday this year, Bryant got our friends to contribute to a gift certificate for a second session. Some of them came to the last night of the first session, which was a sort of show-off day. I did a rings routine; nothing too hard, but it certainly demonstrated what I had learned over the first couple of months. Now, my second session is halfway complete. I'm going to have to re-allocate some funding to continue with it. Circus/aerial training is the crack - highly recommended crack.
<review# 1885,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2008,5/10/2009,458,1067,7,7,6>Am I the only one that thought the name of this place was "Gorilla Car Wash?"  I mean, they have a life sized gorilla out front that's usually decorated (I especially love when they paint him rainbow colors to celebrate Atlanta Pride) and sometimes moving, but I digress.Because I like to be able to take a shower and drink water from my kitchen faucet, I generally don't get my car washed.  Actually, that's not entirely true although for the past year I have been trying to follow the Mayor's example by driving a dirty car to show my support of water conservation... kinda... :)Last week's Savvy Shopper had a few coupons for this place and since I had recently cleaned my car out it seemed like a nice time for its annual bath.Great people, quick service, and a bargain for only $11.95 (with your coupon).  See you next year (or maybe sooner)!
<review# 1886,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/14/2008,5/9/2009,12,43,5,3,2>I don't write too many reviews, and I surely don't use this sorry excuse of a phone called the iPhone to do the few that I do. However I felt compelled to write a review on this place while I am away from a real computer simply because of a menu item so many are raving about.But let us not forget, this good-for-nothing error- creator of a phone is producing this review. So please excuse the poor grammar and lack of spell-check which I so dearly take full advantage of when available.After reading the reviews I can only think one thing. "There are more Canadians in Atlanta going to this pub than there are Canadians in Canada."I thought I was going to be very lonely being a Torontonian or t-townie living in Atlanta, or hotlanta, or the widely more popular maybe thanks to the movie of the same name ATL.I went here with my Jill and she found the only pasta item on the menu, while I of course ordered the POUTiNE. Now I wasn't too hungry, so this is all I needed. Begin the complaints and comparisons now.Poutine= French fries that may contain some skin, gravy, and cheese curds, lightly melted unless ordered otherwise.What I got= French fries, gravy, spray cheese. (lol that made me chuckle just typing that)Now it may not have been spray cheese, but I didn't see curds. It wasn't bad though, its hard to completely butcher cheese fries. However a Poutine is a simple meal that can elicit two ending feelings, satisfied or full. It was weird because I didn't feel either of those, I just felt tired of eating. (lol I'm chuckling all over this review).Being Canadian it's quite possible that I wouldn't like any poutine made outside of Canada, so please just take the above with two grains of salt.Jill's pasta was really good. I didn't care that I ate half of it. It was delicious, and so i had no choice but to force her to share.The place looked great, but the area was as shady as could be. I don't fancy being in places where illegal actions and dealings are taking place not five feet away. Oh Edgewood, you're up-and-coming, but haven't arrived yet. I probably would go back if it were in a better area, but for now, there is no point to go there for dinner....unless you are a brave soul.This was the first time I had a poutine in 9 years, and I was not satisfied, but they tried. Good for them.Oh yeah, my friend had the pork, he liked it. It looked nice from my end.
<review# 1887,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2009,5/8/2009,489,857,8,8,7>Maru sushi is the sushi place that got me to love fusion rolls. You know, those non-traditional rolls that have cool names like "Black Widow Spider Roll," "Mt. Vesuvius roll," or "supercalifragalisticexpealidocious roll." I used to hate those when I tried them in other restaurants like Aiko. They always tasted weird and non-traditional.But those are the only type of sushi I would get here. I don' t know if I got used to the weird, non-traditional taste; or they make it really well here. Who knows. It's good. Their entrees are well done as well. And their lunch buffet is awesome for it's cost.The best part, during dinner time, you can catch sumo wrestling on their TV! I love sumo! My favorite wrestler is Asashouryuu. Anyway....Yeah, great place for lunch and dinner.
<review# 1888,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/10/2009,5/7/2009,179,339,6,6,6>Been here a couple of times with a large group and each time sat on the patio as the inside is not set up to accommodate large parties that want to sit together.  As the nights are still cool, it was a little too chilly for my comfort so tried to stay near the heaters.  For such a big patio, they need to spring for a couple of more heaters - just say'in.Haven't eaten here so can't comment on the food.  What I can comment on is the good service and the renovation of the inside - lots of shiny wood with a fresh and clean look.  Wow, talk about a makeover from its dingy predecessor.  However, they missed the boat by not expanding the loos.  When you have a packed house and everyone is getting their drink on, having only one loo per gender causes a lot of crossed legs.  Not good!
<review# 1889,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2008,5/6/2009,196,217,7,10,7>Stumbled across Stevi B's today when I was dropping off some donations at the Goodwill next door- what a good find (even for an avowed buffet-despiser like me) when one is craving a carb-fest! I really only wanted to buy a slice to go, but that is not the concept here. Your choices are a full on pizza/ salad buffet for $5.50 (a steal!) or take 6 (yes, SIX!) slices to go for $6.95, so I decided to save money, waste less in the process and dine in.The place is large and clean with the register right up front and as soon as you pay, you can hit the pizza line on the way to your table. From delicious fresh garlic scented chewy breadsticks to a huge frequently replenished assortment of vegetable and meat pizzas (including an interesting bacon and potato version), everything was quite good. I particularly liked that the individual slices were small so that you could try several different types. A server even came out in to the dining room with full, new pizzas and offered each table the opportunity to have another fresh slice without a return trip to the line. My favorite part though was the dessert offerings with folded pieces of dough dredged in confectioner's sugar - quite reminescent of beignets. Pure warm, doughy goodness!
<review# 1890,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2009,5/5/2009,440,453,5,10,9>I didnt know I really liked dogs until recently (like the past year).  I have been entertaining the option of getting one over the past year or so, but I just havent found the perfect dog.With that being said, the best place to get your "dog fix" is for sure Atlanta Humane Society.  This place typically has over 30 puppies waiting to be adopted.I also like this place because all of the volunteers and staff are extremely knowledgeable and helpful which is a great value specifically when you dont know anything about animals/dogs.Quiet as kept, sometimes i come here just to browse/hang out with the dogs....
<review# 1891,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2009,5/4/2009,71,72,7,8,9>The Local is my kind of place. I just wish it was nonsmoking. What I like: 1. Good beer selection at decent prices. 2. Good food for what it serves. While the food will not "wow" you, it will taste fine and is consistent. I have never had anything here that I thought was bad. 3. Friendly staff 4. Trivia night - woo hoo we won last night! 5. Easy going clientele. A no "attitude" place. Nice. What I don't like: 1. The Smoke. There also is the regular who was serenading me and making crude sexual comments towards me.  But he will remain nameless {cough* Ivan S * cough} to protect his wonderful bride.
<review# 1892,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/22/2009,5/2/2009,817,996,4,9,5>Recently, I've been introduced to the weekend world of Going Out To Rio Grande. Ole!You see, the Boy and a bunch of his friends somehow started going to Rio awhile back. Made friends with some of the bartenders and it ended up becoming a regular haunt. And, I've learned, that's the key to having a good experience south of this particular border.Service, as others have noted, can definitely be spotty - if you don't know people, or if you hit Rio at the wrong time (ie, when they aren't busy- you can sit completely ignored for far too many minutes at the bar or on the outdoor patio waiting for someone to come by with a menu, chips, to ask you about a drink- anything!). You might also have to wait too long if you don't get to know the bartenders working the inside bar on busy Friday and Saturday nights because the place can most definitely get slammed.However, if you do make a point to introduce yourself, keep a pretty chill attitude and pick the right spot to order your drinks (corners of the bar are particularly good here, especially on the "back" side away from where the music is) then you can get good attention and service. And the people that work there are cool, so you might find yourself surprised at wanting to go back fairly often. There's definitely a regular "beautiful crowd" that can inspire you, if that's your bag, or if you, too, find a group of friends who like to hang out there.The food is good- you may have to get something remade a time or two (for instance, I like my quesadilla with only grilled chicken and cheese, and often it comes out with additional ingredients I asked not to have still included) but they are happy to redo. And when the weather's nice, the outdoor "tiki" bar is manned by Miley for what she likes to call Sunday Fun Day, and it's a great place to unwind with friends for a few margaritas before the new week starts.Notes: For $10 you can leave your car parked and get your keys from the valet, and go back for it even days later with no problem. Recently there have been Friday and Saturday road blocks in this corridor of Roswell Rd so be careful if you do drive after your time in Rio.
<review# 1893,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2009,5/1/2009,192,123,13,13,14>One Friday at about 11:00 a.m. I'm sitting at my desk typing away and it hits me, "Tin Lizzy's Margaritas" I grab my phone and send out a few text messages and the rest of the day goes by in a blur with the thought of cool margaritas, fries and laughs with mi amigas on my brain.This place is usually packed so we get there early to make sure we get our favorite spot. I'm a little disappointed that they don't serve fries here, and more so disappointed that when you order tater tots you get like 4 (it's a tease I tell ya).Now for the margaritas. There aren't enough words to express how much I love these.  They are freaking amazing and they bring out my frisky side ;-).I like this place because although it's always crowded there's never any drama, everyone seems to get along (I think we always get the random person at our table chatting it up with us), the band is awesome and seems to cater to us (since we're usually the only ones singing along), I have yet to have a server that isn't attentive to our needs. So if you're ever at Tin Lizzy's on a Friday look for the lady that's WAY too happy, singing, laughing, and picking off of other peoples plates and say Hi!!
<review# 1894,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2009,4/30/2009,69,132,5,9,9>This is really a very, very cool place.  If it weren't waaay up by the perimeter, I'd go all the time.  The beer is great and so is the food.  The beers are house brewed and rotating, which makes for uniqueness and variety, both of which I adore.  It's hard to remember exactly which beers I've tried, as I've never had the same one twice, but I do remember that I've never had a Five Season's beer I didn't love.  When in doubt, just ask the bartender to let you sample the beer in question.  I've found that they're more than happy to let you taste.     As for the food, I've been more than happy with everything I've ordered.  The lobster cake is my favorite thing on the menu.  It's definitely a little expensive at 11 dollars, but apparently it's not overpriced because I keep ordering it!  Really, it's that good.  It's about the size of a burger and it's served with fresh corn salsa and guacamole, which are pretty much two of my favorite things in the world.  I'm also a fan of the pizzas, especially the Serrano ham and apple.       My only gripe is a small one..  One of my visits was with some friends for my birthday and we ended up going close to closing.  Our server was barely present throughout the meal, so we basically had to fight to get a beer.  Also, they stacked the chairs on *every* table around us as we ate, which was annoying at best.  And we arrived probably half an hour before the posted closing time!  i guess this is just one of my restaurant pet peeves...  If the posted closing time is 10, you should be prepared to take care of customers who show up all the way up until 10.  If you don't want to do this, close earlier!       Anyway, otther than that instance, service has been good and I've been eager to return.  Speaking of which, I really really hope the proposed Howell Mill location is still on track!  That one I really *would* go to all the time!
<review# 1895,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2008,4/29/2009,34,52,10,6,9>clermont lounge is one of the most...unique....places i've ever been. i don't know if there's really any other way to describe it. i mean, where else can you find an array of 40+ strippers getting completely nude and crushing, um, various things with, um, various body parts. i love the set up, with the bar centered around the stage and pole, so that getting drunk while you're enjoying the strip show (which may be a necessity for some...) is easy, without the need to go back and forth or deal with the often neglectful cocktail waitresses. i also appreciate that, as if the bar and the plethora of strippers weren't enough, clermont gives you the option to entertain yourself on tuesdays with karaoke. surprisingly, their regulars consist of more than just the drunken off-key crooners, but there are some drunk people there that can actually sing!overall, the atmosphere of this place is great, and i would definitely recommend the experience to anyone of legal age, regardless of whether or not they'll actually enjoy it. it's just an experience that shouldn't be missed...
<review# 1896,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2009,4/28/2009,35,105,6,6,7>Ok, so the day we went to Fuego for lunch was very interesting. We walked down there from work at ELNK, it was a pleasant walk if a little far (i'm lazy, so what).The resturant was very nice, i like the decorations and everyone was very nice. We were led to a table outside on the patio so we could enjoy the fresh air. They had these little curried olives that were fun to snack on (i wasn't aware they had pits, oh well, crunchy).On the day we were there we were joined by a few dozen very aggressive pigeons. They also liked the olives but by the time the food arrived they had become bothersome. Oh, and it appears there was a gentleman that lived in an apartment overlooking the patio. He liked to come outside and "pleasure" himself it seems. Thankfully he must have been out but the waitress said he was somewhat of a regular.Now to the food. It was good. I had the skirt steak and veggies, it was good. My friend had.... something i can't remember, it was good though. Overall this place has a nice atmosphere and good food. I remember the prices being decent, not terrible for lunch. I really want to go back but just can't seem to get down there.
<review# 1897,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2008,4/27/2009,36,55,6,6,6>dessert is obviously not to miss. i had the berry crepe and it was amazing. my companion had bananas forester which was oozing and sinful. the manager also gets major kudos for somehow deftly handling this awful couple that complained about not being seated at a 5-top table (yes, there were TWO of them and yes, this was during dinner). . this place would be nearly perfect were the crepes to be served a bit crisper and piping hot. i will be back.
<review# 1898,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2008,4/26/2009,35,125,39,9,4>In my ideal alternate universe, this nice little boutique would be "R.Kelly's Closet" and the friendly and helpful staff would deliver all speech in that sing-songy lilting R&B style.  I can see it now...(tingly piano, "boop-whip!" riff)Believe it or not, I was getting engaged (oooooh!)To a beautiful girl but we was broke as shit (oooh!)We went down to Candler Park for a bite to eat -Found something unexpected walking down the street (oooh!)A tiny bridal boutique with dresses colored whiteThe expression on my woman's face turned to delight (oooh!)We made an appointment and went insideOooh, but little did I know my finances were about to go on a ride!She tried on one dress, then she tried on two moreWhen I looked at the price tag, my jaw about hit on the floor! (oooh!)We thought we could afford it so I reached in to my pooooocket...But then the moths started flying out when I opened up my wallllet!I turned towards the door!I took her by the hand!I walked to the door!She tried to demand!We left Kelly's Closet!Yes we left Kelly's Closet!We really liked Kelly's Closet!But we couldn't afford Kelly's Closet! (closet... closet... closet...)Seriously, though.  This is a great little bridal boutique thing, but it's definitely a cut above - everything there was at least $1500 or so, which was a bit outside our range.  SO I PULLED OUT MY GUNNNNNN!(no, not really.)
<review# 1899,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/11/2009,4/24/2009,220,93,14,12,13>For standard Americanized Chinese fare, Eastern Pearl is just as good an option as any.  We stepped in for the first time, and honestly it was a little unsettling.  There's a mini wall with an aquarium that's pretty obtrusive--you have to step around it to make yourself visible, and then scan the room to orient yourself.  The space is relatively large, and tastefully but sparsely decorated with R&B slow jams playing in the background--they started things off with some Brian McKight and then D'Angelo.There were two people finishing up when we arrived but when they left, we were the only party in the entire space.  We started with a fried dumplings litmus test, these were exceptionally good.  I think "Fortunate" by Maxwell was playing at this point followed by a little TLC.We went with the House Chicken and the Hot Braised Shredded Beef.  The House Chicken while tasty, was nothing special, sort of like sesame chicken with a lighter sauce, no seeds and a couple of chili peppers.  The beef was a little gamy, but very well seasoned and had a nice bit of szechuan warmth.Service was efficient and friendly for most of the meal, but later when a large party arrived the service faltered noticeably...must have been the Sade.
<review# 1900,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2009,4/23/2009,183,150,9,12,11>Went here to celebrate a fellow yelper's birthday and dragged along a good friend that has NEVER tried sushi before, he had a great time and really enjoyed the sushi. I love it when people act like they hate sushi so much ALTHOUGH they have never tried it. Like I mentioned before, the sushi was great BUT the service was another story. Getting chopsticks to eat with and trying to get the bill paid was a bit of a challenge. There were 7 people in our group\ and  the girl so flustered that you would have thought that our group was the largest that Wasabi has ever seen.  Also the trendy bars stools that I had to sit in was a lawsuit waiting to happen.All om All I will return to Wasabi, its close to my hood and the sushi was GREAT!.
<review# 1901,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2009,4/22/2009,54,13,6,6,6>OHHH YES! The many nights I've spent at Mary's I can tell you these guys KNOW how to party. The bartenders can pour a drink (finally!) and even though me and my friend are always one of the few girls there the boys treat us as if we were their own (take that Blake's on the PARK!). I love the patio its perfect after you've been dancing for an hour straight! I don't know when or how often they offer the Jello shots but please! keep em comin'!.  sometimes they'll have them sometimes they don't. The DJ booth is awesome and so are the DJ's. I also love the videos they usually play on their flat screen TVs sometimes gory scary movies or Madonna videos. Mary's is a place were if you just want to dance and have a couple of cocktails and be surrounded by GORGEOUS men
<review# 1902,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2009,4/21/2009,34,169,6,8,5>I went to eat here yesterday based on the strength of the reviews here on Yelp and i was blown away.  Positively the best burger i have ever, ever, ever had.  I had the ghetto burger and it truly is a work of art and giant.....and i actually consumed the entire burger including a big plate of chili cheese fries.  I never thought a burger could be so good.  The only wait time i encountered was waiting for Ann to cook my burger so i didnt experience any long waits to be seated.  Also, i didnt experience any wrath from Ann.  I didnt walk in there pompously and demand service.  I walked in and waited for her to approach and then i ordered and just sat back and watched.  It really is like walking into someones kitchen.  I went with a friend and she had a regular cheeseburger...not the ghetto burger.  Her hamburger was huge too.  Ann doesnt serve wimpy burgers.  She serves them the way they are supposed to be served.....huge, flavorful and awesome.
<review# 1903,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2009,4/20/2009,14,17,3,6,4>Today, after dropping $750 in car repairs, I decided my wife and I needed to celebrate (I consider it a small victory anytime I get out of the mechanic's shop for less than $1000).  The top tier Chinese places in Atlanta have long been on my radar - unfortunately I missed out on Chef Chang, and have only dreamed of sampling Frank Ma's cooking.  Nevertheless, we were excited to try Tasty China.  We went for a slightly late lunch, 1:30 on a Saturday.  There were probably three or four other parties there, so the restaurant was mostly empty.  We were greeted and seated by a pleasant young lady who took our drink orders.  After perusing the menu, the notorious owner took our orders. As expected (from the various reviews on here), she was incredulous at our orders. "You are sure you want this food?! Have you been here before?" she asked. I reassured her we did want the food even though we hadn't been there before.  She walked away in disbelief.Don't get me wrong. I'm not saying she was mean.  I am relating what happened; you may draw your own conclusions.  We ordered Pan-Fried Dumplings (which took twenty minutes; we were warned of this, and it was fine by us), Shan City Chicken ("95% peppers, no sauce" we were warned.  The most delicious "popcorn" type chicken I've ever had.), and Sichuan Style Tofu with Shredded Pork (spicy hot oil sauce, VERY good).  Our non-dumpling dishes came very quickly, and we had quite a bit of leftovers.  One word about the "numbing" flavor - we were anticipating "so spicy it numbs your mouth."  This has happened to me before when eating Goat Vindaloo.  That's not what they mean by numbing at Tasty China - perhaps it has to do with the Sichuan peppercorns they use, but some of their dishes impart a numbing feeling without much pain.  It's a very interesting sensation.We got our leftover boxes, paid ($30.00 for the above food and two cokes; we probably have enough food for two more meals each).  Since it's only about 15 minutes away, Tasty China is my new favorite restaurant in the Marietta area.
<review# 1904,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2009,4/19/2009,119,243,2,5,5>If having a favorite liquor store makes me somewhat of an alcoholic, so be it. Tower has a MASSIVE selection, and their prices are significantly lower than most of the liquor stores in the area. I only wish that I lived closer to this place, but then again, that might be a problem... or at least, it might contribute to a potential problem. Oh who are we kidding; just because you drink a lot doesn't make you an alcoholic, and being savvy about where you get your booze just makes you smart.  Either way, if you need to get your drink on, head over to Tower, because it is clean, nice, massive, and cheap.
<review# 1905,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2008,4/17/2009,227,316,1,14,9>As a newly converted vegetarian, Green Sprout is the first restaurant that I tried.  It's a Chinese restaurant owned by vegetarians so the entire menu is vegetarian friendly.  I ordered the "fish fillets" and sesame chicken.  I was blown away by how good the fish tasted.  I mean, it was just like the real thing.  The sesame chicken was good too.Inside is pretty small with not a lot of "atmosphere" but, the food more than makes up for it.  I took a to go menu and will be ordering often.
<review# 1906,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2009,4/16/2009,18,18,12,10,9>Here's how IT happened:My absent-minded husband "remembered" one of his coworkers birthdays was the very next day.AMH (absent-minded husband): "Hey Munchkin! Can you get a yellow cake with chocolate icing for me to take to work tomorrow? Oh yeah, I have to be to work a bit earlier than normal."ME: "WTF?! It's 3:00pm on a Monday (better known as the bakers holiday)..."SO... after searching through my Yelp iPhone App, I called every bakery that I'm already acquainted with; only to find that they're all closed. So I decide to take a chance on WHATEVER bakery was friggin' opened and in my neighborhood. Then the clouds parted and the angels began to sing... Highland Bakery seemed to be a dream come true. They were opened on Monday--even though they were getting ready to close in less than an hour. They were willing to make my requested cake AND have it ready by 7:00AM the next morning. Right before my AHM was planning to go to work. I placed the order over the phone and was relieved. I really didn't care less if the cake was going to taste like anything. I MEAN, I wasn't eating it! Well 7:00AM arrived, I went with my husband to get the cake and not only was it absolutely beautiful, it was pretty damn high? How many layers did they fit under that thick buttercream icing? Because the cake wasn't for me (did I mention that?) I decided to get a mini red velvet cupcake for myself. (Ya'know, a little pat on the back for completing such an arduous task!) HOLY SH......! The icing... all by itself... tasted like an entire piece of cheesecake. I was full! (Did I mention MINI cupcake??) By the time I got to the actual -cake, I needed to catch my breath. REALLY!My husband went off to work, and later reported to me that the cake was mind-blowing! Not only did it have so many layers that they could barely cut through it with a knife; but, when they did "win the good fight" the cake was scrumptious! His exact quote: "uhm... let's do that again tomorrow...? PLEASE! Seriously...!"Well... As this story comes to a close, I hope my adventure has inspired you. GO TO Highland Bakery. Great Service, Easy Location, Beautiful Cakes (not your Kroger-piping-special here people!), and ABSOLUTELY GREAT TASTE! You can't go wrong here. Trust me. (I bet tomorrow's piece of cake on it!)
<review# 1907,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2009,4/15/2009,216,382,3,5,4>As the last Yelper to have not tried this place (until tonight), I will say that, YES, the burgers ARE that good! My wife and I also had two of their specialty drinks, which I thought were both pretty ok. The service was very friendly, though it was a little loud, making it a little hard for us to have a conversation.I asked about the burger as soon as we were seated and our waitress said yes she'd put us in for two, though "technically" she wasnt supposed to since we were just having drinks. I thought that was strange, but we did end up ordering a cheese plate to tide us over the 30 minutes or so until the horn sound and cheering from the bar section came, signaling that it was BURGER TIME!Everything else that can be said about H&F has already been said in the 70000 reviews, but a good "Yelp Best Practice" is to still chime in with your two cents no matter how many others have.... its an opinion site, that's what we're here for!
<review# 1908,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/27/2009,4/14/2009,49,397,2,4,4>I actually popped my tattooing cherry at Black Cat back in 2006. I woke up that morning and decided I was going to get a tattoo. Fortunately for me, Mark happened to be free and did my first tattoo..and then 8 more. When he moved to a different shop, I moved with him. I liked the fact that there were private tattooing areas. I also liked the fact it was in a renovated house. Kinda cute, no?The down sides are I never laid eyes on the owner in 4 trips there, including one where I was there for almost 4 hours on a weekend. I feel like an owner should have some kind of presence in the shop. After all, it's his business, shouldn't he be representing it?It can also be a bit difficult to find if you aren't familiar with the area. It's tucked behind North Dekalb mall. I found it with minimal difficulty, but I've heard complaints that it's not decked out with a flashing neon sign reading "Tattoo".I can't speak to the skills of the current staff as Mark & Jetaime are both no longer there. I guess you'll just have to rely on Carolyn B's review for that.
<review# 1909,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2008,4/12/2009,122,348,4,5,5>Nakato's food is so good. Too bad the people you are placed next to at the grill can be rude and redneck--ey....How did these people make it this far into town? Why not stay outside the perimeter and hit your local Benihana?I had Christmas dinner here, and the jerk sitting next to me continuously elbowed me, stretched out into my personal space, and chuckled with his small talking friends about how he'd never had sushi before.I know this is not Nakato's fault, and as I said previously--the food is delicious! Just make sure you bring your own company if you sit at the grill or risk having an experience like mine. That being said, the noodles that the chef prepares on the grill are pretty unique to joints like this, and are so freaking good!! Sushi is fresh and delicious, and the steak and seafood are seasoned just right.
<review# 1910,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2009,4/10/2009,24,25,5,9,8>I don't know why I always forget about this place!  This is an excellent place for dinner or drinks.  The food is excellent with especially great steaks.  The portions are very large, so most in my party had to take leftovers home.  I love the ambience of this place - they have a very cool bar with a wall of liquor and library ladder to reach the "Top Shelf" items.  Restaurant seating is very open but the lighting and some well placed railings and booth backs break it up nicely.  Our service was excellent, with one minor strike against it as we were there on my birthday and I didn't get cake (that could have been my dining companions' fault, so I won't hold it against Joey D's!)Will someone please remind me to come here more often?
<review# 1911,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/28/2008,4/9/2009,13,22,11,7,3>After being in the office for 5 minutes, Gretchen swung by my desk and asked me to go to lunch with her. After arguing about where to go for a bit, we settled on a Chinese restaurant just up the road in Sandy Springs. After pulling into the empty parking lot, we realized the place had closed (I hadn't been there in probably 6 years), and switched to Golden Buddha. The sign out front said "voted best Chinese", and I wondered aloud "by whom?"This was my first visit to Golden Buddha, and upon entering we were asked "Chinese or Japanese?" While I was busy suppressing the urge to lift my shirt and say "look at these", Gretchen said Chinese. We were seated a row back from the giant windows overlooking the sweet koi pond. The interior is much more "upscale" than I am used to in a Chinese restaurant; I'm used to a standard restaurant interior. Gretchen and I differ on who was sitting across from us, I say it was 3 gays and their hag, she said it was the parents, the son and the son's boyfriend. In any event, one of them was wearing a fantabulous shirt.We ordered our food, and out came the salads (which I don't eat), and soup. I opted for the Won-Ton, which was even saltier than I'm used to from my usual place, but it was good nonetheless. Included were the crunchy noodle things, but they were the round ones, while I prefer the flat ones. It's a personal preference, and there wasn't anything wrong with the noddles.We waited what seemed like forever for our entrees to come out. While we waited, we grew to hate one guy at a nearby table who was at a business lunch talking with food in his mouth (even on the phone), and looking out at the koi pond saying "that's some good fishin'". The table next to us (the fabulous shirt party) had turned over, and the new residents ordered well after us but got their food first. Gretchen speculated this was because I hadn't eaten my salad. Eventually, though, our food came out. I went with my standard: beef with Chinese vegetables. I was happy to see bamboo shoots, my favorite part! The sauce was good and thick, just how I like 'em. I mean it. I picked out only the unidentifiable cabbage-like items, and ate every bit of the rest.Overall, the food wasn't anything noteworthy; it was just standard Chinese food. I still don't know who voted them "best Chinese food." Perhaps it was the Society of Mediocrity. The good was good enough for me to go back for lunch since it's relatively close to the office, but I wouldn't make a special trip from home.
<review# 1912,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2009,4/8/2009,357,369,27,21,21>In the midst of a show at the Earl last night, I was struck with a fried Oreo craving. My phone stated the time as 11:30 pm. Unsure of the Glenwood's hours, I made a beeline for the door and out into the rain.I had already told my companion about the Oreos previously; she required no prodding in joining me.  The Glenwood was dimly lit and there were about 10, 12 people along the bar and at a couple of tables. It was eerily quiet for a neighborhood bar. It felt like we were interrupting something.Just as I ascertained it wasn't a private function, a distinguished looking gentleman asked me if he could be of any help."Yes, I want deep fried Oreos, please."He winced slightly, looked at his watch, and hesitated briefly, "I'll see if the kitchen can put those together. We shut down the fryer already."::heart sinks::I was appreciative that he was even looking into it and we waited with tempered giddiness.  In the meantime, a server asked if we needed help. I repeated the Oreo request and added that someone was already looking into it for me.  His reaction led me to believe it was about as likely as a marching band parading through the bar behind me in Starship trooper costumes [which I totally would've been up for, too]. His face looked a little pained, he said they had already closed [and cleaned] the kitchen, and gave me a small sympathetic smile.We didn't even bother to sit down.  It was akin to an emergency room lobby.  We just stood, pacing, waiting for the news -- good or bad.  Did we lose all hope of receiving an Oreo transfusion?Out came the Oreo God [whom is possessed of a white mane and black brows] to inform us that we were to be blessed by deep fried goodness in a short while. He hooked it up!  We rejoiced in our booth.  He asked what we'd like to drink. "Milk," I responded. He thought for a second, said he was pretty sure they had some somewhere but that we wouldn't be charged for it [likely because it wouldn't amount to a normal serving size].  A few minutes later, he brought out piping hot fried Oreos, followed by two small glasses of milk.We happily ate them, carefully rationing our precious milk supply and acknowledging that we obviously made a great decision by bailing on the concert early.I told him he was the greatest person I had met all day.  His name is Bill and he's one of the owners and he delivers dreams to rained-on girls.
<review# 1913,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2009,4/7/2009,5,7,5,6,6>I really like Ria's. I here mixed reviews about this place all the time. I never go when I think I am going to have to wait. I like to take my time with my food and company. I like the atmosphere. I love sitting on the porch in the spring and fall. But one of my favorite things about Ria's Bluebird is when there is an event going on there. The staff sets up a food station you see some good bands hang out with friends and eat good food. It's like when I was a kid and my dad would have the hair metal blasting, drinking a beer, and roasting a pig.  Well....it gives me the same warm feeling anyway. Feels like family. (the good parts) Some of my favorite things on the menu are:For Breakfast I really enjoy the Huevos I am not normally the kind of person to choose something like this for breakfast. I guess I must of been feeling pretty saucy when I ordered this and am glad I did. I prefer pinto beans over black beans and that is one thing they do give you a choice of. The southwestern Tofu Scramble is also very good. If I am not mistaken that's the one that comes in a bowl. It's unlike any other over seasoned, over cooked tofu scramble mess I have ever had. The flavors go great together. And the cilantro pesto really pulls it all together.I have only tasted the Country Fried Tempeh once. I was stealing a bite from my friends left overs she brought to work. YUM. If that's what it tastes like to go, I can't wait to order it at the restaurant. I also like the chicken salad sandwich. Also something I did not order. Thank goodness my girlfriend doesn't mind sharing with me. I think I ate half her sandwich that day. All in all I always have a good dining experience at Ria's Bluebird. I don't go there enough. I think I will be making a trip soon.
<review# 1914,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2009,4/6/2009,52,21,7,9,6>I LOVE this place, and I swear it's not just because I'm a Korean writing about a Korean restaurant.  There are, unfortunately, some not so great Korean joints -- and maybe then there's a bit of nationalistic pride that keeps me from bashing those on Yelp -- but I definitely want to sing praises when they're due.   Here goes.I've been to this place at least half a dozen times now, and the food and service are always great.  I can barely speak Korean myself so non-Korean speakers, you'll be a.o.k.  It almost seems like the wait staff appreciate the word getting out and having some "diverse" clientele in the mix, which is always appreciated.  Also the decor is downright upscale with nice deep booths, clean tables, and a faux old-school Korean paper-paneled wall on one side of the smallish restaurant.  Food is awesome and well-priced.  Tofu stews reign supreme, and they have every type of tofu stew available -- I either get the seafood mix or kimchee tofu hotpot -- and for people not so versed in all things tofu, the tofu in the stews are super soft, super light and savory.  Like most Korean restaurants, they also serve a whole bunch of side dishes (mostly vegetarian and some seafood) for free as well as rice and rice porridge.  If you've got some extra room, definitely get the soup and spare rib combo for an extra $3 or $4 bucks -- w/o the beef you're looking at $8 for the tofu stew, rice and sides.  You can't beat that with a kimchee stick.
<review# 1915,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/25/2008,4/5/2009,122,371,6,12,12>My wife bought me a gift certificate here a few years back. What a unique and different experience. I decided to take my flight in the fall, when the haze and smog is a little less. You schedule the time over the phone and meet your pilot at PDK near the Downwind Restaurant. I took my place in the front seat of the airplane and had a brief introduction on the plane, then we were off. Our flight took us southwest from the airport, climbing over buckhead. We then followed Peachtree Street south towards downtown. Over Piedmont park we did a few loops to check out a festival taking place down there. Next we crossed the connector, flying over GA Tech to the Georgia Dome. Just awesome views. You can't go much farther south without getting into the Hartsfield airspace, so we turned to the northeast, over Turner Field and heading towards Stone Mountain. Once we were clear of downtown, the pilot let me have a go with the rudder and stick. I didn't do anything crazy (kinda wish I had), but was amazed at how responsive the plane was. Just before we got to the mountain, the pilot did a few tricks, pulling about a four-G acrobatic turn. Wow! We did a few laps around Stone Mountain, then headed back to PDK. It was a great experience, one I won't soon forget. After landing, you will turn heads as you taxi past the playground and observation deck. Feel free to wave!The address of this place is a mailing address. If you are interested in booking a flight, just give them a call. They offer a few different types of flights, including a trip over Lake Lanier. Another cool alternative... a couples trip. The front seat is just wide enough for two (and you'd be plenty close). I don't know if they would do this, but a sunset trip in a biplane would be very romantic!
<review# 1916,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2008,4/4/2009,63,63,2,15,8>The Piercing Experience isn't just the best place to get pierced in Atlanta. It's probably the best place to get pierced in America! Brian "There is no pain" Skellie is a genius--this place will pierce you ONLY with materials that are surgically implantable for at least 10 years.It's like they are going into surgery when they pierce you, too. They sterilize not just the normal stuff, but also the gloves they wear, and they wash their hands up to the elbows! I previously got pierced at Andromeda in St. Mark's Place in NYC--a famous shop--and the service and my confidence in the staff didn't even compare.I will NEVER go anywhere to get pierced but this place. Seriously, it's that good.
<review# 1917,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/16/2008,4/3/2009,5,60,5,6,4>"Reliable" and "Affordable' are two of my favorite words... actually "ecdysiast" and "Brobdingnagian" are my two most favorite words but neither applies here.Everybody knows Figo, now that they're a chain.  But there's a certain utilty in chain restaurants when they're good, primarily not having to think too much about what you're having or worrying too much about quality.  Figo is not sublime Italian food, but then I find most Italian isn't - it's more like an old pair of sneakers that don't smell too much yet: comfortable and usually within reach if the dog hasn't gotten them yet.For those who don't know Figo yet - one orders the pasta and sauce separately, and there's really precious little else to order there.  I most recently had the eggplant and walnut ravioli with Siciliana sauce (which contains eggplant... I also like the word "eggplant"...      "egg" "plant"...hehehe).  Fairly tasty, and a nice round $9.  I don't really recommend the bruschetta, but then I never recommend that because it's toast.  Wine is reasonably priced, and they have Moretti on tap, and not that lame-ass Peroni.  Figo is where I go when I'm tired, and wishing I had an Italian mother to cook for me.
<review# 1918,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/21/2009,4/2/2009,216,468,9,5,3>Table of six...5 ordered the Chocolate Martini. One didn't. Guess which one I was? I wanted to try some of their chocolates. I was amazed at how intricate and beautiful they were. Besides, chocolate martinis remind me of Yoohoo.I had three candies: a Grand Marnier Truffle, a lemon-anise chocolate, and a spicy mango chocolate. Each was delicious (and should be for $1.60 a pop), but my palate was messed up or something because they all tasted the same! Maybe it was the booze? Granted, I did have a buzz on from a cocktail and a beer with dinner from just down the street. And I had a glass of Cava to go with the candies. The combo made a nice dessert, even if the flavors were all blending into a giant chocolate nirvana.Oh, and my friends enjoyed the Yoohoo.
<review# 1919,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2009,3/31/2009,182,354,5,15,11>Where to begin?Todd P on Yelp mentioned this place to me at an unofficial Yelp Event. I called them on Monday and they did a walk through to give me a quote on Tuesday. When Michelle showed up, she respectfully took her shoes off, and did a thorough recap of my house.Questions like -Do you have any peeves? Do you want the rugs back on the floors? Do you want your sheets changed? She began to do the math for the cost and I was about to fall on the floor when I saw 300, but then she explained they do a point system. Each room is given points, based off size, complexity, etc. Combined with animals, etc. The cost was $100 every other week, $125 monthly or $92 weekly for a 2450 sf house, 3 bedroom, 3.5 baths. The calculation makes complete sense, and is very reasonable, I appreciated there being some math behind it, versus "eh, $200". I contemplated using a local person, but they are insured, and run it like a true company. If an employee calls in sick they have someone else to cover the job (or take their place),  and have low turn over, which tells me they treat their employees right.  She took my info back, and the Office Manager called me to confirm the requested date and time, Thursday of this week, only 2 days later. They managed to arrange it in time, and I was a bit anxious. I flew out to Philly this morning, returned home, to my home in immaculate condition. Not just a casual cleaning, but the carpet was vacuumed so perfectly, that it had perfect lines. They left a nice note thanking me for my business, with a survey and that they loved my dog and bird. Why Sponge and Sparkle? They have a great history of what they do, insured, can converse in English without any challenge and are committed to customer satisfaction. With the cleaning today, I am confident that I am going to stay with them on a bi weekly basis, as Todd Mentioned, there are some things that just are oddly relaxing about having your house cleaned. Trash Emptied, Bed Made, Sheets Changed, Floors Cleaned, Couch Vacuumed, Dusted, and I don't have to stock up on any of the cleaning supplies. As Betty T noted, your house doesn't smell like the cleaning supply aisle at Target when you return, they use a variety of less abrasive, not too harsh on the environment cleaners. GREAT Job Sponge & Sparkle, you have found another loyal customer. PS- The intro discount that they have on Yelp made it an easy decision with less risk to try, and now they have me hooked!
<review# 1920,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2009,3/30/2009,59,126,3,9,5>The pizza posse hit up Shorty's as part of my pizza series on Eat it Atlanta (insert shameless plug here). We decided to go to the Decatur (Toco Hills) location, where the Shorty's is tucked away at the far end of a strip mall near the Longhorn Steakhouse (side note: what happened to the Big Haired Lady?) It's definitely an unassuming spot, but when we arrived, it was packed and we had to wait a few minutes. Definitely a good sign when seeking tasty fare. The atmosphere is a little more upscale, and the menu has some more advanced offerings than just your regular pie. Our waiter was quite enthusiastic, and maybe a little bit of a smartass. When we ordered one large and one small pie I asked if that was enough for the four of us and he scoffed and said that it was enough for just him. His other notable claim was, "We have the best pizza in town, but the pizza isn't even the best thing on the menu." Then there was that few second pause where I realize he wants me to ask. OK, I bite and ask him what is the best thing on their menu, and I'm told the best thing on the menu is the fish. Apparently they cook salmon on a wood plank in their wood fired pizza oven and it's phenomenal.Wood fired oven! That seems hopeful! I asked how hot they cook and the waiter said 1200 degrees. Now I'm not so sure about this "best fish in town claim" as there's no way this oven statement is true. Maybe he was saying the fire itself is 1200 degrees but cooking a pizza at that temp sounds a little extreme and in my brief internet research I haven't found an oven that cooks at that temperature. The real measure of Shorty's would be in the pizza. For our initial order we started with a small pie with buffalo mozzarella, basil, and onion. We also got a large specialty pie (pictured above) that was a white pie with sausage and cilantro (among other things). After we finished that one, we got another large with pepperoni and arugula. They are of decent size, but they are quite thin so you can easily eat a lot of slices at Shorty's. This style isn't for everyone, but I like this type of dough. It has a light color, crispy on the endcrust, slightly chewy and firm, a little browning, but with some nice texture on the inside. I was actually expecting their pizza to be more like a Naples style pizza, being they used a wood fired oven, but there was surprisingly little char and the upskirt was very plain (no holes, no blackening). Everything was in balance though. The dough wasn't soggy. There was a noticeable amount of sauce. You could taste the mozzarella. And the pizza with toppings tasted fresh and didn't weigh down the pizza. It's was memorable to me, not crazily so, but memorable none the less, which means Shorty's is definitely a winner to me. Throw in a fun environment and "the best fish in town" and you got yourself a pizza destination my friends. OK, and be sure to get the warm cookies with whipped cream for dessert. Good stuff. Photos and full post here: eatitatlanta.com/2009/01
<review# 1921,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2009,3/29/2009,7,56,2,6,5>I am going to compare Lee's sandwiches to those of Quoc Huong as my Atlanta food idol, Jennifer Zyman (the "blissful glutton") has it ranked as the best in the ATL.  It is very hard to pick a favorite...I can weigh in on the baguette, though.  Lee's Bakery's baguettes are better than Quoc Huong's.  Lee's Bakery's baguettes have the proper crispy exterior and chewiness on the inside without being too hard on the ends.The ambiance is very relaxed, the store is spacious, making it a better dine-in option than Quoc Huong.  I like to go in the evening with my wife, get a seat within view of the television, and take my time.  They also serve many other goods, like the tasty bahn bao with lots of fillings.  You feel real relaxed and are never rushed.  I have never been on a weekday afternoon.  Let's look at some of Lee's best sandwiches (in order of preference):1. Tofu Bahn Mi: tofu is cooked to order, is much better than Quoc Huong's.  Insanely, insanely delicious.  It is great hot or cold.  Perfect for take-out.  I will get back to you when I try Viet Tofu's version.2. The Lee's Special: vietnamese cold cuts, cilantro, chile, pork liver pate, and head cheese w/ pickled daikon and carrots.  Cannot beat it elsewhere.  It is served cold, so is a great take-out option.3. Barbeque Pork Bahn Mi (bahn mi bi): sorry, Quoc Huong's is superior, the filling just doesn't stand up, in comparison, but is still very good.4. Chicken Bahn Mi: a loser to Quoc Huong's chicken bahn mi by a long-shot.  Quoc Huong's version seems to be juicier and "butterier."Croissants are great (but you need to ask for it to be heated if you like it like that).  The chocolate is quite good, they also have strawberry, ham and cheese, et al.The soup, though, is not the best in town.  This is a sandwich shop.The iced coffee is quite good, but at 2 bucks and change  (still less than Starbucks) is the same cost as a sandwich.  How about the service?  It is very relaxed, but that is not to say they are not attentive.  You may encounter a language barrier with a server, but the owner tries not to interfere.  You are free to walk up to the counter to order additonal items if you have the craving.  Your glass of iced green tea is unlikely to reach the bottom w/out being refilled.One thing I do not like is this - you are charged an extra $0.50 per sandwich if you eat it there.  Seems kind of hostile to the customer, but the price is still great - $3 per sandwich ($3.50 for the Lee's Special).  So, be sure to adjust your tip accordingly.  There smoothies are good, but they would benefit by bringing in some bubble tea.It gets no more relaxed, affordable, and tasty than this.  Above all, please, please, please never go to a Subway store within 20 miles of Lee's Bakery!  That would be just plain wrong.
<review# 1922,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2008,3/27/2009,343,405,13,10,13>This song is dedicated to: David G, Sheena S, Pam L, Max S, Douglas O, Kit F, Melissa L, Katie W, Joel DTo Boyce Avenue version of Omarion's "Ice Box"*** Sing Along - youtube.com/watch?v=-h0F"Grits Bar"Tweetin and Yelpin, we back it again.Lets go out, to Dogwood; for good food with great friends.Have the hungries, stomach growling.This Restaurant serves the food I used to know.Boy, I really wanna try this out, lets do prix fixinStart with the tomato bisque and I'll take the cheesecake too!I said I really wanna try this out, want the fried chickinIt's no excuse, no excuseI got this grits bar where my heart use to beI got this grits bar where my heart use to beIt's so good, it's so good, it's so good, it's so good, it's so good, it's so good
<review# 1923,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2008,3/26/2009,106,114,4,9,6>Being a cat-lover + a Candler Park lover + a small diner lover + a lover of well prepared, perfectly portioned diner food, Gato Bizco = as good as it gets! My husband and I made our second visit here on Saturday, and had an unbelievable brunch-time lunch. The service was right on key. The Owner came by twice to make sure we were happy with our server and our selections; he was very pleasant. My BLT w/ cheese hit the spot, and my husband ate his Philly cheese steak so fast, that I didn't even get a chance to steal a bite. My sandwich had perfectly cooked bacon, had zero grease, and the side of skillet potatoes were delicious. If you haven't been, then add it to the list of local brunch/lunch stops you need to make! I plan on making it one of my regular stops...
<review# 1924,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/27/2008,3/25/2009,50,22,7,8,7>If you have an adventurous spirit, I suggest you try the Rose gelato.  It has such a lovely flavor... I come here and get it every time I visit my Mom, who lives in Va Highlands.  For someone who doesn't like sweets, I LOVE this place.  Occasionally, there is a rather depressing girl working behind the counter who doesn't seem to like her job very much.  There isn't much (or any) room to eat it inside though, so have somewhere to go with your gelato.  If you don't have an appetite but still want to have a tasty snack, you can get the tiniest portion which is super cute!  You get a little ball of ice cream about the size of a ping-pong ball atop an equally miniature waffle cone.  I hate ice cream, but I love gelato (specifically Paolo's).
<review# 1925,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2009,3/23/2009,78,97,1,6,6>Very glad we stopped here on the way to Atlanta Farmers Market. I'm normally put off by large oversized photos of food plastered onto restaurant windows, but the rave reviews we saw here beforehand had me overlooking any pixelated closeups of half-authentic samples.Let me just say - OUTSTANDING grape leaves. Amazing spring roll, and very nice tea. Naturally sweet. Good stuff. Got the ta'm dac biêt, the  Fragrant Rice Dish fan fave with fried egg. Which by the way can I add that ANYTHING is pretty much better with over-medium egg? Rice, burgers, burritos, hash browns, you name it. BONUS: We were totally surprised with complimentary valentines day cake after our meal! Did not expect that. Very cool people here.
<review# 1926,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2008,3/22/2009,53,28,5,7,7>I love this place, it feels like a place where you can find loyalty. Loyalty to the bar, loyalty to your community, and in my case loyalty to pinball, even during a tornado warning I stood by my game. Currently they have "Lord of the rings" and "The Simpsons" both quality pinball games. Back to the review, the food is w.y.s.i.w.y.g. no surprises,the feel of Manuel's is very 1950's the kind of place you might go if you were my dad, in fact next time my dad is out here I'm going to bring him and see what he thinks. I'll keep you updated...
<review# 1927,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2008,3/21/2009,10,13,2,6,3>Wow.  Before I begin, let me say that I have never read reviews for a restaurant that varied so widely!  I think quite a lot of Thai Palate, but my review comes with a caveat.... Thai Palate is my favorite neighborhood spot for casual and affordable dinning.  The food always arrives quickly (a must for those nights I haven't realized how hungry I actually am), the portions are generous, there is *FREE* valet parking - so no worries Nikki K. and Stephanie S., they have a serviceable wine list and bar, and best of all they remember me every time I walk through the door! That said, I have rarely explored the restaurant's full menu.  I stick to the tried and true: veggies and chicken with a spicy brown sauce (thai spicy!), and sometimes throw in beef satay or spring rolls for good measure.  These items are dependably good, affordable, and the yummy ingredients are fresh and crunchy.
<review# 1928,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2008,3/20/2009,0,16,2,4,5>What a great find! My friend and I were heading to the Spa on a Friday afternoon. We wanted to stop into a casual bar for a light lunch before pampering ourselves. On foot, we had a tiny bit of trouble finding the place, but once we did, we knew we were in the right place. What a hidden gem! The patio was so cozy (although we opted to sit inside this trip - we were toasty from walking around). The inside had a really cool vibe. We ordered simple salads and they were both really yummy. Fair price - fair size. After the spa, we actually came back and bellied up to the bar for some fun cocktails. They were having a happy hour special, half-price apps., but we didn't partake. We'll definitely be back!
<review# 1929,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2009,3/19/2009,705,321,15,18,15>"Fancypants!"The buttermilk fried chicken was superb! Huge serving! Moist delicious and crispy at the same time! What more can you ask for?The best part of my meal beyond the company, was that the mashed potatoes and gravy... they were a flawless victory! FLAWLESS! The chef loves food and it's obvious! If you've never been here, it's actually quite a nice atmosphere and  completely comfortable. Nice but not snobby.  In Atlanta tradition it's not really near anything else... but "you all" are used to that! (wink to your accent.)This venue would make for a nice dinner date before a show or... hint, hint... Valentines Day!Either way, I'll be back!
<review# 1930,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2008,3/18/2009,153,307,4,5,5>So this "shack" is located a couple minutes from my house. "Shack's" tend to scare me but for some reason they always have the best food. So today I ventured out to the "shack" for some lemon peppered wings. I called in my order: 10 wings with fries= 7.00. I got there walked up to the enormously little "shack" and said I called in an order for the lemon peppered wings. She then tells me we can't start your order until you get here....so it'll be 6 more minutes! (So why the heck did I call my order in then?) 6 Minutes later when i finally got my food she asked me if I was a student. I said yes! So we get a discount...Yah! That dropped my total to 6.14! I decided to ask is their any point in me calling in my order since it clearly won't be ready once I get here? Her response is you can call it in...but we can't start the order till you get here (does that make any sense?) She said the owner would get stuck with called in orders and no one would ever come get them. So now they don't cook them until you get there. Ugh I hate sitting in sketchy parking lots...that consist of a Papa Johns and Check Cashing store. Oh well i'll be goin back tomorrow for the 5 wings combo for 5.15.The wings were tasty...not the best...not better than international cafe's lemon pepper wings. The fries are nothing to brag about. But i'll give them another chance tomorrow! The wings are a really good size for the cheap price!
<review# 1931,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2008,3/17/2009,352,299,6,14,9>Thirty bucks for a manicure and pedicure ... in Buckhead ... you've got to be kidding me. And not only that, it's some of the best work I've ever seen (photo uploaded). And let's be honest, kids ... I've had my fair share of nail beautification done.The shop itself is minimally decorated, which is nice. I'm tired of nail places with tchotchkies and junk every where.Good polish selection, which is even organized by color (this appeals to my type-A personality in more ways than one). The staff is very friendly, and some even speak fluent and clear English. Total bonus.I'm completely sold. They even accept credit cards. Oh, and they're open on Sundays. I know, just when you thought it couldn't get any better, it did.
<review# 1932,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2008,3/16/2009,94,50,8,8,9>Let me show you my scary math skills:Good Friends + Bone Garden Punch + Yummy Food = Happy PamThis place is in the middle of an industrial area and nothing I would have found nor heard of if not for Google Maps and fellow Yelpers.  Luckily, there's a gigantic skeleton dude next to the road that told me that I had found it.Definitely liked sitting on the patio with some good guacamole and chips while waiting for everyone to show up.  The salsa however was kinda of watery and bland.The tacos were good and wrapped with 2 very thin tortillas.  The tilapia one was good but not spicy and the al pastor was lovely with that little hint of pineapple to slightly sweeten it.  I also had a vegetable empanada which had great flavor and nice a crispy crust.  I only wish the veggies had a little more structure.  Cactus Salad is not on the top of my list - it reminded me of picked vegetables.  At least I can say I've had cactus now.  I'm not big on burritos, but theirs looked really good.  There are so many things I still want to try on this menu.  And with such an inexpensive menu, you can gather a group of friends and literally order everything for a taste and still not break the bank.One thing they have to work on is service.  There were only 2 waiters for the whole place (inside and out) and our waitress was trying her best, but she could not remember things when she came to our table.  She was very nice though! There's no bones about it . . . . . this place is boo-tiful!
<review# 1933,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/5/2009,3/15/2009,131,65,6,4,4>Midtown Tavern to me is a classic neighborhood bar and the type of place where you have a good time and develop memories: karaokeing Macho Man with friends, watching Ivan S. sing Britney Spears and then berate the girl who blocked the driveway in the parking lot, and other stories (who went home with who) that serve as fodder for the "Sewing Circle" as James H. calls it... yeah, good times. Friday night karaoke turns out to be fun even though I'm not really a karaoke kind of person. Service seems pretty good: although I have not relied on the table wait staff, bar service has usually been fast and efficient. I have eaten here once and it was good bar food and others have reported theirs was pretty good (the chicken fingers looked good). Everything seems reasonably priced. One should note that parking sucks: either street parking or in the post office parking lot. So, stop by, join in with the gang, Sewing Circles are always in need of more gossip.
<review# 1934,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2009,3/14/2009,94,110,12,12,10>I used to say I would never go tanning.  I associated tanning salons with orange, leather-skinned, cancer-prone people.  Besides, if I wanted to look tan, all I had to do was hang outside for a few hours.  No biggie. Then I decided to get married and buy a fancy ivory dress and hire an awesome photographer...and as the big day draws ever closer, I'm realizing that my skin is only half a shade darker than my dress and, well, that won't look so great in photographs.  And LeahandMark.com is all about the photographs.With my hectic grad-school life these days,  I have NO time to lounge around outside slowly getting tan.  And I don't want tan lines.  And I hate the smell of those messy tanning lotions that leave brown streaks all over me.Enter: Simply Sun Tanning Salon.  I just had my first visit and I'm quite pleased with the results.  I'm not gonna turn into a tanning junkie, but I definitely enjoyed my visit.  I chose the Ultra bed, with 0% UVB, so I feel better about soaking up the fake rays.  I'm more tan than I expected to be after just 8 minutes, and the 20% student discount allowed me to splurge on the Ultra upgrade.  Woohoo!  Now I feel good about all those photographs coming up... and about walking around in a bikini for the honeymoon!
<review# 1935,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2008,3/13/2009,27,84,4,5,7>Apparently there are 2 profiles for this business.  I'm posting here and deleting the other since this one seems to be more legit...I love to read, I love good food and I love good drinks.  The Book House Pub has it all and as a bonus, this place is gorgeous.  Atlanta is blessed with some really cool new places and this one is at the top of the list.  Does anyone remember Midtown Saloon?  I do and this place is the polar opposite.  I still can't believe this is the same location.  I felt like I was in Dublin or Seattle or Portland -- certainly not Atlanta.I had food and drinks at the Book House last night and was thoroughly impressed.  The beer list was large and reasonably priced.  The food was great.  Julia (can't remember her last name) is the chef and her menu is great.  We started with the duck confit -- tender duck on top of pumpkin puree (not too sweet but really nice) and a really great pancake (corn meal -- again, not too sweet but a little crispy and a perfect base for this dish).  I had the pork chop which was perfectly seared so it was super moist.  It came with some smashed potatoes, roasted cauliflower and braised kale.  I almost ate everything on my plate and would have eaten the plate too but my stomach was completely full and could not accommodate any more food.  My dining partners split a veggie plate and a burger.  Both looked great and they said that they loved what they ordered.  The best part about the menu is that it gets better with desert.  This is the only place I know that has a funnel cake on the menu and it was so good -- not greasy at all and the funnel cake was little threads so it's crispy.  And on top was a really great cinnamon ice cream.The service was really great -- we were greeted warmly when we walked in and didn't want for a thing the entire time we were there.Jeev R. described the space well.  The only thing I will expand upon is the back patio (where yes, you can smoke).  It's beautiful back there.  There are strings of Asian-inspired lanterns and some really gorgeous tables (the wood is what does it).   It's got a really nice "glow" from the lights and it looks like the perfect place to chill on a Sunday afternoon. As a side note, on Sundays they have a dunch from 3-6pm which is perfect for enjoying brunch later in the day.The Book House is beautiful and simple and perfect.  If I were to write a thesis on why I think Atlanta is cool, this would be one of my references
<review# 1936,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2008,3/12/2009,36,57,4,5,4>Rad!Had no problems finding vegan or vegetarian food (beans and rice are fine), here, and it was wonderful. The servers were über accommodating and friendly. Everything was fresh, delicious, and didn't have that "out of the microwave" look. I'm excited to go back, and get drunk, or something, while gorging tacos.
<review# 1937,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2008,3/11/2009,13,8,4,13,9>After reading all the Yelp reviews, I was expecting greatness, and greatness is what I got at Sushi House Hayakawa. Everything was delectable, and the sushi stands out as the best I've had in Atlanta. Especially the salmon, which was so buttery and flavorful it made me feel drunk. My husband decided to go with the sushi/sashimi chef's choice combo, while I took on the $65 omakase. Now, I can usually take down quite a bit of sushi, but the amount of food that comes with the omakase turned out to be a lot more substantial than I thought it would be. However, my husband's combo was somewhat smaller than he had expected, so I shared my courses with him and it all worked out. Next time I think I will order a la carte or try out the $50 omakase. It's my understanding that the chef's choice is different every night, but these were my courses:1. Starter: Seaweed combo, herring roe, lotus root2. Sunomuno: Cucumber, seaweed, assorted sashimi3. Yakitori: Chicken4. Tempura: Shrimp, eggplant, sweet potato5. Nigiri: Assorted pieces with tuna roll6. Rice with salmon roe7. Dessert: Choice of green tea/red bean ice cream or red bean pastry (I went with the latter)All delicious!Service was friendly and very attentive. Your water glasses and teacups will never go unfilled here. The place was packed by 7:15 p.m. on a Friday night, so make a reservation just in case!
<review# 1938,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/25/2009,3/9/2009,474,1389,8,7,6>Didn't get enough of the tuna, pork, and cheese at the Elite event at Toulouse, so we needed somewhere tasty and easy to fill us up.  Katie suggested the Tenth, since it was on the way back to Midtown, and no one seemed to really object.  Though I've been driving past this place for the last 9.5 years, watching it change names over and over again, I'd never been.  I think one of the reasons I never chose this place before was the horrendous parking situation at Jock's and Jill's... but there was free parking in the part of the lot down the hill right at the corner of Juniper and 10th.  Maybe this is new, now that JnJ's is closed.  Or maybe it was because it was a Sunday night.  Regardless, things were off to a good start for me.Katie had been to some of the previous iterations, and she said that not much had changed.  We were seated in the front part of the restaurant.  Katie and I were on the wooden bench with cushions, and it wasn't the most comfortable seat, but I was happy to be sitting.  The space felt like we were in a lobby, or a waiting room, particularly with the large fish tank.I did not opt for the $5 thai sangria, but I liked that they offered it.  I did go for the veggie green curry, and it was as spicy as promised.  The mix of veggies was good, and the presentation was amazing!  It was a partitioned dish, with the rice in a cone-shaped mound on one side.  Definitely added some excitement to a not-so inventive dish.  It was tasty and just the right amount (though no one else finished theirs, so maybe I was just being gluttonous...).  I just had to have the mango ice cream to cool off all that spice, and Katie was kind enough to share some of her mango sticky rice.  Both were fantastic, and the portions were quite generous considering their special price.Good enough for the evening, not sure this is my new favorite place... "you may not be my Mr. Right, but you can be my Mr. Tonight"
<review# 1939,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2008,3/8/2009,34,31,4,9,6>My sister has been in town for a few days, and after hitting up all her favorites, I decided to buy a Creative Loafing gift certificate for 4th and Swift. (Half price gift certificates are always a plus...) We had only a little trouble finding the place, not knowing where exactly it was located, but after we found the valet entrance, it was on!Walking in, we were greeted warmly by the host, and also by the smell of what seemed to be a wood burning oven. (yum.) The menu (which I had already scoped out online, naturally) had an added page of specials, which included a plate of fried pickles and truffled deviled eggs. I was in love then. We also ordered the potato of the day (herb roasted fingerling), mac and cheese, lamb lasagna, and the chicken with warm bread salad and a maple jus. We told our server, Paul, to just bring things as they were ready, since we were starving and planning on sharing. The fried pickles and deviled eggs arrived first, along with the lamb lasagna. I dove into the pickles first, and they did not disappoint. They were served with a unidentifiable sauce that was perfectly creamy and lightly spicy. The pickles had just the right amount of bite and crunch. I wish I could eat them everyday, The deviled eggs were the best I have had (Sorry, mom.) The lamb lasagna was good, not great. Then arrived the bread basket with some amazing cheddar garlic biscuits that made me forget that the lasagna was lacking. The chicken, potatoes, and mac and cheese arrived a few minutes later, and I was almost full. So I had a few bites of the mac (kind of bland, needed a more decadent cheese) and the potatoes (decent), and ate the bread salad and haricots verts from the chicken and decided to save the chicken, most of the potatoes and mac and cheese for lunch tomorrow. Paul was nice the entire time, and even gave us extra biscuits to take home with us. (Bread is the way to this girls heart.)Try out 4th and Swift. It really is a great addition to Atlanta. And if they happen to have the fried pickles on the menu, get two orders. Oh, and one odd thing I noticed---no girls were working. The host, bartender, servers, bussers, and valet were all men. Maybe the girls decided to have a girl's night out?
<review# 1940,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2008,3/6/2009,40,38,5,6,5>Two Words: SALMON CHIPS!!These little babies are freaking delish! I could seriously just order these for dinner and be completely satisfied....and then most likely get seconds.I love going to TWO. The ambiance, the noise, the food, the extremely strong cocktail infusions, and bocce ball -- this restaurant has become one of my favorite spots in Atlanta. It's a great first-date restaurant, as well as an awesome place to take a big group. Go check out TWO if you haven't already gone....just be sure to get good, detailed directions or either go with a friend who's been before so you don't get lost! ;-)
<review# 1941,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/18/2008,3/5/2009,22,165,4,5,6>Ay papi, ven aqui!I live up the street from here so it's hard not to have Papi's part of my life.  It's simple, family-run, sit down or take-out, bar stool or table, with Papi himself manning the grill.The portions are huge!  Thursdays are my favorite - roasted pork with plaintains, rice, salad, and black beans - that I get 2 meals out of, all for under $7!  They run out most of the time (which is probably how I ended up at Old Spaghetti Factory, ugh).  The jerk chicken is also delicioso and the fresh fruit batidos are refreshing.Some quirks about the place - they do have a bar but I never see a bartender.  Free wi-fi (I've actually gotten some work done here).The cubans at Kool Korners (R.I.P) were better but I'm just gonna have to get over it...
<review# 1942,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2009,3/3/2009,223,140,11,17,17>Flip is located on the horribly trafficked corridor that is Howell Mill Road. Once you've safely navigated here and, hopefully, found a parking spot take a stroll into the BRIGHT space that is Flip. Seriously, felt like I had to put my shades on.  Walking in immediately gives you a good sense of the area/orientation. Lots of seating to be had and you can see where larger groups could be easily accommodated. I dug the posh booths lining the back walls, which were empty this time, although I'm sure coveted during prime time.Since it's just me, I belly up to the bar and check the menu. Nice, simple and clean. I order the Ginger Margarita and after 3 glasses I can tell you earnestly that that drink is very good. Try it, you may enjoy it. Onto the food, I order the lamburger with the sweet potato tots (Note: props to Melissa L. for posting pictures of both items on this review page). They come out fairly quickly and the taste is fantastic. The burger is cooked medium, it's juicy and the seasonings are just right. Sure, to look at it's smallish, but it filled me up. As for the side item, I'd never had sweet potato tots, and I'm already jonesing for my next encounter. I overheard a few people talk about the Krispy Kreme shake and it sounded interesting. Since I wasn't trying to risk a food overload, I just watched a few pass by. Seeing them use liquid nitrogen in the creation process gave me a flashback to high school chemistry. They looked good though!
<review# 1943,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/18/2009,3/2/2009,244,602,46,20,17>Oh My Little Pink Pony, you dirty little minx. In all honesty, I resisted going here fro my bachelor party. "Too crowded," I said. That's when I was reminded by another naked lady connoisseur who shall remain nameless (but his name rhymes with "James H.") that it was Thursday night and it shouldn't be crowded at all.  And really, after the Tattletale's debacle (100% my fault), how could I argue?The Pony still is the Pony--all neon and mirrors. And yes, it wasn't that crowded on a Thursday night.  The women? Thanks to the generosity of my friends, I got to see most of them up close.  Some were good, mostly of the artificial variety. I did have a couple of favorites that I liked. (But don't worry, my new wife! No touching!) And apologies to that one woman who took me to the back and tried to be all sexy with her lapdances, but I ended up nodding off a few times. It was the booze!  I swear it! Also, you were the one our group called "the scary one," so that didn't help. I wouldn't have been surprised if you'd sewed buttons over my eyes at some point. (Shudder.)The shooter girls were nice and suitably enthusiastic about fellating a test tube of kool-aid and liquor. (Ladies, if you don't understand that last statement, don't even ask.) The DJ was your standard-issue strip club DJ. I wonder what happens if that guy ever has kids?"KATIE! KATIE! Come to the living ROOM! I need to talk to you about your CHORES! Oh yeeeeeeah."On second thought, there are probably some things best left unimagined.  However, I'm not sure if I should be proud or ashamed that the DJ announced that we were leaving."Hey, GUYS! You were here for a WHILE! Thanks for COMING! Now Savannah, come to the main STAGE!"And yes, if you're wondering, all strip club Djs overemphasize the last word of every sentence they say, especially if that sentence ends with "stage."  Hmmm...maybe a better career choice for this guy would be the play-by-play announcer guy at NASA."And the rocket is nearing the mesosphere and ejecting its second STAGE! Oh yeeeeeeaaaaaah!"Anyway, the drinks definitely have booze in them, if my nodding off during the mean lady's lap dance was any indication. They're priced according to most bars and not like, say, when I went to Scores in NYC and bought an $8 Bud Light.All in all, I had a good, harmless time of seeing many boobies. Probably not harmless to my friends' wallets, but hey, I was the bachelor! I also forgot about the "museum" exhibit in the back of the building which is a must see. Well, not really, but it's there. (By the way, don't bother with the valets. Just park further up in the parking lot like we did.)
<review# 1944,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2009,3/1/2009,789,691,5,8,10>Enjoyed my little trip to Sublime Doughnuts - we tried just 5 donuts (and donuts are surprisingly more filling than you think!) and got to know Kamal, the owner. He's very personable & definitely creative - quite evident by all the imaginative flavors - gosh, he's got 26 different kinds of donuts to choose from! A little pricey though from $1.25-1.75 ... but 15% discount if you order a dozen or more.My friend & I decided to get the following: Dulce de Leche (my favorite), Raspberry Filled Heart (my #2 favorite), Reese's Peanut Butter Cup, & Apple Fritter. I don't know how he makes his donuts but they taste different - and honestly, take away the fillings & the icings and they would still taste yummy. I think it's the texture that I really liked. We were also lucky enough to be offered one of his test donuts to get our opinion - he made us guess the flavor ... a creamsicle donut! We told him it was a winner! One opportunity for improvement is signage - storefront says just "Donuts" (not "Sublime Doughnuts"). Please somebody make a good sign for the guy b/c the world needs to know this isn't your average donut place. Support your local businesses!
<review# 1945,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2008,2/28/2009,51,21,4,7,7>Despite the never-ending craze for all things Japanese, there are surprisingly very few authentic and affordable Japanese restaurants in the metro-Atlanta area. One very pleasant exception is Umezono.My first visit to Umezono was at the recommendation of a former co-worker - an older American fellow who was married to a native Japanese woman. This guy, though generally likeable, was certainly no charmer. He was the salty dog type that responded to most people with short, harsh grunts. I managed to build something of a rapport with him when I let on that I knew a little Japanese. This of course led to us talking about Japanese restaurants, and ended up with him agreeing to take me and another colleague to his favorite Japanese eatery for lunch one day. On the day of the outing, I noticed that his eyes had taken on a youngish look, and he'd suddenly become quite garrulous - explaining the proper way to drink ocha and sharing all kinds of tidbits about the different dishes he'd tried. If 'Old Guns' (our endearing nickname for him) was this excited about something, I knew I was in for a treat.From the "Irrashaimase" yelled out, to the Japanese soap opera playing on the teeny black-and-white TV behind the sushi bar, as soon as you enter Umezono, you know you're about to encounter the real thing. This is not a place where you will be entertained by a wise-cracking, spatula-twirling griddle cook spooning out 'steak-chicken-or-shrimp' covered in teriyaki sauce. Nor will you find waifish waitstaff with high-post attitudes dishing out overly decorated, over-priced maki. So, if either of those is part of your definition of a good Japanese restaurant, you should probably skip this place altogether.The décor is simple and modest - there's a main dining area that houses shoji-screened booths and the sushi bar, an overflow dining room off to the left, and a traditional tatami room in the back. The waitresses all exude an air of rushed, but very polite busy-ness, and more than a few don't speak English very well. But as long as you stick to the items listed on the menu (read: special order at your own risk), there shouldn't be a problem.The menu includes an extensive variety of authentic Japanese fare -less-intimidating stuff like donburi, teriyaki, soba and udon dishes mingle with more unfamiliar, tongue-twisting items like: shishamo (grilled whole smelt fish) and gyutan shioyaki (grilled beef tongue with salt).I've only ever visited for lunch, during which there's a $7.50 combo special that comes with your choice of two small dishes accompanied by miso soup, salad, and rice. My favorites are the saba shiomaki  - a small piece of mackerel that's been grilled to skin-crisping perfection; and the gyoza - that are so good they'll make you smack umami. Ok - that was corny, but I couldn't resist.kanpai,ksolobonvivantonline.com
<review# 1946,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2008,2/27/2009,215,493,8,17,9>A nice store with a nice selection of products.  They are knowledgeable and they have lots of very pretty things.  I have two main gripes.  The first is that some of their stuff is indeed a bit overpriced; I have left this store and immediately gone to other stores in Phipps Plaza and found the exact same items for less (especially on brands like Chantelle which are indeed lovely but are also available in other department stores or online once you know your size).  However, they do have a lot of unique pieces that are going to be expensive anywhere and that's just how it is.  The second gripe is that it is nearly impossible to go to this store for the first time without an appointment and actually be allowed to try anything on even though you really truly do know your correct size.  I know my size (I stay current on these sorts of things) and I just wanted to try on the pretty things I saw and I had to seriously negotiate to be allowed in one of several available fitting rooms.  I didn't want a consultation - I just wanted to try things on.  I finally got in the room and tried the first one on and, when the associate came to check on me, she saw it and said "That's a perfect fit".  See???  I know these things!  After that she was very helpful and just kept bringing me more pretty things to try on.  So, I was slightly annoyed but I think they really are just trying to help.  I would definitely recommend this place if you do not know your correct size and need assistance with a fitting.
<review# 1947,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2009,2/26/2009,145,240,3,5,4>I love George's and can't believe I haven't written a review. I've only come here during the day, so I can't speak much for the night crowd and times. It's an old bar, just like all the other reviews mention. The service is awesome and the burgers a phenomenal. One of my favorites in Atlanta for sure. Hand pattied and always cooked to order.Someone tell me what is going on here? They used to have the best fries. They were crinkle-cut wedges. Flavorful and crispy. I'd never had anything like it, but the last two times I went here, they had generic, terrible fries. Please George's, go back to your wonderful ways!
<review# 1948,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2009,2/25/2009,140,53,6,6,7>The best bar in Atlanta. Hands down. I love beer and I love this place. The outside of Brickstore is unassuming, but upon entering you feel like you might have stepped a hundred years back in time, or at least made a trip to a German Pub. There are a few modern flares that add to the uniqueness of the decor and make the interior special. Every time I go, I seem to end up chatting it up with a server who have been more than glad to discuss beer with me.  This is unique since at most places with a big selection, the people serving you seem have no clue about beer. Their food is delicious, but to make it even better, the kitchen is open until the bar closes, so you don't have to worry about leaving if you get the late night munchies. Get here early and stay late. You will leave feeling like you've begun to incubate a baby but you won't regret it one bit. Come here and get knocked up with awesome booze and food.
<review# 1949,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2008,2/24/2009,161,173,15,11,8>Kenny I love you. I had been longing for a Key Lime Pie that didn't glow with green dye or leave a funky fake lime aftertaste in my mouth. You make a damn fine pie my love. The friendly folks who work at your company were more than gracious in supplying the much needed tangy ,tasty south Florida confection. They must have sensed my weakness, because the nice lady at the pie window mentioned that they now have Chocolate Silk pie. Now how could I leave without one of those as well? I couldn't.The Key Lime pie is by far the most excellent of it's type. I have tried KLPs from the left coast to the tip of FLA. Hands down this specimen in superior to all others. From the first bite I was hooked. Laura and I wolfed down most of the pie in the first sitting. I've been doling out the remains like the last canteen of water in Nairobi. I had some for breakfast this morning.The chocolate silk is unbelievably great. Perfection. Not too sweet or airy. But rich chocolate silk. Not pudding like or grainy. I will be frequenting this place a lot this coming holiday season. Every party I attend will be an excuse to buy another pie. The sweet temptress of pie, behind the counter, said she's the only girl at the pie factory. Lucky Lady! If I was the only girl at this pie factory they would have to install a separate entrance for me. One with those giant roll up doors,and put a back up beeper on my butt. BEEP BEEP BEEP.....
<review# 1950,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2008,2/23/2009,9,8,8,7,10>I started going to the Indy because of the Wednesday Night Music Trivia and I ended up staying for the beer, the food, the martinis, the friends, the pool, the awesome employees that sometimes remember my name, and the Fries, Aussie Style (not on the menu, but trust me). Also? There are little hooks right below the bar for your purse. A very nice touch.It's really nice to find a little place in the big city that's heavy on character and light on douchebags. :) They have lots of pool tables, lots of seating inside and out, games (video and otherwise), and a menu that might surprise you. I have an addiction to the gyro and you can get any of their sandwiches quesadilla-style, which I find surprisingly awesome. Also: FRIED TWINKIES. I'm still mustering the courage to try one. After a recent experience with the fried Oreo that was very positive, I'm cautiously optimistic.Bottom line: dive-y in the good ways with quality entertainment.
<review# 1951,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2008,2/20/2009,458,1067,7,11,8>There are several things working in favor of this store:1. Great Location: You can't beat the convenience of being located near Perimeter Mall in the Perimeter Place shopping center (near Super Target).2. Large Selection: The store is pretty small and both walls are covered by bottles of wine!  Many different types and within all budgets.3. CHEAP: Did I mention they have great specials?? My current favorite is the 6/$50.  Yes, 6 bottles of wine (pre-selected, but still tasty and a nice variety) for $50.  Normally they do a 6/$60 deal, so I might have just gotten lucky the past few times.4. Courteous Employees: Everyone here is very nice and they are definitely run by a small business owner who knows how to treat his customers.  I appreciate that (even though I almost wish they were a little more pushy because I sometimes get a little undecided when considering new wines... just make me buy it already!).As some of my fellow Yelpers have said, this is the type of place that you almost stumble across, although it's not one that you should miss.  Check them out the next time you're in the area (or if you want a great deal on lots of good wine).
<review# 1952,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2008,2/19/2009,440,453,8,9,10>You know when you go to your family reunion and have that older cousin/uncle thats one of the coolest mf's you have ever met, but he doesnt really try?Thats what Harlem Bar is.I absolutely love this spot. Its small as hell, but always has such a great energy about it.The service is pretty good considering how busy this place gets on the weekend.  I am not sure if they take reservations, but if you just want to stop in on a weekend night expect a 30 minute wait, and because the spot is so small, expect that wait to be outside, pimpin.The cool thing is, that you meet some of the most interesting ppl outside of the restaurant, and its pretty easy to strike up conversation with other folks looking to try to capture the flavor of this place too.The drinks are strong/potent, so you wont be disappointed in that regard.The spot is intimate, I cant stress that enough.  Most nights they have a DJ there that spins classic sh--..  So you'll get a mix of some Talib Kweli, Snoop and Lauryn Hill.  I love it because you stay jammin in this place.The food for the most part is pretty damn good, and definitely a formidable option for soul food in the city.Wings--- goodFried chicken--- goodCatfish-- pretty goodGreens-- tastyMac & cheese- outstandingI love the flavor of this place ...in more ways than one.
<review# 1953,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2009,2/17/2009,817,996,4,6,5>Cluck! Cluck Cluck!! CLUCKKKKK!!!The Crazy Chicken place has been on my to-try list for awhile now, in the really-want-to-try-but-it's-not-urgent section, and I finally did last night. The Boy picked up dinner for him, the Cool Roommate, and me, and it was sooo (yes, three o's-worth) delicious! We got way too much chicken for three people, but we almost ate it all (Mr. Big did get a little, I will confess - I have never seen that dog eat anything so fast. If his stomach wasn't so tiny, I'd have given into his pleading eyes and put some more out for him.). It was juicy, flavorful and just all-around perfect.The boys loved all the sides- mashed potatoes, refried beans and rice. I don't dig the first two, but I loved the mexican-style rice- YUM. The sauces were big hits with them, too; they noted that the spicy avocado sauce was quite spicy, so make a note of that depending on your tolerance for such.I will definitely be visiting El Pollo Loco again. Two thumbs up!
<review# 1954,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2008,2/16/2009,192,123,12,13,11>No matter what I'll love this place. For as long as I've known about it, MJQ has prided itself on playing classic rap. Things have totally changed with time. MJQ was bumping some of the hits that still frequently bless my ears in my cd player-less car, the latest Jay Z, T.I. some songs I'm sure you'd have to have purchased the cd to really know what it was and I'm still not sure where Nirvana came from but hey everyone has to love a little 'Teen Spirit' and it never fails that the DJ will put on my slow jam "Kissing Game" , I think I've had the pleasure of visiting MJQ about 5 or 6 times and this is one song that I can ALWAYS look forward to hearing.I always forget that this place has the other room in the back corner because I'm always dazed after hours of being subjected to second hand smoke from cancer sticks and rancid herb, I'm also sucked into watching that ONE GUY who has to show everyone the moves he practiced the night before.MJQ is the type of place that you just have to accept for what it is, a hole in the wall or ground, with cheap drinks and the best music.
<review# 1955,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2008,2/15/2009,844,479,16,12,11>Alright, this place is NOTHING like the Pink Pony.. BUT definitely a "Must-See."There sure are plenty of great reviews on the Clermont already.. but I need to add a little something.  The first time I went to the Clermont, I was with 2 friends.  One who had not been there, like I, and the other who had been there.  Since we were Clermont-virgins, our friend who had been there bought us a lap dance from Porsche (I don't think she gets the credit she deserves, being outshined by Blondie all the time).   Porsche started out with some conversation.. she told us about her grandkids and mentioned "I'm the oldest gal here!  I just turned 60 last month."So, Porsche gave us a lap dance.. and there are just not enough words in the English language to appropriately describe those few moments.Porsche was wearing a "Little Red Riding Hood" outfit which conveniently had elastic around the neck - for easy flashing - which Porsche took advantage of.  Then she lifted up her skirt and said "Look at my peach cobbler, all you need is a spoon and some ice cream!"  (I am 100% serious.. not exaggerating.)Anyway.. Porsche is forever ingrained in my mind and I have a great story for the rest of my life.  Definitely a good time.. and I've been back several times since then!  No more lap dances for me, though ;)In addition, I've seen Blondie, who of course crushes beer cans with her boobies.. and I've seen another young lady who will light your cigarette with her nipple.. seriously.In addition to the group of lovely ladies at the Clermont, there is karaoke occasionally.. and of course a full bar.  The Clermont Lounge is located at the bottom of the Clermont Hotel, in the back.  You have to take a big set of stairs to get down there.. I'm not sure if there's any other way.During the week, there is not always a cover, but on the weekends, there is a good chance you will have to pay $5 or $10 to get in.I try to take all my out-of-towners to Clermont because it's sure to provide some great memories..
<review# 1956,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/26/2008,2/14/2009,527,87,11,7,4>I must admit - before last night I was a virgin. I was untouched, clean and full of hope.  Before this gets out of hand, I'm referring to fondue, you dirty boy.You'd think, as a child of the 70s, fondue would be as familiar to me as TAB, H.R. Puffenstuff and the Buggle's "Video Killed the Radio Star, " but, no, my mother eschewed such trends and I was left behind.So, last night, the Melting Pot was actually a fun little surprise. Our server was VERY knowledge about the process which, I must admit, was a bit overwheling - cooking styles, sauces, meats, oh, my!  But, after a few dips in the cooking oil pool, I got the hang of it - certainly not rocket science.  Just make sure you cook it thoroughly (1 minute for shrimp, 1.5 for steak, 2 for pork - they really should have timers on the tables, otherwise, you just have to guess).I'm sold - I will go again; great place to take your folks or someone you don't have a lot in common with (first date) - the process gives you something to talk about. A little on the pricey side, tho, but will all this fondue fun, I barely noticed.
<review# 1957,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2009,2/13/2009,196,345,36,30,29>I feel like there's something a little bit WRONG with Underground's low rating.  I am certainly not begrudging any of you for disliking the Underground. I'm just disappointed that nobody seems to appreciate that it is a fascinating place that allows easy access to a real and legitimate cultural segment of Atlanta.  Is that we're all snobby? Intimidated? Is it that this particular culture hasn't caught on as "cool" the way, for example, Buford Highway neighborhoods/restaurants are perceived? Is Underground really "what's wrong with the ATL"?I think there may be some closed-mindedness going on here, but that's not why I'm writing this.  I'm writing this to tell you why I personally LOVE Underground Atlanta.  Reason number 1: Orange Julius.  These used to be in EVERY MALL and now they're a real rarity. The "dated" theme, evidenced by the unbelievably inadequate 90's mall food court, is one of the criticisms I hear most. But come on. You miss the 90's sometimes. Swing by to pick up a refreshing mix of orange slush and half and half and admit it. Reason number 2: The Black heritage kiosks. Let's just say I own some Obama T-shirts. Plus, they raise tons of fascinating sociological questions in my mind. I once saw a T-shirt that said "I [heart] Black People," and spent the rest of the afternoon wondering if that T-shirt was meant for Black people or non-Black people, and what would happen if I bought one and wore it around.Reason number 3: The performers. Again, lots of dated, sometimes painful music here, but I enjoy the nostalgia. I also include the tarot card readers in this.Reason number 4: The Braves Shuttle, and the fact that you have to walk ALL THE WAY THROUGH Underground Atlanta to get to it.Reason number 5: The rural tourists. Some of my most amusing people watching has been observing these country out-of-town folk meandering around Underground Atlanta. Then I think back to when my family came here when I was 14, and how I was one of them once. Trippy!Reason number 6: The bargain shopping. You can find some decent shoes once in awhile, There are some stretchy tops that fit me alright. Low quality, might not last forever, but hey.Reason number 7: The disorientation. It's underground, it's confusing, you can only get in through Kenny's Alley at night, and I have a bad sense of direction to begin with.OK so I just named a lot of the things you probably hate, and said I loved them. So I haven't extoled Underground's virtues so much as convinced everyone I'm a weirdo. Even so, take a second look next time. There is much to enjoy.
<review# 1958,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2009,2/11/2009,69,132,5,6,11>So my first visit was for trivia and I was very impressed.  I had a yummy grilled cheese and fried okra and I'm still lusting after Scott's fried corn.  Respectable beer selection and very reasonable prices.  I don't remember the exact special, but I was sipping grape vodka and sprite all night for.. pretty sure under 5 bucks.       As the others have said, trivia was fun and our server was awesome.  We had a pretty big party of at least 10 and she handled us like we weren't but a wee party of 4.  Very friendly and attentive.    This is pretty much the perfect spot to do a casual dinner and a few beers.  My kind of place and I'll definitely be back.
<review# 1959,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/22/2008,2/10/2009,53,172,5,5,6>Attended a special event here last night.   I'm not a beer fan, but I actually like the Blue brew they make (also the Festive was pretty good with a hint of cinnamon & chocolate).  The tour was interesting.  For some reason I didn't think they bottled and brewed all their beer at this Midtown location, but they actually do.   It was a good place for a large group and we got to sample as much beer as we wanted to.  The only reason I haven't given it 5 stars is that they don't serve food.
<review# 1960,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/20/2008,2/9/2009,245,510,8,15,11>Finally got to try Frank Ma's new resto with a group of yelpers.  Kit set up a price fixe menu and the food starting coming out...for quite a while.  Esther and I were looking forward to this because it seems that for the most part, when people review Frank Ma it is always the same dishes:  Fish in hot oil, 3 cup chicken, soup dumplings, etc.  We were anxious to see what else he had on his plate and if other dishes were 4 or 5 star worthy.I would say I walked out thinking it was a mixed bag but still one of the better chinese restos in Atlanta.We started out with some cold apps:  chicken, fish and duck.  My favorite out of that grouping was the duck which had great flavor, although cold meats are not my favorite.  Everything was good, not great though.  Next came the soup which was also pretty good because it didn't have an overwhelming flavor like some do...good, not great.The order of food from that point on is a blur.  Some of the highlights and lowlights:Highlight:  Frank Ma deservedly gets props for his pan fried dumplings.  Light shells with ample filling, cooked to perfection.  This is one of my Frank Ma favorites.Lowlight:  I am not thrilled with his soup dumplings like others are.  There is an o.k. amount of soup inside, but they are pretty bland even with a little soy sauce over them.Highlight:  Scallion pancake, amply stuffed with goodies and fried to perfection.Lowlight:  Chinese Pizza.  Huh?  Well...uh.  Yeah.  No comment (from the NY Pizza Guy).Highlight:  Fish in hot oil.  This is another of my Frank Ma favorites.  Chunks of filet in a tasty oil although not very 'spicy' hot.  I think the cilantro does it for me though.  I even grabbed the leftovers of this dish and finished that off in no time the next day.Lowlight:  Some type of beef.  Not sure what kind of beef, but I definitely had a beef with the beef because it was chewy and not worthy of taking up room on my plate.Other quick hits:I generally like the 3 cup chicken, but I wouldn't order it again.  It does have great flavor, but quite Frankmaly (ohhhhh) it is just too difficult to eat with the small bones that are in it.Pork belly with leeks is another Frank Ma favorite of mine.  What can I say?  Can you really go wrong with pork belly?  I don't think so!Tofu - I actually ate it.  I hate tofu.  But it wasn't all that bad actually.  It went in my mouth and that is a feat in itself that may never be repeated from this day forward.Snow pea shoots - yeeeaaahhhh man were these good.  I could have ate the whole plate but didn't want to be a yelp glutton.Finally, the shrimp.  The shrimp was staring at me.  I don't like my food staring at me.  While others say to bite the head off and eat it to make it not stare at you, I choose to carefully place the staring head onto my plate and eat the rest.  While I was not as bold as other by eating heads and tails, it was fried perfectly and very tasty.  I did eat the legs though which was adventurous enough for this round eye.I won't complain if someone wants to go back to Ma's, but my bookmark list is getting rather huge and it's time to start eating.It was also great to meet a bunch of yelpers that I felt like I already knew through words and pics.  Thanks for setting it up Kit!
<review# 1961,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2008,2/8/2009,122,91,4,8,6>Free parking + good food + friendly people + good music = a good time for me. I went to hear fellow Yelper Talib spin at Cru and ended up having a ball, despite the few customers and rolling solo. I perched myself at the bar and proceeded to have a fabulous foodie conversation with bartender Jim and chef Chris, wear we touched upon Top Chef and the Dekalb Famer's market. Chris even let me sample some Logan Mill grits (did not know how to-die-for grits could be) and I will definitely be back to experience them as part of the Cru breakfast--served at night. I found the menu impressive, selections like the veal sliders sounded satisfying with a twist. I found my Riesling to be a little pricey at $9.50, but I should know to ask first from now on. This is not a place I would recommend if you need a crowd to have a good time. Take a honey or your entourage and enjoy the space, the music, the food and each other.
<review# 1962,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2008,2/7/2009,216,364,5,6,6>As the newest pub to open up in EAV, I was pretty happy with my visit.  Nice bar area, some large booths in the dining room, plus they had no problem seating our group of 10.  Our server was friendly and attentive.The menu was pretty limited since they've just opened.  We ordered the "trailer park salsa" as an appetizer since the description of sliced hot dogs in salsa was too good to miss out on.  My only complaint was there weren't enough fritos to go with the dip.  My entree was the fried soft-shell crab sandwich.  It was good, but I wasn't a fan of the jalepeno marmalade spread.  It was too sweet, and there was no hint of spiciness.  I just scraped it off and poured hot sauce on the sandwich.  The crab was yummy - no too greasy.  My fiance had a mahi sandwich, but with a strange addition of goat cheese.  I found it too strong for such a delicate fish.  Good selection of beers, plus video games and foosball.  Overall, a fun place to go with friends.  Can't wait until they get their patio furniture in - the patio is huge and it will be perfect in the evenings!
<review# 1963,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2008,2/6/2009,35,125,6,4,4>This place was pretty awesome; we had a giant party all eating each other's stuff and trying everything.  I ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala which was *aaaaawesome.*  The Butter Chicken was pretty great, and the Desi Wings were basically Indian-style hot wings.  Awesome.   Naan was delicious and filling.  I also had a giant bottle of decent lager called ROYAL CHALLENGE.  I am proud to say I met that challenge head on and conquered it.It was pretty seriously crowded on a Saturday, and I'd say 2/3rds to 3/4ths of the crowd was Indian, so that's probably a good sign.  Service might have been slow if we'd been paying attention, but we had a large enough group that we stayed entertained.Apparently they have belly dancing and whatnot most saturdays, but we got c-blocked by someone having a birthday party in the back room.  I hope they got rocks - I totally wanted to see some gyrating ladies.
<review# 1964,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2008,2/5/2009,220,93,12,10,11>Divey, crowded Karaoke.  I can't complain.  I stood on the second level and overlooked a cute bartender pouring $2 tequila shots into the mouths of eager patrons while everyone cheered.  I ran down and practiced and executed an elaborate dance sequence to Tina's Proud Mary.  I belted out garbled lyrics to every barely recognizable tune I heard.  The drinks were stout and everyone from the doorman to the girl asking for my number called me, "Sweetie."  A good time was had by all.
<review# 1965,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2008,2/4/2009,12,30,1,8,9>This gym is really great especially if you are comparing it to the LA Fitness, Crunch and Ballys and other big box gyms. The Loft style is clean and definitely fits in at its Midtown location. There are lots of free weights and resistance training options as well as machines. The bathrooms are clean and provide toiletries to freshen up with. The memberships are limited which makes it easy to keep your heart rate up while alternating movements.I have never attended a class, so I cannot say how good they are. The only complaint that I have is the music, the only music I ever hear is trance or techno.....which gets really annoying.
<review# 1966,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/15/2008,2/3/2009,174,396,10,14,10>I was warned in advance about some of the eccentricities of this establishment's owner.   As a result, I knew not to barge in and demand service, or to expect to wait less than an hour or two to be served.  This enabled me to avoid incurring Ann's wrath on either occasion that I visited Ann's Snack Bar.  On one of the occasions I ate there, I was with a party of 8 or so people, and we were ordering our food to go.  I waited outside the entire time, and had the privilege of watching Ann scream at (and then kick out) one woman who copped an attitude about the wait.  I also saw her yell at another person to get off her "lawn" because he was loitering in the parking lot.  Both times, Miss Ann was just as nice as pie when I came to the register to pay for my food.  The second time, she was in a very happy mood because it was her 30th anniversary of being in business.  But in general, if you follow her rules, Miss Ann will treat you right.  The second time I ate at Ann's Snack Bar, I had the pleasure of sitting at the counter and watching her cook my meal.  This was quite an experience and really made my mouth water.  If you're on a diet, this is not the place for you--she deep fries her bacon.  I didn't even know that was possible.The burger itself was delicious and huge.  I estimate that it had about 2 pounds of beef.  It wasn't the best burger I've ever eaten (I like the Vortex better), but it was good.  I also liked the fries, which appeared to be your standard frozen crinkle cuts, but tasted like heaven after waiting for two hours and smelling all the food that was cooking.  I wouldn't eat here every day, but it was definitely worth the experience.
<review# 1967,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2009,2/1/2009,194,166,16,10,8>Tasty China is officially my favorite place for lunch.  It knocked Lemongrass Thai down to second place.  It just blows my mind how I can get so much food for only $5.  A huge plate of Kung Pao or General's Chicken with a huge bowl of fried rice, a side of hot and sour soup plus a plate of wontons. My goodness!  Whenever I go I only eat about a third of my order and leave with a takeout box as if I never even touched my food.Tasty China blows many other Chinese places out of the water because they offer authentic Szechuan-style cooking. I've tried the hot and numbing beef rolls and they are definitely ... hot and numbing.  I haven't tried any of the specialty dishes yet and normally stick to the "Americanized" menu.  Even still, I find the flavors very spot on and satisifying.The highlight of dining at Tasty China is definitely Miss Phuong who runs a tight ship and doesn't take any mess.  She comes off as mean, but she's really not.  She's just dedicated to exceptional service and making sure you enjoy your food.  Favorite conversations:Me:  "I'll take the General's Chicken and make it spicy."Phuong:  "It already comes spicy. You sure you want it extra spicy?"Me: "Yes, I love spicy food!"Phuong: *Slight neck roll* "Are you sure because if I bring it out, I'm not taking it back."Me: "Yes!"Friend: *In a playful manner* "Ma'am you hurt my feelings earlier when you looked mad at me."Phuong: "Men don't have feelings, only women."Friend: "So are you calling me a woman?"Phuong: "Yes, men don't have feelings, only women."Phuong: "Why didn't you pay for her?"Friend: "Because I'm cheap."Phuong: "Well at least he say he's cheap. If you cheap, say you cheap."Phuong is a trip! And Tasty China is a great find!
<review# 1968,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2008,1/31/2009,227,316,3,8,9>This is one of those hidden treasures.   It's secluded, off the highway and down a few narrow roads.  It's close to Stone Mountain but doesn't have all the "tourist-y" hoopla.  We hiked for several hours dipping in and out of heavily wooded areas to wide open spaces of granite outcroppings.  On our hike, we saw animal foot prints as well as massive trees which we could not resist climbing.  It was great!The park is not a busy as Sweetwater Creek or the Chattahoochee Nature preserve so, if you're looking for some quiet time to meditate and relax with nature, this is a great choice.
<review# 1969,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/2/2008,1/30/2009,44,76,6,7,7>How have I not reviewed Highland Bakery yet?  It earns a solid OMG from me.  I mean, their breakfast is just incredibly good.  The reason that they only get 4/5 stars from me?  Their portions are TOO big.  Yes, it's true.  They're enormous, and really not all that pricey.  I know a couple people (in particular one with the initials JW) that would love it here.  But for lil' ol' me?  I feel compelled by the whispering voice of my dear momma to eat it ALL (because there are starving kids in Africa, you know).  And then I feel ill.  Smaller portions = happier me.
<review# 1970,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2008,1/29/2009,212,240,12,10,9>It makes a big girl SCREEEAM.  This is a real bakery.  The pastries are to die for.  The Key lime pie, mmmmm good.  I purchased a box of assorted goodies, and gave them away as a gift.  The receipient was most grateful.  Remember this is a real bakery and you may want to call ahead to make sure they have what you want.  The LEMON BARS MMMMMMMMM daYUM.  I gotta go there right now, ENJOY!   If they made bread they could add a KILLER profit.  Also the sandwiches are good and I think they have free wifi.
<review# 1971,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/25/2008,1/26/2009,196,217,5,14,13>I went in looking for a kitten which I had seen on their website - which does seem to be updated regularly with available animals for adoption- but ended up falling in love with a 5 year old adult female cat instead and 5 months later I feel so fortunate to have her! Lucy is an absoute fantastic companion- smart, sweet and friendly to all who meet her. The facility is very clean, staffed by caring employees (many volunteers) and there are even socialization rooms where you can take your prospective kitty to see how he/ she reacts to you one on one. In fact, this is what changed my mind about the original kitten who did not act friendly at all, in fact she was a bit mean to me! :( I was preparing to leave when the volunteer recommended that I look at several other cats, especially adults who would be well suited to a one human/ one cat home as that is what I sought. Be prepared to spend a couple of hours at the AHS from start to finish including time to fill out a "lifestyle" questionaire and speak briefly with a staffer who will make sure that any pet will be going to a safe and stable home. The fees are very reasonable- less than $100 to adopt a spayed/ microchipped cat with a free initial visit to a local vet of your choice in order to have a professional evauate your new pet's health right away.Overall, a very positive experience, my only wish would be for the staffers to have or at least be able to release more information about the animals such as why they are there as in my case, I suspect that Lucy was released to the AHS from her former family because of poor litterbox habits and a sensitive stomach which caused some stress when I first adopted her and she was throwing up every food I tried- both of which have been eliminated with a proper diet and meticulous maintenance of an ultra-clean litterbox so that she wants to use it!
<review# 1972,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2009,1/25/2009,787,655,14,13,11>Apparently the left over fried chicken was so good even my cats ate pieces of it up!! And I definitely have to agree with all the previous reviewers, get the fried chicken! Going to eat here is like going to go eat at your favorite Auntie's house ( minus getting hit up for change on the way in and out of the restaurant.) I learned that homeless people who are supposedly starving would rather have a dollar, than my leftovers I tried to offer him. Hmph! I suppose he was on some sort of "liquid diet". Anyhow, back to the food which was amazing. The day that we were there they were packed for lunch, and I swear they gave my skinny Caucasian boyfriend the largest piece of chicken I had ever seen- It's kinda like your grandmother saying "here eat more/ you need more meat on your bones!" Which I found hilarious! We were served some table wine of the south (sweet tea), cornbread, Baked mac and cheese, collard greens (which he ate up before I could even taste!), and yams. All of which were delish! You can get orders to go, and they even give a 10% discount to students!
<review# 1973,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/24/2008,1/24/2009,367,374,5,9,9>Went here for lunch with friends on a lazy Sunday.. 4 people and we ordered a ton of food, and the bill came out to be 14.00/each, incl tip.. if that is not cheap I don't know what is.. everything tasted great, the steamed shrimp rice rolls were nice and firm in texture and wasn't mushy/over steamed like some Dim Sum places.. food was not oily, and everything was clean to the palate.  The place is a typical medium size Chinese place, where food is great, decor... well there is none..Come with a huge group of friends and explore the dim sum experience, there's nothing like it.. If you are a newbie at this I recommend:1) hakao2) Si mi3) shrimp steamed rice rolls4) Dacon radish cakes5)Roast duck.. it's dark good (my friend Adam R.. ate almost 1/2 a duck I think)7) if you are adventurous ask for the bowl of stomach, and innards, that are cooked in a great sauce.. w/ dacon radish.. it's so tasty..6). Egg custard to finish the meal..Service was great, food was beyond exceptional.. I think this is on my top list for Dim Sum for sure!
<review# 1974,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2009,1/23/2009,122,371,12,6,4>If North Point Mall and Phipps Plaza got married and had kids, they would look like Perimeter Mall. We're talking a good selection of everyday stuff (Macys/Dillards), mixed with a touch of hoity toity (Nordstroms), yet missing the trailer park (Sears and JC Penny).Pros:- Good mix of shops. My wife likes places like J Jill that you can't find in normal malls.- Above average food court (I miss Kamel's cafe though)- Great variety of out parcel restaurants- Parking deck- MARTA accessCons:- Traffic- Traffic- Traffic
<review# 1975,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2008,1/22/2009,17,64,7,9,6>I live next door to Sushi Huku. Literally, I can walk there, and I frequently do. As my first review on Yelp, I find it appropriate and necessary to review the place I ate at 4-5 nights a week for 2 months straight this past summer. I'm not kidding. 4-5 nights a week for 2 months. Yes, I am now broke. Yes, I had no life this summer. But no, I did not get mercury poisoning. I should note that I began eating there when the restaurant was changing owners, and prices were going up. I was unhappy about these developments, but I continued to go every night. I began by ordering the sashimi combo where the chef prepares a mixture of various fish. I suggest this if you are just getting your feet wet in sushi. Then I began ordering sushi and sashimi a la carte as well as trying their various raw rolls. The toro is excellent; the yellow tail, divine, and the squid is unfreakinbelievable. The prices are not the best in town, but the sushi chefs are kind and yell at you in only a way that Japanese sushi chefs will yell at you. The waitresses wear the cutest kimonos and socks with their flip flops as only the Japanese can. After I had been coming so frequently for nearly a month, the sushi chef who always prepared my food began helping me experiment (so don't be afraid to ask them to create something for you). I learned that Japanese mint is great mixed with squid...he even gave me samples for free after I joked that I should get some sort of frequent flier card. And try a halibut roll even if it's not on the menu... if it's fresh. I suggest Sushi Huku for those just getting into Sushi and for aficionados alike. Be sure to ask what is freshest that day (ask the sushi chefs if you can rather than the waitresses), drink the green tea, and of course have some gomeii (broiled spinach with sesame sauce!!).
<review# 1976,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2009,1/21/2009,193,304,5,13,8>When I first ate here I didn't know they have a secret authentic Chinese menu that you can (and must) request.  I ended up ordering the same jambong noodles and chachang noodles that most customers were eating.  I was so unimpressed I wanted to give this place two stars.  Half a year passed without another visit.Thanks to Blissful Glutton's recent report and a confirmation with the Chinese newspapers in the area, I was drawn back into trying out the secret menu.  This time I was very impressed.  There are about 50~60 items on the secret menu, most of them authentic Szechuan and most are not offered at ANY other Chinese restaurant in the area at this time.  Some I've never even seen or tasted while I lived in Asia.  Flavor and execution are great, but they don't really go for presentations too much.  If you liked Frank Ma's food at its best (think Ding Ho, NOT when he was at Frank Ma South), you must check out this place and order from the secret menu.    It's funny how they bothered to translate these dishes into English.  First of all, there is no existing English translation for so many of them.  And secondly, they didn't translate literally, instead just listed some ingredients.  It makes me chuckle.  Especially since some of the dishes have very imaginative Chinese names like "Saliva Chicken" and "Gray Hair".  I will gladly accompany you to a meal here and translate for you, fellow yelpers.      It's also funny how you get automatic kimchee and radish side dishes like at a Korean restaurant.  I will be returning for more food here soon, but some of the dishes I tried:  -Husband Wife Lung Slices is tender, thickly sliced, nutty and incredibly savory.  It's completely different than the version at Cafe 101, and I think much better.  It's one of their best dishes and you must try.  -Dan Dan Noodles, the dish for which every good chef has a unique recipe, is also a little nutty here, chewy (which I like), and not too spicy.  It's listed as an appetizer for like $8 but you can eat this alone as lunch.  It's the best DDN I had since Tasty China circa 2007.  -Kung Pao Kidney, this one is tender and lovely, and very similar to Frank Ma's version.  Sweeter than you would expect. -Braised (Shui Zhu) Beef, this authentic Szechuan staple is loaded with both SC hot pepper and SC peppercorns.  This is the dish to have if you like spicy.  -Mushroom Tofu, uses Chinese black mushroom instead of less flavorful (though tenderer) straw mushroom.  Love the sauce. -Salt Pepper Shrimp, this one was a dud.  Shrimps came with no head.  Breading was really thick.  The dish looks ugly and tastes bland.  Not very good.  -Seafood Tofu Bowl, this is not in a clay pot.  Loaded with seafood and the sauce is clear and thick not like the Cantonese soy sauce style.  Recommended.  Great head chef.  They lauded him on the Chinese newspapers.  Lots of Latino cooks in the kitchen helping him out.  Average service.    Seems like the only customers that order from the secret menu are the big round table all-Chinese parties.  These tables by the way badly need to have lazy Susan installed.  Many yelp reviews seem to have not tried the secret menu and I highly recommend reevaluate!
<review# 1977,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2008,1/20/2009,13,15,5,10,3>Here's my thoughts on Your Dekalb Farmers Market:Things to love about YDFM:- the prices on produce, ingredients, spices and herbs, meat and coffee are phenominal. We do our weekly shopping here. There's always something new to taste that's seasonal!- if you go early in the morning, grab a cup of a coffee for under $2. Wonderful. Also: their coffee in general is great. They will also make you peanut butter (or almond butter, should you prefer)- their flowers are great! perfect for adding a little love to your home if you can arrage them yourself.- Their baked goods are delish. As are their pre-prepaid salads. The tuna salad is awesome if you're a fan.- The lunch line is perfect for tasting their pre-prepared foods!- You can recycle there. wooo!- They take debit cards!But, ther'es also a few things that suck about the Farmer's Market:- If you go Sat or Sun after 11AM, it's packed. Packed with tourists, slow-moving sight-seers, Decaturites and lots of small children. This sucks if you're just trying to pick up a few things. It's like navigating a crowded arena during a concert.- If you buy baked goods that have been sitting for more than half-a-day, they taste like farmer's market. DO NOT buy the discounted bread, and look at the "prepared" date.- Anytime there is meat in a lasagna or ravioli, it's got tons of nutmeg. I like a tish of  nutmeg every now and again, but this is disgusting. - Do not buy packaged goods you can find at Publix/Kroger. They will be more expensive here. That goes for crackers, cereal and anything else.- The staff can be kinda ... unhappy. Especially the folks in the checkout.Other things to know about YDFM:- Cash and debit cards only. Cash only in the lunch line. There's a Suntrust ATM inside.- Grab a cart from the parking lot - they aren't at the front door.- It's cold! Bring a sweater.
<review# 1978,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2008,1/18/2009,4,5,6,5,5>WOW!!! I got to go to the family/friends event over the weekend and was blown away!!First and foremost, the frozen mojito is bar none, the best drink I've ever had. It is a must try. The frozen margarita was amazing too- so unique and flavorful!You have to try the beef skewers appetizer, it was so good. My husband had the fried tilapia taco and said it was phenomenal! I had the Mexican pizza and it was great- fresh avocado, really really delicious.This is exactly what VaHi needs, a cool "joint" you can hang out, be dressy or casual and have a great time! WE'LL BE BACK!
<review# 1979,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2008,1/17/2009,5,60,11,6,3>I have been here several times in my quest to find my angelpumpkin a suitable token of my undying love and steadfast commitment to our future in the form of a shiny rock.  I started at D. Geller, but found the used-car sales technique offputting ("What do I have to do to put you in this ring today?").  Next was Shane Company - I found the stripper wannabe saleperson to be less than confidence-inspiring, although she will certainly be a big hit in Vegas.   Also the stones there were highly included, and I was looking for a nearly flawless stone, since as we all know size doesn't matter.  Or at least is relative, when it comes to the 4Cs.So I ended up at Solomon Brothers, recalling the litany of radio jewelry commercials and ticking them off one by one.  The store is PITA to get to - in Tower Place, meaning you have to navigate the maze of Buckhead construction and buildinig security. But once there I was pleasantly surprised.  Ivan Solomon, the owner, showed me several stones in my price range that were of much higher quality than what I'd seen at Shane and D. Geller.  After several trips I settled on a rock to represent my love... and my love was well pleased with it.  Note that the selection seems to turnover quickly, since the store seems to sell to other wholesalers and thus I recommended making a quicker decision than I did (on the stone, not the love...).  They have stones from $3000 to $300,000 so there's bound to be something in your price range.  Solomon Brothers is definitely worth the foray into Buckhead, and remember to ask them to validate your parking...
<review# 1980,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/23/2008,1/16/2009,688,73,31,9,12>I EAT DEAD ANIMALS FOR BREAKFAST, lunch, dinner and everything in between. I eat them awake, asleep, while driving - I'd eat them in the shower if I could get away with it. Few things are better than having your food look back at you, the entire head, roasted with a frozen grin; while someone saws off a slice of cheek and passes it around the table. Once I went vegetarian for six months straight. You know what I ate? French fries, cake, bread, cheese pizza - everything that was neither meat, nor vegetable. Without that muscle, that fat, and sometimes the crunching bones, legumes just don't give me what I need, what I crave. Vegetables don't properly get stuck in my teeth. Muscle fibers hang on for dear life, wedging themselves between molars to avoid that final acid digestion. Sure I can fill my stomach with plants but I won't be satisfied. I'm a freakin samurai and something needs to die in order for me to feel content. (Well... only when I lose my Zen.) Green Sprout does not serve meat.Sure, their menu 'says' beef, or chicken, or fish - but no. Green Sprout does not serve meat. So go ahead, order your orange beef. Order your sesame chicken. Order as if they actually do serve meat. Pretend the tofu is going to give you that feeling of tearing into flesh. Pretend the texture comes close, as if tofu could ever mimic meat from the best rice fed cows drunk on saki.Give up. Make your vegetarian girlfriend happy for once and actually go to a 'vegetarian' restaurant. Oh, when the food arrives after a short wait, take that bite. Push the vegetables aside and go for that fake meat. Come on, it can't touch the real stuff, why even pretend? Just get it over with. Pop one of those chik-pattie wannabes into your mouth and move on.Okay, I'll admit it, the fake meat is pretty good here. It's so good that it doesn't even taste like meat. In fact, considering that many vegetarians are vegetarian not for ethical reasons, but because they just don't like the taste and texture of meat, this is perfect - for them. Sure it's not kobe beef, or free range fowl, or Alaskan wild salmon, but that's okay. We're giving the wildlife a break today.Come here often enough and they'll remember you. Something Green Sprout has over Top Spice and Ru-Sans (the other two restaurants above and next door) is that the people here will get to know you if give them a chance, if you want to know them. Overhearing the server talk to the other tables, half of the menu should be off limits. Stick with the basics. Stick with stuff you'll find at nearly every other regular chinese restaurant. The fake meat here is made up of different types of tofu, prepared in several ways using simple tricks such as freezing, and drying and switching it out with pork (I wish). Giving it less of a tofu texture and more of a... meat substitute texture.Green Sprout is an odd restaurant to me. I understand what they're doing, but why do it? I just don't get it. But don't get me wrong, the food here is good, I just wish it had been something that could fight back. Pigs can fight back right? Chickens? Salmon? Sure they can. Um. Nevermind.
<review# 1981,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/7/2008,1/14/2009,343,405,30,21,14>Seriously Atlanta H&M, you need to rename yourself G&G&G which stands for Girls, Gays and Ghetto.  It was definitely the most interesting and diverse clientele that I have seen, which makes it exciting and so worth a trip to this location.  Oh, there were a few straight guys and I loved seeing the lost scared look on their faces upon entering the store...hahahaha...maybe I will youtube it!Again I don't understand why H&M did not research Atlanta a little bit more.  I mean I completely understand the huge Womens section, but I was expecting a HUGE Mens section and was left disappointed.  Seriously, you put a kids section in Atlanta?  Could you not have moved this division to Alpharetta?  How about you pack all the kids stuff up and ship it to the Mall of Georgia where I hear you are opening a third location?  It just shocks me that all the Mens clothing are the basic staples (do I really need 5 of the same shirts but in different colors?), the crappy rip-off of Hollister items, and then some new 80's wave fashion that should have been left in the 80's.  It was like a sick combo of the Gap, Abercrombie and Urban Outfitters!  Where's the kick butt Suit division, the athletic gear or even the work clothes that beat out Express anyday?  C'mon where are the clothes that the hot guy in your store ads (behind the cash registers) are wearing!?  Hello...seriously, just hire me as your buyer and I will get this store to be your number one sales in the U.S.!I was also shocked about the lines to the fitting room.  I mean it was a Wednesday night and there were major lines everywhere.  Here is a tip:  GET A SIZE LARGER THAN WHAT YOU NORMALLY WEAR!!!  FOR SOME OF YOU GET TWO SIZES, BECAUSE YOU SHOULD NOT BE WEARING THE SIZE YOU HAVE ON RIGHT NOW AND NO BOOTIE SHORTS ARE NEVER IN!  Hopefully that will help on getting the lines a bit smaller than they are now.  Anyways, glad to see you are finally in Atlanta...now just re-research your market and add more guys stuff and take the childrens area out!!!  One more thing...so you have this competition of people designing clothes on those SIMS games?  Seriously...does anyone know of a video game player that plays role playing games that actually dresses well?  Research H&M....RESEARCH!!!!
<review# 1982,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2008,1/13/2009,59,126,1,7,6>I could go on for a long time about this place, and I did here: eatitatlanta.com/2008/12So quick overview:- The service is the best in town, and some of the best you will ever see. - It's an incredible dining EXPERIENCE, a meal you can make a night out of- The food was cooked perfectly, and there was tons of it- The space is elegant, very impressive, not really "intimate", more lively (at least on the night before the SEC championship)- The mozzarella appetizer special was incredible. - Best Italian experience (and maybe food) in Atlanta.
<review# 1983,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2008,1/12/2009,50,22,5,7,6>If you knew me personally, you'd soon learn that food excites me a little.  Okay, it excites me a lot.  I was in the worst of moods one Sunday morning because my friend dragged me to Midtown to wait for 2 hours to have brunch at some breakfast place named "The Flying Biscuit."  I had heard of it, but I found it hard to believe there was a breakfast place better than my beloved Cracker Barrel (I'll admit that I am a wee bit resistant to change).As soon as I sat down, I noticed they had Iced Chai Lattes on their menu.  The bad mood instantly disappeared.  I took one sip of it, and then two, and then it was gone and I needed another one--it was that good.  And by then I had started reading the menu.  It was like Christmas.  I felt giggly and overwhelmed--I had no idea what to order because EVERYTHING made my mouth water.  I don't even remember what I finally settled on ordering;  all I remember is that it was damn good, and after I was finished I started eating off my friend's plate too.  And her food was delicious too.  And the grits were so, so good.  I'm not from the South so it takes a lot for me to actually enjoy grits.  Apparently, it takes a little bit of white cheddar cheese specifically, because that's what these were whipped with.  And the biscuits!  They were definitely good enough for a place named after them.  And don't forget the bacon--I usually hate turkey substitutes, but I actually really enjoyed the turkey bacon... and felt slightly less guilty at the end of the meal.After my gluttonous rampage, I had a chance to look around the place.  It has a really nice vibe to it.  Very chill, artsy, happy... it actually kind of reminded me of a place I'd find back in Portland, where I'm from.  The servers were all interesting-looking (I don't mean that in a bad way, honestly, I just don't have a better way of putting it), and they gave great service too.The Flying Biscuit was well worth the 2 hour wait.
<review# 1984,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2008,1/11/2009,63,63,5,6,5>I've been holding my breath, hoping that the not-so-great experience we had at Shaun's for our anniversary back in October was a fluke. I'm pleased to say that I'm glad we gave you a second chance last night, Mr. Doty!I fell in love with Shaun Doty through his menu at Table 1280, and I was more than a little disappointed when our first trip to his eponymous establishment was less-than-stellar (to say the least), all of our friends love this place and keep raving, so we gave it a second shot -- this time on Friday night instead of a Sunday (when the service was mediocre, we waited for ages for our drinks and each course and our food came out cold -- my shrimp and grits were kind of rubbery. Yuck! We got the impression that perhaps there was someone in the restaurant more important than us.).I grabbed a reservation on OpenTable yesterday afternoon for that evening on a whim. I love restaurants that are on OpenTable as I have a weird phobia of calling strangers on the phone. We parked on the street (no need to tip the valet!), I gave the host our name for our 7:15 reservation, and we were seated immediately way back in the cozy dining area past the restrooms which I didn't even realize existed the first time we ate here. Our table was directly under a sort of ominous, though quite lovely metal sculpture of autumn leaves. The effect of the art in the simple, masculine room was really nice, and the room was very romantic and intimate.We were a bit dismayed that we had the very same server from our first visit, but her perky blondeness was the only similarity between the two trips. We ordered cocktails -- him, the Ruby Red Eye, and me a concoction of pine-flavored liquer, salt, pepper and gin (I think) whose name I don't recall. I'm clearly a sucker for the bizarre cocktails. It was really very tasty and didn't make me think of cleaning the kitchen floor in any way.We noted immediately how many duck dishes were on last night's menu...a good thing since the Boy loves duck. It made me wonder if they have to prepare so much of it to use up the rest of the duck in whose fat they cook their frites? Anyway, no complaints here. He had the duck sausage bangers and mash which were really solid with just the right amount of spice. I was intrigued by the mustard in the mashed potatoes as well -- a well-constructed dish. I had the fish and chips, and experienced the food orgasm I'd been hoping for from the duck-fat fries that everyone has been raving about. I also really liked the tartar sauce, and I actually hate tartar sauce and anything generally resembling mayonnaise.We finished off our meal with a late harvest Zin for him and a limoncello for me. We also feasted on people watching -- I have a nasty habit of creating complex stories about the people who are seated near us in restaurants. Last night's was a particularly amusing tale of a first date going very badly. Good times.We got out of there for about $90, including the tip, which seemed utterly reasonable to me for a restaurant that my brain puts in the "special occasion" category.Keep this up, Mr. Doty, and you might earn back that star you lost on a bad first impression!
<review# 1985,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/24/2008,1/10/2009,5,14,4,5,7>Whether like me, an average city boy who like to try new things and go way beyond the ordinary or someone who likes to stick to what they know, you will have an amazing experience at The Canoe. First of all I love how it is hidden away from the road. Canoe does a great job of making you feel exclusive. They start the experience off with valet parking. The staff is great. I especially like the formal atmosphere. Remember the part about trying something new... I had the roasted quail. I was looking for something different and ended up finding one of my favorite foods. If your looking at the screen with a weird face trust me that exactly how my babe looked at me when I ordered it but once we tasted it quail became the new chicken. If you have a special someone take them to Canoe... Bottom line. I did and now we have a memory that will last a life time. Indulge and enjoy
<review# 1986,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/7/2008,1/8/2009,153,307,10,7,6>so me and my friend had heard lots of good things about whole foods hot bar...so we opted to go there for lunch today.We went straight to the bbq section and got the bbq baked beans, pulled pork, and honey chicken wings......we poured bbq sauce all over it and headed for the checkout line.....kinda scared because its 8.99lb.My meal was only 6.60.....so I was happy! we sat down in the booths they have by the checkout and ate our beans.......EWWWWW....they were so nasty...i started to think those yelpers that said the food taste better than they look were right.....so on to the pulled pork with bbq sauce.....MMMMMHHHHH DELISH.....i looked at my friend and was like "i can't even lie this pork is bomb"...then we bit into our honey chicken wings.....and once again mhhhhh....DELISH...he was like what are these...they are sooo good....so needless to say i will be back to get the honey chicken wings and pulled pork somthered in their BOMB bbq sauce. I also would like to try their pizza......:)they are too pricey though!
<review# 1987,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2008,1/7/2009,60,152,5,5,5>I'm so glad to see something back in this cool space where Toast once lived.I visited Pint & Plate yesterday for happy hour and everyone in my group was very pleasantly surprised by the affordable prices!  A great burger or sandwich on toasted fococcia bread for $8.50 or so?  Also, I was told that the $3 pint was great. (I'm not a beer drinker).  There wasn't much of a crowd, but as we were leaving around 7:00 things were picking up.  Several people were playing Connect Four at the bar and some larger groups had come in.  PS if you're looking for a space to accomodate a birthday party, the waiters were really sweet to a group that sat near us...they brought out a cake that the party had helped serve & everything.We'll definitely be going back to this spot and hopefully when it's warmer (why is it 35 in April?) the patio will be great.
<review# 1988,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2008,1/6/2009,7,8,6,12,12>I am not ashamed to say I eat here several times a week. It is one of my first suggestions when asked "Where does food come from" or "Where should we go for lunch." Sometimes the service can be overwhelmed or aloof, but it's never really affected my experience. I sometimes eat here alone, and am never bothered by creeps, unless they're my friends who are sitting at the bar while I try to sneak into the back. Sometimes it is really smoky, but not during the day. The beer list here rivals the brickstore, and the staff is really knowledgeable. I don't usually come here to drink -- I come here for the food. The food is GOOD. Especially the specials. I've never been dissatisfied with a special, and the only time I was not completely excited and enthusiastic was the beef stroganoff, but maybe i just wasn't in the mood for it. That said, the house-made noodles were the most perfectly textured noodles I've ever tasted, and very fresh. The stand-by here for me is the Shrimp BLT, it's satisfying but still cool and refreshing -- the jicama is the best part. I usually have the arugula salad on the side, it is so perfect (occasionally overdressed but not smothered fortunately) . The banana split is pretty crave-able as well as the apple beignets ("There's no shame in two desserts," said the server). Last night I had a soup that blew my mind. Once again, another enticing special: I wanted something comforting and mild, not too filling, so I went for the cauliflower soup. "Shaved Almonds with Beer Marshmallow," said the heading. BEER MARSHMALLOW?!? What's a beer marshmallow? The server explained to me that it was a house-made whipped marshmallow flavored with beer. I ordered it, and immediately the fear was mounting. I questioned my choice -- was I out of my mind? My palms became sweaty as one of the kitchen staff brought a platter to me with a bowl and what looked like a Belgian beer glass full of milk. He whispered with the anticipation of a child awaiting a report card, "cauliflower soup?" "Oh, yeah," I somehow choked out. He set the bowl down. Its bottom was covered by shaved almonds. Atop them was a fluffy, slimy, white blob. He poured the contents of the beer glass over it and instructed that I enjoy. I scooped out a heaping spoonful of the frothy slime and slurped. It was cool, sweet, mild, pleasant, heavenly. La Chouffe! In Marshmallow form! The soup was delicate, satisfying, and perky with fresh parsley leaves. i savored the last little floating frothy lump with a scoop of the almonds from the bottom -- rich creamy goodness. I am amazed that such a place exists in L5P. I feel special
<review# 1989,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2008,1/5/2009,10,29,4,8,5>I have a new favorite bar.  It's called Flip Flops.  It's across the street from Opera.  The first time I walked into this place, "Banditos" by The Refreshments was playing.  I immediately had a good feeling about this place.  It's like a really good house party.  Sometimes they have live acoustic music downstairs.  When they don't they have good music playing.  They have dance music upstairs.  They have another bar upstairs.  It's like a mix between CJ's Landing and Twisted Taco.  I had to laugh at all the girls standing in a long line wearing dresses on a chilly night to get into Opera while we all were drinking and having fun over at Flip Flops.My favorite things about this place:It's a very casual place.The decor is great.It's not too crowded yet.It has an attractive crowd.
<review# 1990,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2008,1/4/2009,177,122,4,10,9>This theater is our first pick if we're in the mood to catch the latest flick. I found that the tickets are cheaper than any other theater in Atlanta ($7) and if you have a student i.d they run you a $1 or so less. Much better than $9 and $8.50 with a student i.d. What a rip off at any other theater. I love the way the seating itself is set up too. Instead of theater seats you've got comfy chairs to twist and turn in with a table either situated in front of you or next to you. Great if you've missed dinner or just want to grab a bite to eat while you watch the movie. Yes, if you havent caught on, they serve food. It isn't the best food, but it'll do considering it's coming from a movie theater. Possibly a microwave in the movie theater, but all the same. lol I would say though in reference to the seating, if you want to get a seat or any seat at all for that matter pre purchase your tix online and arrive early. I find the theater very charming, very affordable, and if you are feeling the grumbles in the tummy you can grab a bite to eat or even a brew if getting a buzz while watching a movie is your thing. Comfy seating, a little grub and brew, and a little less strain on the pockets compared to most theaters....what more could you ask for if you feel like heading out to watch a movie.
<review# 1991,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2008,1/3/2009,354,392,8,9,8>I knew my pal Murphy had been working on this place awhile, but when I walked in and saw how GORGEOUS the place was, I had to give him a weepy-eyed hug.  Bravo my friend!  I went on a Saturday night after a wedding and it was pretty packed, and happily with the old school regular MJQ kids (well, full-fledged adults that we are now, sigh)  so it felt like the good old days of MJQ before everyone and their mother found out about it.  I have a feeling those days are numbered for the Bookhouse, because once word of how amazing this place is gets out, it will definitely contribute more cars to the usually packed MJQ parking lot.  The drinks were good, the atmosphere cozy and beautiful, the two tiered outdoor patio is sooo cool!  Definitely a unique layout for Atlanta!  And there is no smoking inside (you wouldn't want to tar up the beautiful wood work and stained glass, now would you?)  so the lovely patio is where you can puff your heart out.And every Tuesday is Dr. Jacoby's Tiki Tuesday Therapy... a Polynesian inspired drink night.  So if Trader Vic's is too far/expensive, there is a new night for you to get Tiki-fied! The menu looks very good, but since I was already filled up from a wedding I just had fries and they were amazing!  I am definitely going to be here a lot, so I can soak up the beauty, chat with my old friends, and enjoy the patio before it gets cold.....and everyone else in Atlanta starts filling the place up!
<review# 1992,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/30/2008,1/2/2009,94,50,4,9,6>Now I've been to this place twice and I have to say that though the food is OK the service is really good.The first time we came here there was a DJ playing a random mix of music . . . loudly.  We looked past that and sat at the bar where the friendly and helpful staff assisted us in finding a wine to our liking.  There is a pretty good selection of wine, though I wish there were more that were by the glass.  The ones they do have by the glass are kept in a fancy cooler that keeps them open and fresh for longer.  We had a tasting that night of the Spicy Shrimp Chorizo flatbread . . .  for after all their tagline is "flatbread and wine".  It came out undercooked and pasty white without chorizo.  The nice manager noticed immediately that it was wrong and brought out another one.  This one was better, but the chorizo was not spicy as I associate with chorizo.I came back recently with a friend that wanted to try this place.  This time the DJ was playing old school jazz/lounge music - better, but still loud.  We had the Classic (pesto, tomato, and mozzarella) flatbread, the Turkey, Pear, and Brie flatbread, and the Urban salad.  Both flatbreads had decent flavor and toppings while the salad was good once I had the honey balsamic vinaigrette (it's tasted like oil) switched out with a walnut dressing (very yummy!).This place is a nice alternative to the other places in the plaza.  And if anything, the service will keep you coming - they really do try to make it an enjoyable experience for you.  They have been very accommodating to most requests that I've made.
<review# 1993,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2008,1/1/2009,13,8,8,11,11>FitWit ROCKS!You sign up for a "camp" that lasts six weeks, meeting 4x per week, plus one weekly "homework" assignment that you do on your own. There are locations in Grant Park and Oakhurst.I've been working out with FitWit Oakhurst since April of 2008. In the first camp, it was a struggle just to get through all six weeks, but now I can't imagine my life without it. There is nothing quite like a FitWit workout. The trainers are super friendly and encouraging, and they make you want to push harder and do better every day. The enthusiasm of the other campers makes things bearable, because after all, we're all in it together. After watching my body go through some rapid changes following the first and second camps (put some muscle on my puny arms, dropped my body fat percentage by about 3%), I quit my gym and committed to signing up for FitWit camps year-round. It's the best thing I've ever done for myself. I am stronger, fitter, faster, healthier, and happier, and definitely in the best shape of my life. Plus I sleep like a BABY.As if all that were not enough, I've made awesome new friends (you can really bond over those burpees), and by being a member of FitWit I'm also supporting the FitWit Foundation. The Foundation is a charity that helps combat childhood obesity and inequality in the community by providing free workouts and tutoring at local schools. They do great work, and are actively working to improve the lives of the people in the communities where we live. In the words of Dr. Steve Brule: "For your health!"
<review# 1994,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/25/2008,12/31/2008,36,20,8,9,7>Considering I live above this restaurant, you would think I would go there all the time, however tis not the case.The Tacos are really good, but a bit over priced for me. I am sorry but when I heard a new Mexican restaurant was coming into the development I live in, I got stoked! It was sort of like someone telling you how great a movie is, then you go and see it... and say "it wasn't that good at all". Everything is expectation based! My expectations....I was going to be able to eat cheese dip and salsa while drinking margaritas outside on a regular basis. I was thinking something closer to Taxco. It isn't like that at all.  With this said there tuna app was amazing. There house margaritas are some of the best I have ever had. BUT WHEN I ORDER CHIPS AND SALSA, and the waiter brings 6 chips and a shot glass full of salsa, and then has the nerve to charge more than a nickle it gets me fired up. You charge 2 dollars for two cents worth of food. BOOOOOOOOOOOO lime!Also the Chips and Guac includes a spoon full of guac and three chips. I was just hungry, and found out to fill my belly there, it was going to cost me $60,  Hey Lime, just some advice from a local patron. Have chips and salsa and cheese dip available, give me a basket of chips,  and a bowl of salsa/ cheese dip, if you did this I would order your ten dollar Margaritas all day long, I would be your best customer if you simple gave me more chips and salsa. Overall, Lime is good. but not if you are really hungry. It has a great bar and atmosphere. and a small patio. Which is a big plus. Not impressed, nor was other friends and family that have eaten there. It is just not that memorable.  Give me a CHIPS AND SALSA!!!
<review# 1995,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2008,12/30/2008,216,468,10,9,8>I had a feeling I'd be leaving Craft with a much lighter wallet than when I entered, but sometimes you've just gotta splurge. And while the experience set me back a few greenbacks, I have no regrets. In a word -- fantastic. I joined a few other Yelpers to try Craft Atlanta on its opening night. From the moment I walked in I knew we were in for a fun evening. Read Chris W's review for a great description of the ambiance and classy service.Now for the food: the menu allows you to create your own meal with selections for different courses -- first course, main course, then sides. Everything is grouped by method of prep, from raw (seafood starters) to braised, and everything in between. We each ordered what we craved individually for firsts and mains, then loaded up on a bunch of sides for the table to share. The best part was that we all decided to go full-in family style, so we all were able to sample nearly every dish ordered.A few standouts for me: the mushroom risotto was delicious, rich and flavorful with a hint of tarragon. The braised beef short ribs were like butter and practically melted in my mouth (how can you go wrong with something cooked in its own juices for 12+ hours?). Roasted parsnips -- crispy on the outside, nicely seasoned. Yum! I seem to recall dessert being spot-on as well, although after a few glasses of wine it got kinda fuzzy at the end there. =)I'll probably be choosing less pricey venues (like Top Ramen in my own kitchen!) for a week or so to make up for my Amex charge at Craft, but it was well worth it. PS: Tom Colicchio's shorter than I imagined. hehePPS: Lest you wonder why I didn't give 5 stars, since I'm new to Yelp I figured I'd go more conservative. I don't wanna be passing out 5 stars like an excited school girl. =)
<review# 1996,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2008,12/29/2008,357,369,20,16,17>I haven't actually been to the Chocolate Pink location.  I've just done happy dances in my pajamas shortly after its delivery.  Had a run in with some road rager in traffic? Get the chocolate fudge cupcake. Pop it into the microwave for only a few seconds to intensify center gooeyness and forget all about I-75 construction.  Delicious.Is your coworker getting on your last damn nerve but you can't bring yourself to do anything other than leave a passive aggressive Post It note on her monitor?  Nothing summons the  "coworker, who?" like the Pink Lemonade cupcake. Oh yes, so good.Is your crush sending you mixed signals and ambiguous texts that you can't be bothered to decipher?  Rx: Outrageous Brownies.  Ridiculously rich.There's an adorable dessert for every crisis and dilemma. Obviously, eat responsibly.  Obesity isn't cute.  But itsy bitsy little cupcakes sure are.  Again, I've only had their delivery items.  I'm saving that potential 5th star for an in person visit.
<review# 1997,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/9/2008,12/24/2008,12,14,5,6,5>Miller's Ale House gets 3 stars from me because it is a 3 star kind of place. My Toyota Camry isn't going to get a 5 star-fireworks review either, but that doesn't mean it doesn't serve a purpose (and it's a pretty sweet ride). I ate lunch here with a friend last week and had a fine experience. The place is a nice size, has a large bar, wasn't extremely crowded, and the food was enjoyable. They have an extensive menu and a lot of seafood for a "bar food" joint. I opted for the soup of the day, chanterelle mushroom, and the prime rib sandwich. My partner in crime opted for the same soup and a chicken salad sandwich. Let me first say that the mushroom soup should be the soup of the month. It was rich and full of flavor. My friend's chicken salad sandwich was average, but my prime rib sandwich was actually really good. I honestly expected it to be too rubbery to eat like a sandwich (which is why I usually steer clear), but I am glad I took the risk. It was tender, juicy, and it's tough to beat something that is served with a topping of onion rings. One thing that bothered me at Miller's was the beer selection. If I walk into an "ale house," I expect to be bombarded with taps upon entering and it should take me half an hour to decide on a beer. The beer selection at Miller's is pretty standard, but the value more than makes up for it. They offer extensive lunch and dinner specials that make you look twice. I would be willing to say that Miller's is one of the best lunch values in Alpharetta and you should definitely check it out, despite a measly 3 star rating...
<review# 1998,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/20/2008,12/23/2008,29,94,,5,5>More like 3.5 due to the value.The GoodGreat Shrimp Po'Boy - certainly the best you will find in the Atlanta area (not that shrimp po' boys are in abundance here).  Please, no special ordering - dressed is the way to go.Price - A large sandwich with a choice of side is easily enough for two and less than ten bucks.Service Attitude - The folks that work here are very nice and seem appreciative of your business.The Not-So-GoodThe side items are generally ok, but are made well in advance - scooped into a bowl - then microwaved.  Hence, dried out beans and rice can be commonplace.  For some reason, even that simple process (scoop, nuke, serve) can take quite a long time.They are SLOW - really slow.  Even if you are the only person in line, getting your food may take a while.  The drive thru window serves no purpose whatsoever - unless you just enjoy sitting in your car waiting for a 15 minute sandwich assembly.   Calling ahead doesn't really seem to work either.VerdictGo when you are not in a hurry, keep most of your money in your pocket, and enjoy a shrimp po' boy.  Besides, if your job pays you with an actual paper check - you can stop next door and get it cashed.
<review# 1999,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/10/2008,12/22/2008,166,205,13,2,5>unlike the 60 reviewers before me, i didn't go for:the salsa dancing for people with no rhythm, orthe myriad of low-budget pre-wedding parties, orthe typical one hour atlanta wait for mediocre food, orthe scantily clad women looking for a 10 when they are only a 3, orthe scantily clad women who are a 10 enjoying the jealousy of the 3s, orthe over sexed men looking for la chica on her 3rd drink, orthe cavernous space that quadruples as a restaurant, bar, club, & lounge.i went for the jones v calzaghe fight.  i was gonna hit my usual spot, the black hooter's (aka 'scores' in decatur) where entry is usually $20 and parking is $10.  the fact that loca luna shows pay-per-view fights with no cover makes me a 'fight night fan.'  besides this, don't think i would go back (see list above).loca luna is the kind of place where the hook-up takes all forms.  my friend gave his card to one of the aforementioned 10s.  she told her girl-friend (about a  6) that she wasn't interested and left the card on the table.  the environmentally conscious girl-friend swooped up the card and called the next day...serendipity???  not quite, but my friend will benefit from the girl-friend's penchant for recycling....never let a good brotha go to waste!
<review# 2000,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2008,12/21/2008,35,52,3,6,5>In the words of Homer ... centaur.freehostia.com/sDon't let the looks of this place fool you, the donuts are fantastic! The choices weren't overwhelming on my first visit (maybe 12 types or so this morning), but they all looked fantastic.  I had a strawberry cheesecake donut, and the misses, a raspberry filled heart.   They were fresh, light and very, very tasty.  The donuts are gourmet, but the price is not. $1/donut... not bad.This place is so hip they even have an open-mic night.I'll be back. slinkycity.com/audio/arn
<review# 2001,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2008,12/20/2008,51,21,6,8,7>Located in the building that formerly housed Mick's of lower Buckhead / upper Midtown, Vita is the latest venture of Tony LaRocco, the restauranteur who also owned Fratelli di Napoli. My friend that was master of ceremonies for the evening is a personal friend of Tony's, so I knew we were all in for an unexpected treat.Upon entering, I was totally taken by the transformation of the interior of the restaurant. Some subtle but very effective upgrades have created a refined atmosphere with a slight nod to Hollywood-era classic elegance. Ruby-colored tablecloths play against golden hued walls and rich mahogany wood accents, adding warmth to the huge dining area. The close arrangement of tables adds a sense of intimacy to the wide-open space. On the small stage at the center of the room, a modern-day chanteuse accompanied by a three-piece band was belting out a soulful ballad and shaking her shimmy well enough to compete with any Vegas nightclub act. Scanning the rest of the place, I half-expected to see a cigarette girl hurry by on her way to a table full of well-heeled mobster types. And...I wasn't entirely disappointed. No disrespect intended, but Tony LaRocco pretty much embodies every visual stereotype of an Italian goodfella you've seen in the movies. But his easy genteelness and unaffected charm totally softens the tough guy image.After greeting us all graciously and seating us at a table close to the entertainment action, Tony made us an offer we couldn't refuse. "Do you guys wanna order from the menu, or do you want me to order for you?" Let me tell you something. When the owner of one of Atlanta's best Italian restaurants offers to order your dinner, you do not turn him down. You might also do yourself a favor and forget about any kind of diet you might be on, because you won't stand a chance resisting the food that comes out of Vita's kitchen.An efficient and unobtrusive waitstaff proceeded to deliver a steady stream of family-sized plates to our table. First to arrive were calamari fritti with two sauces - a spicy tomato and a roasted red pepper, mussels in a sauce of white wine and gorgonzola, and a chef's spinach salad with a creamy gorgonzola dressing. If the meal had ended there, I would have been totally satisfied, but there was much more in store. Rigatoni ala vodka arrived next, followed by Mediterranean garlic filet, and parmesan crusted swordfish. Every dish was more exquisite than the next, the rigatoni's sauce was like velvet, the filet perfectly cooked and seasoned just right, the swordfish - a fresh piece of heaven in a flaky, buttery crust. We ended the meal with a sampling of desserts, among them berries zabaglione, cheesecake, and... honestly, I forget what else. At that point, they could have served me a boot on a plate and I'd have gobbled it up with a smile.Tony joined us at the table for a short while during each course, sharing a few tidbits on each of the dishes we were eating and a little about his inspiration for the restaurant. "Vita," he explained, "is Italian for life. Good food, good music, good company...that's what life is really about, you know?" All I could think was, "Ah, a man after my own heart."Company and personal attention aside, I can honestly say that it was one of the best meals I've had this year.cheers,kbonvivantonline.com
<review# 2002,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2008,12/19/2008,352,299,6,10,10>I grant thee four stars based on thou service and interior design alone. The food was just a bonus. Buddy Smith, you are most definitely a server among servers. Your wit and attention made for a splendid (and humorous) dining experience.This is one of those restaurants in which the food is more enjoyable simply because every thing else is in order. We watched the sun set over the city while basking in the warm glow of the Washington, DC-esk steakhouse interior: dark wooden wall panels and fresh, vibrant yellow flowers accentuated the evening.My shrimp cocktail was meaty. I love that word, meaty. And my seared, citrus-glazed salmon was divine (and very hot -- definitely a plus). What? Not ordering steak at a self-proclaimed steak mecca? Maybe next time. Thank you to the friendly staff for my complimentary birthday dessert (complete with lit candle). Buddy even took our picture and returned moments later with a hard copy in an envelope. Such charm, such charm.I plan to make CG my happy spot on Wednesdays after work ... wine specials galore. After all, they do boast 400 offerings. Care to join me? I'll be at the bar ...
<review# 2003,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/5/2008,12/18/2008,244,602,18,10,12>Criminal Records is a much-beloved institution among hipsters, hipster doofi, music snobs, nerds masquerading as hipsters (you can tell by the thickness of the lenses in their chunky black glasses) and hipsters masquerading as nerds (said black glasses are virtually lensless...oh and their Macs.  True nerds wouldn't be using a Mac.)  I can understand the devotion, really I can.  I respect Criminal for bringing both well-known and to-be-known talent (both musical and otherwise) for in-store appearances.  I also dig their magazine collection.  They have a considerable music collection.  And they sell comics and action figures here.However, I, for one, am no music snob.  I can't tell you the B-Side of an obscure late 70s punk band.  In fact, I could barely tell you an A-side of one.  My musical influences stop at the verbally-abusive Russian piano teacher I had when I was 10.  Yeah, I got yer Fur Elise right here, Lady...in my pants.I am also not a nerd masquerading as a hipster as I am pretty much a nerd through and through. I came about it the hard way--during a time that was pre-Internet, pre-Bill Gates rich as Croesus household name, pre-it's kind of hip to be square as long as you're not nerdy enough to quote a song by Huey Lewis and the News.Bear all of this in mind when I say that Criminal is just okay to me.  I visit it when I'm in the area, but I don't make special trips here.  Other friends in comic nerdness say they're great when you have a pull list.  I'm too lazy and have too little attention span for a pull list, so I buy off the rack.  And much like a too-skinny Nicole Richie, Criminal's rack has never impressed me.  That's why I always drove out to either Oxford or Titan for my books.Nevertheless, three and a half stars rounded down to three for Criminal. A tepid review, I know, but should you ever go, I'd still feel sad.
<review# 2004,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2008,12/17/2008,13,60,1,10,5>WOW.. This place is really good.  I saw them building it and didn't really know what to expect.  I think of crepes and I think of French food, but boy was I wrong.  They have crepes from all around the world.  They are not prepared the traditional French style, but they are cooked in a open view kitchen on a very hot round cooking stone.  Then dressed nicely and served to you.  The atmosphere is also great and the service is good too.I had the Mexican crepe.  It had chicken, sour cream, salsa and much more and a side salad.  It was very, very good and tasted extremely fresh.  The dessert crepes looked out of this world.  I didn't order one, but I saw several being made.  I will definitely be returning to this place very soon!
<review# 2005,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2008,12/16/2008,215,493,13,11,12>What more is there to say about Krispy Kreme doughnuts?  There is nothing like burning my fingers on HOT doughnuts NOW and I continue to be amazed at how I can squish an entire hot doughnut down enough to stuff the entire thing in my mouth (but I only do this with the first one).I have recently rediscovered Krispy Kreme coffee.  This happened completely by mistake.  I headed out to run errands and left my to-go mug of home-brewed coffee sitting on my counter.  Since I had already made coffee, I refused to pay gourmet coffee house prices for my second choice option, and I happened to be near Krispy Kreme when I realized I had no coffee.  I hit the drive-thru and ordered a big ol' coffee and no doughnuts (just couldn't do it - hadn't worked out that day).  But, when I got my coffee and drove away, I took a sip and realized that it tastes like doughnuts!  And, it is doughnut-scented!  It was almost enough to give me a real doughnut fix.  Almost.
<review# 2006,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2008,12/15/2008,161,173,10,10,10>Sometimes timing is everything. Last night my roommate and I were discussing Lewis Grizzards' favorite eateries.  Both of us being big fans of his writing and his taste in local fair.  So LA says that  Ron Hudsmith and Grizzard used to frequent Carver's grocery for their authentic and unpretentious giant portions of comfort food. He and I both like to each lunch early. And neither will wait in line for food.  So we planned to get there when they opened and get out before the city hall/ tech crowd cued up at noon.  On the way down I was perusing the paper and by gum there it was, an article touting the virtues of the place we were headed.  Flarg! not today!I look at the roommate and tell him to get the lead out or we are sure to  have our deep fried dreams dashed. We are traveling in a 40 year old VW bus, with a 65 year old driver who shuns freeways and shuts off the vehicle on downhill runs to conserve gas. Hauling ass is out of the question.  Never the less , he fires the engine back up and we are blazing a trail at 45 mph down Atlanta rd..When we arrive it's just us, a few detectives and a young couple overly excited to dine in the restaurant that they had so recently read about.We obtained our plates and sat just in time for the line to start to take shape and threaten to wind out the door. Timing is everything. I got a veggie plate, 4 veg ,bread and a drink for 7.95. Keeping the portions in mind, it is, in my opinion a fair deal. I had the creamed corn, squash casserole, green beans and cheesy beef casserole. The tea was overly brewed and insanely sweet. The cornbread way too dry. However, the heart of what I came for shined through. The squash casserole was as much breading as squash. I liked it though. It was very much a home made dish. The creamed corn was perfect. Not to squishy , just enough cream to accentuate the crunchy ,sweet corn. The cheesy beef casserole was basically Shepard's pie.  I have yet to meet I pie I don't like. This one is new fav. The beef was spiced perfectly and the browned cheese layer is manna from heaven. I could eat it everyday. Lastly, the green beans are by far the best green beans ever served in a restaurant. Cooked to perfection.Cooked in meat juice mind you. Best beans ever. If you go to Carver's and don't get the green beans, you are a fool. My roommate agreed with this statement whole heartedly after tasting mine. That dummy got Chicken fried steak and collards. Both were excellent but its all about those beans man, trust me. The service was overly attentive and friendly. But I'll put dollars to donuts they'll be sick of hearing "I saw Ya'll in the paper", by the end of the week.
<review# 2007,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/22/2008,12/14/2008,47,187,8,5,8>I have to give Maritza and Frank's props (aka, an extra star) for the phenominal and down-home service I received just the other day.  You see, I had signed up to bring Sweet Potato Souffle to my office Thanksgiving party.  Having had to work late the night before, I wasn't able to make the dish and decided I would just call and order it from somewhere the next morning.  When I woke up, I said to myself "where in the world am I going to order sweet potato souffle, for 30 people, before 11:30 AM?"  I decided to give Maritza and Frank's a call at 7:30 AM (thank God they are open for breakfast!)Phone conversation:Me: "Hi, I have a question, do you ever make sweet potato souffle or even candied yams?"Ruby (waitress at M&F's): "Yeah hun, we served candied yams just yesterday as a side item"Me: "Awesome, do you make large to-go orders?"Ruby: "Yeah, do you want candied yams or sweet potato souffle?"Me: "Well, if you make sweet potato souffle then I would prefer it, but candied yams would be fine as well!"Ruby: "Hang on hun...(pulls phone away from her face).."Frank!  This lady wants to know if you could make a large order of sweet potato souffle by 11:30 AM!"Frank (in the background): "That's pushin' it, but I think I could!"Me: "Ruby, tell Frank I'll give him a really good tip!"Ruby: "Hey Frank!  She said she'll give ya a real good tip!"Frank: "Ok, I will make it happen!"For those of you who are still reading after my horrible attempt at re-living that dialogue--I arrived at 11:25, asked for the waitress Ruby, and had my cash tip in hand for Frank.  Ruby promptly brought my GINORMOUS order of sweet potato souffle out to the counter.  Frank appeared as well--I tried to give him his "good tip" but he refused, multiple times.  He said he was just glad he could help me out.  Frank even helped me carry the massive order to my car which was parked across the street!Everyone at the work T-giving party raved about the sweet potatoes.  They contained just the right amount of sugar and spice, were not too runny or too dense, and had yummy raisins throughout!Thanks M&F's for great service and for bailing me out of my sweet potato souffle fiasco!
<review# 2008,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/22/2008,12/13/2008,74,130,9,6,6>Okay so I would come here just took look at the staff.  The guys who own this place first of all are from Oklahoma which I love because that is my home state they are also FINE as hell.  Even if the food sucked I would go just to look at them all sweaty and making smoked meats and what not...but I digress.  The food is good, not just fantastic but good and the price is very fair.  I found the turkey to be the best and the sides are good as well.  This is one of the better places for bbq that I've found in the Atlanta area, I've never eaten in here, I always get everything to go.  I have also had them cater for me as well which was a big hit at my event and they gave me a huge amount of food for the price.
<review# 2009,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/23/2008,12/12/2008,298,329,4,16,10>I couldn't possibly ever give a low rating to the place that has given me the love of my life, a terrier mix named Feeny! Atlanta Pet Rescue is a much smaller shelter than the Humane Society a few blocks away. The animals here get great care and very loving foster homes before they're adopted. When I met with Feeny's foster mom for an adoption interview, she was very knowledgeable and honest. I was unsure which puppy in the litter I wanted, and she helped me decide on the one for me. She had been a foster parent to several animals for decades, and she had some great advice to give, too. She had begun the crucial first steps of potty-training my puppy, and it made the training process fast and easy for me.I deduct one star for the cold, somewhat rude demeanor of the staff. Although I loved my dog's foster mom, the staff I spoke to on the phone and in-person at the counter seemed to think they were the Gatekeeper to the Animals. They made me feel like I was up to something or hiding something from them...Although I think there should be some ground rules for adoption, I think they are a bit too strict. There are too many dogs in need of homes for a shelter to be so strict and picky, and I got the feeling several people with good intentions and loving homes were turned down. While I was there, one couple in their twenties were rejected and sent home. The staff also seemed proud to tell me stories of other seemingly normal, well-intentioned people who were denied adoption.I highly recommend checking out their website and policies before setting up an interview. If you currently have any pets, you must bring them to the shelter to see how they interact with the pet you're considering adopting, for example.If you're considering getting a dog or cat, I encourage you to check out petfinder.com, a site that resembles a "myspace" for adoptable pets in your area.  You can narrow your search results by breed, age, size, etc., and contact the shelter or foster parent directly with any questions. With so many amazing pets out there in need of homes, there's no need to turn to breeders or pet stores!
<review# 2010,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/25/2008,12/11/2008,20,36,7,5,3>I had a great experience here Friday night but I think this is one of those places you need to go all out for.  The atmosphere is your hip/trendy good looking crowd. Hot women and men that look like they have more money than they really do.  The bar area is a great spot for drinks as well.  We started off with 5 apps for three of us (like i said,  GO ALL OUT)  For my entree, I had the Chili seafood: scallops, sea bass and shrimp in a spicy sauce.  For a side I had the chili green beans.  They also have sushi for those who are interested.  Great date spot, great place to look for a one nighter (did i say that?) or just a hip place to feel like you are big time.  Enjoy!
<review# 2011,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2008,12/10/2008,458,1067,6,10,13>Yesterday I ended up running some errands in Midtown near where my parents live.  It was around dinner time, so I decided to call my father to see if he wanted to take me out to eat.  He agreed, so apparently I'm still his favorite son. :)I had never eaten here, but he recommended it and since he was paying I agreed to take the quick walk from his condo.I was very surprised at how elaborate the decorations were, especially considering that it's located in front of an old medical building that has been converted into student housing.  Not tacky. Not over-the-top. Just more than I expected (in a good way).The menu was pretty large and my favorite thing was the Buddha Spring Roll. SOOOOO GOOD!  Our dinner portions were so big we each ended up taking some home.  The prices seemed fair for everything we got and I'm already craving more.
<review# 2012,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2008,12/9/2008,224,570,5,3,3>Morning, noon, and night, I crave a lime sour: limes, ice, seltzer.  The woman behind the counter slices and squeezes three whole limes into the jumbo styrofoam cup half-full of ice, then tops it off with plain carbonated water from the fountain.  As advertised, it will pucker your mouth, but it is so fresh that you'll be tempted to suck on the little green pucks left over from the handheld press.  You might question the wisdom of paying over three dollars for something so simple, so if you're not convinced, start with a smaller size.  You'll wish you'd gone jumbo to begin with.Lime not your thing?  You suck.  But that's okay, because what you suck is a malted.  A thick milkshake with real malt powder, blended with milk and your choice of ice cream.  Sadly, the old fountain glassware is relegated to a display cabinet, along with other fascinating stuff.  Sitting behind a pane of glass is an array of formulary bottles, many of which I pray have been emptied and refilled with something else.  (Sodium cyanide? Are you freaking kidding me?)  And on your way in or out, stoop low to see Underwood typewriters in a progression of incarnations from the 1920s and later.Bring cash.  The fountain doesn't take plastic, and you'll be sad indeed if you have to leave Chapman's without a fountain treat.
<review# 2013,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2008,12/8/2008,440,453,14,20,13>So when it comes Ribs, and the evaluation of ribs, I will quickly be the first to tell you, that my Rib game is SICK.  I am a ribologist....I am the king of ribs.  Check my pedigree, SON!  Alright, so after seeing reviews on the Swallow for what seems like forever, I decided to make the trek and see if folks really knew what they were talking about.The short answer, HELL TO THE YES!  Yo, on the real, this is one of the top three rib spots in Metro Atlanta...and I think all around one of the best barbecue eating experiences I have had in a long time.This place sits off in the cut, off a confusing road in Roswell.  Hell, I knew it was gonna be confusing and I was still confused getting there.But I made it, and as I approached the building (which looks like some old south restaurant), I decided that I needed to join the small crowd outside and eat ribs like, as one yelper said "they were meant to be eaten...outside".  It was a beautiful day, I had a good book, and I was starving...Utopia.The service was quick, sharp, nice and outstanding (even a tad bit cute).  She kept my sweet tea full, and made sure that i was never wondering "where is my server"...honestly, thats all a brother asks for.All types of ppl were there, black/white, businessmen/women, and dorks like myself...but there was common thread, we came in search of good barbecue...and at Swallow, we found it.For sides I got the Fried green tomatoes and Bruswick Stew.  Pause.  These fried green tomatoes are different than any I have ever experienced.  They have a REALLY light batter, so basically it looks like they are just green.  But then you actually taste them, and its a different story....warm, ripe, flavor filled.  They give you some type of dipping sauce (i think its ranch dressing) that compliments the tomatoes perfectly.The brusick stew (i think this is what its called) has a combination of beef, pork and duck...i know DUCK.  Additionally, corn bread is crumbled and mixed in, adding a bit of a thickness to the mixture.  Honestly, I was thoroughly impressed and tore that damn bowl up!Onto the ribs....amazing.  Fall off the bone tender, absolutely.  Great texture, yes!  Incredible sauce...yezzir!I cant express how damn good these ribs are.I personally will vouch for this spot at ANY TIME.  Top three rib spots in Atlanta.LOVE IT...i left there full as hell with no leftovers...thats right, I can down a whole slab with no problem..this is what I do...
<review# 2014,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2008,12/7/2008,125,80,6,6,7>Ohhhhhhhhhhhh Colonnade, how I love thee.  Your tiny, succulent and well-crusted white cornmeal muffins give me more pleasure than the ENTIRE string of sex shops that surround this proud establishment ever could!Let me count the ways:I love you for your congealed salad with the dollop of mayoI love you for your steadfast adherence to linens, and classic black uniforms for your waitstaffI love you for providing my family decades of wonderfulnessI love you for being absolutely reliable in your deliciousnessI love you for keeping things simple and wonderful for all these yearsI love you for providing a place that grandparents and kids feel comfy inI love you for keeping the notion of traditional Southern cuisine alive and wellThank you, Colonnade.  Long may you reign.
<review# 2015,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2008,12/6/2008,147,260,14,13,12>My boyfriend, Hyeon, and I are competitive by nature.  It's not that we don't love each other - trust me, we do - but we like to challenge each other to stupid games and bets occasionally.  Well, whenever we were doing something physical, such as tennis, running, and other sports, I always lost.  Then I read about Silver Comet Trail, a relatively flat road that goes on for miles and miles - quite literally.  Instantly, I knew this would be my winning ground.  So I proudly challenged him to a cycling-dare.We arrived and were able to park in their large parking lot.  We got our bikes ready and off we went.  It really was a flat road, divided into two sections.  What I didn't expect was the dense woods that surrounds the trail.  Thanks to the beautiful scenery, I was able to keep my pace and speed, resulting in my first win against Hyeon in a physical dare.  Ha, take that, you loser.  (And for those of you wondering, Yes, I love Hyeon dearly.)This is a great spot to walk your dogs, ride your bike, or roller-blade, especially if you are like Bonnie P.  (I feel your pain!)  But on sunny weekends, the parking lot gets packed, so I would advise to park at a nearby location or street.
<review# 2016,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2008,12/3/2008,192,123,19,9,9>Let me explain...I give the Clermont 4 stars because I was not disappointed. The Clermont lived up to it's reputation and everything I thought I was going to get, I received that and then some.My first strip club experience and man was it an experience. The outside looks shabby and run down and the inside does not disappoint. The interior is just as dusty and dingy as it's exterior. If I was grading on what I saw once I entered the hot, musty doors of the Clermont, I would have to roll over into the negatives. Although the lap dance I witness was good entertainment, it was also gross on so many levels, =( I saw WAY too much of some the women there, and honestly stripping passed a certain age should be illegal.I give the Clermont 4 stars because I had a great time (once I dug out my eyes, and remembered that I have a mind eraser at home), if you haven't experienced it yet, you definitely should...but honestly I'll never go again.
<review# 2017,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/25/2008,12/2/2008,72,176,17,8,7>Hmm, well, if you are in the mood to for a little "stand and model" with your drink, do go here!For those who aren't familiar with the "stand and model" concept, let me break it down for you.  Basically, you stand in the tightest pair of jeans you own, unapproachable of course, nose cocked ever so slightly in the air, and then pretend that your shiz doesn't smell.The only saving grace of this bar, is the "Cheers" like feel of the bar, the cheap stiff drinks and the nice bartenders who call you baby while they pour.  I would like to say that everyone here knows my name, but truthfully, many of the imbibing patrons could care less.Bummer.
<review# 2018,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2008,12/1/2008,24,17,3,8,5>You can find this great spot underneath The Highland Inn (located next to Pura Vida and Cafe di Sol on N. Highland. Ave)  My friends and I had been wanting to check this place out for sometime.  We finally stumbled down the beautiful stone steps around 1:30 to a find really big place!  The DJ was playing 50s and 60s music and everyone was dancing in the ballroom.  I kinda felt like Baby in Dirty Dancing!  On the other side, you can find the bar and other tables.  They had games set up in the bar room, in case you feel like kicking someones ass at Connect Four.  It was a fun time.  Great place to take out of towners for a little something different.
<review# 2019,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2008,11/30/2008,328,633,1,6,4>Let me start by saying that if you cannot handle the crowds, don't even try to go to TRCB during rush hours (lunch is insane most work days).  That said - I love this place.  The concept is quite well executed..build your own stir-fry.  I just don't think they knew what a hit they would have on their hands.Once you get a table (it may be a wait), you order drinks from your server and they give you a wooden paddle and direct you to the line.  Next you grab a bowl, your starch (rice, noodles) and start building your own concoction.  Grab some veggies, meat and then hit the sauces and spices - but spice at your own risk!  You must remember that a little goes a long way and if you over do, you have no one to blame but yourself!  So the first time, play the conservative.If you are much less of a risk taker, the walls are adorned with "recipes" of how to build some classics - Kung Pao, Mongolian BBQ, Sweet & Sour, etc.  For your first time out, this may be the right way to go.  Once you do this a couple of times, you will most likely start getting really creative.  Once you are done building, you just line up your bowl and walk away.  5 to 6 cooks start stir-frying everything in site on world's biggest flat-top wok.  They work with amazing precision - it is like a symphony or well choreographed dance watching them cook.  Once they are done, your food (marked with your paddle) will be delivered to your table for you to enjoy!One of the main benefits of this place for me is being in control of what I am eating.  I actually suffer from a lot of food allergies, and TRCB accommodates me very well.  They offer me an array of swizzle sticks that allow me to mark my food to be cooked separately from everyone else (this ensures no cross-contamination of nuts or seafood).  This works for vegetarians and vegans as well.If you can handle waiting, give it a shot and see what you think.  Timing is everything, but it certainly is enjoyable once you get to eat your own Asian creation!
<review# 2020,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2008,11/29/2008,68,107,5,8,8>I was a huge fan of Fado for a long time. I spent many a St Patty's day there, countless happy hours and went after the U2 concert and could have sworn that it was actually U2 playing and not a cover band. The old location torn down, I visited the NEW location last night. I believe they just opened this week after being in a temporary location for the past few months.The new space is HUGE. No longer do you feel like you have crawled into a cave (~20ft ceilings!) - but the ambiance remains with faux finishes, murals and old Irish signs. In addition to the large bar on the main floor there is a second level with more seating and then a third level with a glass-enclosed bar leading to a nice rooftop patio.Plenty of Guinness on tap (I like half Guinness, half New Castle), Fado looks to be back and better than ever.
<review# 2021,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/31/2008,11/28/2008,245,510,6,9,9>Margarita review:For all ex-NYers out there, you can't compare any pizza joint in Atlanta to Luzzos or Grimaldis, because its just not happening.  There is a difference, it needs to be distinguished...otherwise Client 9 would not pay for the 5 star special and would be cruising Fulton Industrial instead.The service is pretty NY, and if you don't like it, GET OVER IT!  You are here to eat pizza, not to be coddled and coo-cooed to...so grow some!That being said, this is a pretty good pie.  Is it perfect?  Nah.  There is an abundance of sauce the way pizza should have it, chunks of tomato, great flavor.  Anyone who complains about too much sauce and not enough cheese needs to rethink that position since pizza has been bastardized by conveyor belt specials.Fresh buffalo mozzarella.  Plus, it's not loaded on, it's the right amount.Real garlic.  Not that pre-minced crap you buy at the store that tastes like rubbing alcohol.Real basil, basil that is properly torn rather than cut.THE WEAKNESS:  Great crunchy upper crust but center of the pie is way too soft.  This is the only area this pizza falls way short.  Most likely because of the amount of sauce they use.  Perhaps ask for it on the well done side and this might take care of it.  But the big shortcoming here is their floppy innards.Atmosphere is great, mostly open air/outdoor seating, and o.k. simple straightforward service, not the greatest though.  Hockey on the TVs, can't beat that.  Be ready to spend $20+ on a pie though.I give it my 'average cheese in Atlanta' rating, from the NY pizza guy.
<review# 2022,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2008,11/27/2008,6,11,6,8,8>What fun!  My boyfriend visited Atlanta for the first time last weekend and a fellow Yelp-er suggested Sweetwater for some Friday evening festivities.  We got there a little late (probably around 615ish) and the parking was pretty crazy... but the businesses around were closed and we were allowed to park in their parking lots.The beer was really great, and we both loved that we could sample the different flavors.  I'd have to say that the best part of the place was the crowd!  There were so many young people and everyone was in such good spirits!  The staff was so friendly, too.  The girl giving the tour told us that we could come back as volunteers on 'bottling' day and get paid in beer!  Sign me up!
<review# 2023,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2008,11/26/2008,196,345,4,11,8>Another example of how outstanding service can turn a good dining experience into a great one.I used to be a server. In spite of or perhaps because of that fact, I tend to be skeptical of servers that remind me of myself as a server - early twenties, skinny arms, that sort of thing. So I had low expectations for our young, relatively skinny-armed waitress, and she blew me away. As did the helpful attitude I sensed from all the staff at Dantanna's.First, our table for eight was waiting for us when we got there, complete with high chair. The first group of people was permitted to sit at the table before the remainder of the party arrived. I am always extremely pleased with a restaurant when I don't have to wait for stragglers.Second, the server handled the baby situation well. Without being asked, she brought the almost-two-year-old one of those disposable placemats and crayons. The baby's mom asked the server to bring her food out as soon as it was ready, and the server did so, and quite quickly too. Third, when I asked whether the fish tacos could be made without shrimp, she said she thought so but that she would ask. She immediately ran off to ask, and then returned with an affirmative answer. Score! When I asked for a box later, she offered to do it for me, and did so quickly.Fourth, she split the checks without our asking (to my knowledge no one asked), didn't make any mistakes, and was very efficient when running our credit cards. As is probably already evident, I had the fish tacos with no shrimp.  They were served with two sides even though the menu suggests you only get one.  I picked asparagus and garlic mashed potatoes.  Everything was delicious except for, ironically, the fish. It was too... fishy. It tasted like cheap tuna, but I can't be sure. The desserts looked AMAZING, I'm going to have to go back to try them sometime.
<review# 2024,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/13/2008,11/25/2008,474,1389,4,8,8>My new favorite salad spot.  In a way it fits - after all, treehouse makes you think of greenery, which makes you think of vegetables, which makes me think salad.  On the other hand, you expect a treehouse to have the comfort food and snacks that you hide from your parents in case you decide to run away, which would definitely not have been salad.   Regardless, I've been hearing about treehouse for ages, and finally got to go on one of the perfect fall nights we've been enjoying.  We had to wait a while at the railing, so I tried not to stare down anyone in my eyeline to intensely as I have been known to do when the patrons that are keeping me from my food are in plain view...We ended up little table right up against the window of the bar, so close in fact, that at times it seemed as if the couple on the other side were dining with us.Though I'd heard good things about the pizza and sandwiches, I ordered the spinach salad with steak since I needed to max out on the iron intake to give platelets the following day.  I was a little annoyed when the salad arrived without steak, and I had to remind two staff members that I had in fact ordered it before it showed up 5 minutes later, but it was worth the wait.  The meat was perfectly cooked to my taste, right-sized, and an excellent complement to the other toppings.  It was the best salad that I'd had in a restaurant in a long time - just the right amount of greens to toppings with well-balanced salty, sweet, tangy, crispy flavors and textures. The importance and art of good salads are underrated.So when I had the opportunity to go back a week later, I jumped on the chance, eager to get some more delicious salad.  I considered many of the other menu items, and even asked the server for her recommendations but ended up with ensalata especial.  Mixed greens + pecans + feta + oranges + avocado = simple and tasty.  I was debating how healthy I wanted to be, so I ordered a side of fries to even things out...  The fries were somewhat undercooked, and couldn't hold a candle to the salad. I really like the atmosphere and wished I lived within walking distance.  Technically it's all neighborhoods, but it would be uphill both ways for 6 miles... and you need more than salad to fill you up after that!
<review# 2025,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/9/2008,11/23/2008,97,71,9,8,9>The story goes like this: I had to work on a Saturday. Big gig. Couldn't be late. Got up late anyway. Boyfriend suggests Flying Biscuit for brunch. Yum. Wait is too darn long. We leave and arrive in the lot of West Egg at 1:20ish. I have to work at 2:30. Frantic. Looking at phone every 5 minutes to check the time. Place is pretty packed. I'm a little nervous. Waiter seats us and takes order about 7 minutes later. Really nice guy, by the way. Food comes out super quick. Food is delicious. We pay. We're out by 2. No lie. We have to ride around the city to kill time so I'm not too early for work. Gas is way lower than usual so we can do that without going mad.I get to work full and satisfied. West Egg is the bee's knees.
<review# 2026,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2008,11/21/2008,276,267,,2,2>Went Wednesday night for the wine tasting then the dinner.    The wine tasting was good and Christopher, the Sommelier, was very playful with the crowd that enued to sample the various reds.    Even though there was a crowd for the tasting, the dining room was amazingly empty for a Wednesday.After an hour of tastes we were seated at the Chefs table.    We sampled the mussels (very good), the tuna tartar and the calamari which was quite good.As for entrees, we had the Halibit, the Duck and the Beef Short ribs.   The beef short ribs were some of the best i have had in my life.    The Halibit was good, and presented well.   The duck was good, but I had expected more.  In short, the mussels and Beef short ribs make for a great meal!   I will be back.
<review# 2027,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/1/2008,11/20/2008,220,93,8,8,10>Went to a company party here last night.  The decor is clean and contemporary with blue lucite bar and glass bubbles hanging from the ceiling.There was an open bar, so I really got to sample the drinks.  The Liquid Karma is pretty darned good.  It's Absolut Limon, Green Tea Liqueur, something yummy and a honey rim.  Don't drink too many of these, because from what I hear, "Karma's a b*tch, it'll sneak up on you and come back to bite you in the a**."  Never have truer words been spoken by our sales manager.  The Aquatini is most highly recommended by the Aquaknox staff.  It's alright.  It's blue and really sour--but the raspberries are consistently fresh, tart sweet and delicious.  The regular martinis I ordered weren't consistent--even though I just asked for them dirty every time.Get the Crab Cake appetizer, it's delicious.  The other hors d'oeuvres served were not on the menu but I wouldn't recommend them anyway.  All in all, it's not bad--the staff is reasonably friendly and I hear it's beautiful there at sunset.
<review# 2028,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2008,11/18/2008,216,382,2,5,4>Jane and I went here last night for our anniversary. The restaurant was fairly crowded, but even though we had no reservation, they found us a seat right away, in the back corner so we both got to sit on the couch wrapping around the back wall. Looking over the menu, we decided to try a bunch of small plates, much to our server, Martha's delight:  "get in there and play around!"  We sampled all kinds of great stuff... swordfish, elk schnitzel, cheese-stuffed peppers and a few other delicious items including pork belly tacos (bacon and tacos... two great tastes that taste great together!)And then after all that, dessert. Like the small plates we had for our meal, the desserts are all small-sized but packed with flavor. You can get 4 for $12 which is a great deal. The price drops by a dollar if you let the pastry chef pick them for you. We opted for some gooey toffee cake and three of the most chocolaty items I've ever eaten. I'm still recovering from the sugar shock but WOW they were tasty.It was worth every penny. Great food, great service, I recommend it to everyone :D
<review# 2029,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2007,11/17/2008,227,316,9,4,7>Drinks: $23Perfect Shoes to Match the outfit: $75Flat Iron to do my hair: $45Parking: $5Quality Time Spent with Friends: pricelessHalo, it's everything you need it to be.
<review# 2030,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/2/2008,11/16/2008,194,166,3,10,6>I was invited to this new lounge and event venue last week for an R&B artist listening party.  It has an industrial vibe and feel to it since it's housed within a converted Loft/Warehouse building.  The lounge features a long bar near the entrance and there are several tables, high bar stool seating and couches along each side. VIP tables are set up in the middle with an intimate view of the stage where either a DJ spins or an artist sings.  There's a dance floor near the stage where dozens of people can get down with the get down.  I didn't get to go upstairs, but it looked like additional space was up top where patrons could spy on those below.There were maybe a dozen people in my group, which made service tricky at first. It took a little while for a waiter to come serve us but it didn't matter because we had already just gotten up and ordered our own drinks from the bar. Once the waiter did arrive, some of us ordered food and it didn't take long at all for it to arrive.  595 North features a good mix of food such as pizzas, wings, chicken or shrimp skewers, sliders and seafood platters.  I tried the flatbread pizza, which really hit the spot and complimented my Cabernet wine.  I love that the food and drinks are so reasonably priced!There was a female DJ from 95.5 who kept the crowd dancing with a clever mix of both old school and new school jams until the artist appeared for his set.  Overall this was a great time and the party promoter Chris is a young, talented brother doing great things for Atlanta's young and professional crowd.
<review# 2031,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2008,11/15/2008,120,167,2,6,3>I finally made it back to the Fox after years of absence, and it's still a great venue, as always.  The auditorium and lobby are absolutely beautiful.  If there's a performance with an intermission they organize the human traffic to/in/out of the bathrooms with military precision.  (Too bad the line to the bar wasn't quite so organized and intermission was a bit short.)That said.  Plan for traffic getting there.  Not just on the connector, but also in midtown.  It slows to a crawl before a Fox event.   Plan for parking.  Paying for it, and driving around looking for a space.  It seemed like 10% of the audience was late, and it was very distracting to have this huge rush of people come in after the opening number.  (Also a waste of their money.  Hahaha.)If you can get there early enough to have dinner or drinks beforehand, I highly recommend doing so.  And stick around midtown for a bit afterwards, because the traffic jam getting out is even worse.Of course, the truly lucky (like me!) will live nearby.
<review# 2032,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2008,11/14/2008,34,31,7,9,9>I ate at Home two days ago. Since the moment I got in the car to go home, I have been thinking about my Yelp review. I have been searching for the most appropriate way to describe my experience, from that very first bite, to bargaining with my date to let me take home all of the leftovers. This is what I came up with...Holy shit, that was good.I made the reservations two weeks ago, and had been looking forward to dinner since then. Not even a hair disaster was putting a damper on my day--I was going to a real restaurant! One that I wasn't working in! A miracle in itself, added to it all of the amazing reviews I was an excited girl.We got to the restaurant and started browsing the drink menu once we were sat. I settled on "The Dastardly Deed" a cocktail with vodka, basil, and simple syrup (I think). My date ordered the sidecar. Fifteen minutes later we finally got our drinks, except they were both the drink I ordered. He was fine with it, and if he was, I was. The drink was all right. Very strong, but the floating bits of basil didn't seem to add anything but garnish to the glass. But I looked up, and through one of the portholes that peer into the kitchen I could see Richard, and being the Top Chef addict I am, giggled like a little girl and told my date what was happening behind him, completely forgetting about the less than perfect drinks.We ordered two starters, the crab cake and the pancakes with foie gras butter. The crab cake was amazing, the best I have ever had. It had the perfect amount of kick to it, with huge chunks of crab. The pancakes were just right- rich, sweet, and I wondered if people would stare if I just ate bites of the butter. I decided against it, but that doesn't change the fact that I thought about it.Then came our entrees. We ordered two with the idea we would split both. He started with the fried chicken and mac and cheese. I have had better fried chicken, and the mac and cheese did have a stronger cauliflower taste than I care for, but it was still delicious. My entree was lamb loin and ribs, served with goat cheese "dumplings". Oh my god. The lamb was perfect, tender and flavorful. The goat cheese was lightly cooked, and was slightly gooey and wonderful when eaten with the lamb. I think I gave him one bite, making me the worst date in the world, but a very satisfied diner. The sides came out a few minutes after our entrees, and I was already close to full. But I soldiered through, trying the golden beets, brussel sprouts, yellow squash, and mashed potatoes placed in front of me. It was my first time having brussel sprouts and beets, and while I was not converted into a brussel sprout fan, I was loving the beets. Vinegary and lovely, they went well with the squash, that was seasoned well and cooked just right. The mashed potatoes were good, but I kept going back for bites of the squash.I was way too full to try dessert, even though every time a waitress brought one by, I got minor whiplash trying to figure out which one it was and if I could possibly eat any more. After begging to take everything home (I did and had a piece of the fried chicken a couple of hours later, after a couple of drinks at Thinking Man) and snagging the receipt so I could do this review justice, we were on our way home, and I was the happiest girl in the city for a night.
<review# 2033,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/30/2008,11/13/2008,196,217,4,6,4>Been meaning to write a review for ages as I have visited about 10 times, LOVE the cranberry margaritas (thanks to the lovely Gretchen O's recommendation) and their regular and spinach queso options are excellent. Chips are also hot, fresh, salty and plentiful. All in all this makes for a thirsty and happy Ali who is craving one of those aforementioned cranberry margaritas out on their lovely shaded patio...right about now! They specialize in soft tacos which are offered a la carte at a very reasonable price $2-3 so you can build your own plate as desired. Chicken ones are superior to the beef in my experience...The major downside is the ATROCIOUS parking situation- no valet, minimal "legal" parking in their lot and strong threats of being 'booted' in the neighboring (Blockbuster) strip mall lot. ugh. Walk if possible so you can stumble home or carpool with a designated driver as a back up plan and enjoy some fabulous. creative margaritas and queso in a crowded but not overly pretentious atmosphere. Friendly, efficient bartenders too! :)
<review# 2034,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2008,11/12/2008,0,16,1,7,6>My friend and I ventured to Ecco to take advantage of their $25 prix fixe restaurant week menu. We had to lock in with an early 6:30p reservation. There were a few patrons there at this time, but we definitely beat the rush. Our waiter, Brent, was really great. First of all, he was from Pittsburgh  (my hometown), so he instantly got a gold star from me! He thoroughly went over the wine list with us, without being pretentious at all. We explained that we weren't wine connosuiers in the least and he helped us pair a good wine with our fish entree.  He specifically did NOT try to sell us the most expensive glass / bottle - which was very appreciated. Brent was attentive and the pace of the courses were perfect. We dined on the oak grilled asparagus, arugla salad with melons and prosciutto, salt cod with saffron, cheesecake with candied cherry tomatoes and zeppoli with georgia peaches. Everything was wonderful. The portions were small - yet perfect. My friend and I had such a great time that we spent over 3 hours there!  The place was really hopping when we left.
<review# 2035,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2008,11/11/2008,3,10,2,7,5>Really one of the more fantastic places to pop up in ATL in the past year if you ask me.I took a great friend / first date there and was seriously blown away by the place. Went for late Friday night drinks and lit bite to eat and think that this place goes on the list. List for only the special people in my future. Not for everyone. (Don't want to spoil it in my mind...)H&F has an amazing wine list, so they have that going for them right off the bat. By the glass and insane bottles of really, really good (expensive) wine. Love it, and you will too.They have the bartender from next door at Restaurant Eugene (name slips my mind, but he really is a funny guy, pours some pretty authentic drinks with VERY original ingredients) working the cocktail menu and they are just flat out fantastic cocktails.So this place has something for everyone in that department.Food wise: I'm not a lover of pate or liver of any sort, but I was asked to try it, and I got to say it really was flat out GREAT! Well done there guys. Well done.The Crawfish Beignets is where it is at. Small little nothings perfect for the great bottle of wine that we ordered (and you should too).I think the biggest downside (and everyone who has been there will likely agree): it is small. bar area is where you  want to see to people watch and enjoy the  drink and lite bites, but it really is tiny, tiny.Keep it up guys. Fantastic job!
<review# 2036,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2008,11/10/2008,367,374,7,8,8>Came here right after the Righteous room for a fix of the sweet tooth. Had the home made hot chocolate with marshmellow, and BOY WAS IT YUMMMYYYY... not too sweet and the place is so darn cute. Alot of folks with dates, and a group of people were out with friends. so it's a joint that is just the place for all folks with a sweet tooth. The place is very cozy and can be such a wonderful escape from the rain, who can ask for anything more then hot chocolate for a rainy day?  They have also a wonderful selection of dessert courses, fun chocolate mix drinks, and assorted chocolate morsels that are displayed in their glass display case to tantalize the eye.
<review# 2037,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2008,11/9/2008,290,172,,7,9>Ok let me start off by saying I found this place through Yelp....so woot woot for Yelp being so fantabulous!!!!!!   :)I had no idea how cute Historic Norcross was, until I had the pleasure of visiting this quaint little place this week. (The sad thing is I lived in Norcross for a year and had no idea.....shame....)......Anyways, back to the review......So I was looking for a new place to try for dinner on Monday night, and of course my first place to go was to jump on yelp and see what came up. Well I wasn't really trying to drive all the way into town, so I was searching around my area, and came across Mojito's. Hmmm...cuban....never tried that, so I thought let's give it a go.So we're off to Historic Norcross, and when we pull up it was so adorable, and I just couldn't believe it was hiding back behind Buford highway all this time. They have some cute little shops lining the streets, a park for the kids, and of course family owned businesses. So we come upon Mojito's, and were impressed at how nice an atmposphere the place was giving off. The staff was super friendly, and one of them even broke down to us the "art of the mojito".....and so we ordered, I got a chicken dish and my boyfriend got the pork. It was a good sized portion, served with black beans, rice, and plantains.....YUM!!!  In addition, the mojito's were great. I am not normally a mojito fan, so I was surprised to find that I actually liked it. It was not "overly minty" (hence the reason I normally dont like them)......it was just a hint of mint, and sweet as well. The prices were fair and the service was great. Definitely should try this place out if you're ever around the area. But as Christopher C. already said.....the place is small, so don't expect to come with your crew of 15 and expect to have lots of space.  It's more for your smaller group of 4-5 or a romantic evening out.
<review# 2038,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/22/2008,11/7/2008,6,11,7,9,10>Top five reasons why I love the Dekalb Farmer's Market1. The Seafood:  I love love love fish, and they have the freshest fish in Atlanta. I have definitely seen my fish jumping before I order it. This is the best part of the market. My parents even make the trek from Augusta to buy fish once a month. Granted it does smell like fish, but there is nothing wrong with that. It is a market, not a coffee shop.2. The produce - their produce selection is amazing. I must warn those who try to buy local . . . the only thing that I have seen marked  from Georgia in the produce section (or in the seafood section for that matter) is the watermelon. Granted, mangoes and guineps only grow in the tropics, so what do you expect.3. The wine- their wine selection is off the chain! I should first say that I am NOT a wine connoisseur, so what I think is amazing may just be mediocre to others. It is definitely better than your average Kroger.4. the hot food section - There is nothing like getting some tasty veggies and a samosa after doing your Sunday shopping!5. The meat section - Amazing is not the word. I do not remember seeing any bison (which i love), but they do have an amazing selection of meats. You can get the meat cut anyway you like, and they even have goat and lamb. Going to the Dekalb farmer's market is like going to the farmer's market, the butcher, the fish market, the wine store, and the grocery store all in one. Of course, don't expect to buy any toilet paper while you are here, because they just don't have any of that crap.Now, on to the negatives:Two things I do not like about the farmer's market1. IT IS TOO COOOOOOLLLLLD. I have made the mistake over and over again of going into this place wearing open toe shoes or a peep toe flat. Wear socks and sneakers or some boots, because your feet will be frozen by the time you are finished if you do not, especially if you plan on going in the fish, meat, or dairy section.2. The people who work there are NOT nice. Well, i should preface this by saying that the meat and fish people are pretty nice, but everyone else . . . not so nice, and I am not some American saying that all the international people who work there look so different and act so mean. I myself was not born in the 48 contiguous, and I cannot get over how terse and mean the cashiers are (I have had one really nice man!), and it leaves a bad taste in your mouth because they are the last people you will encounter at the farmer's market. GEESH! oh and speaking of the cashiers, make sure you have either cash or debit, because that is all they take.oh . . . and to those who receive food stamps, they do accept EBT, which I think is wonderful, because most places that have amazing, fresh food do not, and everyone deserves fresh amazing food!
<review# 2039,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2008,11/3/2008,15,16,10,5,9>Dear Lord, Please send me a Mexican Restaurant close to work with Lobster Tacos a la carte, quick attentive service and cheese dip you want to smother your food in.Sincerely, Kellyp.s. a strong margarita would be nice too.The Lord has answered my prayers and it is called Nuevo Laredo Cantina.  An institution in Mexican food, no wonder it has been named the best Mexican Food in Atlanta.  A little tricky to find at first, but once you locate it, there is no forgetting the way back.  Get there and put your name on the waiting list.  It can be awhile, but they are more than happy to serve you and your friends a pitcher of maragaritas while you wait in the parking lot.  It's worth the wait!!!
<review# 2040,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/13/2008,11/2/2008,35,125,34,23,23>MARTA is what it is.  It's relatively cheap and the trains, at least, are reliable.  MARTA could be a whole lot better, but there are a couple of parties to blame here.  First and foremost, I'd fault the fine folks in Gwinnett, Cobb, and other OTP suburbs who keep MARTA from expanding into the rest of the state.  If they weren't so petrified of a nightmare army of THOSE PEOPLE (which is simply a polite way of saying "black folks") coming into their neighborhoods to steal their TVs and rape their kids and whatever else it is frightened suburbanites think black people do, I might be able to get from my house in Decatur to my job in Buford without having to brave the insanity that is 285.These are also the same people who complain about gas being $4 a gallon when they're driving two-ton sixteen passenger SUVs that get six miles to the gallon.  But hey, they feel safer that way, and it keeps them from having to be around any poor people, so it's totally worth it, right?  I wish I could drive a bulldozer through your subdivision and then put down railroad tracks through the remnants of your oversized living room.  I want to put a bus stop on top of your filled-in swimming pool.  I want cheap, reliable and efficient light commuter rail running from Gainesville to Griffin.  I want buses and streetcars that run useful routes and go where we need to get to.  I don't just want your cars to be obsolete, Metro Atlanta; I want your entire useless, wasteful, self-centered way of life to die and go to hell.The biggest problem with MARTA, I guess, is that it just doesn't go far enough.
<review# 2041,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2008,11/1/2008,688,73,8,13,15>A GREAT CUPCAKE STEALS ME FROM EVERYTHING. The epitome of a kid snack, the kind your mother makes in abundance for a birthday at school, or simply you and your friends on a Saturday afternoon - I had forgotten what they could be.The possibility and excitement of a simple, powerful punch of sweet-cake-specialty halfway wrapped in thin paper with ridges. Better than a slice of cake because the entire creation is mine. All of it mine and no one elses. Childish indulgence with frosted love and joy.Believe the hype, the stories are true and Matty Cakes delivers on all levels. The specialty cakes and cupcakes are everything you want them to be. The staff, while busy mixing and crafting, are more than willing to answer a question, and if you're lucky, hand out a few of their glorious mistakes or delicious extras.
<review# 2042,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/25/2008,10/30/2008,343,405,33,11,22>***To Fergie's "Fergalicious"Four, tre, two, uno[Joel I Am]Listen up ya'll, Cuz this is itThe lunch that I'm eatin' is de-li-cious[Verse 1 - Joely]Figolicious definition food deliciosoFresh pasta, cesar salad, Bolognese and parmesanoRavioli, AntipastiInsalate, The PaniniThese my reasons why I eat hereAnd why I come throughout the year[Hook 1]Figolicious (Figolicious)But I am hungryliciousAnd if you was suspiciousAll that food is real scrumptiousI blow kisses (mmmwwahhh)And dip the bread in oil, oilWaitin' for my pasta while the water starts to boil (four, tre, two, uno)[Chorus]So delicious (It's hot, hot)So delicious (I put the cheese on top, top)So delicious (they wanna taste of what I got)Figolicious (t-t-t-t-t-tasty, tasty)
<review# 2043,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2008,10/29/2008,4,10,6,5,6>Not just for Dog Owners!  I looovvveee going to the Dog Park.  Usually, my trip to Piedmont Park consists of a walk around the park, or some sort of exercise around the track or around the paths throughout Piedmont; but the best part of my day is going to the Dog Park.  It started last year when I needed to get my Dog fix.  I love dogs, because they have so much personality; and watching them run around the Dog Park interacting with each other makes me laugh and relax.  At the time, I guess I missed my little dachshund back in Memphis, but she has since passed on.  Now, I know that I simply enjoy a moment of Zen by being around these little furry creatures.For people looking to do something simple to get away, I highly suggest this.  Walk up to the fence.  Relax.  And, watch these guys run around.  They are hilarious!  For example, there was one time when I saw a bulldog who got unleashed and was soo excited to be there.  First, he ran to a rock.  Then, he ran to the water and played in it.  Then, he ran to the other side of the park and back.  While he was doing this, the other dogs looked at each other and seemed to think, "This guy knows something!"  Before you knew it, this little bulldog had every other dog in the park following him.  It was a nice little moment...  You can tell, though, that the dogs get a little depressed when they leave, sort of like when you take a kid away from his or her friends for the evening.Anyway, I thought I would share my happy thought/place.  If you need other encouragement, I've heard of a lot of relationships coming out that area.  (Human to Human)  A lot of them involve non-dog owners.  I guess the real trick is avoiding looking like a doggie pedophile/stalker.Get out!  Go watch the dogs!
<review# 2044,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2008,10/28/2008,27,84,4,7,8>I have one word for you:  POUTINE.If you don't know what it is, I suggest you find out, which you can do at The Bureau.  It reminds me of home and is the (un)official dish of the Province of Quebec.  It's a wonderful thing and the poutine at The Bureau does the dish justice.  The gravy is delicious, the french fries are great (and I think are hand cut) and the piece de resistance, cheese curds, were melted and gooey.  The combination is perfection.The only other items I tasted were the deviled eggs (a quadruplet of eggs: one with lardon, one with gherkins, one with red pepper and one with scallions?) and the pork belly with cannelloni beans.  The deviled eggs were so good and so simple.  The pork belly with the beans was great -- as one in my group said last night "Pork belly is the new foie gras".  There's some julienned green apples on top, which add the perfect tang and crisp and the beans underneath were perfectly cooked.  It is a great take on pork and beans.So, after I got over my giddiness at seeing poutine on the menu, I was able to thoroughly enjoy my surroundings.  It's one of the most beautiful bars I have seen in Atlanta.  Everything is done in browns and is really warm.  There's a gallery attached to the top level which had some really great pieces being displayed (if you go soon, check out the blowfish).  The top bar is welcoming and is very cool on its own.  Then you go downstairs and it gets even cooler.  Laura F. did a great job of describing the space, so check out her review.I will definitely be back very soon (like tomorrow and the next day and the next).  One final note:  everyone who worked there was so friendly it really made the experience even better, if that's possible.
<review# 2045,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2008,10/27/2008,97,42,5,10,7>So many factors make this place a favorite, to many to even mention actually.  A few being:  Its a block away from my house... owned and run by the absolutely cutest cuban family Ive ever met... food is great and the quality never waivers... and my favorite being that it is still completely under the radar (location maybe?) and I can always get a table.Yucca Frites, need I say more?  Spot on.  All the time.  My biggest advice for ordering is to stick to the hyper-traditional stuff offered, dont be shy and just stick to sandwiches; because this is definitely a great place to feel adventurous and try some new stuff.  Cuban beers are also on the menu, which I had never been exposed to, and was pleasantly surprised by.Oh, and the place to sit is the patio... it adds an ambiance of what a true neighborhood restaurant is suppose to be.Cheers.
<review# 2046,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2008,10/26/2008,122,348,6,8,8>The Just Veggin' sandwich here is so good! And the Limonetta fruit cup blew me away. It had a flavor like I have never experienced before. I felt healthy after eating my lunch here. I can't believe I haven't tried this little place till now. They've got a repeat customer on their hands! I can see myself dreaming about that delicious fruit cup tonight!
<review# 2047,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2008,10/24/2008,36,89,3,7,7>First of all, I love the location.  Zuma is in a very walkable area, so even though parking isn't perfect here, there are plenty of ways to park as close as possible and walk to the restaurant.  If you were to cross the street and walk around to the back of Johnny's Pizza, you would find the Freedom Parkway bike/walk path.  So, for those of you who frequent this path anyway, add Zuma to your list of great places you can access easily from the path.  As for the food, it was great.  The sashimi was very fresh and the pieces are all pretty good size.  Some of the specialty rolls listed on the menu say you will only get three pieces but we ended up with at least five of each.  I also have to mention that the miso soup was great.  I don't quite know how to explain it - I think it was a difference in the broth - but it was a little more high-test than the usual miso soup I'm used. to.  The prices are a little higher here, although I think justifiable for the simple fact that it's higher quality and certainly fresher.  Their wine and sake list is pretty good too.  For a nice sushi dinner, Zuma is definitely a great place to go.
<review# 2048,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2008,10/23/2008,122,91,6,11,8>I have an attraction/repulsion thing going on with Spoken Word, Poetry Night, Open Mics, alla that. It SEEMS like I should like them, because I consider myself artistic, creative and eclectic in my tastes. And I have natural hair. But for the most part, so do all the poets, and it's tiring listening to so many people take themselves so seriously for such a long time. BUT. I had to overcome my aversion this weekend when a friend from Detroit wanted to go to an authentic Atlanta Poetry Night. I learned my lesson--stay open to the new. I loved the joint! The talent ranged from conscious poets, to silly singers, and even a crunk-tastic rapper from Decatur thrown in--and I loved them all. An added bonus was the ragga selector (DJ) spinning on the back patio. Until it got a little too "fragrant" for those of us who need to keep a clean drug test. The highlight of the night was an impromptu performance from N'Dambi, the soul sista who sang backup for Erykah Badu and has two solo albums. It was a magical, mesmerizing night. I will be back.
<review# 2049,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2008,10/22/2008,179,339,5,4,6>My honey took me to Java Jive for breakfast as his frig/cabinets were empty!  When we walked in, it was like stepping back in time and I scoped the room for a table that had similar colors to the table I remember my grandmother having and that's where we sat.  It was so cool and brought back some nice memories!  Also, thought it was neat that there was a collection of old stoves, fans, toasters and signs on display.  The tunes playing overhead only added to this retro atmosphere.I ordered the Mediterranean scrambled eggs - sun dried tomatoes, red peppers, feta cheese and spinach.  They were excellent!  Also, ordered wheat toast (trying to be healthy).  The bread was so tasty I didn't put butter or jelly on it - definitely wasn't your average sliced bread out of the bag.  The home fries had a nice seasoning and were not greasy.  Kudos for that!I hope my honey forgets to stock his frig/cabinets more often.  I love this place!
<review# 2050,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2008,10/21/2008,6,26,1,6,3>I came across Dr. Feil through a referral at my job.  I've had the same dentist for 10 years, so I was a little hesitant once I moved to Atlanta. I had a very good experience with the office staff and the tech that took my xrays.  Dr. Feil was very personable, and his staff gets a thumbs up. I got my teeth cleaned and filled out their survey once I got home.  I had a few issues/questions, and by the next morning, I received a call to correct the issues I had.  I can not say how pleased I was with this.   My husband was with me and they even took his xrays, even though his appt was at a later date.  I definitely recommend this office.  My biggest pet peeve is having an appt and waiting around for an hour to be seen. This was not the case here.  So they are a winner in my book.
<review# 2051,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2008,10/20/2008,50,159,10,9,9>When I saw the new J Christopher's in Kennesaw, I think I just about punched my boyfriend in the face from excitement. Good thing he was driving. Ok. Hello! Kenneslaw has nothing like this. We've been driving to the Sandy Springs location to get our JChris fixes. And now, thanks to Yelp, I know that there are a couple in Marietta, too. But little good that does me now that Kennesaw has its own within walking distance of the mall and, more importantly, biking distance of my apartment! Not like I would suggest ever attempting to ride a bicycle after a meal here, though. Barf.Anywho - what's not to love about this place? Actually, I can think of one thing. Yes, the wait. At almost every location that I've been to (okay, only Duluth, Windward, and Sandy Springs) there is a massive wait on the weekends! I mean like 30 minutes or more. But Kennesaw? Nope...we walked right in and sat down at 10:30 on a Sunday morning! This is unheard of, people. That was the first wonderful surprise.The second was the service. Usually, JChris is so busy that the waitperson and our party exchange very few words. Today, we actually had a conversation! Yes...it was grand. I was tempted to say that she was a tad on the chatty side, but then I remembered that we're only used to the other extreme - no talking! Oh and the food you ask? Delicious as always. If you've never been (shame on you), it's the traditional breakfast place with juices, coffee, eggs, pancakes, etc. But I do recommend one of their renowned skillets. It's cool...they bring it out in an actual cast-iron skillet nice and warm.The decor is pretty much the same at all of the locations. Bright paint, lots o art and the ever-convenient breakfast bar. Very cheerful. To be honest, though, I'm sort of expecting this location to not do so well. They're in a really bad location and I really don't think that the Kennesaw market will take it in. I guess we'll see! I know that I will be making plenty of return visits.
<review# 2052,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2008,10/19/2008,113,103,2,6,5>I liked the decor. Very clean, had just the right amount of light, comfortable, and authentically Japanese.  Hayakawa the owner introduced himself and I learned that he worked at MF for many of years and that's when I got really excited. I loooove MF sushi and I lit up at the thought of another sushi house stepping up to the plate and able to play in the same league.  The sushi was good, and yes, comparable to MF Sushi. I ordered the omakase to test the waters.  Fresh, and beautifully presented Haya-san artfully composed a beautiful dish and explained in detail where each of the fish had come from and what to expect. Then he surprised us by going in the back to get his special homemade soy sauce and told us to use that instead of the stuff on the table. Honestly I couldn't tell much of a difference between the homemade soy sauce and the soy sauce I normally use. I did appreciate the warm and generous gesture and just knowing that it was homemade made me prefer it. Once the dish came out, I knew this guy knew what he was doing. He uses the natural ginger instead of the pink artificially colored and sweetened stuff you see everywhere else. Kudos!My boyfriend ordered the Unagi roll which he loved and likened to a steak -meaty and tasty. (He's a sucker for Unagi.) The chef who made it was new at making sushi, so the presentation was a little off. It was still tasty and I would have to say Haya-san made up for it with his work.For dessert we had the red bean ice cream which was yummmy! I loved it. It had a creaminess to it and it wasn't too sweet (like many red bean ice creams I've had in the past). Now the moment of truth. Which one's better? Hayakawa or MF?I really enjoyed my experience at Hayakawa. It's a small place where you get a lot of personal attention and amazing service. We ended up talking with two really interesting and vivacious people next to us at the sushi bar. We were probably there for almost 3 hours having a great time eating good sushi and immensely enjoying great conversation with our new friends. In my opinion, MF has better salmon. And I am a MF Sushi salmon whore. I will eat anything Massa makes that includes salmon and some of his concoctions blow my mind. I believe MF uses Scottish Salmon. The fish literally melts in your mouth. It's quite amazing and I haven't had anything like it elsewhere. MF is also closer to where I live. Going to Buford Hwy to Sushi House Hayakawa is a bit of a trek for me. Both restaurants are top notch and offer different things. One thing is for sure- Haya-san gave us such a pleasurable and authentic experience that we'll have to go back and visit him very soon.
<review# 2053,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/2/2008,10/17/2008,817,996,8,7,8>Today, Miss Carrie Neal had a triple treat. I am just beside myself, really. Why, you ask? Read on, friends.First, a new place that I loved! Second, it was delish! But most importantly? I had lunch with my first-ever crush! Seriously! The boy I liked in the third grade. We carpooled all through school, and were good friends through high school, hadn't seen each other in years, and I ran across his brother on Facebook which is how he and I connected. I promise I'm not making this up.But back to Highland Bakery.....He works at the Capitol and picked the spot. Even though I'd recently been living in the Highlands, I'd never been (shame on me!). It is precious - and the menu is awesome! He had the chicken salad sandwich, one of his regular picks, which was good-as-always. I had one of the best grilled cheeses I've ever had - I got it on a baguette instead of the usual rosemary bread, and added tomato and avocado to the white cheddar standard. Both sandwiches came with chips.Service was friendly and efficient. Friends of mine have told me about the place forever and I've heard that the peanut butter french toast is sinful - I may have to go back for brunch just to try it, and my lunch friend also recommends the mediterranean sammy as a great choice.All-around, it was a home run meal!
<review# 2054,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2008,10/16/2008,177,122,1,12,8>5 stars goes to the extremely knowledgable and friendly staff. (btw, the Silver Comet Depot has recently been purchased and has new owners. Really cool bunch of guys.) I consider myself a walker/ runner but today on this lovely Saturday afternoon we decided we'd join the abundance of other people who chose to take it to the trail on wheels and rent ourselves some spiffy bikes and do the same. The staff (one gentleman in particular but we didn't catch his name) was extremely helpful and friendly. One of the employees of the SCD gave us the run down on how you can go about renting either roller blades, skates or cycles and the options you have. There are 3 choices with the bikes, you've got the mountain bike or what they call the standard, the racer which is what i've noticed wizzing pass me on numerous days looking as though they are preparing for tour de france (which I wouldn't be surprised if most of them are) and if you're looking for something more comfortable on the tush then there's what I would call a low rider or more like a rowing machine bicycle type of contraption (it sits lowwww to the ground and works your legs without causing the soreness that other bikes do because of the tiny seats and their upright position). We chose to go with the standards which if you're just looking to go on an energizing yet relaxing bike ride along the trails or just in general then this is the bike for you. Plus the wheels are larger which if you haven't been on a bike in some time would probably be better balance wise. I would highly recommend stopping by and checking these guys out if you're interested in renting a bike or roller blades, possibly purchasing a bicycle, or if you already have a bicycle and need repairs or regular maintenance done. If you're new to cycling then these guys can help. You've got a question they've got an answer. Btw, since there is new ownership now they will be having a re-grand opening sale sometime in April. If you check out their web site I think you can sign up for their email list for future updates and also if you're looking for free info about running, racing, cycling or triathilons they've got plenty of free newsletters inside of the store. Hope that helped and i'll see you on the trail!
<review# 2055,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2008,10/15/2008,69,132,2,11,8>Wow, looking back over my reviews, I was shocked to find I had only given Gilbert's 4 stars... Since writing my first review, which was based only on the brunch experience, I have been back to Gilbert's several times, mostly for lunch and dinner.  I must say, though the brunch is great, I'm actually more impressed with the lunch and dinner.       The dinner menu ranges from sandwiches to Mediterranean favorites like spanikopita and baba ganoush to more high end entrees like lamb tenderloin.  By the way, these are the entrees that are half price on Mondays, meaning you can get lamb tenderloin for 10 bucks.  Hard to beat that!     Being the fan of variety that I am, I *love* the way the lunch menu is laid out.  They have an impressive list of the aforementioned Mediterranean favorites of which you can choose 2 or 3 for a combo.  Of course, you can get one of the delicious gyros too if you're so inclined.        Seems like everyone's already touched on this, but the atmosphere and service are amazing.  The servers are super friendly; I think one of them even brought us shots on the house one night!  Speaking of the drinks, the tiramisu martini is TO DIE FOR!!  It's made with marscapone cheese blended in.  I think that says it all.  I also really love the atmosphere of Gilbert's as a bar too.     There are not very many places that I would honestly frequent for brunch/lunch, dinner, and drinks, but Gilbert's definitely has it all and is quickly becoming one of my favorite places in Atlanta!
<review# 2056,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/25/2008,10/12/2008,94,50,6,7,8>They have some crazy business hours, especially for an Asian restaurant.  Luckily, we finally caught lunch here.  And boy am I glad we came here.  First, the space is funky and cool.  The rotunda-esque building has little stained glass work here and there with tables and booths.  Too bad it's on Buford Hwy, it'd be an awesome lounge.Though it's not partying all night long here, the food was definitely a party in my mouth.  The pickled/spiced cucumber was nice to have upon sitting.  I love stuff like that - something tart and sour and sweet.  I'd eat it all the time if I could get it at a store.   Winter Melon Clam Soup was very refreshing, light and clean taste.  If you're looking for something to wake you up this will do it, lots of ginger and yummy winter melon.  Leeks and Smoked Pork is heaven in your mouth!  Dan Dan Noodles were very good here - nice flavor, if you want hotter add some chili paste.  Mustard Greens and Duck Claypot was not what I expected but still delicious.  Lots of bean vermicelli noodles and mustard greens in the soup.  Reminds me of mom's cooking.With such a large variety of items on the menu, I don't know why people order beef broccoli (like the policemen that were near us).  Try something different, you may like it!
<review# 2057,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2008,10/11/2008,78,71,6,9,8>I have had all of my piercings done here! [insert imagination here]This team of professional body modification experts know exactly what they are doing.Each of my piercings have been pretty spontaneous decisions. With no prior thought or knowledge of what to expect from my piercing experiences, I confidently walk into Kolo each time without any anxiety.The Kolo piercing team has always been very helpful in preparing me for the actual piercing itself. They let you know what they are doing each step of the way starting at the sterilization phase and ending with instructions on healing. With each painless piercing, I have always been able to recommend Kolo to friends considering a new piercing, I even bought a piercing pal with me once.The jewelry collection tempts me to continually modify my body just so I can wear the cool jewelry. There's a variety of bone, wood, silver, gold, jade, and any thing else you can imagine in every gauge that your body can stretch to.If you are looking for a team you can trust with putting holes in your body, head to Kolo!
<review# 2058,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/21/2008,10/10/2008,60,152,4,5,6>We threw a small going away party for a friend here on Monday evening and had wonderful service!  Our waiter was attentive without getting in the way of the conversation and the food was perfectly timed--appetizers, entrees and dessert.  None of out party had ever eaten at South City and everyone really enjoyed it--we had a shrimp & grits, a crab hash and the fried chicken which were all wonderful.  The only complaint of the evening was the special, which was a grilled meatloaf.  Unfortunately the meatloaf came out very, very dry and flavorless.  It was actually really hard to cut into!  Knowing me, I had to try the mac & cheese (my b/f and I actually share this as an appetizer and yuuum)!  It come out in a little iron skillet fresh from the oven and very gooey with cheese.I would defintely to back, but Food Studio is still my favorite of the 5th group restaurants.
<review# 2059,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2008,10/9/2008,357,369,6,10,9>Brunch is sublime.  The buttermilk cornmeal pancakes are delicate and fluffy and do just well alone, with only pat of butter.  But if you're inclined to go all out: the pancakes are topped with warm berry compote [the good stuff, not that syrupy, bootleg nasty stuff] and cinnamon-infused creme fraiche. We weren't in the mood for salmon or rabbit -- the two Benedict options for the day -- but we were readily accommodated with steak instead.  The corn soup was phenomenal and can heal all wounds.
<review# 2060,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2008,10/8/2008,787,655,13,11,11>Ooooo a catfish po-boy that tasted good enough to make me wanna slap my mama! Accompanied by some Cajun spice french fries, which were so good that I ate all of them on my way home, saving none for my man-sorry! They were all out of jambalaya, red beans and rice, and the fried turkey-dangit!! Must be popular choices. They also have Boudain balls, if your feeling a lil' gutsy *wink,wink*! The have all sorts of New Orleans goodies for sale including Snow balls that come in probably over 20 flavors including red velvet!  Parking lot is TINY, but there is also a drive-through for convenience. They are also open Late night I believe the server said Monday through Thursday until 12, and on the weekends until 2am! ( the sign on the door only states open until 10pm)On a side note... watch out for a shirtless sweaty crackhead while walking back to your car!!
<review# 2061,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2008,10/7/2008,244,602,16,12,11>At the risk of sounding like a broken record, (for the benefit of you kids, "records" are what we old people used to listen to before CDs and downloading the mtvs into your ipads), I'm no longer allowed to eat at Green Tomatoes.  Not only is it lipid-laden Southern food but it's ALL YOU CAN EAT Southern food.  After my first check-up, I still ate here because I was following the wisdom of Yoda: "Do or do not. There is no triglyceride."  But when the second check-up came back not-so-surprisingly worse than the first, it was time to retire Green Tomatoes.So why was GT worth endangering myself?  Well, the food is pretty good.  It's actually pretty standard school cafeteria food, Salisbury steak, whipped potatoes, deviled eggs, and, yes, fried green tomatoes.  There's a lot to choose from and the price ($6 for lunch) is a great value.  I'm vindicated on this by the presence of several Georgia Power and Cobb EMC trucks in the parking lot.  Seriously, if you want to know a good place to eat at a better value, follow the bucket trucks and cop cars.  They ALWAYS know.  Aside from the standard vittles, though, there are two things on that buffet table that draw me back with their siren song:  the fried chicken and yeast rolls.Despite their somewhat unappetizing name, GT's yeast rolls are unbelievably addictive.    I know you're not supposed to eat bread when given a buffet, but this is a good exception.  Save room, however, for their fried chicken.  I don't know what they're doing to their fried chicken (Brining? MSG?  Black magic?  Baby sacrifice?) , but they need to keep on doing it.  It's mostly dark meat (c'mon, the buffet is $6, so whaddya expect?) but fried chicken aficionados know that dark meat is the best.   It's not as spicy as the gold standard Popeye's, but GT's chicken has a less processed, more homemade feel and, yes, it's all you can eat.  I love the stuff.Or, more accurately, loved it.  Sigh.Four stars to you, Green Tomatoes.  Parting is such sweet sorrow.
<review# 2062,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2008,10/5/2008,216,175,5,7,10>It seems as if those who are disappointed in Lime think that Mexican restaurants can only serve bottomless chips and salsa, sugary-sweet premixed margaritas, and liquid cheese topped enchiladas.  Though you may argue that the West Village area could use a cheap, trashy Tex-Mex joint, Lime is definitely not it.  Instead, Lime focuses on sophisticated Mexican cuisine and authentic south of the border flavors.  For instance, their chicken mole taco actually has hints of chocolate and spices, instead of tasteless brown mush that tops most chicken mole here in Atlanta.  When dining here, I tend to stick to the tapas which can range from $2.50 to around $7.00.  There are plenty of tasty options at every price range, and I can create a very satisfying meal for a reasonable price on that side of the menu.  Lime has a nice variety of drinks that are expertly crafted from fresh ingredients.  They are definitely expensive, but are strong enough to have my wife get all giggly around the (admittedly attractive) bartender/server.  And while that alone is enough for me to make sure there are no "girls nite out" at Lime, it is enough to ensure that we will come here regularly.  Though the kitchen closes at 10 on weekdays, their bar seems to stay open until people feel like leaving, and they recently added Sunday hours that include a brunch that I'm very excited to try.  I'm glad I finally got a chance to try Lime, and it's fast becoming a favorite in the Wallace household.
<review# 2063,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2008,10/4/2008,63,63,12,12,8>I, like all the other girls here, probably experienced the same thing. Intimacy changed my life--seriously. All that goo I thought was armpit fat is actually part of my boobs.... who knew?So, I went down a couple band sizes and up a couple cup sizes when I first went to Intimacy. Not only did I think this was a drastic improvement in the appearance of my figure, but my SO (now my husband) thought so too. Once you get fitted at Intimacy, you can buy at high-end sites like figleaves.com or Agent Provacateur (which runs small--be warned).You should go back regularly to have your bras refitted and to be resized, just in case. It's also never a bad idea to go to Intimacy during the regular clearances and the sales on Hanky Panky panties (which really are as awesome as others report). Good stuff. Use the information you gain at Intimacy for your own benefit, but at certain points the customer service is worth it!
<review# 2064,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2008,10/3/2008,352,299,7,9,10>Say "Paddywax." Now say it five more times. It's a funny word, kinda like "monkey." I digress ... Paddywax is a line of charming candles that come in a variety of colors, sizes and delicious scents. AND THEY HAVE A FACTORY OUTLET STORE! I mean, candles aren't THAT expensive to begin with, but having the original cheap price slashed down to a few bucks is quite the bonus.The only negative is that the assaulting aroma that hits you upon your entrance may prevent you from having the ability to smell each individual candle and decide accordingly. Thus, you just have to trust your initial reaction to the color and name of the scent and purchase.
<review# 2065,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/30/2008,10/2/2008,145,240,4,11,8>I don't make it to Castleberry Hill very often. It's not that I have something against this quickly growing area. Hell, it's a really cool place with TONS of urban lofts towering over its streets. It's just that when I think of places to eat, restaurants in Castleberry Hill are not the first that come to mind. Thankfully, a buy one/get one free coupon for No Mas persuaded me to head over to this side of town and check out the restaurant and surrounding neighborhood.When one approaches the stairway to enter the large patio/entrance of No Mas, it's clearly apparent that they've put a lot of effort into decorations and design. Everything looks custom made including hanging glass fixtures and a fence with inlaid glass-work. Inside is the same idea. While many reviewers show love for the look of No Mas, I find it to be somewhat thrown together. It's not hard to look at, it's just a lot to look at. I found the food to be pretty damn good and I was not expecting much based on what I had heard and read on Yelp. I really like the chips and salsa here. While the chips aren't the yellow corn variety, they are still good and the salsa's flavor is different than most around town. I ordered the fajitas with steak and chicken. Typically I find steak in fajita dishes to be tough, but this was tender as could be and delicious. The chicken however, was cooked with skin on (I found this to be strange). Prices are a bit high for Mexican, but quality is definitely higher than most spots.If you do the math:Great Patio + Friendly Service + Good Food = Definitely worth a return trip.
<review# 2066,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2008,10/1/2008,16,28,,7,5>A month or so ago, I heard that an Italian deli was going in on Edgewood between Boulevard and the Connector... closer to the Connector. I smiled wistfully to myself and sadly shook my head. While I admired the tenacity of anyone willing to push that far into the hood, I was fairly confident the extension was too far and the new small deli would be engulfed in people willing to watch your car for $1.My opinion has changed since they opened on July 28, 2008.Noni is no little deli shop. It is a full on restaurant and bar in a well built out space full of exposed brick and heavy, dark and natural wood that just happens to have a "to go" counter if you are in a hurry during lunch. The fare consists of sandwiches and pastas that are derived from one of the owner's grandma's recipes. THE LOCATIONThis is still pretty sketchy, but I believe they are going to have some security around during the neighborhood transition. Overall it's fine, just watch you're back. THE SPACEThere is a patio with seating for about 20 people with a centralized fountain (not up and running at time of opening), a bar that sits probably another 15-20, and then two different dining areas. Good ambiance (low lighting, a few nooks and crannies), but still a big open space.THE FOODIt's good. I like it. And even though I generally don't like to review places that have just opened (there are always some issues to iron out), here are some of the high points.Marinara Sauce - mmmmmmmmmmmmm.... thick and tangy. It is very much like the sauce my Auntie makes - straight from the old country. Really good.Bolognese Sauce - this is good as well, but I prefer the marinaraMeatballs - Good size and not inundated with breadcrumbs so they are still moist. Also, a very nice seasoning - subtle and delicious.Veggie Sandwich - grilled eggplant, portobella, zucchini, homemade mozzarella, pesto and olive oil on pumpernickel. A nice blend of enticingly fresh tastes.I think these guys have a winner and I'm looking forward to working my way through the rest of their menu!
<review# 2067,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/2/2008,9/30/2008,215,493,7,11,11>I went here with a group of Yelpers during Buckhead Life's Ultimate Restaurant Week.  This meant that I could order from a specially priced three course menu which was a good deal.  My first course was a salad with Hen of the Woods mushrooms.  I did enjoy the salad but it was not very remarkable.  The mushrooms were indeed small but they were tasty, although I am not sure I would order this salad again.  I deviated from the set menu and had the lobster bisque next.  It was good bisque and it was tasty but it was certainly not my favorite lobster bisque in town even at $10 a bowl.  My entree was a fish course - I had the scallops with a fish of my choice from the regular menu, and I chose the halibut.  The scallops were divine - really, really tasty and perfectly cooked.  The halibut was good but it was awfully dried out.  I want to cut them some slack on this since I was getting the special cheap menu but I was kinda disappointed in the halibut.For dessert, as others mentioned, they were out of the dessert of my choice and the server sort of pushed the cheesecake on us (I wish he would have offered the creme brulee).  The cheesecake was mediocre.  My first choice was key lime pie and I was so looking forward to it and the cheesecake was a poor substitution for what I really wanted.The service was very good and I liked my wine by the glass options.  I also enjoyed sitting at the bar while drinking a glass of wine and waiting for my friends to arrive because I was able to watch this poor lobster on ice trying valiantly to escape from his captivity (But, where would you go, little guy?  Do you think the floor is safer?  It's dangerous down there!).  I also like the decor with all the tile and the bathrooms are nice, too.I might return because I do want to believe that my food was lackluster because I ordered from the special menu but, still, I expected better.
<review# 2068,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2008,9/29/2008,161,173,10,9,10>Where else can you do all the things Kit described, get a rockin good japa-leno corn dog, swill a warm six pack and watch two new run movies all from the comfort of your own ride, all for under ten bones?NO WHERE, I tells ya'.I wait impatiently all winter for the Drive in to open up all six screens. The fine folks at the Starlight are keeping a time honored American tradition alive. Atlanta's love our cars, so why not enjoy take em' to the movies?I love the events at the Drive in, I never miss a Monster Bash and celebrate my birthday every year at The Drive Invasion. As a proud owner of a mini van, I've got it made. I can load up every possible want or need, food, booze, grill, chairs, even a shade tent. Then park my caravan and spread it all out. Watching the sunset over the landfill, roasting weenies or snarfing on a corndog. Mixing up libations during the previews and finally, settling in for a 4 hour cinema treat. No one kicks the back of your chair, no squeezing past knees to pee or grab munchies. and the coup de grace? I can smoke like a chimney and no one can whine about it. Hell yeah. I love the drive in.
<review# 2069,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2008,9/28/2008,5,21,,7,3>This is the first place I've been to because of a listing on Yelp. Once I found it, I wasn't disappointed. It should be pointed out that it is on the back of Ansley Mall. You need to drive around the back and the road is one-way. If you're facing Publix, go to the right side of the building and around the back. Watch out for big trucks which may be blocking your way!Once you get there however the experience is wonderful. The staff is very friendly and helpful. There is free coffee, plenty of seating, machines, and 75¢ detergent if you forget yours at home (like I did).
<review# 2070,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2008,9/27/2008,71,72,4,5,7>Went on Saturday night on a UYE and had an absolute wonderful time. The show that night was "The Complete Works of William Shakespeare (abridged)"Just three actors recreate all 37 plays in 2 hours.  Of course their versions are a little bit different than you have ever seen them ~ and a whole lot funnier! The actors also interact with the audience which adds to the experience.The venue is very intimate. We sat in the balcony and I still felt close to the stage.  The main floor has tables and the balcony has a small ledge. I didn't try the food but the beers were nice and cold.  I am interested in seeing another performance of a full Shakespeare play to see how they interpret it.  This was a great place for a really good time with a group of friends.  Give it a go.
<review# 2071,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2008,9/26/2008,224,570,4,3,4>My wife hasn't stopped raving about the blackened shrimp and scallop po' boy and lobster bisque she had for lunch.  The scallops were fat, juicy sea scallops, and the heat was more than she expected but still manageable because of the creamy sauce.As a vegetarian, I was thinking I'd just get the muffaletta with double cheese and olive dressing instead of meat, but our server candidly recommended against that, explaining that it would still look like two slabs of bread with a little bit of filling.  So I took his recommendation for a vegetable plate with a garden salad (very good, with mandarin oranges and pecans that went well with the poppyseed dressing), a pile of broccoli, and a pile of quartered disks of zucchini and squash.  The veggies were simple but honest, obviously fresh rather than frozen, and served with ready-to-melt pats of butter for those who wanted flavor rather than just dietetic fare.The chalkboard in our room was appropriate both to the impending Labor Day holiday and to my wife's profession.  It was a quote attributed to Aristotle: "The end of labor is to gain leisure."  None of the staff knew where Aristotle had asserted that, but a few minutes at home allowed me to confirm that it's from his Nicomachean Ethics, book X, line 1177b5.  Now you know -- and knowing is half the dorkiness.
<review# 2072,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2008,9/25/2008,57,149,2,3,3>You can usually tell the quality of a Mexican restaurant by the quality of their tortilla chips.  And Bone Garden has some damn good chips with just the right amount of salt.  The salsa is just OK.  But then again I'm a communist who hates cilantro.  There's something I just don't like about that herb.Overall, the food is excellent.  The empenadas are to die for.  And I absolutely adore the roasted veggie tacos.  I didn't care for the brisket or pork enchiladas as much.  The filling was tasty, but the tomatillo sauce has copious amounts of cilantro in it.  The side item to try is the corn on the cob covered with butter and chili powder.
<review# 2073,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2008,9/24/2008,440,453,3,9,7>For the past year I have been under the impression that this place was closed.The tint is so damn dark on the windows, I thought it had gone out of business a year ago...."Damn", I thought, another missed opportunity.But it turns out that it really wasnt, and Scalini's had been open all along.  So during a wait to add more memory on my computer at Best Buy i decided to slip in and grab a quick bite.Scalinis is actually "old skool Italian" classy.  Filled with deep dark colors and white linen table cloths...Scalinis is comfortable and classy, and some might say a bit impressive.Kinda like that "impressive" where you say..."damn, I didnt know all this was back here".The hostess was extremely polite and seated me quickly.  My server was a young lady that was extremely attentive, quick, professional and kind.  Scalini's actually has an "early bird special" where all pasta dishes are $9.95 between 4pm and 6pm.My server suggested the Chicken Alfredo, but I decided to go with the Meatball and sausage lasagna which she said was "huge". Definitely not a mistake, the dish was excellent, and yes, it was pretty big (not sure I'd say huge).  The Italian sausage in the lasagna works well, it is a tad bit spicy, but still tasty nonetheless.I think I was more so impressed with the salad and the bread....just like Olive Garden you get as much as you want, and the dressing that they use with the salad is some type of really GOOOOOD italian vinagarette.  i am sure its calories central but it was good....even better were the soft, hot rolls that they bring out smothered in a butter/garlic sauce....YES! I know its horrible....but I'll just have to pay the price for those cuz i killed em!I really like Scalinis.  Although I havent had much Italian food in Atlanta, this spot was definitely a well received surprise...
<review# 2074,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2008,9/23/2008,527,87,16,16,14>I helped my girl Kelly P celebrate her birthday here last night and all I can say is "Wow!"  I must admit, I was fairly intimidated at the thought of visiting such a Restaurant (note the capital R - I feel it's necessary). I mean, this is serious business here; they are not messing around. You can feel how genuine everything is - the service, the food, the atmosphere - it's all just so, SO. That said, once I joined my party, it took me a good 10 minutes (and one large glass of wine) to truly exhale and begin to enjoy the experience fully. It didn't hurt that I was dining with 6 of the most delightful ladies I know. And can I just say, girls really do talk dirty when they're alone together - I felt like Stanford Blatch on a night on the town with Carrie, Samantha, Charlotte and Miranda. Such stories - I was blushing.  And the people watching (once your eyes adjust to the darkness) is top-notch. To me, this is the best course of any dining experience. Here's the meal I had and/or sneaked a taste of off someone else's plate whilst they were in the bathroom touching up their make-up (yet one more advantage to being a man). I'm not going to go in to details because they were all delicious, sublime, perfect - I would order them all again. In fact, this may be the meal I order before I'm finally put to death in the electric chair for having worn two Swatches on one wrist in 1986:Starters Lobster Fritters w/Lemon Zest Honey Mustard Asian Style Meatballs w/Mushroom Soy Jus       Entree10 oz. Ribeye (rare, natch) w/House Steak SauceSidesJalapeno Creamed Corn w/Scallions (a house specialty)Elbow Mac & Cheese Tart w/Truffle Bread Crumbs Scalloped Sweet Potatoes w/Gruyere Twice Baked PotatoesOur server, Matt Coggin, was outstanding - he knew ever nuance of the menu and wine list and directed us toward items he knew we'd like and could afford (hey, this place ain't cheap!) without making us feel uncomfortable. Kudos to him - job well done. Ask for him - you won't be disappointed.By the end of the evening, the room had become warm, inviting and comfortable; it had won me over completely. The only - and I stress ONLY - reason I am not giving it 5 stars is because Javier Bardem was not our waiter. Go. Now. Seriously.
<review# 2075,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2008,9/22/2008,153,307,6,12,9>so this place has wonderful soul food....it might not be the best location...bankhead hwy...but the food is bomb!!! The food is served cafeteria style some of your choices are...fried chicken, meatloaf, oxtales, baked chicken, baked fish, ribs, and liver......they also have wonderful veggies..i usually get a veggie plate...they have mashed potatoes, corn, rice w/ gravy, cabbaege, greens, yams, lima beans, and green beans...some bomb rolls...and you have to get there peach cobbler..and a large lemonade...to die for....their sweet tea is good too......! The line is out the door at lunch so be patient....their food is sooo reasonable you can get a meal, rolls,drink and dessert for about 7.00 :)
<review# 2076,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2008,9/21/2008,458,1067,5,8,7>It took the possibility of missing out on seeing Atlanta's longest running play, but I finally hauled myself over to see "Peachtree Battle" here last weekend.  I was part of a group of Yelpers that Adam R. helped organize and we had a fantastic evening. The play was fabulous and it was everything I had hoped it would be.  Great cast, fun dialogue, and well timed (plus Tanya F. played one of the leading roles).I wouldn't have expected a playhouse to be in the lower level of an office building, but there it was.  Fortunately it was easy to find and remarkably comfortable.  The valet is only $3 and after you park it's just a quick elevator ride downstairs to the theater.Now that I've experienced it I look forward to my next visit very soon.
<review# 2077,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2008,9/20/2008,192,123,3,4,7>WOW! Pretty  much sums up my night at Swerve.You enter into a main room that has a bar in the middle similar to that of Lotus Lounge, you continue to walk to the back and there is another room twice as big the main area, fully equipped with a stage, comfy sofas, and 2 bars, apparently there is an upstairs area where you can see the sky line but someone bought out the area =( didn't get that experience. There is also a third area around the corner from the upstairs but I wasn't too intrigued by the crowd, so I head outside. If it wasn't so nippy that night the outside scenery would have been best, with it's fireplace and waterfalls.This Saturday was costume night, the club had trapeze dancers, light throwers, a flag boy, there was a foxy Cleopatra, Star Wars, I think one girl was dressed as a stripper not 100% sure on that one though, drum roll.....and a prehistoric butterfly.I had an awesome time! What more can a girl ask for, hot guys, live band, relaxed chill scene and $4 beers!!
<review# 2078,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/20/2008,9/18/2008,131,65,4,3,4>What a tiny place! Once you are seated the only way out is to fly or ask everyone to move out to let you escape.  Also, the seats are rather uncomfortable, especially for me since I am rather tall.However, being a small theater, it seemed there were no bad seats... that is to say I think there are no bad VIEWS from the afore-mentioned bad seats.  In fact, I and my date were seated in the furthest back corner and it was a rather decent location... I think better than being in the middle of a row, in the middle of a section with people all around... also better than being in the front row which is just the edge of the "stage" which may have felt like being IN the play (that may have tempted me to trip actors if they came too close).Overall, i did enjoy seeing The Missionary Position (a satyr of the back office consultants for a conservative political candidate) and I would consider returning to the Horizon if there was something in particular showing but the venue itself is not a draw.
<review# 2079,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2008,9/16/2008,94,110,3,17,9>As much as I love to indulge in the sheer enjoyment of eating my way around Atlanta, there is actually another passion in my life that I devote a good deal of time to, as well.  Let me introduce you to StandUp for Kids.  What does StandUp do?  It's summed up best by our Executive Director:   "We are more than an organization, we are a movement with a mission to create a culture that will not tolerate our children living on the streets."StandUp is not your typical nonprofit.  For starters, there aren't any paid staff, not even the ED.  It's run entirely by volunteers.   And not just your average, come out for a day and clean up the park volunteer, either.  Nope.  If you don the Purple Shirt (our signature color), you are setting yourself apart.  It's not all feel-good warm-fuzzies, either.  You have to be willing to do some dirty work.  Sometimes even some boring work.  Clothes have to be sorted.  Dishes have to be washed.  The trash needs to get hauled to the dumpster.But at the end of another exhausting night roaming the streets of downtown, or staffing our drop-in center, we purple people look around and know that...hey, we've done some good.  Kids that were once on the street are now in apartments.  Kids that were kicked out of homes and trying to fend for themselves now have some people to turn to for help.StandUp for Kids is NOT a religious organization.  It is NOT a government agency.  We are a group of people willing to do what it takes to help kids have a better, healthier, happier life than what has been thrown their way thus far.  And it's my favorite way to spend a Wednesday evening.
<review# 2080,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2008,9/15/2008,147,260,14,16,15>If you are not used to Korean style sauna, this place will freak you out.Jeju Sauna recently opened in Duluth and their facility is modeled after traditional Korean bathing houses.  In other words, think lots of mineral water (hot and cold) indoors with strangers, naked.  I know, it sounds really wrong, but just think of a locker room.  They are all naked, you are naked.. nobody cares!  Same principal here.  They have your typical steam room (wooden and stone) and jacuzzi tubs.  After you relaxed plenty, you can go to one of the showers and cool off.  This indoor spa is separated by gender, so no, you won't be seeing that girl's incredible (fake) boobs.  Sorry guys.If you want to be even more adventurous, then head over to the lounge where the restaurant and all different Jjimjilbangs are.  A jjimjilbang is a heated room with minerals that are beneficial to your body.  So you might sweat a bit here.  So I recommend going here before you actually go into the indoor spa room.  If you happen to get hungry while you are here, then head on over to the restaurant, where they serve few snacks and some meals.Overall, a nice place to relax.  It's $25 to enter, but you get to use the entire facility.  So it's not a bad deal.  They also offer numerous massages - from foot massage to facials.  But they can run costly, so just be aware!
<review# 2081,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/30/2008,9/14/2008,8,11,9,6,4>I have the ability to bring out the quirk in folk, but it was on and poppin' at  Depeaux near downtown Decatur tonight.  Yes, the renovated train depot is everything other Yelpers have said: it's got that theme feeling, tasty food (except the crawfish etouffee was blah and the spinach was SWIMMING in a garlic oil), hard to find parking, etc, etc., etc.  My two-bits will be about the service.  Our waiter, sweet as he could be, did not know a lick about the menu.  Or maybe he just takes 1-2 minutes to ponder any question he's asked on a regular basis?  I'm not sure.  Always the jokesters, my friend and I ragged on him a bit and he retorted, "Give me a break.  I don't know anything about seafood.  I'm from Wyoming!"  I had to remind him that there is not one natural body of water in the State of Georgia.  No excuses, my new plains state friend.  He rebutted,"Georgia is so much closer to the water than Wyoming."  Indeed, a good argument.  I was raised in Seattle, a place where water is everywhere.  I gave him a break.  Needless to say, all the questions we had that he couldn't answer right away had nothing to do with seafood.  (Please keep in mind and don't be offended, I've only been to Louisiana twice and both times were long ago.)"I'm curious, what is a Comeaux boudin ball"(an uncomfortable eternity seems to elapse)"Ummm, I think it is red beans and sausage.""In a ball?""Yes, I think it is in a ball."    "Alrighty then.""Ok, I'm also not familiar with maque choux.  What is that?"(another uncomfortable eternity elapses.)"Ummmm, I think this is the one that has corn, okra, and a tomato base sauce.  Kind of like succotash.""Mmm, that sounds good.  I think I'll get that"  (It had great flavors, but the corn was overdone.)As the night wore on we discovered the service was, what should we say, reminiscent of the butler in Mr. Deeds.  For those who have abandoned the no-longer-funny-way-past-his-prime Adam Sandler movies, the butler in Mr. Deeds always seemed to magically appear out of nowhere.  For example, you know those little paper rubber cementy backed things that hold together napkins and silverware?  Snatched off the table in a flash.  A 32 oz size glass of water only a 1/5 consumed--snatched and refilled. (this is a bit of jab at the menu, which lists some prices, for example, at 15 3/4 dollars).  Requested tarter sauce.  Eeeerily slid onto the plate moments later.  I am fan of good service--believing that it should be attentive, but not intrusive.  I don't know if what I experienced was service.  It was more like an encounter with that strange person who wants to talk to you on the train.  You know, they're nice enough that you don't want to be rude and blow them off, but the encounter just seems a bit off and they won't go away.  That was my night at Depeaux.  It wasn't just our server.  The guy who brought our food and the manager who came by also had a strange awkward energy.  Did they try?  Yes.  Would I go back?  Yeah, if I ever get a craving for something spicy or fried.  It helps that I'm near and live in the neighborhood.   Maybe you can try them for happy hour, which seems to be rare in this town.  1/2 price Abitas and mixed drinks.
<review# 2082,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2008,9/13/2008,196,345,9,11,8>Rollerblading is my exercise activity of choice. Unfortunately, I don't really know how to stop other than to roll into the grass and take tiny little steps on the soft ground until the momentum of the wheels runs out. Therefore I can't really do any kind of hill on skates without some kind of panic attack.For awhile, every time I mentioned this to people, they would tell me about the Silver Comet Trail. It's totally flat, they'd say, and it goes all the way to Alabama! No, but seriously, are there any hills?, I'd ask. Am I going to kill dogs or small children when I barrel out of control on a downward incline? Am I going to have to take off my skates and walk a quarter mile in my socks? No, you'll be fine! they'd respond. It's great!Even so, I had not originally planned on going ALONE. I needed someone to scrape me off the ground if my informants were wrong, after all. But there came a weekend where I was supposed to go out of town and did not end up going at the last minute, had made no alternate plans, and was bored. So off I went to the Silver Comet Trail. More precisely, off I went to *google* the Silver Comet Trail to figure out how to get there. There were numerous "trail heads" listed.  I chose Mavell Road. No problem getting there, and no problem parking on a beautiful Sunday afternoon at 2 PM. I strapped on my rollerblades and dorky pads, and moved toward the paved path, complete with a dotted yellow line just like a real road. Not caring which direction to head in, I just picked one. Within two minutes, I was on a narrow path next to an apartment complex, scaling a steep hill that had sharp curves, feeling betrayed by my friends. There was no way I would be able to get back down on my wheels alive. Still, I pushed on, thinking that maybe this was just the way to get from the parking lot to the flat part.At the top of the treacherous hill, I found myself skating next to a major highway on one side and a series of strip malls on the other. This was not the pleasant forest scenery I had been promised. I began to see signs that said "Silver Comet Connector." I also noticed that I was virtually alone on this trail, except for a bike cop. This clued me in that perhaps this strange part "connected" to the real trail, and I needed only suffer through a bit of this to get there. So I kept following the marked trail. I reached an intersection, and the sign on my path said turn right. So I did, and followed the path, which dead ended shortly thereafter. What?! Was I supposed to cross this 8-lane highway on my roller blades???At this point it occurred to me that maybe I had simply gone the wrong way out of the parking lot, and this "connector" stuff was completely different from the real trail. So I turned around and headed back past the strip mall to that crazy hill, determined to at least get back to my car. Unfortunately there was a couple with a stroller ahead of me, and I'm sure I would have destroyed them all if I had attempted the winding slope. Instead, I whipped out the pair of flip flops I had slipped into my dorky backpack, and walked down the hill, skates in hand, looking like a moron. I reached a bench, where sat a girl who had watched the entire process wherein I had plopped down on the grass, removed my skates, put on flip flops from my backpack, and walked down the hill. She smiled at me. Was that a smirk? I smiled back pleasantly, and put my skates back on as quickly as possible.  I vowed to try exactly five minutes in the other direction and if there were ANY more near-death incidents, I would get back in my car and drive immediately the heck out of Smyrna. Luckily, the other direction was exactly as my friends described - lovely, flat, and unproblematic for my mediocre blading skills. I had never before had the occasion to skate in the same direction until I tired myself out. It was kind of neat. I wished I had brought some water, though - the Mavell fountain was broken.After about five and a half miles (no, exactly five and a half miles - there are mile markers every so often to clue you into this information), and a bit after passing the Floyd Road depot, I turned around at an arbitrary location. It was not until this point that I realized that the five plus miles I had just skated were all slightly UPhill! No wonder I was so tired. The incline was slight enough that I still had full control over myself on skates, and the ride back was fast, easy, and really fun. Long way of saying, GO. It's fantastic, nearly too good to be true. I recommend going in the uphill direction (Mavell to Floyd) first. But next time I think I'll go Floyd to Powder Springs. Check out the new site silvercometga.com and trailexpress.com for trip ideas, and figure out what the connector is before you go so you don't make the mistake I did (the website explains that too).
<review# 2083,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/28/2008,9/12/2008,207,410,11,7,7>So I live near the vinings area and today I was driving along and saw the Sweet Pockets sign, I was like what!? I don't remember this being here! Well, yea that's 'cus they opened Friday! Anyway. I decided to break all dieting rules (shocking. not.) and give it a try, and....I think they have a lot of potential, but right now, "eh". Let's just say I won't have to worry about breaking my "diet" anymore by coming back here. First, their location is GREAT, really, and their shop is cute inside, but it leaves a LOT to the imagination. The store also sells shirts and lotions, etc, but everything tight up against the walls and then there's a huge open space with a plan round tall table in the middle. They could do SOOOO much more with the space, seems like they had their first location and then just replicated it here, but there's like 20times more area!Now as for the cupcakes, I really don't know how their other location got so many positive reviews, they aren't really cupcakes...they're more like muffins! Maybe my LA-cupcake experiences have made me more able to distinguish the two...but really...it is an easy taste test to make.I got the Strawberry Wa wa (stupid name!) and the Happy Monkey. Strawberry Wawa was literally like a muffin with strawberry jam and frosting, I didn't even finish it- I chucked it after I got a substantial taste. The buttercream on this was suppose to taste like strawberry, but it really tasted like butter, with a HINT of strawberry.As for the Happy Monkey, this one was good...only because I love banana bread, which this was a banana bread muffin...again with frosting...but the frosting was peanut butter, so it was good hahahah.yknow what I mean?Like I said, this place has a lot of potential both with its inside and its cupcakes---I especially think they need to focus on making real cupcakes and not muffins.Also, they were regular cupcake size for 2.25, so I guess that's okay...although at cupcake bakeries I'm use to purchasing a bigger sized cupcake, even if that makes them a bit price-ier (2.50-3.00).
<review# 2084,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2008,9/11/2008,474,1389,2,4,5>So it'd been years since I'd been to Joe's, and I'd forgotten how solidly good it is.  The tanked chicken nachos were amazingly good, though the extra guacamole was not worth it (brown means you should have added lime juice or made it fresh today...).  I swear there was some pixie dust in the cheese sauce or something.I thought the service was excellent considering the size of our group and the hassle that we provided of ordering at completely different times.  As Deanna mentioned, super double bonus points for splitting the checks, and again at separate times as we all decided to take off.Trivia was fun, though it was difficult to hear and understand from where we were sitting and the points didn't really seem to properly add up in the end.  But it's trivia that I know, so I like it better than other trivia spots I've been.Parking is definitely a pain - I suggest getting a friend in Midtown with extra parking or moving to Midtown yourself so you can just walk.  Else, spring for the valet and safe yourself the walk down the dark and random street.
<review# 2085,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2008,9/9/2008,8,1,10,8,5>Don't eat breakfast, don't snack before you go, and buy some of those pregnant lady pants because you will need the elastic waist band. I'm not from the south but DAMN this stuff is good. GTRI / CATEA / AWPL industrial design graduate students pick a day to feast at this meat + 3. From traditional southern meatloaf and gravy (my fave) to Thanksgiving din-din, this place will make you feel like your at home (if you grew up in a multi racial family of 20+). The only warning, after you are done eating you might want to sit and digest but learn some southern hospitality...give your seat up to another person waiting to sit down and enjoy. Digest while asleep at work....OR give high fives to people walking in and hang out in the neighborhood.*They have a veggie plate for those in need of some southern veggie luvin!**The lovely lady serving you and the gentleman checking you out are  most likely the Carvers...SAY HI dammit and commend them on the "great success!"***CASH ONLY!!
<review# 2086,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2008,9/8/2008,13,33,6,6,7>I usually hear people talk about Manuel's as a good place to drink. While this may be true, I would like to address another side of this tavern.  Brunch.  You wouldn't know from the outside, but this is really a pretty good brunch spot and here is why:1.  Food has magical properties that makes hangovers disappear.2.  Nice mix of breakfast and lunch foods.3.  Huge cups for rehydration (see #1)4.  Always have Creative Loafings to read.5.  Servers are usually very nice and atmosphere is relaxed and not rushed.
<review# 2087,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2008,9/7/2008,14,17,7,5,6>I have had a tumultuous relationship with Marlow's.  Lots of ups. Lots of downs.  But I think we're in a good place now.  I've been going for about 2 years now, always enjoying the grilled chicken panini, which, much to my chagrin, has been taken off the menu.  That would be one of the aforementioned "downs".  But the rest of the menu is tasty pub grub, with moderate prices.  They have Stella Artois on tap, plenty of TVs for sports, live music on the weekends, a generally cool atmosphere (another down - there are likely to be a couple of creepy guys at the bar checking out the hot Vinings babes).Marlow's does get crowded, so you'll have to get there early to snag a high top table (which seats 8, and there are 2), a spot at the bar, or a place to sit outside.  So the final assessment, this  is a place you'll need to plan ahead to go to - otherwise, anticipate standing and waiting for a while with a cold Stella in hand.
<review# 2088,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2008,9/6/2008,220,93,6,10,8>These guys have a great selection of lightly used denim for reasonable prices.  Sorry, this isn't the sort of  used clothing store that you can get a t-shirt for $2.50, it's more of a "Find-a-pair-of-Ben-Sherman-badass-jeans-for-­under-$25-hellz-yeah!" kind of shop.  I can almost always find cute vintagey dresses along the back wall and fun, bright funky jewelry at the check out counter.The men's section is awesome, guys can walk out with a nearly-new a pair of black Vans for about $14.  In fact, the selection of men's shoes is far superior to the women's selection.  Most are newer and better priced.  They also have a pretty impressive selection of stylish denim, lightweight jackets, tees, and buttoned shirts.The cashiers like to take their sweet time getting over to you at check out time, so be prepared for that.  Also the sunglasses are definitely overpriced, so I wouldn't bother with those.All in all, it's pretty consistently a solid shopping experience.
<review# 2089,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2008,9/5/2008,3,13,6,6,6>About a month ago I suddenly had a burning desire to go to the Clermont Lounge (which I had never been to) and decided to try to gather up some friends to go. I started making some calls and explaining where I wanted to go and noone was biting. Finally I got in touch with my brother and he's all up for it! Bless you Stephen. So we get down there (on a Saturday) and to my surprise the cover charge is $10! I had always heard it was $5 on a Saturday. I shrug it off though not wanting anything to ruin my evening. Soon as we walked in there was the infamous and fabulous Blondie dancing behind the bar. I could give you a play by play of everything that happened that night but I'll try to be brief. All the strippers in there are yes much older than the usual fare but they are all so nice. I talked to Blondie (who for $10 did indeed crush a can of PBR with her boobs and smashed my brother's face in between them) and she said she might be retiring in a year so get your asses down there and see her before she goes! The crowd here is not what you would expect. It's mostly groups of twenty somethings in very nice club wear. I had a great time talking to patrons and employees alike. Noone was snooty. Just a bunch of friendly people all getting drunk and having a great time. The music was fantastic and all kinds of people were getting their grooves on. A few things to note. It gets real crowded in there and it's a dungeon like atmosphere and I'm not even sure if there is central air so it gets HOT! Dress very light. Also ladies don't worry about doing a great makeup job because you will sweat every bit of it off. Trust! There is an ATM in there which is good cause it is cash only. The night I went I needed to get some more cash and the ATM was down so I suggest making sure you get all the cash you will need prior to going. Fortunately for me and my bro lots of friendly people kept buying us drinks. I got there at 10 and left at 3 and had a great time! If you get a chance go you won't regret it.
<review# 2090,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2008,9/4/2008,34,31,5,8,9>For weeks I have been wanting to dye my hair from the natural dark brown it is, to a nice light auburn color. Something new for the summer, plus I was in need of break-up hair, but didn't feel like cutting it yet. I was saving up money, and looking into different salons, weighing the possible consequence of going to the Aveda Institute. You know, the research every OCD Yelper does. Then, when I was shopping at Target the other day, I saw a box of hair dye that was the color I wanted and it was made to lighten dark hair! All for $5.99! So the next day I got up bright and early and dyed my hair at home, which I have done many times with no problems.Until this time. My hair turned a light orange....but only on the roots. The bottom of my hair looked exactly the same as it did before with a slight red tint. So in a panic, I called a couple of salons that I had heard good things about, but all of them were booked for the day. Then I called Helmet and they had an opening. Only 6 hours until someone could fix it!I went in fifteen minutes before my appointment time, but she ended up running behind. I didn't get started until fifteen minutes after my appointment time, but that's fine, I was just happy to have someone to fix my disaster. My stylist (can't remember her name...) seemed to know what I wanted to achieve, so we dove right in, lightly bleaching the bottom half, then using an all over color to blend the two, then highlighting to "give it movement". I asked if she could do a bang trim, and she asked if she could cut my hair a little to give it a few more layers. That was fine with me, but when she cut, she ended up not doing my bangs at all. (?) I asked if she could trim them when she got started styling and it was evident she wasn't planning on doing the bangs. She cut maybe half an inch off, when they needed much more. (It had been awhile since my last cut.) She styled my hair, and I was done! No evidence of my catastrophe, and I had a nice new hair color. My one complaint would be I wanted the color to be drastic (It is break-up hair, after all) and while it looked vibrant in the salon, no one has been able to tell a difference, Next time I go will be for a brighter red, but for the price and time that was put into my hair, plus the fact that they gave a beer to start off and chatted with me about Saved by the Bell, this may just be the first time I have a salon that's "mine".
<review# 2091,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2008,9/3/2008,120,167,5,8,9>I went with a group of ten, and we got a bunch of different dishes, and ended up sharing them around. It was awesome. A few things were a wee bit too spicy for me, but just about everything was excellent.I ordered the lamb dohiwhalla, which was very tender and good. I didn't try the Desi wings, and since some people said their lips were trembling after trying them, I'm glad I wimped out there. Refills of a drinks were a tad slow, but maybe that's because some of us were chugging water like it was going out of style.I loved the naan, but if you're going to use Indian bread to eat your food, try the roti, instead. It's unleavened and thinner than naan, so you don't get quite so full so quickly. And have a mango yogurt shake thing if you go over your spice limit. Not that I ever overestimate my tolerance.The place was standing room only by the time we left, and most of the tables were full of south Asians, so that was definitely a good sign.  And they have a "They love us on Yelp!" sticker by the door.  Awwww.
<review# 2092,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2008,9/2/2008,227,316,3,4,4>Not your typical Chinese restaurant.  This place is in the cut but the food is off the chain!  That means it's really good.  I've been here twice and both times I've had the fish: Whiting.  It's perfectly fried, crispy, and seasoned.  Loved it.  It comes with fries, Cole slaw and tarter sauce.This is one of those hole is the wall places with bars on the windows and a tiny parking lot.  Inside, the workers are separated from you by bullet proof glass.  Although it's listed as a Chinese restaurant, they serve Philly cheese steaks, gyros, wings, and fried fish. The only thing remotely Chinese on the menu was fried rice.  Go figure.There's no indoor seating because this is a take out place only.  There are some cool arcade games inside to keep you entertained while you wait, though.  Don't go expecting to stay and eat.  Expect to get your food and bounce.Now, don't be scared when you go here because you might see pimps and hoes, but, they're harmless.  It's a tough neighborhood, on the surface, but generally speaking, if you mind your own business, then then they'll mind theirs.
<review# 2093,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2008,9/1/2008,23,18,18,23,8>Gentle Dentist, she's the best!First of all, let me tell you about the ethical dilemma I faced when writing this review. On the one hand, this is MY dentist. If I go and tell the whole world about her, she won't be a secret any more. Her office will be crowded. All of Atlanta will bring their ugly teeth here. Lines will be long, appointments will be a month off. I'm tempted to keep this place my own little secret.On the other hand, I do feel great empathy for all those poor souls forced to go to old-style sadistic open-up-and-shut-up, 19th century drill machine owners. If you've ever felt great vibrating pain of the dental drill boring into your tooth, while uncaring dentist is exchanging office gossip with his so-called "hygienist" over your sprawled and helpless body, I feel your pain! So after weighing selfish desire to keep this dentist to myself against the great combined dental pain of the greater Atlanta community, I decided to do the right thing and share. Gosh, I feel like a hero.So what makes this dentist different from your average around-the-corner DDS torture-school graduate? Well, she calls herself "The Gentle Dentist" and for a good reason! In this office, they actually appear to CARE if you're in pain. They use lasers instead of drills when possible (for small fillings) - lasers don't vibrate, so cause no pain and require no Novocain. They do air abrasion treatments, which are again painless and very effective for small stuff. They have this awe-inspiring CEREC machine, which with help of 3D computer modeling (not kidding - they did this for me), will carve out a perfect crown or a filling made out of porcelain right on the spot - this is an alternative to traditional method of putting in a temporary filling and sending out to the lab for a permanent one. So you get it all done in one appointment, instead of having to come back for your permanent crown in several weeks.Ultrasonic cleaning, computerized x-rays (low radiation), I could go on and on, but really this is not the most important thing. Most important thing is that when you're in this office, you actually feel like someone cares about your health. Of course, you will get a usual dose of "dentist talk treatment" while you're there. Just as your mouth is at it's widest possible open point, and you have 5 pieces of dental equipment, 2 cotton balls and 3 hands in it, she will look down and ask in an accusing tone, knowing full-well that you cannot defend yourself: "You haven't been flossing the back teeth, have you?". After your weak "Arrrgghhh waahh eeehawa", she'll nod and say "yes, I know you haven't". Gavel of judgment falls, you've been tried, convicted and sentenced. But, that is rather a small price to pay for a pain-less, more caring and overall pleasant dentist visit. So go forth, oh yee pained souls, make your appointments and be forever grateful to me for this introduction!
<review# 2094,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2008,8/31/2008,4,77,5,2,3>What do you people expect? FINE DINING?I'm a firm believer of the idea of getting what you pay for, and that's what you get at Eats.It ain't the best food in the city, but it's damn good for $5-10.Now that I think about it, I took my last girlfriend here on our first date. Yes, we dated for a year, but I now see the error of my ways.Please forgive me beautiful ladies of Atlanta.
<review# 2095,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2008,8/30/2008,12,54,4,6,5>I dined at Ecco last week for the first time. What a beautiful interior, the bar is comfortable with several small areas to have a quiet conversation in. I found a good selection of wines and liquors if you chose. The staff is friendly and dressed casually hip. Andy, the GM appeared to visit with several tables which I see as a great touch. The food was outstanding and I enjoy the style of serving family style. The meat and cheese platter coupled with smaller plates is plenty. We enjoyed the wine and loved the choice of carafe sizes. If you are looking for an upscale casual dining experience you can not go wrong at Ecco. I will certainly be back.
<review# 2096,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2008,8/29/2008,33,123,7,5,5>We read some review where the mixologist said something about how anyone can pour a drink, but only mixologists can make special drinks (such as those poured at H&F).  The quote was annoying. But OMG this restaurant and that mixologist are both doing divine things.I actually saved the menu so as to remember what food we ate (in case the delicious memory slipped my mind).  But I really don't think it was necessary.  I've decided H&F is like sleeping with your high school thing years later.  You know when you get down to business that it's going to be good--so your brain will kick into memory mode and saves each detail.Highlight for hubby: chopped steak served tar tare.  He said it was a revelation.My highlight: all the food I didn't get to try last night that I know I'll be going back to enjoy (hello head to toe---I know where to find you).Fried haters and oyster haters do yourself a favor and go get some of that cornmeal fried oyster madness.  I promise it'll change your life.
<review# 2097,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2008,8/28/2008,367,374,16,10,11>I had the pleasure to come here on a Monday night where all the cool kids come and hangout. The place has a very cool bar that changes colors and is the only well lit item in the whole bar. It's dark, its roomy, and Ryan the cutey bartender serves up a great Pink Pussy.. yeah you heard.. it:) The crowd that night were all from the "industry" meaning they work at restaurants, bars, and clubs.. all were friendly and the place closes at 3am.. wowsers.. upstairs they have a good lounge area , so if you are with a large group, this place has plenty of room.  Even with the indoor smoking, I was still able to breath freely.Plenty of restrooms they even have a VIP bathroom:) so god knows what it's used for ..hehheeh..  Overall Great place to catch a drink.. and it's conveniently located.
<review# 2098,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2008,8/27/2008,31,96,,4,6>Hmm.. well after getting sucked into Top Chef of course I wanted to try this place right away.  It's nice, it's a little fancy and the dishes as expected -- are very unexpected.I went to Richard Blais' previous restaurant Element and although the food was unique there were almost no options for non-meat eaters and paying $9 for 4 cucumbers and some veggie pate was just a bit too much, even as an experiment.HOME however was much more soothing and even a little filling.  The surprises of the different tastes together is always an adventure (like allspice in cream cheese ice cream, WOW, yum!).  The mac and cheese was an amazing casserole type dish, yummy &  filling.  The fried chicken looked good from across the table.  Green beans were simple and fresh.  The pickled cucumbers were great -- they were pickled but they still tasted like cucumbers (not pickles).  How do you do that?  There were lots of things made out of turnips.  I don't really like turnips but they were editable... not my favorite but not bad.  The biscuit was a nice way to start out the meal and the orange/jalapeno jam/chutney spread was super good.  There was a jalapeno pickled tomato that was a little too much for me though.  The parts of the meal where paced well and you felt like you got to try a bunch of different things, some shocking, some you wished there was more to take home.A friend of mine described it  as a place you go to taste, not to get filled up at.  Everything was in small plates and came in moderation.  If you are a non-meat eater you can ask for the veggie dish if you want to be risky.  It is a chef made dish of his choice on the spot. I think every dish is different.  Now that is interesting... a veggie person getting extra attention instead of being an afterthought.Oh yes, and of course everyone there was whispering about Top Chef and treating RB like a rock star.  It was kind of cute.  We will go back again to see what else they have to taste.
<review# 2099,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2008,8/26/2008,245,510,10,16,10>If you are like me, and view a car as the worst investment on earth, you'll need a honest, reliable, inexpensive mechanic since you will drive your car into the ground before getting another.Import Tech is the best.  Jacob is the owner, and is also the only guy working there as well.  Note:  He only works on foreign cars.  The garage is a hole in the wall for sure, which any auto repair shop should be (I don't want to pay for their inexcusable overhead).Pricing around, his prices are much cheaper than everyone, and he gets the job done, and on time.  What more can you ask for?   If I drove my Xterra 1 mile away to the Nissan dealership, they want $1,100 for a job that Jacob will do for $400.  Sure, dealerships are a complete rip-off anyway, but it goes to show his labor rates fits the bill.Oh, and Jacob is a nice guy to boot.  He has a stray cat running around his lot, and sure...most people would feed that stray, but he takes it and gets it fixed because it kept having litters.  Who fixes a stray cat???It's hard finding a honest mechanic with reasonable rates, so here he is...
<review# 2100,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2008,8/25/2008,31,14,6,3,6>Righteous Room.  I moved here in the middle of May and this is the only bar I have been to more than once.  Why?  My peers seem to like it because of its convenience, tasty treats, and (really) laid back atmosphere.  It gets crowded, but never "packed".  You usually dont have to fight hard too get a drink or a seat.  Located on Ponce directly next to Urban Outfitters and the movie theater.  Easy to get to and in close proximity to VA Highlands delights, but weird because the front porch is really a parking lot.  I like the Righteous Room.  It's a good place, but it lacks that element of insanity necessary for me to really rave about it.  It's chill.  Good for most occasions, but if you are like me, you require something irregular, offensive, isolating, dirty, or shocking to return again and again, if for no other reason than to simply articulate its character.  Righteous Room, if you abuse me, I will probably love you more.
<review# 2101,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2008,8/24/2008,89,621,3,3,4>Thanks Yelp!My husband thinks I'm the best wife ever, as I found Agave. Ever since I met him, every time someone asks him what his favorite food is, he always says New Mexico/Mexican. While I was looking at reviews, I noticed one for Agave. I saw the words "Hatch Chilies" and a little light went off in my head. When he came home that night, he asked me what I wanted to do for dinner and I said "I don't know, maybe try this place that uses Hatch Green Chilies?"Needless to say, we arrived at Agave in like 15 Min's. We were greeted at the door by a friendly guy, who quickly showed us to our table. Our waiter was very prompt and brought us a nice basket of warm chips. The salsa was a little bland, but when my husband asked if they had a hotter sauce, he quickly brought us a sliced jalapeno chili, to mix into our salsa.My husband had the green chili stew and burrito, he was very happy. I had the fried chicken and it was excellent. So flavorful and juicy. This is no regular fried chicken, it has a kick! If my husband had his way, I think we would eat here everyday. So, thanks Yelp, you made my husbands day!
<review# 2102,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2007,8/22/2008,22,11,15,7,4>Call me lazy.  I bought my car on April and the first time I had my car washed was on September.  In fact, I didn't know where to get my car washed.  I originally came from South Korea.  There, I can get my car washed in gas stations.  If I get gas 10 times in the same gas station, I get one free car wash, including vacuuming the interior.  Also, when I was in Maine, my first place to live in America, nobody had their car washed, because cars get dirty in a second anyway due to the heavy snow.  So, I thought for a while that Americans don't really get their car washed, which was quite a stupid idea, now that I think of it.The thing about Atlanta is that I never feet so safe anything about cars.  There are lots of incidents where cars gets broken into, and lots of crazy drivers running into other's car.  Therefore, I couldn't get my car washed from a random place on the street.While I was trying to avoid anything related to car, I got this bird-poop while I was driving 60 mph.  I don't know where the bird came from, and how his product ended up landing on MY car.  I'm sure I was pretty damn lucky to catch that.  The bird probably thought that my car was a good place to poop on (did you know that all birds are Physics majors?  No matter how fast you go, they somehow calculates where and when to poop).   I knew that day, I needed a car wash.I was really attracted by the title "Two Minit," since I didn't want to sit around for 15 minutes.  I didn't time how long it took, but it was very fast.  As soon as my car got out of the washing machine, my car shined more than ever.  I never realized that the rims of my car wheels were actually silver until then!  But this was not the end of their service.  As soon as people saw my car coming out, they jumped in and started cleaning INSIDE too!  It was reeeaaally fast.Isn't $15 for car wash kind of expensive though?  I wouldn't know since I've never paid for my car wash in my life.  Even if it IS pricey, I would still go there, because of their fast and impeccable service.Thank god I finally found the place to get my car washed!
<review# 2103,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2008,8/21/2008,166,205,7,5,10>It's a coffee shop!Okay, so the A-T-L probably does not need another coffee shop, but this place is different.  As the name suggests, they also serve alcohol; yeah that's right, you can get up and get down in the same place.  They can perk you up in the morn and mello you in the pm.  Decent veggie and vegan options, interesting beer selection, and free wifi; works for me.  Also, you have a great view of people stumbling out of Manuel's Tavern....oh wait that's my reflection in the window after a few too many "Old Speckled Hen" English Fine Ales.  Just kidding :)   Nice place.
<review# 2104,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/23/2008,8/20/2008,290,172,5,5,4>So the new Tongue and Groove is where the old Lotus Lounge used to be. Let's just say....the spot was much better when it was Lotus. They tried to upgrade the place, and I just don't feel like they succeeded.So we walk in, and run into the coolest bouncer ever....Mr. Michael and we get our whole party in.  Well we get inside and are looking around to see how the place has changed, and what.....around the bar their is a big HOLE around the top of it  (where the old lotus used to be surrounding the bar)......   can you say TACKY?  I mean really, who revamps a venue only to leave a huge gaping hole above the bar (where most people will be hanging around at a club) where you can see the baseboards and pipes and stuff.Ok well so we move on.....I must say the music was about the only thing that this place had going for them that night. (A Thursday night).   The music was great, but the crowd was not my style. It was a much older crowd, I want to say between 30-40.  I mean their were a few "youngin's" thrown in the mix, but majority were older.Granted, maybe this was just a bad night to go, but I didn't enjoy myself !!!   (And it's very rare that I don't enjoy myself at a club).....LoL
<review# 2105,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/27/2007,8/19/2008,25,56,,6,5>The newest offering at Terminus over at Peachtree and Piedmont...This restaurant started in Vegas and now has come to Atlanta...The decor is flashy as you would expect walking into a Vegasesque restaurant...they have a very cool wine cellar with water flowing between the walls...The service is excellent....As for the food...I had the crab cakes - Yummythe shrimp and crab salad was just okand the main entree was the Scallops...good but not amazingYou know it gets to the point in Atlanta with so many choices that if the food isn't amazing then why bother...There are so many other great choices that actually create a craving within you...Aquaknox did not do this for me...I may go back to this pricey new restaurant but only to show friends a new place to eat. You're more likely to find me at my regular great hangout LOLA
<review# 2106,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2008,8/18/2008,9,11,,5,5>I LOVE THIS RESTAURANT! It is so authentic and the owner, Al, is super nice and loyal to his customers. I remember the very first time I went to Al's and thinking that it looked a little sketchy...this was pre-yelp days and when Al's had just opened up. It did not have a bar or barely a table but I remember the wonderful service and the AMAZING food!I was able to relive that moment when I brought my boyfriend and friend for their first experience. I really enjoyed seeing their expressions and enjoying the atmosphere that Al had created since my first time.The food is so authentic and you can see it with the preparation and presentation. Huge portions and very fresh. It is also very reasonably priced! I gave it 4 stars because of he parking...there is none. Other than that, you must stop in and say hi to Al. Become one of his loyal customers...he treats you well! Thank you Al for always making my experience like the first one.
<review# 2107,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2008,8/17/2008,688,73,8,8,10>MEAT. BARBECUE. KOREAN FIXERS. When venturing into unknown territory, purposely wandering down small alleys in a foreign city, sometimes you need a guide. Someone who speaks the language and ensures that you'll get out safely on the other side - or at least walk out with more than just your socks, if not your $500 digital camera. Eating at a restaurant is rarely the same, but missing out on a good meal, and a great experience simply because you're stuck ordering the obvious, stuck making a decision based on a simple flat translation such as 'marinated beef', cheats you out of what could have been.Enter my good friends Yuna and Hyeon. Awesomely versed in all things Korean and our fixers through this venture down a brightly lit, yelp-tinged barbecue filled outing. Yes friends, we're going all out on this UYE (unofficial yelp event).Banchan rocks (or Panchan). Why hasn't American culture embraced the concept of banchan? Little bowls filled with small appetizers flavorful enough that you don't need large amounts to satisfy six people. Seaweed, squid, other unknown sides and the staple of all Korean meals, kimchee. Vegetables mixed with a chilli sauce (usually cabbage here in the states) and allowed to ferment for several months at a time. As essential to a Korean meal as grits to a deep south breakfast, kimchee is starting to grow on me.Tonight's gathering brought out the pirates, the scoundrels, all of the underworld yelpers looking to hangout with friends and finally meet the people they've been stalking online for so long. No better group of serious foodies could be found in one spot this night. At least none drinking soju. Korean rice alcohol. Pure versions lean towards vodka, while other offerings taste like melted jolly ranchers.The soju at Han Il Kwan is rough. It burns. Looking for that candy-assed-party-girl soju? No such thing here.The decibels spiraled upward in the reserved room, filled with 25 people sitting elbow to elbow, gathered to watch raw meat gloriously grill in the center of each table.  The ordering was completed with advice and translation from our fixers. The language barrier with the waitresses easily removed making the whole affair painless. Soon, platters of marinated, raw, marbled cuts of meat arrived. Yelpers being foodies, cameras were brought out and like tourist in cheese mode, photos were taken to capture this moment.As is often the case with a great meal, beyond food, beyond service, it's who you're with that adds meaning. Meeting new people, whether complete strangers at another table or online acquaintances is always a gift. While sitting with new friends, all of us huddled around a grill, moving loose meat bits around, I realize that I'm enjoying this more than any show at Benny Hanna. The meal is the excuse and the reason I met these people. It also helps that the food actually taste good. Sure it's not fine dining.Han Il Kwan is brightly lit, clean, and the service is much more friendly than you're used to getting from authentic asian restaurants. Different from much of what you'll find on Buford Highway, the servers are willing to answer questions and indulge any hypothetical you can come up with. Always accomodating and sure of themselves beyond any language barrier (with or without a fixer translating for you), the women know what they're doing and you'd be good to let them take care of everything.As the night went on and the food disappeared, my only wish was that I could have gotten to the other tables. With twenty-five people, most of whom I'd never met before, it would have been great to have said more than a fleeting introduction to each of them. To the few that I did spend time with, that I met that night and laughed with over burning meat, thank you.As if I couldn't ask for more fun, karaoke later on with a gallon of sweet soju only emphasized how much having fixers like Yuna and Hyeon can help you when the locals don't take kindly to outsiders.
<review# 2108,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2008,8/15/2008,343,405,8,8,9>MILLIONS HAVE VOTED...well actually 30+...and the votes have been counted!  America...you have chosen...and Joel...has purchased...the JEEP GREEN w/ KHAKI 4-DOOR JEEP WRANGLER!!!!  (Picture coming soon!)See...I told you that I would buy the color that everyone liked and the Jeep Green color won by 70% compared to 30% Rescue Green!   This is by far the BEST BIRTHDAY GIFT I have given myself!  It's been 15 years since I wanted to own my very own Jeep Wrangler and I just made one of my dreams come true! On a side note...Lauren, you are right...it does compliment most of my outfits!  Let me tell you how FANTASTIC this dealership is and the best customer service ever!  I seriously felt like I was shopping at Carmax...it was that easy!  I decided to do most of my shopping online, since I already knew what I wanted and have driven the jeep before.  Frank and Dave, the internet sales managers; were amazing to deal with...very easy going, no pressure, very responsive, and open to my wants and requests.  Once we set the price, I came in that afternoon to check it out the jeep and it was nice of him to just throw me the keys and tell me to test it out by myself.  The paperwork was exact on what I wanted and there were no additional or hidden fees!On financing,  I came in with a pre-approved loan with my credit union and they were able to offer me a better rate!  It was like meant to be to get this car!  My entire time at the dealership....35 minutes!!!  I HIGHLY RECOMMED anyone buying a Jeep or Chrylser product to come to this dealership!  They have impressed me to the point that I will take my car here to get serviced! Honk if you see me!  :)
<review# 2109,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2008,8/14/2008,7,10,,3,3>Having a husband that is Thai, I've frequented many of the Thai restaurants in the Atlanta area. This one, by far, is our absolute favorite. The food is phenomenal and it is very affordable. There isn't much of a wine selection, but they have good Thai beers to offer. They are quick to seat you and the food comes out pretty darn fast. In addition, the manager is always there and she is really attentive. She always greets the customers when they come through the door. The ambiance is not fantastic, but it's a very casual place. You can clearly tell that their focus is great food!
<review# 2110,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/14/2008,8/13/2008,5,109,3,5,3>Anyone who knows me knows I love two things: trivia and Taco Mac.  When I saw that the TMac in Highlands had Team Trivia on Monday nights, I decided to check it out with some friends.My friends were sitting near the door, so I figured the front room was just small and there was a back room I wasn't seeing.  But no...that was it.  The whole place is maybe 20 tables?Okay, so it's a little cramped and small, I can deal.  But then I got the beer menu...and there were only 24 beers on draught.Now, compared to a normal bar, that might be a good selection, but it's nothing like the Taco Macs that I have come to know and love in Decatur & Lindbergh, which average about 100 beers on draught at any given time.  So when their beer menu fit onto one side of one page, I was kinda upset.  I seriously thought for a minute that I had to be missing a page.If you've never been to a Taco Mac, here's my recommendation.  If you want to see the original in Highlands, do it before checking out the larger locations.  Otherwise, you might find yourself underwhelmed at this mini-TMac, as I did.
<review# 2111,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/29/2008,8/12/2008,2,6,2,2,4>My man is just a rabid fan of southern fare.  Paula Deen is like his messiah in the kitchen.  So after researching southern foodplaces in ATL, we came to the conclusion that Mary Mac's was the place to go.  We weren't disappointed, and you probly won't be either. This is the type of place you take out-of-towners to dine as it's a true southern institution; the "tea room" looks unchanged from the decor of the 40's and 50's; I quite like it!  You get your own card to write your order on and hand it to the server.  Additionally, you get a kickass bread basket with rolls, corn muffins, and lil' cinnamon rolls, and they're all good.The food is nothing to go into a seizure over, but it is quality, upstanding southern cooking.  I've had a variety of sides, and they all were done competently.  Meats were of decent qualtiy as well. The servers were just a pleasure to behold; upon hearing that this was our first time there, we were given three (!) extra sides, free of charge, and we even got two desserts for free as well!  They were yummy, to be sure.  They've got my vote for southern cookin' when I'm in town.  And it has my man's seal of approval as well, and that's no small feat!  The dude is a "meat and three" machine....
<review# 2112,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/4/2008,8/11/2008,10,4,8,7,4>This is a tough review for me. I went there specifically for the Totanator or whatever the hell its called. I LOVE tater tots! Again, let me Stress how much I LOVE tater tots! Now for some reason... Little 5 is the Mecca for Tater tots.  Vortex, that other place on the corner, and now the Fox Bros. Well, I've had it before and it was amazing.  Tater Tots piled high smothered with Brunswick Stew and cover with hot melted cheese ( and not that Nacho Cheese crap either... Real shredded cheese).  Plus, If you are a BBQ person you know what it means when you say, "I'd like inside pulled pork, or inside brisket.."  At Fox Bros... They know! So you don't get stuck with that dry over done meat. They give you the good hot juicy more rare meat.Well, I ordered the "Totanator" to start and the 1/2 rib and beef brisket combo with Mac and cheese and Baked Beans. So, I'm sitting there drinking my Beer... and the guy drops off my Totanator and walks away. Now, let me preface by saying I'm not one to complain or send food back to the kitchen.... but, I look down and I'm like "What the ****!"My Totanator did not have one tater tot!  Instead it had french fries. Did I mention how much i LOVE Tater tots?  I was more pissed that our waitress, I believe her name was Autumn. Didn't even bother to mention they were out of tots. Nor did she even acknowledge that there were no tots on there.  Autumn... if you happen to read this, You're not a good server. Sorry, but someone has to tell you! But I didn't say a word, just ate it and let it go. BTW, french fries are NO substitute for Tots. So then my food comes out and the manager apologized, but said they were out of sliced Brisket, so they substituted chopped instead. Dry, over done, non-inside, chopped brisket. Frustration..., the only word to describe the look on my face. Never even saw Autumn until she brought the check.  What do you do... huh? The upside is that the ribs kick Ass! and the Mac&Cheese is incredible! I'm going to throw down a 3 STAR rating because you gotta communicate with your customers. If you don't have Tots, tell me. If you're out of inside sliced brisket, tell me. At least give us the chance to decide for ourselves what we eat.  Fox Bros. BBQ... Hopefully it was just a bad day for them.
<review# 2113,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2008,8/10/2008,328,633,2,4,4>What a makeover can do to a place!After years of the mundane, the new manager has come in and really spiced up the place.  With a revised menu and an increased attention to detail, the food has made quite the jump from ho-hum to a more interesting menu to peruse.   I highly recommend the ribs and the sliders with chipotle sauce.  You can even get tater tots with your Angus burger if you like!A great place to stop in and get a beer after work and maybe stay to play poker (or Trivia on Tuesdays), the wait staff seem to aim to please and do their best to remember your name (if you are a regular, of course).  Much improved over the last 3 months - check it out.
<review# 2114,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2008,8/9/2008,38,32,3,3,3>4 Very BIG stars for the food. 2.5 HOPEFUL stars for the service.My wife and I got a big night out this past Saturday for our 3 year anniversary and we took advantage with a room at the Ritz Buckhead and dinner reservations at MF Buckhead.  We have a 10 month old daughter so all week we were giddy with anticipation for Saturday night.  We arrived at the rotunda of the Terminus building in a cab and proceeded to walk all the way to Piedmont before we realized that we missed the entrance!!  Not hard to do considering its low profile signage.  HA!  Seems like a trend going here.  Once we found it we entered the stringy entrance and announced our arrival.  Well, the weather must have kept the OTP'ers away because they sat us right away (this was Tornado weekend BTW).  It was actually pretty empty for 9pm on a Saturday.  We immediately commented that we felt out of Atlanta and in New York due to the narrow dining room, longer than wider.   The STRUT to our table and all that was missing was some money theme music from a Scorsese film.  As we were seated we were greeted by the manager for drinks and specials.  He announced that there were plenty of sushi rolls on special and recommended some cold sake for this amateur sake drinker.  My wife had Pinot all night.  He was very polite regarding my lack of sake education and brought out a great tasting carafe.  The sake menu is enormous and I would be amazed to know someone who could look at it and know what they were seeing.  Overwhelming.   So we are being served by the manager tonight.  Cool.  He was very young and knowledgeable about his menu and was always willing to explain anything that we inquired.  We went ALL SUSHI ALL NIGHT and KOBE BEEF.  I will say this, the SUSHI WAS BOMB TA BOMB TA BOMB BOMB!!  Like good bomb!  Very fresh smelling, fresh tasting, and interesting varieties.  We tried salmon, yellow tail, young yellow tail, sea bass, toro, o toro, fatty daddy toro, red snapper, fresh crab, special rolls, kobe sushi, more toro, more salmon, more everything.  AWESOME!!!  Sushi and Kobe was delicious.  We did not try anything from the other parts of the menu.My two complaints for the night were towards the service portion of the restaurant.1. Towards the end of our meal our Manager server was replaced by another guy and sometimes a girl and we felt abandoned.  No big deal though and come to find out he had gone off to a large party that included one of the Kinjo brothers.  So who could blame him.  I would agree that the service should be worked on to bring up to the level of the food.2.  We had an envelope left for us at the host stand that was never delivered to our table.  This was a gift that someone left for us for our anniversary and if that had been lost we would have been pretty ticked.  Fortunately for the staff it was there the next day when we went back to pick up.We left the place with a reasonable bill (read $250) and completely full but not FAT FULL.  We both had a great groove going from the drinks and senses were tingling from the fish.  An overall great way to spend the evening with someone special.
<review# 2115,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2008,8/8/2008,72,176,4,4,5>HELLO CLEVELAND!Is what I thought to myself as I watched a battle of the bands competition here last week.Straight out of a scene of Guitar Hero (you know where you start out as a local band at a local venue) this arena is definitely quaint, and will make you feel cool as you become a groupie to your local bands.The ventilation sucks though- you may want to come prepared afterward and stock up on your bottles of  Frebreeze now; it definitely smelled like an open ashtray (my poor motorcycle-inspired leather jacket).Oh yeah, there's a lack of seating here, and all concrete floors, so wear comfy shoes, as you will most likely stand forever (my dogs were definitely barking!).
<review# 2116,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2008,8/7/2008,24,54,4,5,4>Do you take pleasure in the exquisite flavoring and preparation in Chili's fajitas?If so, then stop reading now. This review is not for you.I had some fajita withdrawal symptoms when I moved to Atlanta. I had some bad, bland experiences at chains (I can't talk about it). Probably my fault for ordering them at Applebee's.One night we go into Mexico City Gourmet for a switch-up from the usual Los Loros (they're on the same street). I remember the place having a typical decor. There is a guitarist playing in the corner, so that's a perk.I hadn't learned from past experiences, apparently, because I ordered the beef fajitas.Good. Lord. They are everything I had wished they could be. And more. Heavy on the salt and pepper.I actually raved to the server at meal's end. "I have not had it like this since Texas." His reply: "Yeah, we actually have several fajita regulars who are Texan."Well there ya go. I guarantee there are no "fajita regulars" at Chili's.
<review# 2117,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2008,8/6/2008,36,17,1,5,3>Confessions of a Angelino expat: I had been searching long and hard for authentic north-of-the-border Mexican, and had just about given up hope when---thanks to the 'Loaf---I found myself stepping into the oasis that is Mi Barrio. This family-owned tastes-like-your-Mexican-grandma-cooked-it joint on Memorial serves up soulfully simple yet flavorful grub in an unpretentious cozy setting, complete with deadly margaritas, pozole, and lengua tacos. Viva Mi Barrio!
<review# 2118,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2008,8/5/2008,122,91,,14,10>Wonder Root is a community arts facility right on Memorial off of Moreland. It's a center where all types of artists across multiple mediums can go and create and give back to the community. For a membership fee that's currently $10/ month or $60/year, members have access to a production and recording studio (with instruments), digital video editing software, Adobe CS3 on some tricked out Macs, a performance space, a darkroom, a ceramic studio, a multimedia presentation room, and a general library/lounge. I'm a frustrated creative genius, but at Wonder Root I can write, draw, knit, and do graphic design with no excuses about time, space, or cost.  Membership includes workshops, like on Adobe Illustrator or Pro Tools where you learn by doing or sitting in on a session of musicians to see how it's done. They also do outreach and take programs to the schools and encourage the artists and members of Wonder Root to participate and give back. It's a great place to go (wi-fi enabled) as an alternative to a coffee shop, which requires spending $ and being tempted to leave. Here, you can take a break with a lunch you packed and chat with other creative folk about how you can collaborate and grow your businesses or peruse the art from local geniuses that's for sale on the walls. The only caveat I have is the parking situation--verry tricky. You park in a lot that goes up and to the left, which is not the lot that Wonder Root Shares with British in the City Motorcycle shop. Probably you should call for the best directions on how to do that.
<review# 2119,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2008,8/3/2008,39,95,7,5,5>Three visits and Three words - yum, yum, YUM!   LOVE the decor - the feeling of a old time seafood / steak houseService - Excellent, humorous and have a real sense of genuine hospitality (waitstaff, chef and owners!)Oysters - Delicious.  But - PLEASE - splurge and order that 1/2 bottle of Vevue Champagne to enjoy with the oysters.  Two aphrodisiacs in one bite - is that legal?Appetizers - Calamari (some of the best  I've ever had) and Parmesan Truffled Potato Chips (if you don't order this you are seriously missing out!)Main Entree - Seriously, I never have enough room to make it to entree.  Which actually works to my advantage - I pick off every ones plate at the table - getting to try 4 or 5 different entrees.  I am impressed with all of them.Dessert - we were celebrating a birthday. So the waiter brings out this HUGE plate of assorted dessert - a pineapple cake, pastries stuffed with ice cream, creme brulee, and some sort of apple tart.So I get home and as soon as I start feeling hungry again (HOURS later), I'm craving C&S Seafood and plotting my next dinner reservation.  It's just that good!  Pricey, but worth it!Negative?  The toddler that was running around our table - who was insistent on taking my attention away from one of the best meals I have had in a while.  Wait!  That was MY kid  ;-)
<review# 2120,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2008,8/2/2008,23,15,5,6,8>Only if you are in it to win it... This is not the pub for the shiny shirt, suede shoe crowd... And trust me, that is a fun crowd but this is certainly not the destination for aperitif's and phone number collecting... No wingmen required for this place. If you want the most authentic beer drinking experience than this is the place for you. MacCracken's has the most European high gravity beers on-tap in Atlanta. French, Bavarian, English, German, etc... You name it, they got it, undiluted and on tap. OH! and there is no sticker shock. Like, a quality imported high-gravity pint is most agreeable at $4-$7 per. Not to mention the authentic atmosphere, there are a variety of manly, plaid laden rooms with intimate furnishings that can get you as close to or as far as you want to be from your drinking cohorts. OH! and heres a good ol' favorite, you can actually light up a cigar and smoke til your hearts content. Alone or with a group of friends, this place caters to your drinking experience... Hell, I even took my dad one time, just to bond and talk and catch up, he's in his upper 50's and loved the extensive single malt collection. They cater to you, your drink of choice and your atmosphere, you can remove yourself and hide away in one of the many authentic rooms or you can saddle up to the bar and talk smack with the GM or catch up with your favorite female tending bar. Upon ordering a pint of the French high-gravity, they brought me a variety of cheeses that complimented the hidden flavors of my beer at no charge and I did not even know to ask for it.... That combination of service and product knowledge ressonates with me. I go whenever I get the chance.
<review# 2121,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2008,8/1/2008,177,122,7,10,6>I agree with Diane...the staff is groovy! lol To be honest the staff is super cool and very welcoming. It's a business I do understand, but they make you feel right at home.So instead of getting lunch or going for my daily run I needed a fix. No I didn't crave a meal from one of the fabulous restaurants reviewed by my fabulous fellow yelpers, or was I gonna give in and purchase that pricey piece of clothing i've been eyeballing from one of the local pricey stores, nor did I visit the local crack dealer on the corner, but instead I needed my tattoo fix. So after careful consideration (and an online peak at the artists artwork) I hopped in my car and off I went. Jevon was my tattoo artist and he was awesome. Thank you Jevon!! My tattoo was drawn up and an hour later i'm done. Painless, comfortable during the sitting, and pleased at the outcome....and not to mention the price was jusssstttttt right.A huge thanks to Jevon for the awesome piece and being so friendly and also to Nick, Billy, and Chris for being so welcoming and friendly as well. Super nice guys with some skillz!! Check em' out!!
<review# 2122,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2008,7/30/2008,53,28,6,4,6>It was a dry dark season, five months of mirage after mirage with no oasis in site. Beautiful exteriors promising culinary delights only to offer fried disappointment.....until I ate my first bite of Tortelli di Mele from Pasta Da Pulcinella! I must admit in my deep food depression I could only muster the strength to pick up take-out on a Tuesday evening, expecting another unkept promise I took my first bite and it was like seeing color for the first time, I have been rescued. Oh and the Tagliatelle Verdi alla Bolognese was pretty good too. Woo. (details-beautiful location, friendly staff.)
<review# 2123,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2008,7/29/2008,0,1,7,19,11>I'm 27 years old, and I guess I was about 225 pounds when I joined (I'm 6'4"). Throughout my adulthood, exercise has been minor and sporadic (I'd do pushups and sit-ups, or I'd start jogging, or I'd start lifting weights - but I could never keep it up longer than a few weeks, for one reason or another). Over the years, my lifestyle has gotten more sedentary, and my fitness level has suffered. I've done pretty much every major drug there is, ate fast food every day for several years, and I've been increasingly inactive. My blood pressure was getting high, my stress level was through the roof, and I was starting to get fat. I wanted - NEEDED - to get in shape, and I wanted to take steps to ensure that I would succeed this time. My girlfriend suggested we join Unit 2, which a couple of her friends had recommended. I'd been considering cardio kickboxing for many years, but never took it further than checking out websites, etc... The idea appealed to me for several reasons: for one, I've always wanted to learn a martial art, but never pursued it. Also, I grew up playing football - I miss being active in a full-contact sport, and I miss the overall level of fitness that it afforded me... Cardio kickboxing and martial arts seemed more and more like something I wanted to be doing. After considering for a while, my girlfriend and I decided to go check the place out and sign up for a free trial week of classes.I'm starting my 4th week of classes today. They offer cardio kickboxing, muay thai/boxing, jiu jitsu, and a few others. So far I've only taken cardio kickboxing, so that is all I can comment on at this point. On my first day, I went in completely out of shape and inactive, not properly hydrated, and basically unprepared for what was coming... I was a smoker at the time too... In terms of intensity, the first day's class was ROUGH. I lost my breath rather quickly, and puked halfway through the workout (I made it to the bathroom first...). But despite how hard it was, I knew that it was what I was looking for. I took the mindset that it wasn't so much the class that made me puke - it was from being in terrible shape... So I came back the next day, and the next day, and the next... I've been surprised with how easy it has been to fit into my schedule - I just had to get used to going straight to the gym after work before I go out for the evening. Looking back, I might suggest that completely inactive people, particularly smokers, prepare themselves with a few days/weeks of jogging + pushups + crunches, or at least some sort of moderate aerobic exercise, before joining. Overexertion, vomiting and exhaustion can be kinda discouraging ("Maybe I wasn't cut out for this sorta thing"), and might keep you from wanting to go back. It's a better experience overall when you can make it through the exercise without pushing yourself too hard.As you can see from the other reviews, treadmills and cardio machines are fairly limited. To set the record straight, they currently have one bicycle, one elliptical machine, and one treadmill. As another post mentioned, however, the primary focus of the gym tends to be on its classes rather than its free-weights and machines. Most people are either there to learn how to fight or to get an intense workout in the kickboxing classes. Weights and cardio machines seem to be used as a supplement or addition to the class workouts rather than the other way around. As a result, the cardio machines tend to be vacant more often than not - In fact, I get the feeling that most gym members do not usually use free weights OR cardio machines (This is purely my general observation, and I could be totally wrong for all I know...) The exterior of the gym does have a slight hole-in-the-wall feel to it, for better or worse. I wouldn't say that it's run-down - just not done-up... I'll agree that the parking lot has the charm of a tow yard, but I think if they got a nicer fence and paved the partially-gravel parking lot, it would have a nicer feel to it. On the other hand, however, one might find that the unpolished exterior suits the strictly-business character of the place. It's about hard work and achieving goals, with little attention being paid to how fancy the place looks. As for the interior, it's fairly plain for the most part. There are a few neat paintings on the walls, but that's about it.One other thing that made this place stand out for me is that they play stuff like The Misfits on the radio instead of techno crap, and some of the members are the punk-rock tattooed type, which I feel much more comfortable around than the typical gym crowd. I haven't encountered one person with a bad attitude or a smug disposition. I would highly recommend Unit 2 for anyone serious about getting in shape, particularly those that find exercise boring, those who lack motivation, or those who think the idea of joining a "gym" is kinda lame.
<review# 2124,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2008,7/27/2008,787,655,7,11,7>So I decided this morning wanted a change of hair.. I'm such an impulse kinda gal (from hair coloring to cutting).. so I thought to myself.. time for change!! but where to go on a Sunday?? after checking Yelp I decided on Dass! ( I tried to get Lauren's Mark.. but apparently he no longer works with the company *was what I was told*) so I said well just plleeasssee book me with someone who knows what they are doing!! I went in for a dry cut.. yea so I can see exactly what they are doing.. you know African American wet hair dries and shrinks..So I got scheduled with Trisha (who apparently does the super nice tattooed-rocker like receptionist hair as well) I was hoping for edgy cut just like hers! I went in with an idea of what I wanted by the stylist advised me not to the layers ( I love it when a stylist tells you no matter what NO that will look bad..lol)...and instead she offered me a deconstructed bob type hairstyle. 30 min later I was out of the chair with a hip cut and an updated bob! Trisha definitely knows what shes doing and what will fit you and your face. And yes like the previous reviewers this is no great clips so prepared to drop a bit of dough ( $30-50+ depending on your stylists level) , also bring cash for tips ( they don't have a tip line on the credit slip)
<review# 2125,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2008,7/26/2008,167,215,6,4,5>I might have to start taking Prozac I'm so sad that I've lived in Atlanta for 6 years and just now ate at South City Kitchen.  My bridal party and myself went here last weekend for my bachelorette party dinner (since it's upscale Southern, like me;)Atmosphere was modern but cozy, and the food was wonderful.  Fried Green tomatoes to start that even the Yankees loved.  I had the veal dish.  Now, I'd had a few cocktails, but what I recall is that the grits were the stand out component of the dish.  Not to say that the veal wasn't exciting, but, man, those grits were the proverbial,  "make you slap yo' mamma" good.  And finally, thanks for the hook-up Michael!!
<review# 2126,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2008,7/25/2008,10,13,2,7,8>Taco Mac at Metropolis has opened!  As packed and fun as the 'Mac in Virginia Highlands, but roomy with the same swanky style as the 'Mac in Lindbergh Station.Prepare yourself for great people watching, tons of high-definition TVs in every direction, a beer list that includes 140 bottled and draft varieties, and friendly, eager-to-please wait staff.  This place is a non-stop party.  Taco Mac at Metropolis is a GREAT non-smoking environment, but the manager assured me that outdoor seating will be going in for all you Marlboro fans out there.For any nay-sayers worried about new restaurant jitters, there is no need for concern about a shaky start for an untested kitchen crew.  They have the full menu going from the start, and the food is just as finger-licking good as other locations.This addition to the Taco Mac franchise builds on the can't lose reputation of the southern chain, and the midtown location (with INCREDIBLE hours!) immediately vaults this restaurant to the top of area places to be - and be seen!
<review# 2127,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2008,7/24/2008,16,162,6,7,6>Note: Don't go to The Glenn Hotel if you can't afford it. What I mean to say is, it's not inexpensive but worth every penny.The property has something for everyone and myself and four others enjoyed every bit of it. Valet parking is a dream especially if there's a concert going on at Philips arena. We started in the hotel lobby lounge waiting for the rain to stop so we could eventually check out the rooftop bar.Pleasant and quiet service took care of anything we needed in this comfortable downstairs lounge. Rain over, we took the one tiny elevator upstairs to the roof deck that overlooks the still broken skyline of Atlanta. When are they going to fix those darn windows that were damaged during the tornado? A fun crew working behind the bar and a live acoustic set by a guy who looked like he just got dumped. That was a bit of a downer.Lots of room on plush couch/bed set ups and cocktail tables lining the perimeter of the roof.Despite being a half hour late for our dinner reservation (damn you extra glass of champagne + sunset) we were seated right away in the dining room. You can tell a lot of thought was put into the decor of the space though certain corners were dark and lacking the detail you experience upon first entering the restaurant. Our server with an accent so thick I thought it was Charo herself, was informative and seemed to have a whole team supporting her. Our glasses were never empty, our food well-timed and napkins folded when returning to the table from the restroom. I especially like that last bit. The food - please go and try as many appetizers as you can to explore the creativity and fresh ingredients fused together that will make your tummy so happy. Really, we were all stealing bits off each other's plates.
<review# 2128,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2008,7/23/2008,241,445,4,4,5>You would expect this place to be in another city. Really passionate people into gelato.You can talk to the counter person about recipes, cakes, gelato, pasta, for an hour. Or maybe that's just me?Paolo wasn't there but the girl behind the counter was just as cordial. If in Atlanta, you must go here, four benches outside, and the coolest thing, is they have a "dog bar" if you are walking someone's dog (a water bowl) to leave your dog outside to get a good drink. Nice.
<review# 2129,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2008,7/22/2008,94,50,4,4,4>We came here for a family dinner and as soon as I walked in, I remembered how much I like this place.  They've got a patio and a nice dining area with huge screens playing whatever game is going.  The night's pick: golf.  Man, that Tiger makes a lot of unbelievable eagles!  I do have a question:  What happened to the old school fire truck that used to be out front?We started with the Kari Kari Crab & Cream Cheese Dumplings and the Seared Jumbo Scallops.  Dumplings were ok but the Scallops were divine.  Nice spice, good sear, and cooked just perfectly.  Makes me wish it was a main dish.The soup du jour was a cold red pepper, tomato, and something.  Nice and cream and really good to sip on during the summer.  Yakatori Lamb Chops were ok - not only was it over seasoned, but I think they poured a whole bag of salt in the yakatori salt.  Beet Salad was good if not cut a little too small.  It was better eating it with a spoon than a fork.  Hmmm, that made me think of a spork. . . . . The standouts that night were the Lamb Tenderloin with Red Wine Rosemary demi-glace, Grilled Rib Eye special, and the American Kobe Tender.  The lamb and cooked to medium well (I prefer medium rare, but hey, it's mom's dish not mine).  Grilled rib eye was very good with a bit of the mushroom sauce.  But my favorite was American Kobe, it was cooked to perfection and went down so well with the shitakes and caramelized onions.  My brother had to tell me to stop eating his dinner!  =PThe goat cheese cheesecake was bleh.  It didn't taste good and the texture was very strange.  But I could go back tonight just for the Asian Pear Strudel with ginger cream!  It came out nice and warm with a flaky crust.The stuff on the daily specials are definitely the way to go cause it goes fast!
<review# 2130,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/13/2008,7/21/2008,244,602,31,16,16>Sometimes my curiosity gets the better of me.  Oh, what's behind this door?  Let's order this!  Would you mind if I touched your monkey?  Sure, strange man wearing a trenchcoat in summer, I'll try whatever candy you've got in the back of that windowless van of yours.  Sometimes I win, most times I lose.  I'd be happy to say that Neretva Market Euro Food Grill was a win of VE-Day proportions, but....I'd be lying.As I drove through the parking lot leaving Pao de Mal, I spied a patio filled to the brim with swarthy guys in dark t-shirts all smoking cigarettes.  "Hmmmm,"  I thought, "Euro Food? What the hell is that?  But it's pretty crowded so it should be good."  Note to self:  North Korea is also crowded. That doesn't mean that it's any good.I returned a few days later to investigate.  The same gaggle of swarthy men gathered on the patio.  I entered....and was the only one inside.  That's when it occurred to me that 1) I was the only one not smoking and 2) I was the only one ordering food.But I'd made the trip and was led to a table near a large scale model of a historic bridge, complete with babbling, bubbling water effect.  I've since read that it's a model of the Stari Most Bridge which crosses the Neretva (ah, THAT'S where they get that name) River.  The bridge is historic and meaningful and listening to that water effect makes me want to pee.  Hold on.Anyway, I read the menu.  Based on my vast knowledge of global geopolitics, I narrowed down the strange script in front of me to possibly Bosnian.  Or Croatian.  OK, so in reality my knowledge of geopolitics, especially for this region, is limited to that one dude from ER, but I know better than to assume one country over another.  I'll ask them later.I ordered a plate of sausage.  Not that I had much of a choice.  Like trying to pick up at a gay bar, pretty much most of the selection is sausage.  They have mild sausage and spicy sausage.  Chicken was available, but since sausage seemed to be the mainstay, I ordered the sausage.  When in Sarajevo, do what the Sarajevoians do.It took a while for lunch to arrive which was strange as I was the only one in there.  I'm fairly sure this restaurant is a family affair since I heard some yelling by an old guy in the back, done in such a way that could only be meant for family and not an employee.  My server/hostess appeared a later, a little shaken and giving me a forced smile as she rushed to do whatever she was being "asked" to do. AWK-waaaard.The food arrived and it wasn't bad.  It wasn't great, but it was fine.  I mean, it was sausage.  It's kind of hard to screw up sausage.  The bread was good too.  (Was I supposed to eat this like a sandwich?)  The salad was made up of red onion slices, tomatoes and shredded iceberg lettuce.  The onion and tomatoes were fine, but the lettuce was on its last legs.  When it comes to vegetables, it's not time to ask "What can Brown do for you?"I paid up at the counter.  I took the opportunity to ask the person taking my cash, "So, excuse my ignorance, but what country was this cuisine?""The former Yugoslavia, my friend.""But any particular region?""Well, Yugoslavia has had its problems [understatement of the year- Ivan], but we identify with the entire region.  We just like to say the former Yugoslavia."Years of intense civil war, countless deaths, and the guy still tries to include everyone.   I can dig that, my friend.  For that and that alone, I'm bumping you up from two stars to three.
<review# 2131,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/27/2008,7/20/2008,43,102,4,6,5>I have a strange relationship with Apres Diem. I can totally understand why some people just don't get it. Sometimes I don't get it!Here's what I like about it. 1.) Great ambiance2.) Indoor and outdoor seating with heaters on the patio in the winter3.) What I call "the couch room"  - cozy couchiness with great art on the walls4.) Free wifi so you can sit on the previously mentioned couchy goodness and work with endless coffee coming your way5.) Drinking at Apres on the weekends is an international experience. I always meet people from all over the world when I'm there. I love that.Things I don't like: 1.) Inconsistent food- I've had amazing food here but I was also once served a very undercooked stuffed salmon that made me want to gag.2.) The ceiling...no, i'm not kidding. What the hell is that crap all over the exposed pipes? All I know is that it moves and looks like little pieces of it could float down into your food. Yuck! I try not to look up. (Since I wrote the initial review, Apres has cleaned off the pipes and covered them with these nifty wood panels...I can't help but wonder if the change was made through the power of Yelp. Kinda spooky huh?)3.) Inconsistent service - I've had the best and the worstYep, sometimes I get it and sometimes I don't. After writing this review, I think I've realized that Apres is great if you want to sit in the comfort in the couch room without being bothered and get some work done OR for popping in at night for a yummy martini. Otherwise it's kind of hit or miss.
<review# 2132,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2008,7/19/2008,36,89,4,4,5>A burger and a bucket of beer?  Don't mind if I do!Bring your appetite because these burgers are anything but wimpy.  I found the coronary bypass and double coronary bypass nothing short of hilarious.  Hmmm...how do we make a burger topped with cheese, bacon, and a fried egg even more unhealthy?  I know - let's replace the buns with grilled cheese sandwiches!!  I tried the big blue buffalo burger (buffalo sauce and blue cheese spread) which was wonderful.  They also have new Black & Tan onion rings which I had to try - they were really good!  The breading had a great, slightly sweet flavor.  They also have great sandwiches (even vegetarian offerings) and salads but their burgers are, of course, the stars of the show.***UPDATE as of 4/6/08***Had a chance to try the Pancetta Pomodoro sandwich during my last visit, which is just an Italian version of a BLT sandwich.  Although creative and overall a good sandwich, I have to admit is was just a tad too salty.  Pancetta is saltier than your typical bacon as it is and the bread also had quite a bit of seasoning.  It must not have been that bad, because I still ate it all.  :)
<review# 2133,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/29/2008,7/18/2008,78,71,10,13,11>The yelpolitcally correct thing to do is to first disclaim that I received special treatment on this visit. I met an affiliate of Straits at the bar at Ecco on Friday night, after talking restaurant biz for about 30 minutes while waiting for my girl friend to arrive, we decided to finish our drinks and check out Straits with him and his crew.So, the restaurant.... Unlike Luda's 2003 album, "Chicken-N-Beer", Straits is inspired by its Singaporean and Southern ownership.Rapper, Ludacris and Chris Yeo fuze Singaporean and Southern food to make and adventurous and diverse dining experience. The space is very different from it's previous tenant, Spice. It's sexy sleek. The bar is bright with candles and fluorescent lighting, the dining room more casual with intimate tables for two and a few communal tables for large groups. There's an exclusive downstairs lounge that will be used for VIP's like Luda and his crew or for high rollers expecting bottle service. Loungy, contemporary furniture, throw pillows and brick walls, makes this exclusive lounge what I like to call urban sexy!Chris Yeo, the Executive Chef and Partner, is an amazing character. Charming and just as hip as his restaurant, he welcomed our group, lounged with us and talked Atlanta and restaurant biz stuff with us for a while and told us about his adventures in Frisco. Chef sent us a tasting of the menu to share for the group. Chef Yeo says, " After you have my food you will want to marry me." I proposed marriage 2 bites after the crab cake. He set the date for February 30th of next year!- LOL!The food is meant to be served family style. Meaning you order your own entree, but everyone shares. The portions are also good for doing this as well. The drink menu reads, " I feel bad for people that don't drink, because when they wake up in the morning that's the best they will feel all day" - a bit intimidating, I wasn't sure what to think of the cocktail menu.We both had specialty martini's that are muddled with fresh fruit. TASTY! An unpredictable combo, Ludacris and Chris Yeo/Singaporean and Southern, but an adventurous and fun atmosphere.
<review# 2134,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/11/2008,7/17/2008,352,299,9,12,12>I felt like I was walking on to a movie set. There were a bunch of actors dressed in traditional Italian ristorante fashion, complete with maroon vests ... and thick accents. Wood paneling covered the walls and provided the perfect backdrop for the obligatory fish tank behind the bar. No, not some fancy salt water tank -- an old-school classroom-style tank o' fish.Our server recommended the very good deal of the day, which, it turns out, was actually the good "veal." So we went with what was recommended and ordered veal, prepared two different ways. I ordered the piccata -- medallions of veal sauted in butter, lemon, white wine sauce, and zucchini with capers. They aren't joking about the butter part -- my veal was swimming in it. What? You didn't know veal could swim? It can. Despite the cholesterol, my meal was delicious.Upon ordering, the waiter asked us which side item we would like. When presented with myriad of options I inquired about his favorite. Without a breath he responded, "You'll see!" He quickly spun around and was off before we could get in another word. He ended up bringing us two types of pasta -- yum!The light fixtures and suspended ceiling date back at least 30 years (the restaurant first started serving up authentic Italian food in 1974). Eclectic art hangs on the wall. It's nice to know that good things stick around.
<review# 2135,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2008,7/16/2008,9,3,5,12,12>Okay...this is my first review!!  I'm no longer a Review Virgin!!! I have decided to start training for the Long Beach Marathon in October.  Since I'm SOOO anal about throwing myself into new groups, projects, subjects, etc., I have spent the last few days researching and researching everything there is to know about Marathon Training and the related equipment need to be successful (for me success means not having a heart attack before mile 10).  In doing my research, I found a GREAT store to get running shoes, clothing, equipment, etc.  Well, I was AMAZED at how helpful and VERY high tech this place is.  When I walked in, I was immediately helped by clearly a running expert.  After letting him know that I was looking for a good pair of running shoes, he asked me to roll up my dress pants and step onto a infared scanner, which let him know exactly where the pressure points for my foot and exactly how I distributed my weight. Then, he gave me a pair of test shoes and asked me to get on a treadmill for 20 secs.  There as a camera set up on the treadmill pointed at my heels and ankles, and above the treadmill, was the image of me running.  From this "scan", he was able to tell what kind of runner I was and which shoes would best help me during a long run.  He came out with a pair of shoes tailored to my specs, and I must say he got it right on!  These shoes feel as if they are custom made for me!  Kudos to the Big Peach Running Co. and it's knowledgeable staff. I was so impressed with the high "techness" of this store....very "James Bond"... :)  If you're a runner or thinking about getting into running, please stop by Big Peach and get an analysis done....it's well worth it!
<review# 2136,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2008,7/15/2008,216,364,4,8,9>Wonderful old-school bakery with a friendly staff and delicious treats.  There's a reason they've been in business since 1930!They're known for their amazing Southern cheese-straws, but my fiance and I were lured by their delicious cakes and sweets.  We were immediately greeted and offered samples of cakes and cupcakes.  While tasting them and asking questions, our "first dance" song started playing over the bakery's radio.  My fiance and I looked at each other, knowing we LOVED what we tasted, and knew this was the place to make our wedding cupcakes.Best thing?  Their prices are almost half of what other bakeries around Atlanta are charging.  For taste, quality, and service, look no further than Rhodes.
<review# 2137,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2008,7/14/2008,40,222,5,8,6>Buttersweet Bakery is a boutique outfit located in Hapeville, GA. What that means is that it's, essentially, a sweets-only shop. But they try very hard and the owner is cute as a button. I was pleased to see that they've added a VERY LIMITED lunch menu since the last time I visited. Though they tout themselves as being a "full-service" bakery on their website, you can't get any non-dessert baked goods (e.g. loaf of bread, sack of rolls). But they do have the BEST BROWNIE I've ever eaten in my life (and I don't like brownies all that much) the cookies are amazing too.  I would say visit Buttersweet when you're sweet tooth is aching. My biggest complaint is the hours they keep. Like many other Hapeville establishments, Buttersweet Bakery seems to only be catering to Delta employees (not working neighborhood dwellers) with the Tues-Fri (10-5) & Sat (10-3) set-up. I don't know that I can really blame them for this though as I am not sure that Hapeville residents have proved they alone can support a shop like this one. I give them four stars with potential for the fifth: stay open later or open earlier and five are yours.
<review# 2138,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2008,7/13/2008,440,453,7,6,7>"Give me some more"The first time I went to Five Guys, I was actually on a lifestyle change (ie a diet), and so I could only eat a 1/2 a burger and about 7 fries:)2 weeks later, I damned that diet and got my grub on at Five Guys.  I didnt realize this place was a regional/national chain, the quality, taste and service screams local hamburger spot...Five guys is simply amazing.  They do hand cut friench fries that are cooked in sometype of "healthy" oil.  Everything is cooked to order, so you arent eating a hamburger thats been sitting under a cooling lamp.The best thing about Five Guys, clearly the burgers.  Made to order, fresh right off the grill (my mouth is literally watering right now).  The place still maintains its local flavor with newspaper clippings about the rise/start of the Five Guys franchise.  For some reason, I really like when restaurants do this..I think in middle school terms they'd call that a "dork"...whatever.Are these the best hamburgers that I have ever had?  No, but they are definitely in my top five in Atlanta..perhaps top four.  Lets just say if it came between Five Guys and Vortex---Id opt to hang out with the "fellas".
<review# 2139,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2008,7/12/2008,216,175,5,8,12>I've recently started working out, and after 6 weeks I realized that the $30 sneakers I bought 3 years ago were not going to be able to keep up with the beatings I was giving them.  Because I was having significant shin pain, and knew nothing about running shoes, I went to the professionals.  While I was a little turned off by having to sign a waiting list to buy a pair of shoes, I later realized it was because of the individualized attention they give their customers.  They analyzed my run, found a shoe that fit my awkward style (which was a full shoe size bigger than my feet), and gave me a variety of shoes to try for comfort.  They even let you try the shoes out for a couple of days to make sure you like them.3 weeks later, my shin splints are greatly diminished and I even managed to shave off a full 35 seconds from my mile time.  While I hope that has something to do with all the conditioning my bodies been going through by training, I'm thinking the shoes were involved as well.
<review# 2140,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/20/2008,7/11/2008,216,382,5,7,7>I was floored to just find out today that there was a new restaurant that opened just a couple minutes from my house. I mean a dozen other Yelpers found out about it, visited, and reviewed it before me in the two weeks its been open. Sad. But Jane and I did go there for an early dinner today.(btw, a big LOL at Blissful G's comment about the "all-mexican kitchen staff", as if that was somehow unique. ;)We went for dinner around 4pm on a Friday, so as you can imagine, it was DEAD (haha) The chips were fresh and the salsa was flavorful. Jane decided we should get margaritas, so we got two of the house margaritas which I thought were pretty good. She then ordered the queso dip which was delicious! Not the flavorless white cheese you get at the local mexican chains.I decided on a taco and an enchilada. I tried to get a carne asada taco but they were out so the waiter suggested I try a brisket taco, so I did. The taco came out in a soft corn tortilla! None of that flour crap! +1 star for that alone. I got a chorizo enchilada which was ok but did not have the strong chorizo flavor I expect. Jane ordered a sope and an enchilada, yet was served a beef enchilada instead of chicken. With us being the only customers in the place, that's inexcusable, -1 star. I was kind of expecting a real dinner menu, but this place really was kind of like a sit-down version of taqueria del sol... their menu just had ala carte items like tacos, burritos, enchiladas, sopes, tamales and quesadillas. There was a sizable variety of ingredients so that was nice. And the prices were reasonable.This place is still new, so they should be able to work out their issues in due time. But living in this part of town I am thrilled to see a restaurant open that isn't just a diner open from 7-3 for the truck drivers and industrial workers. I hope more follow it! 3 stars for now but I will be back.
<review# 2141,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2008,7/10/2008,192,123,6,9,8>I finally decided to go out on a date with him. We decided since we were both leaving school we would meet at a midpoint between home and school. He picked The Grove and I agreed. Being that I've only driven by this place on my way to work or home I was interested in seeing the inside. I walk in and this is a Good Ol' Fashion sports bar. If you know me at all, taking me to a sports bar isn't a good idea because 'yes' I am like a guy and will totally tune you out, especially when I have a clear visual of 3 different weaknesses (basketball, snow boarding, and car racing). I decided to the advice from an old thread that my favorite 'Yelper' spoke on and ordered a beer and dessert (Stella, and blueberry cheesecake). The Cheesecake was awesome, the glass that my Stella came in smelt of old socks, which turned me off from finishing my cheesecake.The service here was mediocre, I walked in to having an overly stressed looking waitress seat me, telling me the story of how the hostess quit seconds before I entered. The waitress we originally had went AWOL and we ended up getting another girl who at times would get so involved in her dull stories that she would actually sit on the table beside ours (apparently we weren't looking bored enough).I give this place four stars for the simple fact that I never have high hopes when it comes to the neighborhood sports bar, I will probably return for a game and a beer (but I will be sure to ask for a bottle).
<review# 2142,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2008,7/8/2008,15,16,7,9,8>Erin:  Hey Kel. wanna go grab brunch?Kelly:  Sure where do you want to go?Erin:  well, there is always Murphy's or South City Kitchen, and you know we always have great meals there, but let's try something new. Kelly:  Ok, what did you have in mind?Erin:  I don't know. Let's just get in the car, drive around and figure it out.  Kelly: sounds good to me.Scene- driving down N.Highland.Erin: What about that place Kara mentioned over near the new Urban Outfitters of Ponce?Kelly: Eclipse di Sol?  Erin: Yeah, do they serve brunch?  Kelly:  I don't know, lets check it out.  Oh, there is parking for it right there on the right. Nice.  I love a place where you don't have to search for a spot or pay!Tucked in right next to the Highland Inn; Eclipse di Sol emits a sense of a place you might find in a small town in Europe.  The interior is rustic, but clean and inviting.  Suggesting that you "stay a while and enjoy your meal" in true European fashion. Our waitress was great, and service was speedy, but not rushed.  We ordered the cheese plate (of course), and it was delightfully paired with fruit, and just the right portions of cheese.  I enjoyed the fried egg sandwich with Gruyere cheese, sauteed onions and bacon.  Normally, I ix-nay the bread because I am not a big sandwich fan when eating brunch, but the bread was so light and fluffy that you didn't become bogged down with that " Oh, lord, I ate too much now I am going to burst feeling". My friend {Erin}, had the turkey burger with cranberry mayo, cheddar cheese it came with two types of house chips.  Regular and Sweet Potato.  This is a big bonus in my book.  Anywhere that serves sweet potato fries or chips gets a big Gold Star! It such a great change from the everyday potato chip.  Plus, being the daredevils that we are. We took the left over St. Andre Blue Cheese, and added it to the sweet potato chips.  SCRUM-Diddly-UM-tious!The drinks were good (cant really mess up a mimosa now can you?), but Erin had the winner.  The Bloody Mary mix they use is perfectly concocted.  Not too spicy, but not watery and bland.  I will have one of those next time I dine there.  My friends and I are a bit of Bloody Mary Mix connoisseurs if you will (lots of  UGA tailgating has led to this)Overall, good place for brunch, and I am interested in trying it for lunch, and perhaps late nite lounging.  Of course I will always pay homage to my company favorite South City Kitchen for brunch; but it's ok to try new places, and this place was great!
<review# 2143,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/3/2008,7/7/2008,131,65,3,4,3>Fine... Like George Carlin said in one of his skits: "How's your hair?", "Fine". Establishment is nice, Food is "eehhhh", Service is a bit slow.I met a couple friends here for dinner before a Yelp event.  The location is great for the OnTP'ers (I'm trying to start a new catch phrase... get it? "On The Perimeter"?) at the junction of 285 and Atlanta Rd.  The establishment is attractive, it has a patio, it's far enough off the roads to not be too terribly affected by traffic noise.  It also claims to be a Steeler bar (a bonus point or two)... I need to figure out the Pittsburgh connection.I arrived before my friends and asked for one of the patio seats still available and was promptly seated with no wait (well, it's a Wednesday!). The menu is standard pub fare with cubans, steak salads, burgers, etc. We ordered "beverages" promptly and after a wait finally ordered meals.The meals took a little longer than expected with mine (oh I don't remember, some sorta panini thing) being the long pole in the tent. In fact, my friends' meals were brought out before mine with the statement "your panini is still being pressed"... so I was thinking "ummm, ok... how 'bout if you don't make it flat... can I get it now?" So, a few minutes later, I get my pressed pannini.  The food was fine... a little on the tasteless side... not bad... just "ehhh".As for being a Steeler bar... The bar area is large enough and has a good amount of high-top seating and flat screen lcds but... there are no "center-stage" tvs and the few that are there are a little small... I dunno. Also, being from the Steel Town (that makes me a bonafide expert... yeah, right), McCray Tavern is a little too "polished"... A friend (Go Gretchen O.!) turned me onto Charlie Mopps for a Steeler bar and the atmosphere just seems more appropriate.  Nonetheless, I may try to check it out during the season... but maybe I'll eat first.
<review# 2144,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2008,7/6/2008,29,39,3,5,4>I almost didn't write this review.  I perused the other ones before me and realized from a food perspective, I really had nothing to add.  Yes, they have the best Cuban sandwiches in town.  I'm pretty sure the sauce Kool Korners uses to season the sandwiches is laced with either crack, a Foie gras reduction, or something else equally addictive.  Their menu is very simple so it's been more than covered by the other reviewers already.Eventually, I did remember one thing to add.  The one complaint most people have is that there's nowhere nearby to eat the food.  They have 1 outside table for seating, and when it's busy that's rarely available.What most people don't know is that there's a playground within walking distance, that has a couple more tables and is always empty.  Walk (or drive, if you're feeling especially lazy) down State Street towards 10th (towards Georgia Tech).  Before you get to 10th street, there are a couple of streets where you can turn right.  If you turn right on Calhoun or Richards (I forget which one), there is a tiny playground with a swing set and a couple of picnic tables.  It's out of the way of traffic so it's quiet, and I've never seen anyone else in that playground during lunch hours.  There is a daycare next door, but they have their own fenced in playground and I don't believe their kids play in the open one.You heard it here first.
<review# 2145,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2008,7/5/2008,15,78,4,5,5>I had to take my car in for service after a FOURTH break-in in a year (detect any bitterness?).  I selected Abra, since that's who my car dealer contracts for lots of jobs.  Abra did a great job on my repairs, which were:--a shattered passenger-side window--a broken latch on the between-the-seats glovebox--a broken lever that controls the passenger seat positionThey were super nice and very quick.  Can't comment on price, since I had to make a claim with my insurance.  If you are looking for fast, friendly service in Marietta, this is a great place to go.
<review# 2146,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/29/2008,7/4/2008,145,240,3,5,6>I went into Rosa Mexicana with an expectation of what was to come, and for the most part, my expectation paralleled my experience. My thought was that decor and looks would supersede the food, and for the most part, I was correct. However, I will say the food was mighty tasty, but I didn't feel that the pricing was at all representative of what one should get.I visited Rosa with a newcomer (like myself) and a patron of R.M. The patron said we HAD to get the guacamole. It's house-made table-side and served with chips, a warm batch of tortillas and red (I don't know what this was) and tomatillo salsa. I'm not a guac person, so I won't attempt to review it, but the red stuff is awesome. Everyone at the table disliked it, but I downed the tiny bowl it was served in. It's like smokey, spicy, ketchupy goodness. If anyone knows what this is, tell me!We were also informed by the patron that we must also get the pomegranate margaritas. Albeit girly, they were pretty damn good.The meal was good, but not great and portions were lacking. I got the Budin de Pollo. Again good, but not 17 dollars good. With an average price of $20 per entree, this place needs to throw more on the plate. Thank goodness for said patron's company expense account!They have a lot of interesting sounding items on the menu, it's just that I know if I go back, I'll leave hungry.I will give it to them - the waterfall wall with cliff jumpers is pretty cool.Ole!
<review# 2147,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2007,7/3/2008,63,63,1,4,5>Last night, my boy and I had a lot to celebrate, but as one of the things we were celebrating was the fact that we are likely buying a house that is slightly more expensive than we can comfortably afford, we were torn. The other thing we were celebrating was me receiving an offer for my dream job today -- a huge, huge deal. What to do?So, we decided to cheap out on a fabulous place instead of heading to a loud, unwashed masses kind of place. First, we tried to eat at the bar at Shaun's -- everyone else raves about it, but the one time we went it wasn't that great. I'm hoping it was just an off night for them. Well, turns out that Shaun's is closed on Tuesdays, apparently, so we headed for Rathbun's, the original, one of our mainstays.We chose to sit on the patio, rather than at the bar. Their patio is both covered and enclosed on the sides, so that it was quite comfortable in the balmy December weather even with the heaters off. It's also quite a bit quieter and less claustrophobic than the inside. Two thumbs up on the patio, Kevin!We came with the intention of sharing small plates, but there are so many delicious and decadent things to choose from. What to have? We settled on:First course: Garlic Fennel Soup -- this soup was creamy, flavorful with just a hint of fennel flavor (I am not a licorice person, so subtle fennel=good fennel in my book). Extremely delicious. We were soaking up every last drop with our bread.Second course: Eggplant Steak Fries with Confectioner's Sugar Tabasco Dipping Sauce and Krog Street Mozzarella with Hot Cotto and Black Olive Vinaigrette. We had one order of each of these. The eggplant fries were divine, as usual. These fries never fail to make the boy say "But I don't like eggplant!" The dipping sauce sounds scary, but the combination of the sweet spiciness and the crisp eggplant is genius. The server had the kitchen split the cheese dish into two portions which were beautifully plated. The cotto (which is sort of like salami) was a nice complex, not-too-spicy flavor that complemented the mild, creamy mozzarella well, and the black olive vinaigrette pulled it all together by adding a little moisture to both loosen up the cotto and hold it all together.Third course: Dark Chocolate Flourless Cake with Coffee Ice Cream and Raspberries. This was beautifully presented, and quite tasty. Moist, not-too-rich. I only had a bite of it, but the boy, the sweets connoisseur in the family, was very happy.Libations: A bottle of Vina Robles, Syrah, Paso Robles, California '03. This wine was in the cheapest category of reds on the menu, but it was utterly respectable, especially once it opened up and lost its tartness. Luckily, it dropped the tart note while we were eating the creamy, creamy soup, which stood up to the wine just fine in its pre-mellowing moments.Initially, I wasn't sure if what we had ordered was going to be enough food, but we were thoroughly satisfied, and even left 3 or 4 eggplant fries orphaned on the plate. We were also very pleasantly surprised by how inexpensively we were able to have such a satisfying, delicious meal with such wonderful service and atmosphere. The bill came to about $55; so for under $70 (including tips for the server and the valet), we achieved our celebratory goal at one of our favorite restaurants in town. I think we've spent more at the Vortex before. Wow! Thanks, Kev.
<review# 2148,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2008,7/2/2008,94,110,6,8,8>Okay, I'll admit it... I did not initially want to set foot in Chef Liu's.  It's this little hut oddly situated diagonally in the middle of a run-down strip mall on Buford Highway.  I love adventurous eating.  I like the cozy, quaint, semi-tacky, wow-I'm-almost-in-Asia feel of a lot of the typical Buford Hwy joints.  But a parking lot shack?  With a drive-thru?  That seemed a bit too sketch for my American stomach to handle.  Thankfully, I gave in to my boyfriend's pleas and bravely... without a single bottle of delicious pink Pepto in my arsenal... followed him in to the BEST CHINESE SNACK SHACK I've found in the ATL.Dumplings, stuffed buns, egg and chive pancakes, noodle soup... all the classic quick-n-cheap eats one finds in Beijing can also be found at Chef Liu's.  They even have the fried dough sticks dipped in condensed milk!  Authentic Chinese comfort food, served up steaming hot and FAST.  I'll definitely be going back!  And I didn't even need the Pepto afterwards.  Score!
<review# 2149,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2008,7/1/2008,147,260,6,13,11>My fashionista mother always stressed the importance of buying high-quality shoes, saying that "Good shoes will lead you to good places."  Having this faux proverb drilled into my head throughout my childhood, I find myself frequently gravitating towards Jeffrey.Shoes' Mecca, shoe lover's dream, shoes paradise, or whatever term you may use to describe this place, this is the place to be if you are trying to find that perfect pair.  Although every associate provides wonderful and professional service, I have a special place in my heart for Mr. Bobby Walls, who is beyond amazing.  He suggests a great selection of shoes everytime I go, and that makes my shoe shopping so much easier and delightful.From black to pastel and stilettos to flats, Jeffrey carries a good variety of shoes.  On top of that, they also have a decent collection of purses. So whatever your occasion may be, if you need to add an extra sparkle to your outfit, Jeffrey is your answer.  And who knows, maybe my mother's saying will come true!
<review# 2150,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2008,6/30/2008,29,94,4,5,5>I can't believe that I never knew this place existed.  One meal instantly vaults Las Palmeras into my number one choice for Cuban slot.  Imagine putting a covered patio on the front of your grandma's house and you get the idea of the space.  Very warm and inviting.  The Pollo Frito  (marinated quarter chicken par-boiled then pan fried ) and Picadillo (or something like that - ground beef with spices and olives) were very nice.  Flavorful without being too oily.   If you go, may I recommend the fried Yucca as a side.  As far as I am concerned, if french fries converted from potatoes to yucca the world would be a better place.  The house red (Tempranillo) is only 4 bucks per glass and the service from Maria and Chris is timely and friendly.  On a selfish note, they carry my favorite hot sauce (El Yucateco) which moves my rating into the 4.5 star range.  Next time I will check out the sandwiches.
<review# 2151,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2008,6/29/2008,120,360,,5,6>I am so happy I decided to run to westside.  This little boutique, next to 1-five-0, is known for its designer clothing, shoes, and accessories at 50-70% off retail prices.  LUXE showcases over 40 high-end designers, and also some Atlanta artists works.  The store is laid out beautifully, with purses on little shelves.  I loved it.
<review# 2152,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/5/2008,6/28/2008,196,345,6,8,6>Oops, I hit enter before I was ready to post this thing. I'm going to rush so not too many people see my empty review.I have not actually stayed at the hotel, but went for drinks both nights last weekend. This review is therefore limited to the lounge.Pros: -lots of space, indoor and out-lots of furniture-decent crowd-not too loud-decorCons:-WAAAY overpriced-badly mixed drink-decorSo let me explain why I listed the decor as a pro and a con. As you walk into the hotel, this dazzling display of ball lights hanging from strings of varying lengths greets you. Gorgeous! The rest - well, it's interesting. It doesn't exactly go together if you ask me (but I'm no interior decorator - Lauren S., what do you think?) - too much mixing of warm and cool color, and round with square. The outdoor furniture will get blown all the way to smyrna when the next tornado hits and is deceptively comfortable. By that I mean it looks comfortable and is not, especially those plastic woven-looking silver "couches." It looks very clean and trendy, though, and is a pleasant outdoor atmosphere on a warm evening.The indoor furniture is more comfortable, and they have two gargantuan ellipses lined with something velvety and hanging by chains. That's right, you can SWING on these things! I enjoyed this. There are also two large ellipses on the ceiling that have backlit murals of trees. When I looked at it from directly underneath it sort of made me feel like I was drowning in a body of very clear water. This display sustained a twenty-minute conversation between me and this guy I don't know very well.I would recommend this place for a birthday party - there's just a lot of room and it's kind of classy. But I won't be going here regularly, as they can't mix a gin & tonic and still charged me a huge amount of money for it. (Admittedly, I only had one drink, and perhaps they're better at other things. Next time I will try a specialty drink instead of my norm.)
<review# 2153,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2008,6/26/2008,474,1389,4,10,9>Maybe it was because I had just run 13.1 miles in 45 degree weather, but I haven't had such an amazing breakfast in quite a while.  The host-system at the door was a little frustrating - you just write down your name, and then wait, but the space is so small that you were standing next to seated customers and tripping over the other folks in line.  A fellow half-marathoner, my parents, and I had about a 20 minute wait in the entry way, which was quite cramped, but it was totally worth it.  We got a nice cozy booth in the back.  This place is so much cuter on the inside than you would think - hardwood floors, great old prints and newspapers on the walls, muted green accents.Everything on the menu looked so delicious, but I finally decided on the blueberry pancakes.  My mom got the bacon, spinach, mushrooms, and feta omelet with potatoes so that we could both have something hearty and something sweet.  My dad got the DIY sandwich - english muffin, canadian bacon, eggs over medium, and cheddar - with grits.  I had bites of all of it.  The pancakes were good - they were a little more doughy than I like, and I would have preferred double or triple the blueberries, but the portion was generous enough to make up for it.  The omelet was delicious - such a great flavor combination and eggs perfectly cooked and seasoned.  The potatoes has good peppery spice and were not too greasy.  My dad's grits were SO good - they were homestyle and gritty (that's why they're called that, right?).  Everyone raved at the table about everything.Once we got to the table, the service was average - the waitress was very friendly and energetic, but the my friend's sandwich was missing it's bacon.  Plus, with the place being so small, yet so popular, the tables are quite close together, and I felt as though the servers were always in each other's way.  Those are really the only reasons this place didn't get all 5 stars.I think I have a new brunch favorite - although it was filling up fast, so you still need to get in line before 11.Edited 6/10/08-----I tried it for the lunch food, and I have to say that the tag line is there for a reason, and I have to take down a star for the service.  So lunch at social house is a 3, but breakfast is a 4. There's no way around it - the service is just slow.  The wait staff is very friendly and inviting, but that doesn't change the pace.I ordered the fish tacos, since we were there after 11.  The fish was ok, but the tortillas and the black eyed pea relish were great!  I was disappointed when they arrived with fries instead of the crab chips (there were kitchen issues that day apparently, since the ice machine also broke), because I definitely didn't want fries, and I would have asked for something different had I known that the crab chips weren't available, even though the menu says no substitutions.  Jimmy got the meatloaf - it looked like bread, not sure what it tasted like - with mac and cheese (which was cold and chunky at this point) and greens, which were good, but nothing to yelp about.
<review# 2154,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2008,6/24/2008,24,25,3,5,6>What a great restaurant!   Feast has it all - nice ambience, friendly and efficient service, and wonderful food!   The crab and artichoke dip was superb - the best I've ever tasted.  My entree of scallops included a wonderful polenta "cake" and asparagus (my favorite veggie).  I was with a group whose entrees varied from duck to mussels to the pork chop special and it was unanimous that the food was great.  The restaurant has a nice wine list (including some good reasonably priced ones) and a fully stocked bar.  The restaurant and bar are all in the same room, but with the exposed brick and subtle lighting it still has a nice cozy atmosphere.  The entrees run in the low $20's but include side items so they are worth every penny.  It will cost you more to add soup or a salad, but the salads are plenty big if you're willing to share.  Hats off to the owners of Feast!  Did you design your restaurant with me in mind?  I will definitely be back and bring my friends and family!
<review# 2155,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2008,6/23/2008,458,1067,24,13,8>I appreciate Checker Cab.  Why?  Because they remember me.  Actually, I'm not sure if that's good or bad and depending on the evening it can be pretty amusing.  I called them Friday night and the operator asked "are you at Swinging Richard's?"  Nope.  Not this time.  Actually, I don't remember being there recently, so I guess I'm extra glad they picked me up.Their telephone number is extremely easy to remember (four oh four, three five one, eleven, eleven) and they even take credit cards.  Please note that they will not pick-up on street corners.  You must be at an actual address.
<review# 2156,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2008,6/22/2008,119,243,7,4,5>A friend of mine and I decided to splurge after a typical, yet amazing lunch at Doc Chey's, and we decided to pop into this little yogurt shoppe for a treat. What I wasn't expecting, however, was the BEST GREEN TEA ICE CREAM I have ever had. Now, as someone who is lactose intolerant, I have to say that I rarely jump at the chance to have a stomach ache, especially since I am not a huge fan of ice cream; but frozen yogurt is a totally different thing. I am super jazzed that I found this place, because seriously, this stuff is the nectar of the gods!!!I doubt I will try any other flavors, because the green tea was everything I was hoping it would be, and more. It is the perfect amount of tart, and a very refreshing type of yogurt. I love it. Did I mention that I loved it!?!?!?!Okay, I am gushing, but seriously, it is rare when I get any type of ice cream, and instantly want a refill. Also striking about this place, is the super hip and cute interior! I love the orange granite counters, and the super sleek style of this place. I am DEFINITELY looking forward to going back!
<review# 2157,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2008,6/21/2008,140,143,3,7,5>The BF and I are on a mission to try new restaurants in town instead of sticking to the old standards.  So, of course, I turned to our trusty Yelpers to find a new place for Brunch this morning.Intrigued by the name, and the fact that I must have seen the sign a million times and never realized that it was a restaurant, I arbitrarily decided that Gato Bizco would be our first endeavor.   The BF didn't even ask where were going until we were almost there.  Ah, adventurous Foodie spirit!We had to wait about 15 minutes, but it was fun standing outside staring down the line waiting at Flying Biscuit.  We were seated at the counter.  Bonus!  I was pretty set on ordering my standard biscuit, soysage, and side of potatoes, but while waiting to order, I saw two breakfast sandwiches come out for a couple of diners at the counter and knew that's what I had to have.  It's like an omelet with your choice of meat inside.  I had them add mushrooms and biscuit as my choice of bread.  What a wonderful decision!  The thing was the size of my head and so good I ate the whole thing.I really liked the feel of the place.  Very low key, wait staff was attentive but not in your face, fun catty decor, good coffee.  It was also like having breakfast theatre watching the cook serve up the plates.Trying new things turned out well.  I might just do it again.
<review# 2158,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2008,6/20/2008,34,31,5,5,5>Ah, Taqueria Del Sol. I don't really agree with a lot of the complaints here on yelp, simply because Taqueria is not supposed to be a normal dining experience. You are supposed to get in and get out. Though the line may seem daunting, it doesn't take as long as you would think. The staff does their best to keep everything moving along quickly, and sometimes hospitality is sacrificed in keeping the line moving. For the ones who don't know the rules, they are posted (very largely) before you order. You are not allowed to sit before you order, and you are to request seating for six or more people if you need. (Against the rules is moving tables, which I believe should be the rule everywhere. One reason is because you are changing the flow of the restaurant by moving tables. The staff may not be able to get around as well because of your furniture rearranging. *steps off soapbox*) If you aren't in the mood for waiting in line, you can order up to three items to go at the bar without that dreaded wait. I have used this service quite a few times when it is just me stopping in for a bite, as it ends up being faster. But if you do end up waiting, a margarita makes the time go by a little faster. After all of that, I am sure there are those of you that are wondering if I am ever going to talk about food in this restaurant review. The food at Taqueria is wonderful. Why else would there be lines and rules? Cheese dip or the salsas are great starters, though I usually just skip over that to have another taco, The fish tacos are craveable, as is the memphis (bbq pork with coleslaw). I almost always get the special, since I plan my trips around what the taco of the week is, thanks to the online menu. (My favorites are the cheeseburger taco and the philly taco, as well as the fish sandwich.) I will admit that I always order food to go, eating the tacos while I am there and ordering an enchilada to take home. (Chicken enchilada with either the pork green chili sauce or the lemon cream one...both are glorified cheese dips, and are great.) The enchiladas hold up well in the refrigerator, and just pop them in the oven for a few minutes and they are just as good as if you had just ordered them. I have perfected this system, having a few failed attempts at resurrecting a leftover taco.Summary time! Being able to read rules, and knowing there will probably be a line is key to enjoying Taqueria. Staff is not rude, just brisk, which aids in keeping your wait time down. Shut up, have a margarita, and enjoy your food, which is much better if you don't try to eat it with that taste of undeserved bitterness in your mouth.
<review# 2159,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/1/2008,6/19/2008,120,167,3,5,5>Lessee.  The bellinis were perfection.  I tried someone's mimosa but it was too acidic for me.  The bloody mary was good by normal standards, but my homemade version would consist of Spicy V8 and Grey Goose. Anyway, we went for brunch and bottomless mimosas.   The buffet was mediocre for the price.  The food was okay, but the selection could  be improved.   (They need to add french toast, waffles, yougurt, and granola in order to make me happy.)   But the service was okey doke.  The decor was chic, but not overdone.  There are two bathrooms, with just one loo each.  This may be a problem if they're crowded.This place could be cool in the evening.  I may have to report back.  Especially if I venture upstairs.  I predict this will be a beautiful people spot.  In that case, I'll try to be a regular.  That annoying one that says "I've been coming here since they opened."
<review# 2160,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/28/2008,6/16/2008,220,93,2,9,10>Solstice is an eclectically decorated, dimly lit cafe in Grant Park.  It's on Boulevard and its got Christmas lights all over--you can't miss it.I went for the first time the other night and was quite happy with it.  I, like many of these reviewers ordered the BLFGT.  It's the first sandwich on the menu.  Oh, and by the way, that menu is really exciting!  It was a toss up for me between the BLT and a patty melt with blue (or bleu, whatever) cheese, and the Special (a scallop/shrimp kabob with grilled asparagus and saffron rice).The BLFGT is on thick focaccia bread and has an apple infused goat cheese spread.  The combination of the sweet and tangy spread with the salty bacon and crispy fried tomatoes was DELICIOUS!  You've got to try it, you've just got to.My friend ordered the patty melt with the blue cheese.  It comes with caramelized onions and bacon on I think Rye bread (with the little fennel seeds).  If I can pull myself away from that BLT, I'll order this next time, it's fantastic.All sandwiches come with a choice of a Caesar salad, a Solstice salad (with raisins, spring greens, and a house dressing), or house fried potatoes.  My buddy's salad dressing was really spicy and our server didn't warn us--he's not so good with spice, so he was really disappointed.  And my house fried potatoes were a little cold, dry and chewy.  But those sandwiches were so good; I wasn't too upset about it.Also the service was a little off.  While the bartender was SUPER friendly when we walked in, our server didn't check back really to see if we needed anything and she didn't really know much--she was sweet though, maybe new.  Oh, and she said I couldn't have cranberry juice alone unless it was mixed with alcohol...I don't think that's quite right, but I didn't argue.I want to give 3 1/2 stars.  I'm going back again soon and I'll see if these folks can squeeze another star out of me, I'm tempted, I'm tempted...EDIT: After another visit I decided to stick with the 3 stars because of service.  Too bad, but the food will guarantee my return.
<review# 2161,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/28/2008,6/15/2008,527,87,17,9,10>In general, I really love this place.  Not because I've been eating here since the mid 90's or because I spent the summer of 1999 working here (and, yes, we did party like it was with a soundtrack courtesy of Cher and the Backstreet Boys) or even because I met my ex here (started good, ended bad), but because it's one of the few places in this city that remains a constant.  Boy oh boy (no pun intended), could I tell you stories about this place back when Midtown was Midtown. This was the place to be on a Friday or Saturday with your BGFFs before heading out to the three B's:  Blake's, Burkharts and Backstreet.  Ah, good times - good times, indeed (those I can remember, anyway).  And today, with familiar places being torn down on what seems like a friggin' daily basis and replaced by tacky hi-rise condos, it's nice to be able to go here, sit amongst decor that hasn't changed one iota from opening day and enjoy the Plain Jane burger with onion rings - both of which taste exactly as they did the first time I had them almost 12 years ago. Jeez, this is taking on the tone of "When I was your age, we had to walk 20 miles to the nearest restaurant - in the snow - without shoes - and we liked it!"  Sorry 'bout that.Point is, this is still a great place for a burger, a pitcher of beer and people watching. It's not the best food in town, but it certainly is comfort food, at least to me.  Joe is like an old friend in a town full of new people and I hope we're buddies for a long time. Now, excuse me while I go wipe the tear from my eye.BONUS QUESTION - Can anyone tell me the name of the restaurant that was there before it was JOJ?
<review# 2162,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2008,6/14/2008,194,166,5,6,7>I like other Yelpers, decided to try Matty Cakes after a recent ROTD on the place.  I stopped in on my way out of town to pick  up some cakes for my family. The place is like an oxymoron!  On the cool, calm and collected left side of the shop you find cupcakes and other goodies on display, peacefully waiting to be chosen and an attendant waiting to recommend their favorite.   The right side of the shop is full of commotion as you see half a dozen bakers covered in flour creating Matty Cake specialties.The cupcakes are so huge! I chose the Carrot Cake, Red Velvet and Chocolate Tiramisu. I only tried the first two and they were so moist and yummy!  I like how the cream cheese icing wasn't too rich as I hate really sweet desserts.  I imagine the Tiramisu cupcake was good too since my dad devoured it in a matter of minutes!  Prices are really good since one of these babies only costs $2.50 to $3.50.  Definitely recommend swinging by this cool shop if you're in the area!
<review# 2163,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2008,6/13/2008,367,374,11,10,11>When you enter the building, the decor is pretty minimum, with clear glass that has hand-written items in black - to categorize the type of cured meats hanging behind the glass itself.. so the approach to the decor is an awesome deli with meats hanging ..Ended up eating at the bar.. and the menu was pretty extensive for a small plates setup.. What is small plates you say? It's like Tapas..little bits of food each plate ranging from 6-14 bucks.What was ordered? Head/ Tail (I think this was pork) - the tail was yummy with some cartilage to give it some bite, it was coated in a crispy non-oily fried batter, when you bite into it, it goooos out some yumminess.. the ear cartilage was very soft, but honestly had real no taste to it. This all came with a BBQ sauce dip- which I really didn't care for.. since it masked the taste of the entire dish and you might as well be eating nuggets from McDonald's otherwise.Pork Belly - AHHH man it was damn good, a little dry, but I ain't complaining, since there was enough fat to go around..it was served w/ some awesome ass GRITS.. OK.. since I moved to ATL, Yes,  I do now appreciate some cheesy grits I cannot lie.Chicken Liver w/ an anjus to DIE FOR... it came w/ mini toast, and the liver was so delicious .. would definitely recommend this for sure if you go here.. it's a great combo of sweetness and richness..they give you lots of pate, so be sure to ask for more toast..Woods Mushroom- was served with palenta, which helped the dish cut its saltiness down a bit.. but the mushroom would be awesome if the chef was light on his hands w/ the salt.. the texture of the plate was great. I hope the next time I try it, it will be less salty.Overall.. the restaurant is definitely a very fun concept.. small plates to eat w/ friends..and as soon as they get their liquor license, I am sure it will be wall- wall packed.. the service was great and attentive.. to end the evening we had the fried donuts, and let me tell you, it was ok.. It can NOT Beat a Fresh KK... I mean call me what you want.. but fresh Krispy Kreme dressed up on a plate, can easily sell for 7.00.. and damn I would pay for it..
<review# 2164,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2008,6/12/2008,68,107,4,9,9>As you become a more frequent Yelper, you start to take note of things about your meal or the restaurant that you probably wouldn't have given much thought before. Details about the decor, names of specific menu items, descriptions of the flavors.So as I was eating dinner at Ecco last night I was trying to make mental notes to share with you, but everything was so overwhelmingly good I know I won't be able to describe it in the detail it deserves.I was thrilled when Ecco came to the neighborhood a year and a half ago. At the very least, it would put a legitimate business in a derelict building on a corner that was the domain of loiterers and the homeless. Evidently much more was in the cards as Ecco has become one of the top restaurants in the city. The space is a nice mixture of loft-y and cozy, clean yet charming, full but not cramped, hip yet warm. The service is top notch. The wine list is excellent (how I wish i could remember the names of some of the wines I've had). The food delicious.I made a reservation for my girlfriend, my mom & dad and myself for a pre-theater meal last night. I made the reservation on OpenTable.com and noted that we were going to the theater and would need to be wrapped up by 7:30. After being seated our waiter, Brent, stopped by the table and acknowledged our timeline and proceeded to handle our table in a friendly, yet efficient manner. He walked us through the menu with expertise and made a few excellent suggestions.We started with a meat and cheese plate consisting of Prosciutto di Parma, a Gouda and a Castelinhos. The prosciutto was tasty and lean, but the cheeses were the star. The gouda was firm with a bit of a crunch to it and a nice smooth, yet rich flavor. The Castelinhos was a surprise hit - a creamy cheese that's taste grew as you ate it into a full flavor.For my entree, I ordered 2 of the shared plates (not intending to share very much!) the fried goat cheese balls and the beef and pork meatballs. As described by our waiter, the meatballs were a nice mixture of beef and pork in a saffron and almond sauce that finished with a warm and lingering spice. The fried goat cheese balls were decadent. The whipped cream-like goat cheese filling was rich and pungent in a lightly fried coating topped with sweet honey and some crushed black pepper. I can't adequately describe the flavor, but if you like goat cheese, these are a must try. Both of my dishes were so full of flavor, that I think they are better as shared plates to be able to diversify during the meal. My father had the lamb burger, which he loved, while my mother and girlfriend shared the Arancini (risotto balls), asparagus and a pizza. Every item was great. Our server promptly brought our bill to get us off to the show on time.Ecco is truly one of the best establishments in Atlanta - the food, the service and the ambiance are all excellent and if you just want some apps and a glass of wine, the bar also has a great atmosphere. I have no hesitation of giving Ecco 5 stars.
<review# 2165,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2008,6/10/2008,13,33,3,4,4>With the weather warming up my thoughts automatically go to Brewhouse!  Once of the best patio experiences in Atlanta.  The people watching in L5P on warm weekend days is amazing!There seems to be a good selection of drinks, although I aways opt for a bucket of High Life.  The food is also pretty good.  I can certainly endorse the chicken fingers and tots.  The only downside is that the servers get way backed up on crowded days and sometimes traffic can be loud.
<review# 2166,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/8/2008,6/9/2008,245,510,7,8,6>I've had better, I've had worse.  This is yet another place that has part of the equation right but needs to figure out the rest.  The part Corner Pizza gets right is the crust.  It is thin, it is crispy, it is good.  Good foldability factor.  The problem is there is barely any sauce on this pizza, which dries out everything when they cook it.   I prefer my pizza 'well done', but the cheese was too brown, the sauce was cooked away which in turn dries out the crust.I also agree with Gastro...what are they brushing on the crust?  I thought it was butter but I guess it is olive oil.  What's next?  Are they going to pull out an Easy Bake Oven???I'd put this in the same category as Fellini's or Johnny's but with better crust.  I wouldn't go out of my way to eat there, but as David Silver would say "if I was in the area, I might go back".This gets my plain ole cheese in Atlanta rating, from the NY Pizza Guy.
<review# 2167,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2008,6/7/2008,16,28,4,6,6>I like it. It feels right. (this is going to be a long one so I thought I would preface it).Living in Old Fourth Ward and being a food snob, I've been keeping my eye on Parish's progress. Situated in one of the old buildings of the metal yard that used to be located here (seems like so long ago) and originally associated with the rail line that helped our Dirty Dirty become the burgeoning city it is, Parish has reinvented this space into something that does have a good bit of the Crescent City feel.Although it is officially set to open on April 30, 2008 (tomorrow), I apparently invited myself to one of the training dinners. I walked in Sunday around noon and they told me they would be opening on Wednesday and were just having a soft launch that Sunday. I said that was fine and that I would take a 5:30PM reservation. I found out later Sunday was really an invite only type day, but they put me down anyway! That's some good people right there.The space is long, a bit narrow and has huge ceilings with exposed brick.  There is a bar down one side, wrought iron, and windows all the way around. My crew showed up at 5:30, but had to wait for a few minutes while they were still covering training info. Then it began - reviewing and deciding on which of the tantalizing morsels to indulge in. We ordered about half of the things on the menu and I am going to try to remember all of them here, although I might  get the official names wrong.....Complimentary bread - who would have thought I would remember the bread? Buttery, warm and served in a paper bag. Delicious!Gumbo - nice dark roux with the expected compliment of goodies. It also has tomatoes in it which is awesome for me, but some people seem to think is weird. Whatev - it was good.Strawberry Salad - I'm not a big salad person - strawberries, lettuce etc. it was good, but I dug the creamy Gorgonzola bits, although my companions don't vibe with stinky cheeseSeafood Sampler - I don't even know what all of this was - a little crawfish yumminess, a seafood empanada (don't call it a calzone or they will look at you weird), an oyster on the 1/2 shell, and some little scallops I believe. Good spice.Seafood Cheesecake (I think it is actually "crawfish cheesecake") - This is more like a quiche with seafood, smoked Gruyere, and a diced pecan crust. I thought this was pretty good, but it was not a great fit for my palate. I think some people will think this is amazing.Shrimp Burger - like a veggie or turkey burger, just with shrimp. I believe this was served on a sweet potato bun similar to how Concentric does it at Stats. I liked this because the pieces of shrimp weren't ground down to nothingness, there were nice big shrimp chunks in the patty for flavor pockets! be careful, though, they sit the bun on the dressing, so if you try to pick it up, you get messy fingers. This is a knife and fork kinda thing.Catfish - mmmmm, mmmm good. Nice light batter and a generous portion. Red Fish - Nice, light (grilled or broiled  I think) ... on the days I feel like being healthy, but still want some delicious "real" food, this might be my dish.Peach Bread Pudding - Actually, I don't remember exactly what this was called, but it was decadent - and I'm not even a dessert person. Warm all the way through, topped with homemade whipped cream, drizzled with some magic sauce.... uh huh!OK, so I'm a big fan so far and technically they weren't even open. They are friendly, good people, with a kick ass space, and delicious food. I think it is definitely worth checking out.Also, their downstairs is open for sandwiches, coffees, and limited market products (like flowers and oatmeal cookies) from I believe 7AM- 4PM.  Plus they serve breakfast, which I look forward to trying tomorrow morning. I also am looking forward to the Po Boy or Muffaletto I will be having for lunch tomorrow.
<review# 2168,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2008,6/6/2008,89,621,2,5,7>Wow, this might be my new favorite breakfast spot!We went to Rise-N-Dine on Mothers Day. The place was hopping, but we got a table right away. It is very shabby chic and I am not sure what I would classify the food as but it was delicious! I had the Portuguese Omelet and it was like nothing I had ever had before. Oozing cheese, onions, polish sausage and potato pierogies, it was incredible and very interesting! I got my choice of sides, so I went with the potatoes and a biscuit. The potaoes were cooked perfectly and had great flavor. Biscuit was just OK..  My companion had the breakfast tacos and really enjoy them too. Service was fast and friendly and we really got the feeling that the staff knew most people in the place. I can't wait till next Sunday!
<review# 2169,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2008,6/5/2008,166,205,5,9,8>The artistic side of me was drawn to this place on a day that I spent the better part of the afternoon looking for a bag (of sorts) to transport some equipment.  I DJ on the side and recently purchased a mixer that has become my new 'best friend.'  Like most DJ equipment, it is fairly sensitive and does not travel well.  so, long story short, I found something better than a duffel bag and less than luggage at Binders.  This place is well concealed despite being in the 'disco' Kroger shopping center.  Follow the sign in the corner of the shopping center next to 'Cost Plus:  World Market.'The store has darn near everything an artist could want/need.  The service was great!  If you're an artist you probably already know about this place; if you don't......go here!
<review# 2170,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2007,6/4/2008,33,32,4,9,8>When Home Depot co-founder Bernie Marcus announced he wanted to spend a portion of his millions building an Aquarium for Atlanta, something that would draw tourists from miles around, and a place for Atlantans to visit too, one of the largest Aquaria in the world, because some people just like things BIGGER and BETTER, I guess, I admit I was on the naysayer's bandwagon.  Too much money, could be better spent on better things, and it didn't seem Atlanta needed an Aquarium, nor really wanted one.Well, turns out Atlanta didn't need it, but it's a great place to visit, and I, not so sheepishly, admit that I'm a member, I have my little annual pass card, two years in a row now, and I've been for maybe ten or more visits - I have mixed feelings about animals held in captivity, but feel that once they're there, they "enjoy" visitors.  I got on the Annual Pass bandwagon as soon as I jumped off the naysayer's bandwagon, and instantly compared the Georgia Aquarium to the Monterey Bay Aquarium, which I first visited only two years after its opening, in 1986, and again later in 1990.  Monterey has the added perk of being right ON THE OCEAN, so they can even add ocean water to their exhibits.  Landlocked Atlanta has no such luck.Thus making what Atlanta DOES have pretty special.  Leave your comparisons at the door.  Yes, there is a large atrium inside, just after you enter past those crazy silvery fish (are they tuna or what?) swimming like their lives depend on it on both walls surrounding your entry.  But it's a nice atrium, as atria go.  And beyond it, before you even get to the Galleries, is the Cafe Aquaria, where the food was all developed by Wolfgang Puck!  This means it's good, trust me on this, and this means it's super expensive, but if you don't mind spending $5.95 for a Veggie Burger, and $2.95 for a side of French Fries, and another $3.95 for a yummy Seasonal Tart, and $2.25 for a Minute Maid Juice, well then... you'd be ME!  There are fancy deli sandwiches and salads, grill items (of the actual "meat" variety), other desserts, even Ben & Jerry's ice cream.  But this is more than a restaurant, this is an Aquarium!  After I take my tray with my goodies on it out into the atrium seating area (skip the Cafe tables, too crowded!), and eat while I watch the people of all different nationalities, shapes, sizes, and modes of transport, i.e. strollers, wheelchairs, and harnesses holding the toddlers to parents, I check out the viewing galleries.You can pick and choose, of course.  If you prefer colorful little tropical fish in relatively small tanks, aside from the re-created coral reef (outstanding, truly), there's the Tropical Diver gallery.  Or if you want to see the kinds of critters you might find in the Amazon, there's the River Scout gallery (I love the Asian Small-Clawed Otters!).  If cold water creatures are your favorite, there are still a few Beluga Whales (RIP, Gasper, you are missed), and penguins, of course, sea lions, and some rescued California sea otters in the Cold Water Quest gallery.  New Age-y music abounds in front of these exhibits, which you can hear if you arrive at a quiet time.  Be sure to check out the Leafy Sea Dragons in the Cold Water Quest gallery - they are amazing, and "No Flash Photography" means no flash photography, people.The Georgia Explorer gallery has some interactive stuff for the kids, or kids at heart, i.e. touch pools where you can feel what a live shrimp feels like (they're not just for dinner anymore!), or a big horseshoe crab, and of course the cow-nosed rays and baby sharks.  There is also a big sea turtle, but no touching.My favorite gallery is the Ocean Voyager, the big tank which recently played a part in the deaths of the largest fish on Earth, two wonderful whale sharks named Ralph and Norton (after "The Honeymooners").  These are the statistics: It contains more than six million gallons of saltwater, with 4,574 square feet of viewing windows, a 100-foot-long underwater tunnel, 185 tons of acrylic windows and the second largest viewing window in the world at 23 feet tall by 61 feet wide and 2 feet thick.  In other words, it's mighty impressive.  And there is gallery-style seating where you can plant yourself for hours, if you like.  Personally, I'd like to set up a couch with a mini-fridge, microwave, the bare essentials, and live in this viewing room.If you're not inclined to buy the annual member's pass for some sixty dollars and change, the one day admission is $24/adult, $20/age 55 and up, and $18/children 3-12.  I love the Aquarium, despite the recent animal failings, and I think the cost of admission (and food) is highly worth it.  This has now become one of my Best of Atlanta destinations.
<review# 2171,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2008,6/3/2008,227,316,18,17,17>After nearly biting a girl because I was so hungry, I headed  to Cafe 458.  This was the original destination for a Saturday morning breakfast.  It did not disappoint!  I had the Cafe Special, which was 2 eggs, meat, toast or a biscuit, and potatoes.  Yummy!The thing that is so great about this place is that on Saturday's all of the proceeds go to the Samaritan House, even the tips!  So, not only do you get to eat a great breakfast, you're doing something good!The interior decor reminds me of an old southern home.  And the chairs are so large and comfy!  The waiters and waitresses are all volunteers so, be patient with them.  The waitress I had was wonderful!
<review# 2172,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2008,6/2/2008,722,577,1,8,5>Note:  This is a preliminary review.Last night, I went to a new restaurant that has yet to actually open.  Right next to Melody Karaoke, a new little sushi bar has opened, managed by a Sapporo-trained man who decided to leave stable employment to return to his roots as a Sushi chef.Armed with a high quality Yanagiba, you can see him slicing into fish with single, deft strokes.  He handles Uni, rice, and wasabi in purely traditional fashions, cupping his fingers just so, as he prepares nigiri or sashimi.  There's clearly a lot of love in those fingers.  It shows in his food.Decor is a modernized Japanese sushi bar.  Light wood tones are the primary element, with interesting pillars that gird the entrance.  There are smaller lamps and bamboo plants present along the bar, and the restaurant is moderately brightly lit.  The music was electronic-loungey; when we entered, Koda Kumi was playing (a top act from Avex Trax).  There were a couple indian pieces that were played, so definitely eclectic.   The lighting encourages you to pay attention to your meal, as opposed to gazing languidly at your dinner date.  At least, it reminds me to see and enjoy the colours of the food.The first time you go to a Japanese owned, Japanese restaurant, I highly encourage you to go Omakase.  This place is no different.  In fact, at this point, I think Chef Haya would much prefer it, so that you can really try a full range of what he has to offer.We started with some marinated octopus and fish.  Seared redback (two different portions of the fish!)  Sashimi of maguro, saba, an abalone family mollusk, Salmon, and a couple fish I didn't recognize, a salmon roe covered donburi, tsukimono, edamame and finished with some very good green tea ice cream.We also paired everything with a couple types of sake that I hadn't had before: Suigen is the only one I remember...The menu is yet to be printed, and I'll have to update this once I get back to look at what the full array will be.The Sake available here is very much japanese ginjyo and daiginyo.  A good amount of Soju, and Santori whiskey is also available.  It's a different mix of sake than is available from MF Sushi... and I prefer this selection's personal touch by far.Since the sale of Sushi Huku, there are really few venues that do Sushi in a really traditional way.  This venue really tries to fill that niche with verve.  When I get to go again, I'll let you know more... Chef Haya will be opening the restaurant March 19th, 2008.Unfortunately, I'll be departing Atlanta in July.  Why didn't this place open earlier?
<review# 2173,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2008,5/30/2008,688,73,13,13,21>A SWEET, BLOOD RED SPLATTER DOT the size of a pinhead gave it all away. Standing there, I tried my hardest to beat back the smile creeping across my face. I didn't stay home - I couldn't, not tonight - nothing drives me away from my laptop like an essay paper due the next morning.When the jamaican waitress with a sugary sweet accent asked for my order on this particular sunday evening, 'the sampler plate' spilled from my mouth with giddy excitement. Daddy D'z BBQ joint located south of the MARTA tracks and just off the King/Memorial station is clearly not in the middle of a suburban planned community. A soccer mom and her son sit happily in the corner, pacing themselves through the meal and laughing in between bits of meat and spoonfuls of their top shelf sweet potato sides, clearly they know a good thing when they find it. No longer a secret, and to the point of being cliche, the food at Daddy D'z is good - sickeningly great in fact.Barbecue shacks in the deep south are as abundant as Filiberto shacks in the south west. Heavy debates over which is better, over which is the best, over which sauce lathered on the most tender meat will cause you to curse the day you decided to become vegetarian and regret all the lost time that could have been spent devouring red covered animal parts. A grinning smile I once fought back, stretches across my face right now just thinking about the beef, the pork, and the sides.The building creeks under the weight of the big Daddy D'z sign when you walk through the gravel parking lot towards the door barely hanging on its hinges. After your food arrives, you sit there with one plate full of meat and another plate completely empty, waiting for the bones beneath the hunks of smokey flesh to be uncovered and discarded.Thinking back, some of my absolute best meals have been eaten from styrofoam plates, using plastic silverware - Daddy D'z is no different. Recently, on the rare night when my vegetarian girlfriend is out and I'm left to my own devices, I've been heading directly for the next barbecue spot, the next great place that everyone raves about, the spot that everyone says you must try - and then I remember how reviews tend to mathematically compare each spot as if it's an equation - a poor comparison of souls. While sitting there at my dingy, uneven table, surrounded by walls that have obviously soaked in their share of pork and beef fat molecules, I have no idea how anything anywhere else could possibly be better than this. Daddy D'z is everything it wants to be and on that tired Sunday night the only diners in the restaurant were people seemingly not there for anything other than what they know - that this place delivers the goods and it doesn't matter who you are. Whether you're the hipster twenty-something woman with thick rimmed glasses in the corner, the father and his two sons trying to watch the football game on the big screen, or me - some guy desperately trying to avoid writing his paper that's due the next morning.So when my girlfriend came home later that evening and asked me how the paper was coming along, before I could utter any sort of simple lie, she noticed the blood red splatter dot on my shirt and immediately knew how I had spent my evening. Daddy D'z is my new favorite barbecue joint and it was absolutely worth it.
<review# 2174,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2008,5/29/2008,343,405,16,7,8>***To Tina Turners "Proud Mary"Listen to the Story...Today I worked in the city.Marketing and sales every single day.Then I realized that I was so hungryI was craving for Southern Bar-B-QueBig pork keep on turningBeef brisket keep on burningAnd we're rolling, rollingRolling Bones on EdgewoodGot a side of fries with sandwichPeach cobbler and sweet tea complete the mealWow, I never felt so full and yet so giddyI'll come back again to get my crave filled!Chicken keep on turning.Collards keep on cookin'And we're rolling, rollingRolling Bones on Edgewood(the grand finale and time to scale)Rooooolllliiinnnnnnn on Edddddggggge........wooooooood!!!!Yeah![oh yeah!!!  kiss that American Idol for not putting me on this season!  woo!!!]
<review# 2175,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2008,5/28/2008,4,16,7,9,8>You have to support your local pub.  Here are a few reasons why you should support this one:1! They have a line of bar stools not located next to the bar with outlets for every chair.  Way to "work" and have a beer.2!  The bartenders have these Alaska-esque beards.  3! Servers were very friendly.4! They have a mini arcade.5! For dinner, the prices were VERY affordable.  (Amendment: prices were very affordable when they opened. Now, prices are just standard pub prices.)Anyway, you should check it out.  It's worth a meal!
<review# 2176,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2008,5/27/2008,193,304,,6,4>Fritti is a pizzeria that manages to feel both casual and upscale.  I love the pizzas here, but thought the appetizers are just okay (ironically).  They have mastered the art of "good ingredients, simple combinations", a philosophy that serves Italian restaurants well.  Every pie uses just 3 to 4 different toppings in very moderate amount.  The flavors are intense, yet you don't feel overwhelmed.  Cotto e Funghi is my personal favorite.     They have a very hot oven.  With pies so thin they are able to create some really nice crusts.  I am not sure what's their recipe for the dough but it get very delicious 90% of the time and then sometimes it turns a bit too dry and grainy.  I also wasn't too crazy about pizzas with nothing but bits of shellfish on it.  In any case most pizzas are simple and good.  The patio is large and atmosphere charming.  Definitely is one of the better pizzerias around.
<review# 2177,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2008,5/26/2008,76,179,3,7,4>One step inside and you think you're in Vegas. It's glitzy and glamorous, and exquisitely designed.   At first I felt underdressed. Older women in fur coats, businessmen in tailored suits,  sexy blondes in tall knee boots.. but then a few more groups came in wearing jeans and T's and I felt more at home.  Maybe they were rock stars?? Who knows, but the John Dory fish was melt-in-your-mouth delicious. It was about $26 for a small, but beautifully decorated portion.  Expect to pay about $15 for a glass of wine or a cocktail.  The crab cakes were excellent, but be prepared for small portions again.  I  didn't care for my friend's seafood soup, so I get the feeling not everything on the menu is worth the price. I do, however, like that they give you the option of having them de-shell all the seafood so you don't have to make a mess.  I didn't like the way there are several people tending to you.. we counted at least 5. The hostess who sat us, the wine/water pourer, the busboy, the waitress who actually took our order, and the guys who brought out our food.  I'm surprised there wasn't a guy to scrape away our crumbs off the linen tablecloth.  I can't keep track of everyone! How many employees are in this place anyway?  Don't forget to make a reservation, we were seated right away on what seemed to be a busy night.
<review# 2178,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2008,5/25/2008,290,172,3,7,7>Looking for a spot that's cozy enough for you and your group yet has the atmosphere to add a little spice to your night??? Well VIA certainly is a place for you to check out then!!!   I went to VIA this year for my birthday and had a fabulous time!!I was a bit worried at first trying out a new spot that I've never been to, and nobody I know had been too, but it was well worth the surprise. We got there, and being that I had a pretty large party with me, we were seated on the top floor looking over the bar area. It was perfect, as we were not bothered by anyone and had all the room to mingle, take pictures, etc etc. The waitress was super nice, considering how large a group we had she seperated all the checks for us and everything. We also were given a special "shot" for the entire group courtesy of the manager. Can't have a good time without good food. The food here was so good. I ordered the sun dried tomato flat bread pizza and it was DELICIOUS!!! The drinks were good as well, everything from the Mai Tai to the long island ice teas!!!My friends were thoroughly impressed by the service, the atmosphere and the food, this will definitely be a place I go back to no matter the occasion!!!
<review# 2179,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2008,5/24/2008,113,103,,8,5>After reading other recommendations on Veggieland on Yelp I had to try it. I liked it. It was a quaint little place and the owner who's name is Happy was very nice and..happy. I ordered the special which was veggies sauteed in black bean sauce. It was light and fresh. I was delighted that the veggies seem braised ...cooked lightly so they still maintain the nutrients and crunchiness. And it wasn't oily at all like all the Asian dishes I've eaten made with black bean sauce.I was very happy to find the desserts were vegan and that they had a couple created without sugar. I had the chocolate almond joy cake which was sweeted by applesauce. Light, dense and moist and yummy!I also ordered the sweet potato fries. Getting the sense that I was some kind of health nut (dunno where they got that from =) ) they gave me the option ordering it steamed. I came out of there feeling great, full yet light, and best of all I had plenty of money left to go to the bars.   Great place to have a healthy, inexpensive, non-pretentious meal.
<review# 2180,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2008,5/22/2008,23,15,8,9,9>Let me start by saying this is the best hangover cure in the southeast. Let me further say regardless of  where you find yourself hungover, R Thomas' Deluxe Grill is worth the drive.If you can make it past the college dive entrance and eclectic glow-in-the-dark painted walls light by black lights, you will discover the most amazing ALL ORGANIC, vegetarian hotness that the dirty, dirty ATL has to offer. My ailing friends and I were brought from a near death catatonic, headache and shown the epic magnitude of R Thomas' version of a peanut butter and jelly milk shake... Let me just say, mere words cannot express the life altering experience of enjoying an all organic, peanut butter made from ground peanuts and chopped up strawberry's with organic soy milk, fresh made R Thomas shake. I know, I know your like, dude, it's just a shake and you did not even attend last night's Yelp Marlow's event, but trust me, R Thomas is not capable of making something even close to resembling a sub-par vegetarian dining experience. Check it, I am not even a card carrying vegetarian. It is simply the best place in town for a fun, funky meal any time of day or night. Food is excellent, service is solid, and you can't beat the atmosphere. Try the real yerba mate - it's worth the visit for that alone!
<review# 2181,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2008,5/21/2008,72,176,9,7,8>Get in my belly!  Yeah, I was short of licking my plate clean after wolfing down my Chicken Enchililadas!  The rice they served along with it was delish!The margarita's are thirst quenching, but somewhat on the weak side.  I prefer to have that "omg, how am I going to drive home after drinking this" feeling after one sip of a margarita.Oh yeah, if you go on a Friday night, make sure to call ahead to make a reservation.  This place gets mad busy!
<review# 2182,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2008,5/20/2008,225,256,6,9,11>I'm a music snob. I am a passionate indie music lover who can't stand to listen to pre-fabricated, mellow music. "Uh, uh, uh, take me to your room, kiss me in the dark, love me like no one, you're the only one (after a dozen before)..." Ugh. Ugh. Ugh. TOXIC. All those "singers" sound exactly the same, but are different people in real life. That's why I run away from commercial radio stations like Ivan S. would from a TV playing an endless loop of Rachel Ray's "30 Minutes Meals" show (hehehehe). Give me some Broken Social Scene, Deerhunter, The Most Serene Republic, Apostle of Hustle or Le Loup and I will be happy!"Le what?" But to be fair, anytime I have to turn on the radio, I do go straight to Dave FM. They still incur in imperfections such as the one called Maroon 5, but overall, their music is pretty eclectic and cool. Their best feature is that they have a soft spot for my childhood decade, those mighty, mighty eighties. I get super excited whenever I can sing-a-long some Talking Heads, The Clash or the good songs of Genesis.  Besides, this radio station manages to have some highlights that shine nicely:1. Acoustic Sunrise:  great, unexpected show, even though you have to get up early to listen to it!2. Mara Davis:  she makes my day...whenever I'm cranky or sad, I listen to her. She has such good energy!3. DJ Margo: she's the quintessential cool chick. I love her.It would be a perfect world if they play more Velvet Underground...or more David Bowie than The Police (I like The Police, but they're a little obsessed). Not certainly Devendra Banhart...whenever that happen, I will work for them for free.
<review# 2183,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2008,5/19/2008,36,58,3,8,5>OMG!!!!!! My cousin and I are on two special diets: hers - weight loss, mine - heartburn-free, and I had no clue what restaurant to go to that would satisfy our diets while placating our palates.The Answer: SEASONS 52.When she told me NOTHING was fried and every item on the menu is under 475 calories, I was in.We started off with the Rosemary & Parmesan Crispbread...Excellent! I had the Chicken Fusilloni pasta - a beautiful dish with spring vegetables (mushrooms, carrots, peas (in a pod!), asparagus, tomatoes, red peppers) in a light lemon-basil sauce.Delicious is an understatement.My cousin had the Carmelized Sea Scallops with roasted asparagus and pearl pasta (cute little cous-cous looking pasta).The way the scallops just melt in your mouth...heavenly!Although we told the waiter we didn't want dessert, he brought out this gorgeous platter of about ten different desserts (aptly titled 'mini-indulgences) and described each of them to us anyway. We just couldn't say no. We both got the strawberry shortcake and it was the perfect treat to top off a great meal. (Which, with an appetizer, two entrees AND two desserts was only $43!)What I like best about Seasons 52 is that you can literally taste the freshness of the dishes and desserts. I didn't feel like I was eating some processed, overcooked veggie meal or high fructose corn syrup-laden strawberry dessert disguised as healthy eating but was really going to cause an internal mess. Also, they give you just enough food -- you can't overeat here, which is a good thing. No waddling out of the restaurant feeling like a queasy fool...just light, healthy, happy eating :-)
<review# 2184,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2008,5/17/2008,20,14,13,7,9>Persepolis is a Persian restaraunt  where they do live reenactments of "300" with a Xerses impersonator and the bartender was shouting "madness, this is Georgiaaaaah!" and kicked a guy off his stool.......  Ok, maybe not, but that would have be awesome : )  But they did have some tasty food, I had lamb kabobs and a bit of this vegetable kabob that had pineapple that had a meaty taste to it, it was good.  Wish I could help yall out with the name of the dish but I dont remember the name.  But the food is good and they bring out flat bread (naam i think its called) fresh from the oven to you as well.   The only bad part was that I had to wait a day and a half before the food ever got there, im not stressing it to much b/c they did have an almost full house.  And plus they had belly dancers dancing in the meantime.   And I give those girls props on there belly dancing skills  b/c i can barley hula hoop : )  They also had a good wine selection there as well, but I give it a 3.5 just b/c it took so long, Idunno maybe they had to go out back and catch the lamb, maybe thats what took so long.  Oh yeah and I hope you like rice b/c your gonna get a lot of it.
<review# 2185,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2008,5/16/2008,177,122,6,7,7>Shake your boootay, shake shake shake your booooo ooo oooo tay!!! That's what we do whenever we've come here. Tuesday nights are the BEST!!! D.J Romeo Cologne knows how to spin those oldies and when I say oldies I mean Jackson Five and so forth..."I can feel it, I can feel it" It doesn't matter who you are, young, old, prep or punk...you will be here and you will be dancing.The music is great, the crowd smells of variety and fun, and the drinks are cheap. No seriously, they have a drink called "The Cheap Shit". lol $2 draft. :oD $7 cover on Tuesdays and if you check out their website they have live bands listed on other nights as well. I love this place! I'm never disappointed and I can always count on them if I skipped a run that day because you'll get plenty of excercise movin' your legs, shaking your hips, and poppin your a**.... I mean bootay. lol
<review# 2186,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2008,5/15/2008,41,17,1,12,8>The first time I went here, I almost swore to never go back.  They had just opened, the service was terrible, I never got my food, and they screwed up the bill. The place was pretty, but that was about it.Fast forward to one especially gorgeous spring day, and that lush patio was just too tempting. My husband and I met there for lunch, prepared to enjoy the sunshine and a few beers, but were wary of the food.Well. What a difference a month can make!!!We've started going at least once a week now to this wonderful little casual restaurant. The outside patio is the perfect place to sit back and enjoy a cold beer with what is hands-down the best guacamole in the city. The chips are homeade, so are different from what you might expect, but they are tasty and a good complement to the guac. The tacos are fresh and delicious, (according to my husband who loves the carne asada) but I'd advise ordering them on flour tortillas as the corn ones just disintigrate. My personal favorite item, and the thing that keeps me coming back, is the shrimp coctail. I have never had one served like this, in a big glass with tomatoes, cucumber and sliced avocado, in a thin, spicy sauce. This is NOT traditional shrimp coctail, in fact if you served it with a shot of vodka, it would be the best bloody mary you ever tasted. (weird, I know, but trust me) There are 6 collossal shrimp in the glass, making it a decent deal at 6$. I get this and an order of the cornmeal cakes (which are basically silver-dollar sized grits/polenta pancakes, mmmmm) and this is more than enough food for me, after a guac starter.The prices are reasonable, but keep in mind that everything is a la carte, so you get what you order, and nothing more. Service has gotten MUCH better, and the staff is very friendly. I've heard they still sometimes get slammed at dinner, but if you go early you should be fine.
<review# 2187,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2008,5/14/2008,787,655,10,13,12>Fresh Corn tortillas made to order... salsa verde with just the right kick of spice....flan.. Tongue!? Yes this place is authentico! I've frequented this business twice in one week!  I had the chicken tacos in soft warm corn tortillas topped with cilantro and onion on one visit.. and on the next sour cream, lettuce, and cheese. They are on the tiny side I ordered 3 and that filled me up pretty good. They have a small patio out front.. not sure if there is a small dinning area inside or not ( I usually go through the drive-thru) The area..well... leaves a bit to be desired.. but remember folks.. it's all about the food!..lol.. and why is it that the best food is usually in the sketchy areas? who knows! But I'm hooked!
<review# 2188,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2008,5/13/2008,63,46,1,12,8>So I went there on a Tuesday night as part of a Atlanta Blogger Meetup  and had a pretty good time.  Finding the place was a little hard cause Google Maps at the time said it was on W. Peachtree St. when it actually was on the corner of Cypress St. and 6th.  I guess the name of the restaurant really should have tipped me off.  Now Cypress Street Pint & Plate has outdoor seating but it wasn't being utilized due to the colder weather.  When it comes to restaurants that have seating outdoors I do always prefer to sit outside.  Especially when the weather is nice.  So I get there and find the group of bloggers at set of tables.  The staff was great about accommodating a large group like us that never gives the establishment a heads up we are coming.    This is purely unintentional.  I settle in start thumbing through the somewhat standard Gastropub fare.  My eyes always go to the adult beverage list first and a few things did stand out as being pretty novel.  House wine was divided into "Good", "Better" and "Best" categories in which you could order a single glass or bottle.  My wife opted for the "Better" glass option which was served in wine tumbler.  Very cool since we have these at home already.  Now they served both draft and bottled beer except for one option.  You could get a can of Pabst Blue Ribbon which was also served in a paper bag for that extra bit of flare.  Several in the group chose this option.  I myself had their Cypress Street Ale.  Being a homebrewer I always like to try a bar's own concoction.  It was very similar to an Extra Pale Ale I have done before.  To the Sweatwater fans out there it was somewhere between a 420 and an I.P.A. from their line of brews.   For the meal my eyes were draw toward the Andouille and Chicken Sandwich with the side of fries.  The fries were pretty good I must say since I tend to favor larger cut fries.  The sandwich left much to be desired.  The veggies on the sandwich were fresh and the spicy mayo wasn't bad either.  I think the sandwich could have benefited from maybe Chorizo sausage instead of Andouille to kick up the heat level.  Last thing.  The service was absolutely terrific.  Not only did our server spring into action to get our group another table and chairs when more people arrived, but he was able to split up/combine/correct all of our tabs at the table.  The place does get a little loud at times due to the bare walls which just reflected all the sound.  I still would definitely go again and bring a few friends.
<review# 2189,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2007,5/12/2008,311,245,6,5,5>I did not expect this place to live up to the hype that I had heard from my friends in the area.  I was wrong.  J. Christopher's had some of the best breakfast and brunch food that I have ever had the pleasure of tasting.  I used to think IHOP was one of the better places to eat breakfast, but J. Christopher's took that title away the moment I sank my teeth into their food.  IHOP is not even in the same league as these guys.What is great about this place is the sheer variety of breakfast, brunch and lunch items that they offer on their menu.  It took me nearly 15 minutes to come to a decision about what I wanted to order, and even when I told the waiter what I wanted deep inside I knew I still was not sure if I made the right choice.  They have typical breakfast food like pancake, eggs, bacon, etc.  But they also have a variety of different crepes on the menu.  I actually ordered the Berry Crepe, which was basically a crepe filled with blue berries and strawberries topped off with whip cream.  The portion was so large that I was nearly full before I even started eating the second crepe; however, I persisted eating because of the sheer joy and ecstasy  the berry crepe delivered to my taste buds.My only complaint about this place would be the particular waiter that I had.  He did not really seem like he wanted to be there that day.  He also brought me a lemonade when I ordered a coffee.  Those two drink items have no similarities.  They don't even sound the same.  Le-mon-ade.  Cof-fee.  Okay I will cut him a break, I remember how crappy it was waiting tables.
<review# 2190,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2008,5/11/2008,167,215,3,4,5>Christina is the owner of this place, which used to be named Jewel Couture and was on Clairemont and Ponce.  I love, LOVE this place!  Her jewelry is so beautiful and so reasonably priced.  Also, she will do custom jewelry, including bridal jewelry and bridesmaids gifts.  In this new location (next to Starbucks in the Square) she has lots of nice soaps, candles, cute cards and books, and purses.  Only thing to note is that all of her pieces are done in silver tones.
<review# 2191,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2008,5/10/2008,122,91,5,8,3>Ohhhh, it hurt. But ohhhh it was worth it. I went there to get my eyebrows threaded and an underarm wax (I guess I was looking for pain, huh?) at I Too and found the whole experience to be what I was looking for. I saw Duli and she was sweet and funny and very professional. I would have been in and out if I hadn't stopped to have a chat with owner Quincy, who hipped me to the Atlanta scene and even suggested some contacts for me. I loved the pricing, and the availability of coupons on their website. My eyebrows are on point and I stepped out that night feeling polished to a T!
<review# 2192,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2008,5/9/2008,98,101,5,4,5>Mary's is always a great time.  The bartenders are friendly, the crowd is affable, and the ambiance is retro-cool.  A mix of gay guys and East Atlanta hipsters, Mary's is one of the few bars in Atlanta where I consistently have fun.  Karaoke nights can get crowded and loud, but if you don't mind drunk people who think they're Billy Joel or Donna Summer (and I am guilty of the latter), you can sing along to your heart's content and enjoy yourself.  Not unlike a gay Cheers, Mary's is the place where everybody knows your name.
<review# 2193,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2008,5/8/2008,64,91,4,5,5>Looking at Fados from outside......I was disappointed and almost heartbroken because I LOVED the old Fados....it was so authentic and well....Irish!  I walked into Fados and it was very busy...from the decor to the happy hour crowd.   It is nice inside, bigger, more space for bartenders to make drinks, and practical in every other sense; however, I miss my old Fados!!!  The cobblestone floors, wood furniture, dark smokey bar feel......I just could not shake off this feeling. So I did what anyone else in my position would do....I started to drink.....my friend found a cozy spot in the  back. (According to this older gentelmen who was on his way to the restroom stopped over at our cozy spot and told us that the place where we were sitting is called "snookh" in Irish. Don't know how accurate this information is since he was just a wee bit intoxicated....nonetheless we appreciated the info).  The waiter came up to us almost immediately after we sat to get our drink orders and give us their very Celtic looking menus.  I was impressed.  I ordered Leffe on draft, which was very fresh.  My friends enjoyed Paulana.  For appetizer we ordered a sampler platter which had chicken tenders, chicken quesadilla and potato wedges.  I would have to say everything on that sampler platter was so good!  A friend ordered the potato wedges with a side of curry sauce, and I kid you not it tasted like channa bhatura (Indian dish: spiced beans with Indian bread).  Yummo!  After the sampler appetizer and a couple rounds of Leffe I was not too hungry, so I ordered a light sandwich (tomato and mozzeralla on a bagette).  I was very skeptical ordering this dish because I was afraid the bagette would be hard and chewy, but I just took a chance and I am so glad I did because the bagette was soft and light.  Overall the service was excellent, beers were fresh and good, and the food was very tasty and fresh!  (Don't be mistaken.....i still miss my old Fados.....but this new one is not so bad!)Cheers!
<review# 2194,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2008,5/7/2008,10,13,5,6,8>Tapas, tapas, tapas.  Sure, you've had them before.  Most places are hit or miss, and once you find something you like you probably never ventured away from that small serving-sized security blanket again.  So you might be thinking that Pura Vida (PV)  is cut right from that cloth?  Wrong!  For starters, you aren't going to find typical (or even Americanized) Spanish tapas on the menu.  PV holds it down for Latin America with great creations the piqued my curiosity while I skimmed the menu, and delivered mouth-watering goodness every time.  I had the pleasure of trying four creations (tamale, duck mole empanada, lime and ginger marinated mushrooms, and something that can only be described as a warmed asparagus and cheese sandwich - very good though!).  Each dish was seasoned to perfection, and perhaps the tastiest surprise of the meal was the peeled and marinated celery accompaniment to the mushrooms.  I also recommend the Brazilian lemonade - yum!The wait staff was knowledgeable and friendly, and the restaurant's atmosphere was so warm and fun that even the ongoing downpour outside the plate-glass windows couldn't dampen the meal.While the portions are absolutely un-American it terms of size, there is more than enough to satisfy, and the meals are great for sharing.  But please, don't be fooled by cost - your PV bill can add up *very* quickly!Make sure to check out PV for a great date, with out of town guests, or for something fresh and new!
<review# 2195,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2008,5/6/2008,44,76,8,5,4>So I have this bad habit of almost fainting in really crowded, smoky places.  It's not something that I'm proud of, but it seems that my body has developed a finely tuned sense of the most inappropriate and embarrassing possibly places to faint, and decided to enact some bizarre form of revenge on me by causing me to faint in all said places. 930 Club in DC?  Check.  Fainted during a Smashing Pumpkins show (what was I even doing at a Smashing Pumpkins show is a discussion for a later time).  Random venue in Manayunk, PA.  Check.  During horseback riding camp while carrying the largest horse saddle in the entire universe.  Check.  And now.  Nearly in the Earl.  Because OF ALL THE DAMN SMOKE.  Aghhhhh.Anyway that's totally beside the point.  The Earl is great - good place to see a show if you can stand your lungs literally turning black inside of you while you stand there.  I recommend either not breathing or wearing some sort of gas mask contraption while inside.  Oh and tonight I saw my co-workers band play there and the lead singer had a glass thrown at him, his arm cut vertically open, and he had to be basically carried off the stage to an ambulance where he was taken to the hospital to get stitches.So yeah, it's always a good time at the Earl.  And I really don't mean that sarcastically, however the rest of this review made it sound. Heh.
<review# 2196,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2008,5/4/2008,36,89,1,5,4>Great food, great service, great atmosphere...you'll find it all at Wisteria.  My first trip was with my husband - it was a great setting for a romantic dinner.  I have always found the staff to be very helpful, polite, and unpretentious.  Whenever my husband or I have someone visiting from out of town that wants to a unique-to-Atlanta dining experience, this is the first place we take them.  Everyone is always happy with our selection.  Our last visit was just a few evenings ago with my brother-in-law who was visiting from D.C.  All three of us ordered very different entrees and all three of us found them to be wonderful, right down to the very last bite.  The beef tenderloin is our favorite dish.  I wish, wish, wish they would bring back their three-cheese ravioli with the deconstructed pesto sauce....mmmmmm!  If you haven't been to Wisteria yet, what are you waiting for???********Update as of 05/14/08********I've been back to Wisteria many times since my last review, all of which has been great, but I had to jump on here for just a second and give some special props for a dish we recently ordered.  My husband tried the beef tenderloin burger with aged cheddar and homemade onion rings.  Wow, that burger was awesome and I absolutely loved the onion rings!  The breading was just how I like it - a breadcrumb (rather than a battered) texture that is not at all soggy with big flavor.  I very rarely steal multiple bites from my husband's plate but I could not stay away from his burger and onion rings.
<review# 2197,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2008,5/3/2008,43,102,1,6,5>I have been going to the Highlander for over 10 years...yes, I'm getting old. Anyway, this place is very close to my heart. The beer is affordable and the food is freakin fantastic! Yes, the tots rock but I also crave the black forest pasta and this bar knows how to cook a steak...and pork loins! Actually, I don't think I've ever been disappointed in the food no matter what I ordered. Everything is superb!Also contributing to my love for this place is the air hockey, pool and pinball. The fact I can bring my dog on the patio and the servers love on her and bring her water. The servers are delightfully smart assy and there is enough ink in this place to publish a newspaper. Inked up boys are kind of a weakness. You can even get take out and bring the food upstairs to the Independent because they support each other like that.I love you Highlander! Never change and never go away!UPDATE 9/16!! Highlander no longer allows dogs on the porch because some dork compained. They may start allowing it again in the future but for now the doggie door to the Highlander has been closed. I'm not changing my review based on this but it does make me a little sad
<review# 2198,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2008,5/2/2008,15,57,,6,4>2nd day open, 1st one to review, yay!  We've been waiting patiently for quite awhile for this place to open, and let me tell you - it was worth the wait!  The Depot is a new *February 2008* bar and restaurant open on Memorial Drive in Reynoldstown.  It's right across from another one of our favorite places - Wag-a-lot - so every time we've driven by in the last few months we've paid special attention to see if this place was open - and tonight it was!It is located in an abandoned train depot - hence the name - and we found out is owned by the same group as Vickery's, Highland Tap, and Fontaines.  The interior is filled with lots of dark wood, has a great big, long bar, high ceilings, and just an overall comfy feel to it.  The beer selection is great - 10 or so to choose from on tap, and another 40 or so in bottles - including some interesting ones - Victory Golden Monkey anyone??Service was wonderful, wait  and bar staff really seemed to be experienced.  Food was good - came out hot and fast.  Interesting menu choices.  We started with the BBQ Oysters - delicious!  And my husband and I each had a burger - he the Cowcatcher, and me the Locomotive (turkey!) - cool to see they kept the train theme!  Both very good!Looks like it has a great outdoor bar and patio - which as spring is quickly approaching - I am sure we will frequent.  I forgot to ask if they are dog-friendly!?  I'll update at a later time with that info.But overall - great  and very welcome addition to the Grant Park/East Atlanta area - go check it out!
<review# 2199,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2008,5/1/2008,216,364,2,5,5>I felt like I had come home when I walked into Frank Ma's.  We dined here on Chinese New Year.  I called ahead to ask if they'd be packed, but Frank assured me he'd seat us and that it was BYOB.  Done :)  When we got there, Amy and Frank greeted us and sat us at a table on top of the infamous "disco floor."  We ordered a variety of things, and everything we tasted was just so good.  Honestly, I couldn't tell if my mom could make anything taste better (sorry, mom!).  The dumplings and duck were both super crispy and not greasy.  Our chinese broccoli was crunchy and the oyster sauce wasn't too cloying.  While we ate, Frank went from table to table, chatting and joking around with guests. If not just for the perfect food that reminds me of home cooking, the atmosphere and genuine friendly nature of the Ma's is why I'll keep coming back.  In fact, I'm looking into having our wedding rehearsal dinner here!
<review# 2200,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/7/2008,4/30/2008,215,493,7,9,5>This is an interesting place and not just because of its physical appearance.  The appearance intrigues me.  Using the back entrance, I entered into a huge room with vaulted ceilings which was highly decorated and generally aesthetically pleasing.  It looks like an old-fashioned dance hall.  There is also another big room with vaulted ceilings and there is an upstairs section all of which has a railing to overlook the lower sections; very big and grand.  I scoped out this one unique private room upstairs that had a curtain and fluffy cushions and pillows, and was very hidden.  It looked like a cool, cozy place for a party of eight or so to just hang out for an evening.  We were seated in one of the large rooms which happened to be the one that did not have the live music that was to begin shortly.  From this room the lounge-y music was not as loud as it might have been and it was tolerable.  If I was right next to it, I think I might have been annoyed rather than merely amused.The menu is a little bit all over the place.  They had a lot of pizzas, appetizers, kebab plates, some bigger entrees, and salads.  A lot of the appetizers sounded good but I did not try any (if I return I will definitely try these since they were really the most interesting items on the menu).  I ordered a Greek salad and a quattro formaggio pizza.  We were served a basket of rock-hard bread and this very strange plate with two very tiny and oddly shaped globs of butter.  I couldn't tell what it was and, at first, I thought it was a dirty plate that they had mistakenly set out.  Really, it looked like there used to be butter on it and then other people used it up and they brought the remnants to us.  Not that I needed butter, anyway, because the bread was way too hard to actually eat.  Since I already had wine, I requested a glass of water, but I was the only one at the table who received water or was offered water the entire time.  The wine list was a little small but had some interesting choices even thought the wine I ordered was kinda meh.  My salad was delicious - lots of peppers, olives, onions, lettuce and a huge piece of feta; I ate every bite which was only a problem when my pizza came out as I was about halfway through my salad.  The entrees were brought out and left at the table to get cold while we finished the salads.  My pizza was good but it was soggy by the time I got to it.  It was thin crust and flavorful, and maybe was crispy at one time, but I couldn't tell because it sat and cooled down before I got to try it.  Also, the cheese had kinda congealed and was not all hot and melted anymore.  It was still OK but it might have been much better with proper timing.We also tried a dessert (cheesecake) and it was decent but they definitely do not make their desserts here.  They are very much reminiscent of restaurants in Italy that order all their desserts from a supplier and they have a colorful glossy menu with pictures of the many desserts they offer (as does Amore), and the desserts are good but not remarkable.Throughout dinner, there were a lot of people working who seemed to be preparing for some sort of later evening entertainment.  This is fine but it's a bit distracting to be dining - not all that late, mind you - and to see tables and chairs being hoisted overhead and on shoulders to be carried upstairs, people rushing everywhere, lights being strung, etc. in preparation for something - either a party or maybe just their general nighttime club scene - and this was sort of confirmed when a crowd of big-haired girls sporting sunglasses (inside, at night) and short, sparkly dresses appeared and headed upstairs.  It felt like serving dinner was more of an afterthought than a focus here.  The bathroom situation was a little odd.  There is one men's and one women's restroom, each a single room with a locking door and an open shared sink in between them.  You wait for your turn by the sink which is also really close to where the dining tables are set up.  I felt a little strange standing so close to the tables waiting for the restroom - I was just happy it was not too crowded.  Once I made it into the little one room bathroom, I encountered what is quite possibly the most annoying automatic towel dispenser ever.  You have to almost touch it to set the sensor off, and then it dispenses strip of towel about three inches long.  But, you can't just hit the sensor again to add another three inches; you have to tear off the first three inches, then trigger the sensor and then get another little three inch section of towel.  So, to dry my hands, I had four little scraps of paper.I think I'll return but I don't think I would go for dinner.  I'd probably just sit at the bar and eat appetizers.  I debated a 2 or 3 star rating for this one and I went with the 3 but, if I go back and it's not better, I will definitely make it a 2; they are walking a fine line with me right now.
<review# 2201,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2008,4/29/2008,352,299,6,8,9>Big, huge, enormous, giant ... it was the GIANT SHOW!5+ big, huge, enormous, giant stars for the GIANT SHOW!These guys (Giant Brian, Shaffee, Carlos (a.k.a. ODM/"The Mexican Intern") and crew) are seriously the funniest characters I've never met. However, I hope we'll all become good friends one day ... know what I'm sayin'?For the first time in my life I enjoy a radio talk show. In fact, I'll turn on the radio hoping that there's no music playing ... just the guys talking. These jokers are on from 5 - 9 a.m. Early, I know, but totally worth it. Laughing -- it's good stuff that early in the morning. I love my mornings with the Giant Show so much that I laugh out loud when:I wake up to them in the morning ... I'm in my car all by myself ... driving to the gym ... and then to work.I pull into the parking lot at 9 a.m. when the boys sign off and always walk into the office with a smile on my face. Seriously funny.
<review# 2202,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2008,4/28/2008,40,222,2,6,7>I did it, I went to Rosa's (after working around the corner from it for three years), thanks to Robert M.'s recommendation. And I have to agree with the Pizza Elitist, it does come pretty close to the stuff I get in NYC. My one wish is that the cheese had been a bit "tangier." This is the word I use to describe truly great pizza cheese. Sure, there are probably better ways to describe the flavor of real NYC pizza, but this is the word that makes the most sense to me. Five stars for being in Atlanta, four if you compare it to the real thing. Long lines at lunch and cash only: be warned.
<review# 2203,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/18/2008,4/27/2008,440,453,11,10,6>Alright so whover Dad is, I took his suggestion.  And in craving for a Philly Cheesesteak, went ahead and decided to give Roy's a try.  Honestly, didnt really know what to expect, but Roy's was very clean and little bit more "corporatey" than i expected....it kinda had a Blimpies vibe.  Nonetheless, I went ahead and ordered a Sweet Pepper Philly Cheesesteak....and grabbed a sweet tea, which turned out to be not so sweet. So let me tell this story about the "drank"...i throw the sweet tea away and look at the drink offerings and notice that they offer some type of "different" root beer...it was like a reddish color, and honestly, it was damn good.  I had about 4 cups of that goodness, during my eating excursion...Ummmm.....the cheesesteak...was pretty damn good.  They give you about an eight inch steak for $6.  A tad bit small when i opened it up, but it was packed pretty tightly with meat and cheese.  MMMM...when i bit into it, I didnt return to Philly, but Ill be damn if that couldnt have been a Pittsburgh Cheese steak...(get it..close but not it....yall are killing me!).  Anyways the steak was good enough for me to get up and order a second round...thats right YES SIR, I re-up'd on the cheesesteak...and walked out of that spot full as hell.Not bad for $12...go get your pittsburgh cheesesteaks...:)  Smirk...
<review# 2204,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2008,4/26/2008,216,175,3,18,12>I was first introduced to fitwit at a party, where I was cornered by two women as they went on for about 30 minutes about how great it was.  Although it wasn't quite the way I envisioned the evening going, I was intrigued by the concept.  I needed to do something, as my typical workout routine was to think about working out in the morning, and think about working out in the evening, and never really getting around to doing much of anything.  About four months and a couple of 'visitor day' sessions later, I ended up starting my first ever bootcamp.Fitwit operates out of Grant Park and Southside High School, and runs 4 days a week for 6 weeks at a time.  You're supposed to have one 'homework' day a week where you do a light exercise, and you're given access to a nutritionist.  The workouts are, not surprisingly, very intense, and you walk away from many of them amazed that you just finished an entire circuit.  They track your times and stats, so you're mostly competing with yourself, trying to constantly improve from your last go round.  The workouts are incredibly varied, and focus on multiple levels of fitness, from strength and stamina to balance and coordination.  It's hard, as it should be, but the trainers and your fellow bootcampers are incredibly encouraging.  For the newbies, they spend the first few weeks working on form and technique, so that you're getting the most out of the training.  You really get to know and bond with your fellow fitwitters, and the trainers often plan happy hours or parties so people can get to know each other.  I've just finished my first cycle, and I immediately signed up for round two.  I feel much stronger, and my previously expanding belly (I blame the Yelp happy hours) has begun to retreat.  I'm feeling muscles pop out that have been buried since college, and I think I'm making my wife sick by telling her to feel how solid my legs have become.  I'm thoroughly hooked, and this is coming from someone who couldn't workout more than two days in a row to save my life.  I'd highly recommend it to anyone who's interested in changing their sedentary lifestyle.  A couple of notes:  1.  It IS expensive.  You can save about 10% by being referred by a current member (hint, hint), and you have to bear in mind that these bootcamps last 50% longer than most.  Also, the price rapidly drops to manageable levels for repeat campers.2.  The 'wit' part of fitwit come from the nonprofit arm of the organization, which provides free personal training and tutoring to Southside High School students.  Of course, proceeds from the adult bootcamp is used to fund the charitable organization.3.  The next session starts April 14th, so if you're interested, go for it!  They also have a free visitor's day about four weeks in, so if anyone wants to test it out, let me know.
<review# 2205,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2008,4/25/2008,29,94,5,6,6>It is difficult for me to express the level of infatuation I have with Star Provisions.  Excellent gourmet meats and cheeses.  The variety/selection is not expansive, but the quality is second to none.  Bonus for carrying just about every cheese produced by Sweetgrass Dairy here in Georgia.  I occasionally stop here to pick up the necessary software for high end sandwich making.  When I do, two things are certain.  One, the necessary sandwich construction materials will cost at least 30 bucks.  Two, it will be the best sandwich I have ever eaten (until I come back for my next round).  Great place for foodies to pick up specialty sauces/condiments as well.  The only "bargains" to be had are late afternoon deals in the bakery - where you can pick up excellent rye/baguettes/foccacia for half price.  The room of hanging cured meats makes me feel all warm inside.  I wish my salary was higher so that I could shop here every day.
<review# 2206,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2008,4/24/2008,7,6,4,3,4>Let me tell you about Blue Olive.  Fun, fun, fun!  I heard it from a friend who, heard it from a friend who...actually stopped in there.  I only go there on Tuesday's.  Why, you ask?  For White Elephant Bingo of course...and the $4.00 martini's.  From 4-7 everyday they have Rush Hour Specials.  With every drink you order, you get a free mini appetizer.  They are mini, but you can't complain if it's free.  Usually nothing's free.  Around 7ish they start Bingo.  Be careful not to drink to many martini's because then you'll call out bingo when you really don't have it.  (Not that I'm speaking from experience).  I haven't ordered food from the menu, but it looks and smells delicious.  Gavin the bartender is  ALWAYS friendly and tolerable of my drunk friends.  DJ Jager rocks it out with the Bingo and the music.Check out their website for more details and upcoming events.              myspace.com/blueoliveatl
<review# 2207,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2008,4/23/2008,32,15,3,6,6>4 stars.  The food is excellent, the service is great.  The owner will carefully explain each of the dishes and recommend different sauce combinations.  He provides a great "Indian Food 101" lesson for the uninitiated.  Despite the buffet style, expect to spend at least an hour and a half here.No corking fee.  Awesome.  Bring wine.  Get on his mailing list for coupons and special events.  Prices are very reasonable except during special events.  I knocked a star off this review because I stopped in for a special event last year and got hit up with an unexpected $90 dollar check (two people).   Normally the check is around $20 for two.
<review# 2208,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/10/2008,4/22/2008,216,382,2,5,5>I've been here twice. The food is decent, but like most of the rest of the reviews suggest, its not worth going out of your way for. However reviewer Charles R. is way off base claiming Mama Fu's is better than this place. I've eaten cardboard boxes with more flavor than anything Mama Fu's serves.Anyway, today my wife and I just happened to be heading through Sandy Springs and this seemed like the best option for lunch for two people under $20.I had the Santa Fe pasta with Chicken, and I enjoyed it enough to take my leftovers home for later. My wife ordered an asian noodle dish (forget which) and it was served in a bowl with a wedge of a head of lettuce and tomatoes and fresh mozzarella. I've never seen an asian dish served with cheese, let alone in the same bowl.
<review# 2209,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2008,4/21/2008,196,345,7,9,8>I was the fortunate dining companion of a $50 Food Studio coupon winner from the Food Studio elite event (whatever, he was the fortunate event companion of ME *to* the Food Studio elite event where he won it). After valet-ing the car, we walked through a portion of the King Plow building that happened to be having a prom. That's two weekends in a row that I have been on excursions in buildings hosting high school proms. And in March! Anyhow, I find the King Plow building charming, and the Food Studio atmosphere complements it well. It has that romantic candlelit warehouse feel. Does that make sense? It is one story with a mezzanine level. It is quite dark, but there are impressive displays of candles in glass sconces on the walls, and smaller candles on the tables. It creates a warming, cozy feel while maintaining an air of sophistication. We sat on the mezzanine level - the scene was lovely.My one real complaint - there wasn't a vegetarian entree anywhere on the menu. To me, having a menu where a vegetarian is forced special order something in 2008 seems like an overt snub. It gives off an air of, "hey, we're called FOOD STUDIO and that means we're real CHEFS and we don't recognize this VEGETARIAN RIDICULOUSNESS." The cauliflower ravioli with bacon is easily modified to be vegetarian by requesting that the kitchen hold the bacon, but couldn't they have added a line to the menu to that effect?  Seriously, even Mary Mac's Tea Room has vegetarian stuff. The wine list is extensive but there is nothing very affordable by the bottle. They have "small bottles" but only of very high-priced wine.  We ordered wine by the glass. I took the server's suggestion for a white, and though I no longer remember what it was, it was quite good.To start, G and I shared a house salad and a cheese plate (hold the salami). Two of the four cheeses were near phenomenal - a creamy brie and a blue cheese served with prunes. The other two, a hard sheeps milk cheese and something soft and salty-tasting served with olives, were tasty as well but not in the same league. The salad was refreshing - crisp and dressed very lightly. Ask for pepper, it really makes the flavor. The cauliflower ravioli was excellent, and there was just enough of it. In addition to the leek-butter soaked pasta pouches with pureed cauliflower filling, there were pieces of charred cauliflower throughout. Mmmmm. We had the creme brulee quartet for dessert. Also wonderful. A classic vanilla bean, along with a dense bittersweet chocolate, a pumpkin, and a butterscotch. Sometimes mini-creme brulees aren't enough to share because there's barely enough for one bite, but this was sized well - plenty for two with almost-full stomachs. As it turned out, dessert was on the house because our meal was repeatedly disrupted by the drunken shrieks of a middle-aged woman at a table of eight next to us. Seriously, I can understand if you've had too much wine and accidentally get loud a few times, but in this case, the decibel level was constantly out of control. It was nice of the Food Studio to acknowledge the situation, and I don't really know any other way they could have handled it - they politely asked her to quiet down, and when she did not, they could not have done more without causing a scene. Bottom line: the food was superb, the service well-timed, and the atmosphere tasteful and romantic, aside from one particular patron. Would like to see them add a vegetarian option to the menu, but very satisfied with removing the bacon from the cauliflower ravioli until then.
<review# 2210,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2008,4/19/2008,63,63,4,4,3>My boy and I made an impromptu Friday evening appearance at Agave for dinner last week, and as we walked in we both thought "we used to come here all the time...I wonder why we haven't been here in so long?"I'm guessing his thought process ended there. My brain, of course, tagged on "well, because we *used to* be dating and now we've been married for 3 years. meh."Anyway, surprisingly little has changed at Agave since the last time we ate there which is probably 3 years ago. The space is really lovely -- they do Southwestern decor without making me feel like I'm in the gift shop at the Alamo. The service is top-notch. They were busy, but not busy enough to scoff at our no-reservation-having selves. Our waiter was enthusiastic about the food and made great recommendations. I even heard him telling a woman at a table near us when she asked his opinion of her two top picks to steer clear of a dish that I sampled a couple years ago and didn't really enjoy (the enchiladas--the smoked chicken just doesn't work for me). I appreciate that.And, so the food. Their margaritas really are that good. We went for the traditional, and the boy added the optional $0.50 splash of Grand Marnier that the server offered. It was good both ways. Even their cheapest margaritas taste like well mixed cocktails -- no powdered limeade in these suckers, folks. And there is definitely tequila in there (another pet peeve of mine). Their chips and salsa are among the best in the city -- the chips, a mixture of white and blue corn, are fried fresh, but not too greasy, and the salsa is fresh and well balanced with a little spice (they could kick it up a notch to suit me, but I understand that I do live in Georgia). The boy had the burrito and stew, and I had the pork chop special -- both were good, and I felt that the blue cheese grits that came with my dish were exceptional. Apparently, they prepare these with different specials relatively frequently, so if you hear "blue cheese grits" come out of your server's mouth, order it. You won't be disappointed.From prior visits, I can also recommend their fried chicken and the shrimp and grits dish. I am a huge fan of Mexican food, but this isn't Mexican food. It is, however, good solid southwest-inspired American. Nothing terribly adventurous, but Agave will always be a really lovely dining experience.Oh, and get on their e-mail list. They send out a monthly message that always has really great discounts -- usually $10 entrees any evening when you are seated between 5 and 6 and 20% off your entire bill Sunday through Thursday. Definitely worth it!
<review# 2211,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2008,4/17/2008,121,158,4,4,5>Ok 4.999997 stars and only b/c I have high standards   =)I live in Atlantic Station and must have driven pass what looked like an abandon building to me a dozen times beforeInside, completely different story...lounge area had enough room, amphitheater a little cramp but appropriate for genre, and best of all genuinely funny actors & actressesBTW interesting story last night (TUES). I was "chosen" to couple up w/ a very nice Southern Belle on the couch (see their website for event details)And no we didn't win the all-expense paid free date (aside, 2nd runner up really deserved it)...c'mon do you really expect me to remember her last name? But I was impressed she remembered my job. Anyway, what's rattlin' in my head right now...is when should I sign up for acting classes?!?   hahahaBTW it's my first review in a while...usually get paid big $$$ for these kinds of insights...feeling charitable today   =P
<review# 2212,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2008,4/15/2008,78,71,6,9,8>My very first Thai Food experience! I've never had much interest in Thai food because I always thought of it as an exaggeration of coconut milk, curry and peanuts! Tamarind changed all of that for me.I let my friend who I was dining with make all the decisions for me since he's a regular there. I left him with these instructions: I like it spicy! He definitely led me down the path of righteousness! We shared 3 courses. My favorite was the basil lamb. The shrimp entree is no joke; it is SPICY!!! Almost too spicy!I love the decor with the jars of Thai seasoning all around the room. Service was friendly. I would recommend it to anyone, But I'd tell them to watch out for the spicy shrimp
<review# 2213,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2007,4/14/2008,147,260,6,9,5>I'm a sucker for sweets and when my friends told me about Atlanta Cupcake Factory, I just had to go.  Its location is somewhat hidden, because I just drove by it the first time I went there - Ooops!  Since the name is Atlanta Cupcake FACTORY, I really assumed something big and flashy.  In fact, it's just a small, neighborhood store: Nothing too grand about it.  But their cupcakes sure are!The owner is super nice.  She was so friendly and helpful.  I went 10 minutes before the closing time- so there weren't too many variety, but I tried the Chocolate Peanut Butter Cupcake and Sugar Cookie Vanilla.  The cake itself wasn't too sweet, but the icing was.  So if you get a headache from eating too sweet things, you can just eliminate some of your icing.  Sadly, there isn't a table where you can sit and enjoy your cupcake inside.  There is a small bench outside the place, but that's about it.  I think most people go with the intention of take-outs.UPDATE: I've been going to Atlanta Cupcake Factory every Friday since this review.  These cupcakes are addictive!  My top recommendations are Red Velvet, Sugar Cookie Dulce de Leche, and Chocolate Vanilla.  Coconut is also very good if you like coconuty things.
<review# 2214,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2008,4/13/2008,145,240,3,5,8>El Azteca. Yes, it's the same Mexican food you can get anywhere. Yup the #1 combo is two enchiladas, a taco, and refried beans. Big shocker right? But that is the beauty of El Azteca. It's chain Americanized Mexican food. I'm sorry folks, there's nothing wrong with that.Yup, at El Azteca you're either going to get a combo, or some fajitas. Or maybe you came to get your drink on, and you will order a taco a la carte. That's OK too. That's what Azteca is all about. Things about El Azteca I love:1. It's quick. You can get in and out of there in 30 mins or so if you're just eating.2. It's delicious. That's right I said it. While everything there is essentially a tortilla, meat, and cheese, it all still tastes great!3. Nostalgia. I spent many-a-nights here while attending Georgia State. We'd always get a big group together and chow down.4. Patio. A nice big one too. Unfortunately, when the weather is nice, it gets slammed.I understand it's no Mi Barrio. But it is what it is, and that is satisfying.
<review# 2215,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2008,4/12/2008,328,633,1,9,4>Southern food with a gourmet twist.  South City Kitchen is absolutely delectable and I loved it both times I have eaten there.My first experience was brunch and I had the most amazing Buttermilk Pancakes with this homemade apple butter and a Georgia Pecan maple syrup that just oozed Georgia flavors.  My next trip, I had to try the Buttermilk Fried Chicken with the bourbon gravy on the mashed potatoes.  This was the juiciest (sorry, mom) fried chicken in the city (barely beating out Agnes & Muriel's).  If you like Southern food, but a little more upscale, I think you will really enjoy the food.  The wait staff is quite competent and attentive and the prices are really good.  And if you have enough room to try the Banana Pudding - let me know how it is.  I'm just too full each time I eat here!
<review# 2216,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2008,4/11/2008,474,1389,3,8,7>This is a great pottery painting place.  I went with a group for our monthly meeting.  In fact, they opened up the studio just for our group, which was really nice.  Their selection of pieces was extensive - they even had glass that you could paint.  Their color selection was good, and you could use as many and as much as you want.  I must say I prefer this business model.  The entire price is incorporated into to price of the piece.  Creativity isn't limited to 4 colors, and people want to make the piece without worrying how long it's going to take or how much paint it's going to take.The staff was extremely helpful and knowledgeable - offering so much advice about color and pattern, guiding you in the best direction so that you're happy with all your hard work at the end.I can't wait to see how my piece turned out, but regardless, I would happily return to Art and Soul.
<review# 2217,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2008,4/9/2008,131,65,3,8,4>A very cool, modern, upscale lounge where the pretty people hang out.I arrived to Halo with a group of friends to attend the Lucid Absinthe Launch Party.  There was a good crowd for a Thursday and the Absinthe was flowing free-ly... I mean literally, everyone received two free absinthe drink vouchers (I used only one) and, frankly, if it had not been free, there would have been a lot less absinthe flowing...The entrance to Halo is rather non-discript on a side street giving the impression of a well-kept secret.  Upon entering, the lounge has a very lofty ceiling but maintains an intimate mood with indirect lighting. The scene from the entrance is dominated by a long, straight bar uniquely lit from within to provide the dominant lighting for the bar area. There are also numerous areas with seating which enable groups to gather.  Adding to the ambience, a DJ played upbeat music at a level that you could talk over with a little effort (and with the help of intimate invasion of personal space ;) ) and the bartenders were friendly, approachable and helped with drink decisions.
<review# 2218,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2008,4/8/2008,94,110,8,25,13>Okay, so it's been just over a year since I've used this moving company, so I can't vouch for their current level of service.  But I definitely plan to use them again when we move in a few months!I found Mark the Mover on Kudzu and they had good ratings.  I needed to get a bunch of heavy furniture from my grandparents' three-story condo into my new apartment.  Boyfriend Mark was still in Arizona, so he couldn't help with the heavy lifting.  So I found another Mark to move me!  It wasn't cheating, I swear.  I called up Mark the Mover, got a quote and then called a few other places to compare prices.  Mark's had the second-best quote and I had a better feeling about them, overall...gotta listen to that intuition!The 4 movers showed up on the later side of the hour-long arrival time frame I had been given.  At first glance, I wasn't sure I had made the best choice.  One guy looked like he was around 50.  None of them were very big or sturdy.  But they came in, I showed them what all needed to be moved, and man...those guys got to work!  In less than an hour, they had moved two large dressers, two arm chairs, a TV and TV stand, kitchen table and chairs, a vanity with a large mirror (which they carefully unscrewed and wrapped), a VERY heavy sofa bed, some end tables, an armoire, etc.We headed over to my place, I showed them which rooms corresponded to the labels I had stuck on all the furniture, and in even less time they had unloaded everything, put it all exactly where I wanted it, reassembled the vanity, put the cushions back on the couch and armchairs, and... here's the best part-  by the time the movers were finished, it was a little over two hours...maybe 2 hours and 15 minutes.  But they only charged me for 2 hours flat, whereas most places round up to the next half-hour or hour!When the movers left I just stood there looking around in amazement.  Everything was where it should be.  Easiest move ever.  Nothing was broken or scratched.  These guys went above and beyond!!**Note- I was going to go with three movers instead of four, but Mark the Mover employee Paul advised that I take the pricier quote for 4 movers, because they could move everything faster with the extra person and save me more money in the long run.  Total cost of the move: $300.  Cost of getting the move done in 2 hours and not having my friends and family hate me for roping them in to spending half a day moving all that stuff: Priceless.
<review# 2219,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2008,4/7/2008,192,123,8,8,8>I've recently become a sushi lover, thanks to a good friend that introduced me. Now about once every two weeks I get the Psychotic, can't get you out of mind craving for sushi.After a trip to RuSan's with my very sushi-literate friend, I am hooked!!!! RuSan's is like that guy you meet that has the great body, perfect height, killer sense of humor, he's smart (without being condescending) and when you're with him, you feel like the two of you are the only ones in the room. You can't stop thinking about him, no awkward phone conversations you guys just CLICK, and you can't wait until you get to see him again. Well....RuSan's is my new man, and I am in desperate need of his attention.The customer service was great, for the most part the waiter knew what was what on the menu. The food came out quickly and was awesome, very inexpensive. I had an awesome time while I was there and I plan on returning (ummm maybe this weekend)....Only bad part was we were a group of 3 and the waiter failed to ask if we wanted separate checks (huge pet peeve on my end)
<review# 2220,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2008,4/6/2008,51,21,15,18,17>I had every intention of getting up and going to 9 a.m. yoga on Saturday. But when my yoga partner sent me a text message around 8 a.m. to confirm if we were still on, the kamikazes from the night before said otherwise.Downward facing dog? I think I'll just keep practicing corpse pose in my nice, comfy bed thank you very much. I raised myself from the dead just long enough to send a reply text letting my friend know I wouldn't be making it.Her reply: Ok then. Are we still on for breakfast?Now, that I can do.Earlier in the week, I'd received a rather clandestine invitation to a new breakfast spot, launched by the same people who operate two of Atlanta's most popular, upscale urban eateries: Rare and The Harlem Bar. The invite informed me that they had recently opened a third restaurant called The Social House, and mysteriously implored me to "be selective in who you tell" since they wanted "to keep this place for those that appreciate Great food, Great ambiance, and friendly service!".However strange and hokey I thought the invite was, it was intriguing enough to make me drag my slightly hungover self out of bed and head to the corner of Howell Mill and Chattahoochee to get a peek and a taste of this secretive new establishment.In a former life, the building that the Social House occupies was a flower shop, so the adjacent parking lot is on the smallish side and was almost full (so much for keeping it on the low) when we arrived. Once inside, we were greeted casually by one of the servers, handed a couple of menus, and directed to take a seat at one of two available tables. The interior had a relaxed, country cottage feel with warm hardwood floors, exposed brick accents and floor-to-ceiling windows that let in an abundance of light, even though the day was overcast.A quick perusal of the menu revealed an approachable mix of the most basic of breakfast fare - toast, grits, eggs, sausage; some brunch classics like eggs benedict and fish and grits; and quite a few original creations.My friend ordered a waffle along with eggs and sausage. The waffle was Belgian style with a cake-like batter distinguished by hints of maple that gave it a rich, melt-in-your-mouth taste even before the butter and syrup were added.I opted for one of the house specialties: the salmon hash - a heavenly, homey heap of cubed sweet potatoes, herbed skin-on red potatoes and bits of grilled salmon all scrambled together with green and red bell peppers, and served with two sunny side up eggs on top. I ordered my eggs poached medium, and fully expected to be disappointed at the result, since my eggs usually only turn out exactly the way I like them when I make them myself. Here, I was pleasantly surprised. The eggs were perfectly poached, with silky whites encasing quivering, gelatinous yolks that were just short of being completely firm on the inside. I swore that there was no way I'd be able to finish the whole dish, but who in my condition could even partially resist a plate full of alcohol-absorbing carbs? I consoled myself with the fact that I only took a small bite out of the accompanying biscuit, which was so fluffy and perfectly shaped, I doubted that it was made from scratch. More likely, it was one of those homestyle kinds you can buy in the freezer section of the grocery store. If it wasn't, my apologies to the chef for doubting your skill.The service was...well, sociable. Our waitress chatted us up with genuine pleasantness and made sure we were well taken care of without being smothering. A steady but manageable stream of patrons filed in and out as we dined, a sight that I was both pleased and a bit dismayed to witness. If the place quietly opened only a few days ago, and it's already this popular, it's only a matter of time before the secret spreads like wildfire.Unless, that is, you promise that we'll just keep this between us.cheers,kbonvivantonline.com
<review# 2221,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2008,4/5/2008,5,60,1,5,5>Exceptional, and one of the top five restaurants I've visited.  The space is standard mod aluminum and wood, and  could use a little sound treatment, but still acceptable to someone hearing impaired like myself.  Service was acceptable but not gracious - our waitress was a little more "take charge" than I'm used to but not offensively so.Had the food not been so fantastic, these would have garnered Repast a 3 or 4 stars.  The menu was one of those where we could have chosen anything and been happy.  We started with the cheese plate and the date crostini - the cheese selection was interesting and there were several varieties I'd never tried.  The date crostini was also very tasty, and something I will try at home.For entrees we had salmon grilled in grape leaves over wheatberry couscous, and duck breast a la plancha over burgundy risotto.  Both were perfectly executed and presented.  The salmon was exactly the right doneness, which I would have to think is hard to pull off when it's wrapped in grape leaves.  I paired that with a spicy Hungarian white Tokaji, and was very pleased with the result.  My girlfriend happily tucked into her duck and pronounced it "yummy", which I promptly verified.We looked at the dessert menu, but were so pleased with dinner that we decided we were finished for the evening.  The dessert menu was tempting however, and the chocolate terrine with olive oil and sea salt especially so... perhaps next time.Repast is definitely a keeper!
<review# 2222,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2008,4/3/2008,52,253,6,7,8>Oh my god. I went here with a friend, who was getting a cake for her sister's baby shower. We had lunch and cake there. And I must say, their vegan cake is AMAZING. I tried a piece of their coconut cake, and took home a piece of their strawberry layer cake. If I had to choose, I'd say the coconut cake was better, but really, they were both delicious. It's certainly more sugar than I'm accustomed to consuming (and so ridiculously rich, oh my god), but it is a definitely amazing treat.All their bread is vegan (it usually is, but I just inquired to be on the safe side) and the eat your veggies sandwich is filled to the BRIM with veggies and delicious.  Just don't wear a white shirt like me. Veggies kept tumbling out of my sandwich and I ended up looking like a complete slob. It was totally worth it though.
<review# 2223,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/16/2008,4/2/2008,458,1067,12,7,6>From the outside this is a very unassuming salon.  That's actually the reason that I decided to stop in.  Earlier in the day I had gone to Great Clips to have my hair buzzed and due to an "incident" I had to leave without it being completed.  So, picture this: it's Friday afternoon, traffic is starting to get heavy, I have to be at my office near Perimeter in an hour, and I look like I just tried to cut my hair myself.  As I was driving up Roswell Road I saw a sign in a strip shopping center that said "HAIR."  Welcome to Savant Hair Salon.Let me just go ahead and say that Chavela did a great job fixing the mess that Great Clips made earlier.  I was also able to get my eyebrows waxed here and they turned out great.Now, let me digress back to describing the salon.I walked in through the open door and I swear the entire place went silent.  I didn't look that much of a mess (well, I didn't think I did), so I guess they just weren't ready for me to step up in there.  Actually, I think most of the attention was directed toward the "My Baloney Has a First Name" t-shirt I was wearing.  The ladies kept trying to figure me out.  One asked if I was Jason's friend (I guess Jason is the one gay person she knows)... Nope.  Another told me that I didn't look like the type of person who went to Great Clips... True.  Finally I was offered the latest edition of some men's fashion magazine, which I declined.This is the salon equivalent to a "hole in the wall" bar, but I don't think they realize it.  I mean, the store was so small you could see all the way through it from the window.  Even though you could hear everyone's conversations, for some reason each time I went to another employee I had to be introduced to them.  Cute touch, I guess... It seemed unnecessary, though.  Speaking of unnecessary - the total for my services was $53.00.  Yes, a men's haircut (no shampoo) and an eyebrow wax was $53.00.It's not what I expected and it feels like they're trying to be something they're not.  Oh well, thank you to the "little salon that could" for repairing my haircut and getting me set for the weekend.
<review# 2224,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2008,3/30/2008,25,69,8,8,9>I am lucky enough that I live close enough to here to use it as my regular grocery store; It also serves, like this evening, as my psychiatrist. I spend less $$, have better variety, fresher produce and hard to find goods. I have been shopping here for years, and when the family visits (we are a "cooking" family), it always includes a trip here to shop. The colors, smells, tastes, excitement of it all, soothes me. (Though Sat and Sunday are NEVER soothing shopping at the market!)This evening's trip resulted in me making ginger and lime salmon with spinach and plantains..even though I didn't get home till f-ing 9pm. It was worth it.Just for fun..look what you can get for $102. ($100 at Whole foods is like five items.) This will last me and the boy two weeks. The produce FYI lasts like four times longer than grocery store produce as it is fresher, preservative free and not sprayed with water every five seconds.For $102 : salmon -- shrimp -- fresh pork sausage - fresh  lamb sausage (3 different kinds) -- pork chops -- tofu -- sheep's feta -- Plain yogurt -- Goat cheese -- organic milk -- a whole roaster chicken -- ground hot chicken sausage -- Green tea gelato -- portobello mushrooms -- dried apricots -- fusilli -- organic quinoa -- black beans -- french lentils -- cauliflower -- Vimal Indian dinners -- Ginger -- roasted almonds -- rice sticks -- fish sauce -- dark soy sauce -- olives stuffed with lemons --  coconut milk --  chili paste -- squash -- avocado -- carrots -- zucchinni -- broccoli -- tangelos -- limes -- lemons -- raw peanuts -- soybean nuts -- fried green peas -- bosc pears -- granny smith apples -- potatos -- onions -- shallots -- garlic -- dried bannanas -- fresh basil, thyme, oregano, cilantro, italien parsley -- arugala -- Mcintosh apples --  currants -- cheesecloth -- celery -- plantains  -- one ruby red grapefruit and a partridge in a pear tree....
<review# 2225,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2008,3/28/2008,220,93,14,14,11>Okay, so you know how sometimes when you're at the laundromat and you're stuffing the just washed clothes into a basket in order to wheel it over to the dryer and you ::cringe:: accidentally drop an article of clothing or a washcloth on the floor?!--and time stands still and your eyes pan over and close in on the disaster as if it were a Ren & Stimpy cartoon close-up with grody unidentified hairs and lint on your newly washed article!?!  So you consider for a moment spending another two dollars and 23 minutes just to rewash that one sock or whatever, but then opt to just throw it out because goodness knows what kind of flesh-eating disorder might come of tossing the thing into the dryer with your other untainted clothes...Well never fear, at Great American Laundry you won't have these sorts of episodes.  It's SO clean!  It's run by an adorable couple who are extremely helpful.  When they aren't working on laundering drop offs, they're cleaning.  It's a pleasure.They've got magazines (even Maxim ;), a snack machine, drink machine, a little TV, and ample space for folding.One downside is that if you forget detergent or something, the prices for small containers are a little lofty--but I really think that would be the case anywhere.   Also the parking lot in the front is small and takes some practice maneuvering from it onto Monroe Dr.  But overall, I'm SO happy I found this place and I highly recommend it.
<review# 2226,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2008,3/27/2008,367,374,8,9,12>Ahhhhh the staff is so cool! Young very laid back looking alternative dudes and chicks- that were all very nice.. James who worked there saw how excited I was to be at Matty for the 1st time.. and he gave me a lemon vanilla cupcake since they made extras... he also gave them to my friends as well.. He even brought out the Bite Size cupcakes so I can take pictures!!Maybe it's because I mentioned yelp, and how I was so excited to try their famous cupcakes.. but they delivered star treatment, in a laid back and genuine way! Well let me start off by saying their toppings are heavily applied, but the taste is delicious.. not too sweet or buttered cream.. it's more light and heavenly. As Leah would say.. "a cupcake without frosting is a muffin"- and it's true.. I always feel  sad when the icing on cakes or cupcakes are too sweet- and I can't enjoy the two combos together.. but this place has been able to meld the two together , and masterfully presented it in such a cute laid back manner. The only down side is there is no seating... they have stools but no table.. so I think they should put in like 3 small tables at least for you to sit with friends and munch on the cupcakes.. Also they do bite size cupcakes ONLY if you SPECIAL order them.. which I think is terrible, cause they should have all sizes available for our choosing.. Oh - they only had like 4 different flavors available on the day I came.. I was VERY much looking forward to trying the Tiramisu flavored.. but the guy said they would have it on Tuesday.. so I might just come back to pick up one..Overall the experience was beyond Exceptional.. Great Service, cool little place.. and YUMMY cupcakes.. come and support your local bakery! They also did a cute birthday cake, which was very cute.. any kid would like it.. it had a cute monkey on it w/ balloons..! Leah inquired about how long it takes to order a cake, and the guy said you need to place your order 1 week ahead..Since they didn't offer seating I even got to go see where Leah worked, and we had our lunch at a little cute playground.. Great weather, great cupcakes, and wonderful Yelper Friends!!I love yelp!!UPDATE:I called Tuesday Since I was in the Mood for Cupcakes.. and by GOD they said they had NONE.. I was shocked.. so moral of my little comment? Call ahead if you are craving to make sure they even have any.. Yikes I was sadly disappointed.. VERY sad..
<review# 2227,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2008,3/26/2008,527,87,9,10,7>I love this place if only for the scenery; truly like being an extra on the set of The Sopranos...."woke up this morning, got myself a gun."The decor is a hoot and probably original to the 1950s, as are some of the patrons. Not a window in the place - perhaps it's the casino "they'll spend more if they can't tell what time it is" theory or maybe it's to keep you from escaping once they've realized you're behind on your payments on that loan you took out from the owner to pay your gambling debts. I tell ya, the naugahyde on these booths has seen more action than Lindsay Lohan and you'd swear Frank Sinatra was singing in the lounge instead of just playing through the 30-year-old speakers. Oh, and the food, right, the food - it's delicious and authentic  (although my Italian mama disagreed, but she doesn't like anything, so take it with a grain of Parmesan). The mussles are amazing and I seriously wanted to drink the juice they were swimming in directly from a wine glass - it was THAT good.Your waiter is bound to be named Luigi or Mario or Big Pussy - just roll with it and enjoy the most excellent pizon watching this side of the Atlantic. Hey is that guy getting rubbed out in the corner?  Ciao bella!Honestly, could I throw in one more Italian stereoptype?  I can, cuz I am.
<review# 2228,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2008,3/25/2008,68,107,3,7,5>I've been intrigued by Pink Berry since those AmEx Plum card commercials started running so finding a local place that is similar was exciting. I went to the location in the Perimeter Mall food court.After lunch yesterday, I got a sample of the original, but didn't buy anything. After lunch today I tried a sample of the pomegranate and proceeded to purchase a cup - and i didn't even think it needed any toppings. Its definitely different than the standard TCBY-type frozen yogurt as this one tastes like actual yogurt that has been frozen rather than a watered down ice cream. It definitely has a bit of a sour taste to it and 2 co-workers couldn't stomach the thought of eating something that tasted a bit like sour milk. I liked the original, but i don't think i could eat a whole cup (maybe with some toppings I could), but the pomegranate was a nice refreshing mix of sweet and sour tastes - fruity enough to be tasty, but not overwhelming.  In addition the guy behind the counter was friendly and informative about the product.I think tomorrow I may get some with some fruit topping as a lunch replacement.
<review# 2229,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2008,3/24/2008,23,20,5,8,8>It was my wife's birthday, and knowing how much she likes sushi, I surprised her and took her here.  For a little background we both used to live in Buckhead and moved to Roswell about 3 years ago, so we are used to the quality and quantity of restaurants in Atlanta.   Also, I never had sushi before I met her 7 years ago, so I'll relay her experience here more than mine.As said in previous posts, we parked and had to ask for directions to MF Buckhead.  It has just 2 little glass doors with lettering on them, and was not easily spotted from the parking garage..  We went on a Tuesday around 6pm, and although the place was pretty empty everyone was courteous and said hello as we passed by some of the staff to our seats.The menu was not as impressive as I thought it would be, but only because I was unaware that they only made traditional rolls here.  We had a very polite and attentive waitress that explained to us that they specialized the menu to more traditional sushi than you would see elsewhere.  No flash fried rolls with corny names at this place, and that was fine.  The decor was impressive and the way we were seated made it feel cozy to us despite the size of the room.We each ordered a glass of wine from the menu that they were out of and it was explained to us that they were in the process of changing the wine menu.   Still not a big deal.  What she recommended instead was wonderful and she brought out a sample glass of wine to taste for my wife when she realized her order was not available also. The appetizer was tiny but tasted amazing, and since we both were unsure of the portions, we kept a menu at our table to order more sushi later.I couldn't tell you the name of a single roll we ordered, but it was all excellent and well prepared.   The traditional fish-on-rice sushi is not my favorite, but I got to sample some of my wife's order and was impressed with how fresh the fish tasted.  The one downer was probably the price.  We ordered 2 rolls that were specials that day, and at $20 a pop I probably would have savored them longer!  We ended up eating 4 rolls total, with a glass of wine each, a shared appetizer and dessert.  They were nice enough to throw in my wife's dessert for free since it was her birthday, which was a nice touch.I would recommend this restaurant for anyone who wants to eat a more traditional sushi, in an amazing atmosphere, where money is no object.
<review# 2230,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2007,3/23/2008,33,32,4,6,7>If there is any food I miss eating now that I am a vegetarian, it would have to be Thai Chili's Basil Rolls ("A combination of roasted pork, shrimp, bean sprouts, basil leaves and green leaves wrapped in rice paper with plum sauce (Not deep-fried)" - $4.25) and Nam Sod ("A delectable blend of minced pork, chili, ginger, onions, lime juice and peanuts" - $7.25).  I used to love the combination of the latter's flavors in particular, and the way it invariably made my nose run - spicy stuff.There are still plenty of options for a vegetarian, including another favorite, the Tofu Garlic Pepper ("Sauteed tofu, peppers and garlic on salad greens" - $8.75), which really is not matched at any other of Atlanta Metro's Thai restaurants that I've tried, and I do try.  There is also the standard Spicy Tofu Basil Leaves ($8.95), but what you may be noticing is how high these prices are, and they are.  They have consistently risen over the many years Thai Chili has been in the exact same location in the Briarvista Shopping Center at Briarcliff and Lavista Roads.  Meaning... it is a popular neighborhood restaurant that has cranked out consistently good and fairly authentic Thai cuisine over the many years.It's a staple, a good place to go when you're in the neighborhood, or when you have a hankering for some good and reliable Thai.  Service is a bit inconsistent, and dining there alone will not find you treated as well as if you're part of a couple, but the food is almost always what you want and expect it to be, and if they have the ginger ice cream, go for it when you're through blowing your nose from ingesting all those chilis.  The rice is also cooked very well, and the ambiance is cozy, the lighting soft, the interior design a bit higher in standard than elsewhere thanks to a few renovations, and no doubt part of the reason for the higher prices.Thai Chili also serves beer and wine, and may I recommend you order up a Singha beer to go with your Tofu Garlic Pepper?  It's the perfect accompaniment.  And, for you omnivores or pescatarians out there, the Salmon Curry ($14.95) is really delicious.  I still recommend Thai Chili, despite the prices, and the reason is the consistency of the product.  Food is good, atmosphere is good, convenience of location is good - it's like Thai comfort food.  And eat some Nam Sod for me - I really do miss it.
<review# 2231,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2008,3/22/2008,227,316,2,8,9>Gotta try the Tofu.  I'm not a veg head or anything but, the tofu was off the chain.  It was vegan and full of flavor.  By this time in the night, I was cut off so I didn't have any drinks.  The water was good though!I used to live on Myrtle Street but moved just before Top Flr opened.  It's dark, small but cozy, hip, and trendy with out smacking you in the face with it.  There's an upstairs area but, I didn't make it that far.  The bartender was friendly and held conversation with out being in your business.  It was a good balance.  The mix of people was a great blend as well.A bonus is that there's a parking lot with plenty of spaces, which can sometimes be hard to find in midtown.
<review# 2232,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2008,3/21/2008,113,107,5,6,6>I've only been to ParkGrounds twice, and they have both been for Atlanta Craft Mafia events, so each time I've gone, it's been pretty packed. However, I get the impression there is always something going on at ParkGrounds. This independent coffee shop (I know, so rare in Atlanta) provides a place for you to enjoy your coffee, and maybe even one of their famous cupcakes, while you listen to live bands (BYOB!). I long for the day I can bring my dog to ParkGrounds to run around and play with other dogs in the yard out back while I sip a yummy iced chai. Good thing the Humane Society is down the street from me.
<review# 2233,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2007,3/20/2008,722,577,3,10,4>I don't give a whole heck of a lot of 5 stars, but this one is one of them. No doubt you've passed Cafe 101 several times when trolling about Buford Highway, looking for some hole in the wall Chinese, Japanese, Korean, Vietnamese, Malaysian or faux Japanese establishment to treat your palate to something a little different.  No doubt you've noticed the change of ownership signs on a rather out-of-place buillding called Cafe 101. A round edifice, with dome roof, it's completely unlike the majority of ramshackle buildings that line Buford Hwy.  Whether this building would meet earthquake-prone Los Angeles building codes is doubtful, but it's certainly different enough to attract attention.Upon entry, the visitor will be greeted by the strains of T-pop.  That is, Taiwanese pop.  Sappy and sentimental oftentimes, it immediately lends a sense of authenticity to an esablishment that purports to be Taiwanese in ownership, flavour and verve.  If this is what you're looking for, look no further.  Earlier this year, I'd complained that Bento-Cafe was the only Taiwanese establishment here in ATL...  Cafe 101 has not only joined its ranks, but has truly outdone its competition.If you're eating here, don't go for the standard Taiwanese cafeteria combo-meals, go for the full flavoured stuff on ttheir menu.  May I suggest the one Hakka styled dish, the "mei cai zhu rou".  Mei vegetable pork.  It's nuts.  Not for everyone, especially since the primary seasoning doesn't really exist outside of Chinese menus, but it's an ingredient that the initiated not only know well, but crave.The flavour of that spice is a tad reminiscent of Chinese medicine -- but the slightly bitter tang of the spice serves as a wonderful contrast to the garlic, onion and soy that also season the rich, lipid laden pork that forms the primary substance of the dish.  Personally, I love using the gravy on the rice... and then can eat bowl after bowl after bowl.On the other hand, the rice is probably my primary complaint.  I couldn't tell what brand of rice they use here, but the texture was off.  We think it as a tad overcooked -- but I wasn't sure.  A little stifff, and not sticky enough for my preferences.  Perhaps it was just the batch of rice cooked.The Mapo tofu was also quite a treat. It's a standard test dish for me (Thanks Fong L.  I learned a lot from you ...), and I think they do this dish competently.  I've had better, but this Mapo tofu is solid. I wouldn't mind a bit more numbing peppercorn, but that's another story. A couple Shanghainese style dishes are present -- We had the Tofu version, which rocked.  The nian gao (Thick Rice Noodle), Taro, mushrooms and chinese sausage within were cooked to just the appropriate level of tenderness -- and the seasonings were flavourful, yet not overwhelming...  I also didn't get stung by overuse of msg.Milk tea is available in dozens of combinations, as well as shaved ice.  All of which appear decent in quality.If you're expecting oyster pancakes, Tian-bu-la, intestines and kidney dishes -- look elsewhere -- in the world.  This place isn't a heavy, heavy taiwanese small dish haven.  It rather contains a melange of Chinese continental dishes prepared with Taiwanese verve, taiwanese hospitality and taiwanese ambiance.  It feels like a diner for the casual diner in a less ritzy part of Taipei.  And I wouldn't mind a lot more places like this in Atlanta.In fact, I told one of my fellow diners that the meal made me want to stay in Atlanta.  :)4+/5 for quality (Solid Solid food, but you won't go mad with delight)But best of breed in Atlanta.  - half a star.5 out of 5Eva - I hope you go back here soon, cuz I'm going to have to disagree this time..  :)
<review# 2234,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2008,3/19/2008,261,217,5,6,7>Pretty cool, divey bar.  It definitely doesn't get going until after midnite!We went here Saturday, just to check it out.  At 10:30, it was pretty much empty and the DJ hadn't started yet.  We stayed and chatted for a while and the music got going, and it was good stuff!  Around this time, I got a case of munchies (or something) and Had to have chicken wings.  So we went to Smiths to satify my craving.After a while, our friends are back at El Bar, so we end up there again.  This time it was super jam packed full and it just made me tired having all these people slamming into me.  Anyway, fun overall.  Kinda reminds me of the Azul dance floor area.
<review# 2235,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2008,3/18/2008,245,510,11,8,9>NY corner slice review:What a find!  I ventured onto S. Atlanta to find Blue Moon (closed on Sundays), so then I went to find St. Angelo's and couldn't find it.  Along the way I ran into Bella's, which instantly gets slotted into my top 5 pizza places in the ATL.It's pretty unassuming from the outside, thinking it is a take out joint with a few tables.  The place is huge with a very long bar in the back.  We decided to get some knots, some slices and my wife got the stromboli.  The knots came out and they were OK, the knot dough was a little on the tough side but they drowned it in garlic and butter which made up for the toughness.  I wish I didn't get the knots because the slices were HUGE.  Biggest slices of pizza I've come across in Atlanta.  The stromboli was also enormous, and while I didn't taste it, my wife said it was very good.  The pizza was excellent.  Very good NY style crust done right: thin, and a little on the crispy side but with the right chew.  This is crispy the way pizza is supposed to be crispy (unlike Cameli's which serves you a cracker and calls it crispy).  The sauce has a smoke yet sweet taste to it and was pretty good, they could cut back on the sugar since sauce is better on the spicy side.My only complaint was a little too much cheese (but not as bad as most places in Atlanta) and not enough sauce.  But the crust made up for those negatives in a big way.  There is a grease factor that some may not like, but I don't shy away from the grease, I let it drip on my plate and then soak it up in the ends of my crust!  The other factor that I know makes this place excellent, is because my dog ate all of our leftovers after leaving her unattended for a few minutes.  My dog has good taste...the last time she swiped something from me was a 1/2 pound of Proscuitto di Parma at $20 a pound....I give it my second highest sausage and pepperoni rating....from the NY Pizza Guy.
<review# 2236,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2008,3/17/2008,688,73,11,43,39>WE REPEATEDLY FAIL EACH OTHER and I couldn't care less, I won't, I refuse. F*ck the Homeless with their open hands, begging for a handout while I sit 2 hours in traffic everyday, my life sqaundered while the meter runs at $3.00 a gallon. Others fight to eke out an existence, giving up life for less than minimum wage, begging on a corner for work from bigots because they're not allowed to be in this country. Seeing them battle for work makes it difficult to care about panhandlers who seem to 'want' to live on the street. I do what it takes to not be homeless, why can't they? Every Wednesday night, nearly without fail, I find myself surrounded by them; kids, teens, and young adults on the verge of never having a better existence than the one they have right now on the streets. The longer they're out there without help, without breaking the cycle of their poverty, the less likely it'll ever change. Most haven't reached the point of begging on the streets. Full of pride they'd rather steal, and even then with this bunch that seems to be a very last resort.  I volunteer at StandUp for Kids and it's always a battle with myself. After 10 hours of work and commute, spending another 5 hours voluteering isn't at the top of my list and I don't want to go. Two hours later, as I stand in the kitchen spooning food and listening to a chorus of melody and syncopated rap rhythms, I see what the other, more caring volunteers see in these kids. As a group of young black males sit together, rhythmically pounding the table, beat boxing and rapping in circle, it's easy to witness them open up and forget the dire situation in which they live. They're relaxed here, and when their defenses lower you can see something in them that very few others will, their potential to be greater than what they're headed for right now.StandUp For Kids isn't a right-away feel-good volunteer project for many of us who spend time there. Sure there are the weekly dinners provided by a church group, or corporation, or even restaurant, but for the rest of us, it's a crazy commitment that allows us to see actual change and development in these youth. When TROIS brings food - great food such as excellent breaded teriyaki chicken, it's a welcomed treat and the kids show their appreciation.Requiring nearly 24 hours of training and background checks before you're even allowed to work with the kids, this isn't for everyone. It probably isn't for me - and I don't think about that too much, pushing those thoughts to the back of my head and pulling better reasons up front. Pulling the good reasons, the sort that they throw up on commercials to pull at your heart and get you to give. I grind my teeth at the cheesy thoughts floating around in my block of a head. This 'doing good' schtick is eating away at my cynicism, erasing the cold bastard I so often claim to be.It's hard. Every now and then I get tired and I want to stop. It's easy to just stay home and do nothing. No one will come calling, asking me to come and help out. They'll just go on about their business and I'll be a memory. On those nights when I'm tired, and on the very rare occasion when I'm somehow roped into giving a ride home to a pregnant teen about to give birth, my disposition isn't in top form. But it's hard not to change attitudes when I arrive at her home and witness 10 people in one room, strewn across the floor, sleeping soundly while the walls creak from the cold outside. They're conditions worthy of a 'save the children campaign' and before I can say much of anything, the pregnant teen says thank you and pushes me back into the night, away from seeing anymore than the too much I already have. Hers is a reality completely foreign to me and although we welcome anyone at the center, that doesn't mean the feeling is or should be reciprocated with her home.So I go, every Wednesday night and I work with the more committed, more experienced and absolutely more caring volunteers, trying to help these kids from a life they didn't sign up for, but are clearly living. It's difficult and progress is rarely noticeable, but there are moments. Glimmers when one person shines and you see that they want something different, and without you, without this group of people, they have much less of a chance out there to be something great, or even something where they don't have to worry about their next meal.They don't need help surviving. They're already doing that. They need help breaking a cycle of poverty that many of them were born into and don't know how to escape.
<review# 2237,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2008,3/16/2008,166,205,,14,11>Cool without trying.....brings new meaning to lounging....you will lose track of time.  Any and all of these phrases are a great fit for this place.  I am trying not to completely gush, because I know my company had a lot to do with it.  Cru initially presents as unassuming; it's off the beaten path, there are no signs directing you, they don't advertise (as far as I know), and there is no 'VIP' section.  However, all of these qualities are intentional and key to the success of this place.  All of this is enough to go to Cru, but here are some intangibles:*heavy-handed bartender*good & interesting selection of beer*tasty appetizers*easy parking *good music*reasonable pricing
<review# 2238,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2008,3/13/2008,13,33,5,6,6>Dare I say it?  This is the perfect date spot in Atlanta!  There, I did it.  I know that the statement above is a strong one, but I really belive it to be true!    It can be romantic, it can be goofy, it can be steamy, but it is always alot of fun!  I suggest getting there early.  Bring a picnic, frisbee/football, a cooler of beer, and friends.  You will not be disappointed.  My only advice:  Don't rely on your car's radio.  Get a cheap battery powered radio from target so you can drive home at the end of the night.
<review# 2239,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/21/2008,3/12/2008,343,405,12,7,4>Joel: So...where are we going to dinner since David has to work late tonight? You sure you don't want to go to the Happy Hour at Ecco?Leslie: Nah...I'm tired!  Lets eat somewhere cheap and where I don't have to change.  How about Saigon Basil?Joel: Huh?  Where is that?Leslie: It's located on Piedmont Rd!  Plus, they have bubble tea!Joel:  Bubble tea...oh yeah!  Do they have soup?Leslie: Yes, they have PhoJoel: Pho What?Leslie: No, Pho is soup, silly.Joel: Are you Pho sure?Leslie: YesJoel: Pho real?Leslie: You're a loser...Joel: I made a Pho-nie! :PI'm not much of an adventurous eater, but thought I would give it a shot...I mean who can resist Bubble Tea!  Upon entering, I definitely needed the picture menu because I had no idea what to order.  Leslie was very quick with her order of the pork and shrimp, while I just gave up and got the Thai Fried Rice and Mango bubble tea.  My dish was OK...I should have gotten something different to truly experience the food, but the bubble tea was really good!  I could definitely see myself coming back for the tea before hitting the gym at Ansley!  The only other thing on the menu that looked appetizing was the smoothies...flavors like Lychee and Taro are a few of the fruit flavors I want to try!  I gave the additional stars because Leslie really enjoyed her dish and has been here countless of times.  I'll be sure to try it again and update this review!
<review# 2240,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2008,3/11/2008,60,152,2,6,5>Brand new neighborhood Italian restaurant in the Oakland Park condo building across from Oakland Cemetary.  Went last night on their 3rd day of business and the service was amazing!  Our waitress, the runners, hostess--everyone was super friendly, had suggestions for what to try and gave us plenty of time to study the menu.  They haven't gotten their liquor license yet, so wait a few days if you can't eat pasta without your vino. This place is owned by the same folks who run Osteria and Doc Cheys.  The pizzas are similar in size & style to Osteria's except they're experimenting with a whole wheat crust, which was pretty good.  My boyfriend had the chicken parm with fresh mozarella and said it was the best he had had in years.  Our friend had the spinach linguini and loved the light alfredo style sauce.We will definitely be back--it's super convenient and not smoky like some of the other neighborhood options.
<review# 2241,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2007,3/10/2008,163,606,7,11,7>I could eat here every day...for the rest of my very short life. Ingesting one of Miss Ann's world famous Ghetto Burgers is the caloric and cholesterol equivalent of eating a stick of butter with a side of mayo...but what a way to go.I've been meaning to try out Ann's Snack Bar for years. It's the kind of place people are leery about talking up too much, simply because they don't want to give away the secret. However, now that it's been publicly outed and cited by the Wall Street Journal as having the best burger in America...the secret is out and chances to sneak over to Ann's without waiting in line are gone.The brief facts: Ann's has 8 seats. Miss Ann lets 8 people in, takes their orders, cooks all the food, serves all the food, and only when she's done cooking will she move to the cash register and close out your tab. Once a seat opens up, a new person comes inside and sits and waits until everyone in the first group has finished and paid before she'll start taking more orders. Getting a Ghetto Burger can take hours if your timing sucks. If you're not the patient type, and can't sit still and not ask questions...you're better off going somewhere else.The Ghetto Burger itself is a work of art. Watching Miss Ann make one is mind numbing. Those fist sized chunks of beef she puts on the griddle look enormous, and then it slowly hits you that she intends to use TWO OF THEM to make one burger. It has to be around three thousand calories per burger: chili, lettuce, ketchup, mayo, tomato, cheese, grilled onions, and over a pound of meat.I think my heart just exploded.I could write page after page about the running dialog you'll be treated to sitting at the counter at Ann's. It's such a small place that Ann basically holds court and chats with all 8 people at once, talking about life, her day, burgers...you name it, she's got an opinion on it and has no problem sharing it. Highlight of my trip there with fellow Yelper Michael B., someone asked Miss Ann about famous people coming in for burgers now that she's getting so much publicity. She told a story about Puff Daddy coming in with his whole entourage and wanting a Ghetto Burger. Someone asked if she made him wait outside in line for hours like everyone else. Her reply:"That boy's got money. I don't care, he can come right inside any time he wants. They telling me Oprah wants to come visit...that girl can come right inside too, she gives people a million dollars sometimes!"Miss Ann has said she's retiring next year and closing down for good. She's been cooking for 36 years and has had enough. So....get there while you can and enjoy.
<review# 2242,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2008,3/9/2008,46,13,3,8,5>This bistro is downright chic! From the decor down to the menu. Upon entering the first thing I noticed was a posh lounge-like area with long white couches, candles burning and flowing sheer fabric to add a touch of privacy. The dinning  area was cozy. Small square tables were neatly scattered across beautiful travertine tile. One wall was covered in this oceanic quilt like thing, it was really cool. The only questionable decorations were these weirdo fuzzy half planets on the ceiling. I didn't quite get it.We were greeted by a bubbly hostess who gave us our pick of seats and menus. Our first goal was to order some big girl drinks. The drink menu was packed with decadent martinis sure to please any appetite. From the simple cosmo to the more complicated blue parrot martini.  I opted for a grapefruit martini, and my friend order a drink with a name like tutti-fruity-bootie or something like that......it  leaned more on the complicated side.   One quick glance at the menu and I knew I was in for a real treat. It contained items like steamed mussels with saffron sauce, and bacon wrapped chorizo (how much pork can you take?) with blue cheese and dates. We started off with the hummus with assorted veggies and worked our way up from there. I like a little more spice than this hummus had, but overall it was pretty good.  We each ordered a couple of choices to share. The chorizo and potato empanadas were excellent, so were the crab cakes with aioli, but my favorite thing was blackened chicken with mango sauce. It was a mix of spicy calypso flavors and sweet & tangy mango. What a combo! Throughout this whole food-fest our server was so accommodating. He made suggestions, and  answered any questions we had. He always seemed to come around right when it was time to order another martini. Now that's a gift!Overall my visit to Blue Grotto was fantabulous! I will definitely be back for the tasty grub, tranquil atmosphere and awesome service.
<review# 2243,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2008,3/7/2008,120,360,7,6,7>I gotta say I am giving Fun Time an extra star, just because I got my all-time bowling high, 204!! I'm not kidding, I actually got a print out bc I knew no one would believe me.  Ok, enough bragging.  This is quite a bit smaller than I had hoped, it has 24 lanes.  Or maybe I am just used to the huge bowling alley at Midtown Bowl.  But they do have cosmic bowling, and the games are quite a bit cheaper.  Bowling is bowling really.  The staff was super friendly and they have huge pitchers of beer, I believe 200 oz for like $22, i think... But it's a good time.  I'd def go back.
<review# 2244,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2008,3/6/2008,23,15,3,6,6>Horseradish Grill - Atlanta's oldest continuously operating restaurant for a good reason. They have not tinkered with what works, great southern food and cozy, knowledgeable service. This place doubles as a lunchtime client favorite and can catapult your street cred with that significant other during a night on the town. The (*****) five stars come with a disclaimer statement, you must steer clear of the overly salted and spiced Whole Grilled Georgia Mountain Trout  on the lunch menu. Also worth mentioning is the dessert menu, THE KENTUCKY OATMEAL SPICE CAKE is the only choice. Made fresh daily, it is a celebration of homemade ingredients culminating in a culinary experience that will take you back to a time when your entire wardrobe included sewn in booties with little rubber tracks on the bottom to keep you from sliding on the kitchen floor. Bottom line, if the adorable atmosphere and helpful sincere staff don't do it for you, the food certainly holds up on it's own. Oh, and with regard to the almighty dollah; you will get way more than you pay for, but this is not a location that belongs on the weekly lunch rotation $$$$....
<review# 2245,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2008,3/5/2008,354,392,5,2,3>Fritti was a pleasant place to visit while my Memphis friends were in town.  I must open this review with a disclaimer- I am vegan, in case you have not noticed.  So, the idea of cheese-less pizza with two toppings  (onions and tomatoes, I think)  may sound raunchy to you, and  it does to me as well.  I can get better from a home delivery at Poppa Johns.Anyway, the people I was with were drooling at the prospect of what they were going to get, and informed the Memphians that they were about to eat the best pies in the South.   And when they all got their food they made the most orgasmic sounds while eating their pies.  One couple got some pizza with a balsamic dressing, and the others got a three cheese pizza they loved so much that they ultimately fought each other for the last slice.   Seems like good stuff!   I would definitely recommend this place for a first or second date as it is cozy and the staff is great, as well as the pizzas that seem to melt people faster than mozzarella over a fiery grill after a few glasses of wine.I don't think I have ever seen folks drool all over themselves just ordering... I won't get into the mess they became just waiting for their food ( btw- besides the Memphians and the New Yawker,  the peeps I was with had all been here before me and knew what they were waiting for...)  but they were totally satisfied, full, yet desiring more when we left!
<review# 2246,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2007,3/4/2008,72,176,5,1,3>Ok, so I just got off the phone with Dionne Warwick and her psychic friends, and lets just say, we predict this is going to be the newest hot spot in Atlanta!My date and I stopped here for a bite to eat, and at the moment I stepped inside- I was immediately wowed!  This place is SCHWEET!My favorite part of this sports restaurant was the numerous flat screen TVs, and the streaming ticker.  Not to mention there are private party rooms that are good for group parties.  The self serve on demand draft tables are definitely cutting edge!  You can best believe your blood alcohol levels will be kept at a constant here!The coolest part of this restaurant was the bathrooms- the futuristic unisex light up door lock when emptied are super cool!  Beware- you might just see Senator Craig looming down there because they're so cool.I recommend trying the Sweat Potato Fries!  They're a perfect blend of sweet, salty, and spicy (like myself).  Be careful if you try the Crab Cake BLT though, it gave me a grumbly in my tumbly.  I definitely want my birthday party to be held here!  And I'm not a sports fan!!
<review# 2247,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2008,3/3/2008,177,122,2,4,5>First off i'd say the 4 stars is for goin in the evenings/ night and not during the day for lunch. At night or after work the crowd gathers here to unwind, meet up and socialize with new and current friends, and to play a little golf on the arcade. You get your draft beer and you just unwind with good company. Great feeling!During the day when i've been, it's only been us and the bartender at lunch time. We both had cheeseburgers and fries and honestly Mcdonalds could have done better, and I don't even like Mcdonalds so that says alot. I would recommend checking it out in the evenings; Wednesdays, Fridays, and Saturdays are good nights to go. It has an old school pub feel to it, the bathrooms are clean, but you've gotta have alot of patience if your standing up because service at the bar can take a minute due to how crowded it can become and you'll always have someone bumping into you. It's not always a bad thing. lol It's a good place to go though. Many enjoyable evenings there with friends.
<review# 2248,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/13/2008,3/1/2008,27,23,6,7,4>Luckie is one of those places that's nice...but it simply doesn't know what it wants to be.  A sushi bar?  A sports bar? A club?We went on a Friday night, and the first thing that struck me was the big brothers standing outside in suits with earpieces.  My wife looked at me confused as we walked past.  They opened the door for us and nodded respectfuly...but all the time I'm wondering...why are you there?The girls up front were over-worked but cool and we were seated promptly.The food...hmmmm.  The menu is all over the place.  Sushi, seafood, regular American diner food, 'Mexican'...no focus whatsoever.  My wife ordered the sushi and I ordered a pork chop.  My meal wasn't horrible but it wasn't really good either.  In fact, I can't remember what it tasted like.  The sushi was ok but it was, like, breaded or something and that got tired really quickly.  The deserts were bland as well.The atmosphere is nice...it is loud, so I wouldn't recommend this spot for intimate or romantic intentions.  The restaurant is bathed (at the time, I understand) in blue light with a huge aquarium on one side of the building.  There are several large screens on the back walls that were playing random whatever until, suddenly, 'Cool It Now' by New Editions starts blaring from the speakers accompanied by the music video.  The crowd (especially the girls) responded with a lot of enthusiasm and that made it more palatable, since I really wasn't in the mood for throw-back R&B which continued the rest of our stay.So, all in all, this is a fun place.  The only thing that stands out is the atmosphere...but, sometimes, that's all you need.  Oh, and uh, definitely check out the bathrooms.  Took me about 20 freakin' minutes to turn the sink on :-)Oh, and Atlanta, please stop paying for parking.  Atlanta is not that dense (population wise) of a city yet that you have to pay for valet...park down on Luckie St and walk!Peace.
<review# 2249,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2008,2/28/2008,167,215,5,3,5>Ahh, Vortex... how my tatse buds love you and my thighs hate you.  I've had many of their burgers (I'm currently loving the Artichoke burger) and the grilled cheese.  All good.  They also have a nice beer selection, and their beer prices are totally reasonable.  Make sure you have your ID when you go, because due to insane GA laws, anyone who enters has to be 18 since people smoke in there.  However, I love having a restaurant where I can eat without being bothered by somebody's child.
<review# 2250,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2008,2/27/2008,61,43,14,7,7>I've only eaten at SFU about a dozen times and I don't eat seafood, so this will be a brief and very focused review.My focus is on the greatest hamburger ever created by any man on this planet. SFU is mainly known for its seafood, so not very many people know that Yahweh, Buddha, Zeus, Odin, the Flying Spaghetti Monster, and Shiva gathered together to use their mighty powers to create the hamburger that is now served at SFU. You KNOW it has to be good when you're at a seafood restaurant and when you order the burger the server's eyes get big and they say, "Oh yeah, VERY nice choice!"Get it with the chips. Combined with the burger you have a combination unable to be defeated even if Mumm-Ra, Skeletor, King Koopa, Shredder, Dr. Doom, Wiley E. Coyote, Gargamel, and all the Decepticons in the Transformers universe came together to battle you. With this burger and chips combo you have the combined power of He-Man's Sword of Power, the Force, a Power Pellet, Jackie Chan, Optimus Prime's battle canon, and Voltron. That's how good this burger is to me and I doubt you'll disagree.The wait can be a bit long in the evening, but I swear it's worth sitting around to taste this.
<review# 2251,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2008,2/25/2008,46,36,6,9,6>One word, two syllables...Kickball!  Yes, yelpers this game doesn't stop in the 3rd grade on the playground.  GOkickball is an adult kickball league in Atlanta and you'd be surprised how it all comes back to you when you step on the field.  I played in the summer league (they have a league for every season) and had a ball - pun intended.  There are definitely some hardcore players, but everyone is out there to have a good time.  I'm not the most athletic person but I like to think I brought something to the team.  My team played on Wednesday nights, but there are also Thursday and Sunday night teams.  They all come together at the end of the season for the finals - yes there is an overall winner and they get a trophy (in addition to bragging rights).  There are constant flashbacks to the school yard except during the finals.  It's a full day of kickball, not just a thirty minute recess game.  Everyone brings food, drinks, lawn chairs and competition.  If you join a team, try your best to make it to the last round because its the best part.  If you're wondering, I kicked butt in the outfield.I left lots of details out so go to the website for times, parks, teams, etc.  gokickball.com
<review# 2252,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/27/2008,2/24/2008,183,150,8,7,5>I went by Dakota Blue for lunch today and although my experience was OK --  I left there a little unsatisfied.I'll start with the negatives....1- I like kids, I really do...i even have one, BUT the dining room was like a scene from Kindergarten Cop -- luckily there was one more seat left at the bar. Later a couple came in and waited to sit at the bar to avoid the kiddies in the dining area.  Yikes!2- MY FOOD WAS COLD!!! I ordered crab cakes and blue-cheese macaroni, and the mac was stone cold in the middle....it was as if it was once frozen and they didn't let it un-thaw. I didn't even eat it I figured it would be better if i took it home and reheated it up first.Now for the positives....1- The service was rockin' and the bar customers were hella cool. When I told my waitress that i just moved to the area she made sure to tell me about the weekend brunch and gave me a menu to take home.  2- My crab cakes were good! Although the mac-n-cheese was cold the crab cakes were tasty.  I will return --- and if there is no place at the bar I will just get my food to-go or eat outside, because I love kids BUT I can only tolerate them two at a time.
<review# 2253,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2008,2/23/2008,53,28,11,3,3>New to the neighborhood and just in from a long flight, my beautiful wife suggested we get out for a nightcap. Welcome to Blake's, where on a Monday night you can enjoy a full drag show! Not only a drag show but a drag show where one of the queens even played the violin, now that's something special. I have to wonder, do they have drag shows every night? The bartenders were friendly, and the bar reminded me a little of cheers, gay cheers, where everyone knows your name. Well not my name, I just got here.
<review# 2254,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2008,2/22/2008,41,17,1,4,5>So my husband and I have fairly different ideas about what is considered a good meal. Trying to find a place where we can both eat and one doen't leave either grumpy or still hungry can be a challenge. The EARL is one place we can usually both eat our fill and leave pleased. I know, most people think of the EARL as a bar and music venue, but husband swears this is one of the best patty melts in the city, while my little vegetarian self is never let down between a more-than-serviceable black bean burger, the tofu-veggie pita wrap and the nachos which more closely resemble a salad (as long as you get the black bean version anyway, the chili version will make any meat-lover quite happy). Oh, and their salads actually look like salads too, they don't skimp on the good stuff or load you up with iceberg. I've spent countless hot summer days on their patio with a PBR in one hand and a spoonful of that cucumber/tomato/onion salad in the other. Great way to beat the heat.This is also one of the few places we can both leave stuffed (possibly toting a to-go box) for under 25$ (sans tip).If you've only been there to drink and hear bands, that's great, but you're missing out on one of the things they do best... cook!
<review# 2255,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2008,2/21/2008,225,256,5,14,12>Lunch at Bacchanalia: gorgeous. Sunday Champagne Brunch at the Ritz-Carlton: divine. Dinner at F2O: tasty-luscious sandwiches. Don't miss Murphy's on weekends. Have a beer at El Myr before that cool show at the Variety...yes, unforgettable experiences. I've enjoyed the trend, the taste, the fun...But when it comes to ease all the pains of homesickness, I turn to La Casona. This is one of the few restaurants that warm my heart like food back home does. All current culinary trends cease to mean anything to me when I step inside this place. When I go there I get  to lick my plate clean and use "mmmmmm" as a neverending mental mantra. This is the place that brings closer to this Caribbean gal a corner of the world I miss so much. It reminds me of its kitchens and flavors.Let me introduce you to La Casona, a delicious Colombian restaurant. It's located where Buford Highway meets I-285. Even though a sign on a side hill says "taqueria-baile-billar," it doesn't offer any of these. Once you go through the ordeals of finding a place to park, you'll be nicely greeted by several polite, pleasant maitres and waitresses in their oh! beautiful, caressing Colombian accent. You'll be seated promptly and the waitress in charge of you is going to ask you "mi amor, que te traigo de tomar?" (Dear, what can I get you to drink?)Juices can be made in water or milk, and options include guanabana, mango, guava, passion fruit, tamarind and berries. I always ask for a creamy, succulent and slightly acid "guanabana en leche" (soursop milkshake). Then I order my appetizer right away: Tostones en Hogao. Tostones are flat mashed plantains fried to a crispy point. The Hogao sauce is similar to a Mexican salsa. Together, they make a fantastic concoction of flavors and crunchiness that after many years still makes me sigh with pleasure.For those who are empanadas lovers, this is your paradise, your Love Boat, your Fantasy Island. Yes, YES! These ARE good...you'll fall in love, TRY them!I can tell you that you will end up daydreaming about the food. That's why the waitress will let you have a couple more minutes so you can rack your brain over what to have. While you read over the menu, you might look around to find yourself in a very cozy ambiance. One of the things I like about this restaurant is that is family oriented, even though you'll always find that group of gallant, suave Colombian peeps eyeballing the pretty ladies around, some lovey-dovey couples, and people dining by themselves.There are plenty of entrees to choose from three categories: meats (carnes), seafood (comida del mar) and the ones I have never had, pastas (I heard they're OK, and perfect for kids). ALERT, ALERT! If you're the kind that loves eating light and fat-free, this is not your place. These plates are hefty and deliciously rich, and served with insane amounts of sides. My all-time favorite at La Casona is the famous, celebrated all-Colombian tasting-plate Bandeja Paisa (mini or regular, which for this plate translates to huge and enormous). This dish includes rice, red beans, chicharron (fried pork-meat strips with crunchy skin), a medium, thin piece of juicy beef, one sunny-side up egg, arepa, avocado, and plantains...delicioso! My second favorite is their wonderful "Arroz con Pollo" (rice and chicken). When I order it for lunch, I close my eyes while I'm eating and I feel like I'm sitting at my parents' dining room in Caracas on a Sunday afternoon. *Tear*Weekend and daily specials are worth a try. I'm not crazy about the "Lengua a la Criolla o a la Plancha" (creole or grilled tongue) because I've never been fond of this meat's texture. I've tried the "Higado Encebollado" (liver with Colombian-style onions) and it's fantastic and masterly-well cooked. Stews and soups are excellent. I have a friend that kills for the "Mondongo" (tripe soup). I've had the marvelous "Ajiaco Santafereo", a magical mixture of tender chicken, and different kinds of Colombian potatoes and peas. It's a monumental soup that should be eaten with calmness, breathing after each spoonful of wonder, as a ritual. They also offer hen soup, richly combined with several veggies. These two are the ULTIMATE remedy for a hangover. If you have a Colombian-Caribbean soup, you don't need electrolytes to come to life again!Strangely enough, I have never had dessert here. I usually devour the small side of "Arroz con Leche" they bring you with your silverware and my sweet tooth feels satisfied. Sometimes I crave a little pus cafe, that sinful Devil Water...if you're over 21 and not driving, you might want to ask your nice waitress for a shot of  "Aguardiente".After all this fiesta culinaria, make sure you can go back home and rest. You'll be dreaming about this meal. I do. I close my eyes with my tummy full of happiness and my heart filled with love for all what ties me to my cherished culture.
<review# 2256,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2008,2/20/2008,216,175,11,4,6>The first time I came here, I swore the cashier was trying to hit on me by giving me a double burger instead of the regular one.  I've since learned that they do that for everyone, and am stunned by the size of the burgers.Everything is incredibly fresh here, to the point where they tell you where today's potatoes came from.  Quite cute.  The only thing Five Guys really needs is a great milkshake.  That would go soooo great with the burger, hot dogs, and fries.
<review# 2257,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2008,2/19/2008,29,94,12,8,8>Had a "boys morning out" with my two year old son today.  We rode the choo choo train (MARTA) to Decatur and walked around the square.  As it was almost lunchtime and my son wanted "apple juice and cheese daddy, apple juice and cheese",  we walked into Sweet Melissa's and seated ourselves.  Immediately we were greeted by two or three of the very friendly staff - wow, I am not in southeast Atlanta anymore.  Then I noticed all of the thirtysomethings with small children and girl-girl couples of all ages seated around us - ah, definitely Decatur.  Decatur is what happens when Cabbagetown grows up, gets married to Emory and learns some good manners.  I like it.The restaurant space is clean and warm (earthy colors floor to ceiling) if not somewhat whimsical (wire art with Christmas ornaments hanging from the ceiling).  The brunch menu is your basic array of Southernesque staples (grits, omelets, bacon, sausage, pancakes, more grits) that arrive cooked properly, quickly and in large quantity.  My yogurt pancakes were fluffy and moist.  My son's grilled cheese and apple juice were to his liking ("good cheese daddy" - actually it was good cheese, proper shredded cheddar melted on buttery bread - no american singles here).  The service was VERY friendly, attentive and competent - people who actually know how to wait on a table and seem to understand that the customers are the ONLY reason a restaurant is successful.  Take heed Radial et al.  This is how it's done.
<review# 2258,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2008,2/18/2008,143,30,6,4,7>If there wasn't a danger of me turning into a big, fat roly poly... I would totally down one of these AT LEAST once a week... (ok, once a day.)  But of course, there's more to it than that... how silly!  Like I'd be that shallow to focus on the physical traits...  Let's start again:If there wasn't any danger of me keeling over from a heart attack, I would totally gorge out at Five Guys every day.  It's yummilicious goodness all wrapped up in two sizes:  little or regular.  Summed up, these burgers will make your mouth water just thinking of 'em, and what's even sadder is we just came back from eating there.  That's how bad they'll getcha!
<review# 2259,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2008,2/17/2008,215,493,6,8,7>Review #100 is for 300!  300 Atlanta Bowling, that is.  We came here after being summarily dismissed at another bowling alley which was more "in-town" (I won't name names here but I did write a review of this other place).  After being so harshly rejected, we were desperately seeking a place to bowl.  So, when we entered 300 Atlanta Bowling and learned there would be a wait of more than an hour, we were just happy to be accepted.  We put our name on the list and gave them a cell phone number so they could call us when our lane was available (NOTE: bring cell phone with you when you come here).Our wait turned out to be a little over two hours, which would have been a big deal if we had not discovered the bar inside 300 Atlanta Bowling.  They server pitchers of cheap beer at this bar (not cheap pitchers, mind you; cheap beer) so we sat down and ordered one.  During the course of our wait, we noticed several people ordering food - typical bar food like chicken fingers, burgers, fries, mozzarella sticks, etc. - but the food looked and smelled pretty good.  It looked much better than what I would typically expect from bowling food.  Also, during the course of our wait, the lights dimmed, the music got louder and the whole place got more crowded.  (NOTE: There are no video games or pool or anything to occupy you while you wait; this means no photo hunt, as well!)We finally got our lane, shoes and bowling balls and these were all fine except that they were low on balls that night and the one I got did not quite fit my fingers correctly.  Fortunately, there were 6 ladies bowling on the adjoining lane to ours and they let me use any of their bowling balls that I wanted.  They were also dancing and were very fun.  As the night went on, the whole place seemed to be transforming into a nightclub.  This was further evidenced when we left and saw people lined up behind the velvet rope to get in - clearly people were coming here without the intention to bowl.The whole bowling experience was pretty fun.  At the lanes, you get a server who brings you more pitchers (or other drinks) and food.  When I requested water, she even brought me a pitcher of water.  We ordered only a few appetizers (spinach and artichoke dip, mozzarella sticks) but they were actually pretty decent.  When we finished bowling, all our lane fees, shoe rental fees, and drink and food charges were on one bill and we paid our waitress - this was very convenient.  The only really bad thing about this visit was that, after waiting for 2+ hours for our lane, we did not want to give it up so we kept bowling.  I bowled five games, which is more games than I have ever bowled in a row in my life, and I cannot believe how sore I am!  The next day it was not too bad but two days later, when I stepped out of bed in the morning, I fell over.  I could hardly walk all day!
<review# 2260,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2007,2/16/2008,352,299,3,8,6>Gruby's is the reason I look forward to doctor appointments.  It's located just down the street from the offices of the several medical geniuses I visit on occasion.  A trip to the doctor ensures me a piece of real, New York cheesecake -- the rich, luscious type that requires the devotion of time to fully enjoy its level of holiness.Breakfast all day.  All of my favorite deli staples.  An extremely friendly staff.  And cheesecake.
<review# 2261,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/12/2008,2/14/2008,196,345,4,10,7>Oooh, another somewhat controversial and heavily reviewed place. I love adding my two cents to these debates. I like, Miss S., wish I could give 3.5 stars, because I liked the food. But I can't quite justify 4, so 3 it is.A quick primer on the slightly sophisticated mongolian bbq concept. You sit down and are handed a little wooden paddle with a number on it (that's your table number, btw). You write your name on the paddle. You take the paddle into a line, choose raw stuff to put in a bowl from a massive selection of ingredients, add flavoring. Stick your paddle in, set it on the grill, and go back to your table. Someone will bring the bowl to your table an indeterminate number of minutes later, and will shout the name on the paddle to figure out to whom the bowl belongs. Then, you "chow," as it were. Repeat until nauseous or pants become uncomfortable.I went with a large group on a Tuesday night. They would not seat us until we had all arrived, which to me makes less sense in a buffet or mongolian bbq type setting. I was rather put off upon walking in - I didn't like how trendy it tried to be, and how noisy and slamming it was. The concepts of being in a hip club and smorgasbord don't mesh well in my head. Additionally, mongolian bbq style is generally not my favorite. Then, the line was insanely long. Literally 10-15 minutes. And what do you do with your purse? Seems strange to have to bring it with you, yet you don't want to leave it sitting out for anyone to grab. On my third trip at about 9:30 PM, the crowd had thinned considerably.I started to cheer up once I got to the action. They'll cook vegetarian stuff in a separate wok?! COOL! And OMG LOOK AT ALL THIS STUFF! Eggplant?! Ramen noodles? Pineapple? Whole eggs? Sauces AND spices AND oils?! My combinations turned out pretty well, too. Loved the peanut sauce and the curry, the pesto thing not so much, but worth a try. The main problem was a sensory overload - I kept forgetting things I had wanted to throw in there. Service was strange. There was no telling when the food would arrive, and even if you stood next to someone in line, their meal might arrive ten minutes before yours. The people bringing the food wouldn't shout the names loud enough, so we'd have to ask them to repeat several times. One member of our party received meat that was cold in the center, and he sent it back. There were other issues with food taking forever to arrive, etc. I will say that we received complimentary chocolate covered strawberries for our trouble, and those were very good.Speaking of service, they charged our group 18% gratuity. Normally this practice is never something I would object to, but at a buffet-type place? Really? If I have to spend 1/3 of my dining experience in a ridiculous line, I better not be *forced* to tip you as if I were in a regular sit-down place. Bottom line: if I am going to eat mongolian bbq, it is definitely going to be this. The selection is appetizing, and the experience is FUN. But for me, the chaos is a little much to handle on a regular basis.
<review# 2262,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2008,2/13/2008,36,58,4,1,3>Ummmm forgive me for being slow, I thought this place was strictly a Mexican establishment up until the day I actually went. Sorry about that! But since that's what I thought, I ordered Mexican food. The Pepper Jack Burrito with black beans. Excellente. Watched Michigan STOMP Florida...what a great feeling. Screaming, yelling, cheering Wolverine fans...quiet, mad, salty Gator fans.Loved it.**Shout-out to our waiter, Matt. (Kept the sweet tea flowin' and he hates Florida fans)
<review# 2263,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2007,2/12/2008,229,283,,5,6>Dark! Pitch Black Darkness!I showed up late to an independent student film screening here last weekend and I felt like I walked into a black hole. I stood at the back of the theater for about 15 minutes waiting for either my eyes to adjust of for the film to brighten up. Neither happened and I ended up stumbling over the seats and into people's laps till I eventually hit an empty seat and sat down in the very worn, no reclining action, no cup holder seat.This urban, older theater is nestled amongst bars and restaurants and coffee shops in a shopping center. You would have never guessed it existed - no bright neon lit signs to show you the way. The parking lot is always packed! Allow yourself at least 10 minutes to find a spot, seriously!But somehow, the movies never sell out. Perhaps its because most of the films shown are independent or foreign. They also do special screenings of cult films like The Clockwork Orange where people really did dress like the gang all in white with walking sticks and hats and everything! The audience is definitely receptive of the films, everyone cheers and claps and laughs regardless of how much of a hit the movies is.So if you want to go out to the movies but want to avoid the packed crowds, neon in your face lights, and stadium seating, scooter over to Midtown Arts and enjoy a off the beaten track film - you may become a trend setter.
<review# 2264,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2008,2/10/2008,78,71,12,8,4>I left Carter's with the worst case of "Itis"I have ever experienced in my life. For those of you who don't know what itis is, it is the drowsy sleepy feeling you get after eating a large meal. Usual meals like big Sunday dinners, Thanksgiving and Christmas meals.As a connoisseur of Southern food, i have to say it, this palace of fried foods is heaven to a southerner. I had the turkey and dressing, lots of gravy, collard greens mac and cheese and don't forget the cranberry sauce. Just like momma makes it: ) MM MMm m Good....Who says you can't have thanksgiving twice a year?
<review# 2265,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/3/2007,2/9/2008,63,63,3,9,7>YUM!  This food service makes me feel like a star (and look like one).  This meal delivery service was created by the man who opened Murphy's in the Highlands.  The food is phenomenal.  My first week everything that cam I said to my roomate "You've got to try this!"  They come in different packages 1200 calories, and 1700 and in a five day or seven day plan.  They also deliver to your house but even more appealing, they probably deliver to your gym, forcing you in there to workout.  I mean I hate to sound like Kirstie Alley here but I can eat Pasta, French Toast (amazing), BBQ sandwiches and all kinds of delicious meals that they offer.  YUMMY.  One recommendation I noticed that all the meals had kind of the same after taste and then I started putting them on a plate rather than microwaving them in the container and they tasted better.  I think that something about the container makes the food taste weird if you microwave it in there.  Also I freeze the meals that I don't eat for later.  I don't think they recommend it but I'm still alive.    The food may seem expensive because you are paying for a months worth of food all at once but I don't think it is that bad.  When I am cooking for myself, healthy food I usually spend about 110 bucks a week and usually go out to eat in that week.  So I figure its about $130 a week for food that is professionally prepared and delivered and helping me get skinny.  Definitely worth the extra $80 a month.
<review# 2266,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2008,2/8/2008,147,260,1,3,2>Hyeon and I dined here last December for our one-year anniversary.  Among all the restaurants in the area, we chose to dine at Atlanta Grill simply because we stayed at the Ritz-Carlton hotel that night (Convenient much?)  We made a reservation from our room - for a time that was only 15 minutes away - and just went down.  The seating hostess greeted us by our name (I still don't really know how she recognized us..) and promptly seated us.Our waiter provided helpful and professional service, but not a friendly one.  Perhaps he was sick and jealous of our PDA?  I don't know what was eating him, but we ordered Salmon and a filet of Kobe beef.  I was feeling not-so-hot about my salmon, but I was deeply in love with the Kobe beef dish.  Served with a fine piece of foie gras, the Kobe beef blew me away.  Many know that Kobe beef is the cream of the crop, but oh man, this was too good to be true.  This tender beef literally melted in my mouth!  The chef really knew how to prepare this precious meat to perfection.  I would recommend this dish to anyone; this is a must-have!  Yes, it is a bit more expensive than other dishes, but it's worth every penny.Judging by their chic and fancy interior, this place could easily be an ideal business meeting place.  (Bald or gray-haired guys in full-suits with their juicy steaks.. go figure).  Yet, the live jazz band and candle by the table suggests this restaurant to be more romantic. Hence great for every occasion!  But I really wouldn't recommend bringing your kids here unless they appreciate a fine cut of filet mignon.  Same goes to vegetarians.  This place is your typical "grill," also known as "steakhouse."  If you eat seafood, then you should be okay, but keep in mind that their specialty is meat.
<review# 2267,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2008,2/7/2008,17,24,12,5,6>I want to give this place a 3 or 4 stars due to the shaky service. Working in establishments where you're interacting with people, you would think SOME ONE would put a smile on there face. Everyone couldn't be having a bad day, everyday, can they? BUT!...let's get real here, this is Krispy Kreme were talking about. WHO CARES who's working there? The "Hot" sign is on and I'm coming in. A hippo and chimp could be working the register and I wouldnt care. Just put some gloves on, pick my dozen glazed directly from the line and keep it moving.  I'm a southerner true to the core, as long as I can remember Krispy Kreme was THE doughnut spot everyone went to. I never had Dunkin Doughnuts until I was the age of 24 or 25 working in an office where someone brought them in. It's not even close in my opinion; K-K is king and always will be. You ever had to bring in a box of Krispy Kreme for the office but by the time you get there, you've already killed 4 of them? Now you have 8 left to share with 9 people? Yeah, I've been known to do that. It's no secret around my office that "this guy" is not the one to trust when ordering Krisy Kreme.
<review# 2268,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2007,2/6/2008,63,63,12,13,7>It requires commitment to experience the amazingness that is the Bankhead Seafood. I'm never exactly sure when it will be open, though it generally seems like Wednesday through Saturday between about 11am and 5pm are a decent bet. Sometimes they are open on Tuesdays. Sometimes it seems to be closed for a couple of weeks.There must be a neighborhood phone tree that alerts everyone when they open, however, because the place is ALWAYS packed. The line is long, and it moves slowly since the ladies who own it prepare the food as they take the orders. Recently, it seems like they may have gotten someone to help at the counter, though I think they still keep the cash in a shoebox in the back. Don't be alarmed if the cashier takes your $20 to the back to bring back your change.Folks seem to come from far and wide to taste the fried fish here which is both cheap and plentiful. My husband and I can eat *at least* two meals from just one of their fish plates. Basically, they take one of those standard white styrofoam take-out containers, fill up both sides with heaping portions of fried whiting and then smash it shut. One of these plates is about $4. You can choose to get fries, I think, but who needs fries when you can get greasy, delicious fried fish? The hushpuppies are worth it, though. There is a sign outside that implies that they also sell sweet potato pies, but what everyone walks out of there with is fish, and lots of it. I'm not a big fan of cole slaw, so I can't speak to the quality of theirs, but I can say that these dear ladies also, quite brilliantly, have bottles of hot sauce available to purchase at the counter right along with your fish.So, live dangerously. Come over to the westside, and check out the one and only Bankhead Seafood. It's a neighborhood institution for a reason! Dieters and those with high cholesterol need not apply. ;)
<review# 2269,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2008,2/5/2008,119,243,7,9,5>Maybe it's a little weird for a guy to write a review of a wedding dress boutique? Well, no matter, because I have an opinion on the place, regardless, and hey, I'm gay, so that practically means you are dying to hear my take on the dresses, right?Well, let me start by saying this: I have never been wedding dress shopping before my friend brought me along to find her the perfect dress. I have heard that it can be fun, and I was hoping that our experience would be good. When we walked into the shop, we were greeted by Kelly herself, and instantly, she was friendly, and amazingly personable for someone who didn't know us at all.She gave us a quick rundown of how the shop was organized, and told us some tidbits about the dresses (like that some things could be changed on some of them if we didn't like them), and then did something impressive; she backed off, and let us just browse the shop. While we walked through the shop and browsed the dresses, we made jokes about some of the styles, and I honestly was worried about Kelly overhearing, but she had witty quips of her own to add; she was so friendly, and amazing, that the experience started off, and went well throughout.My friend tried on several dresses, and because I am male, I waited in the main area while she was changing, and the other shop/wedding dress fitter (?) was talkative and very nice. We talked about the dresses, and everything was wonderful. The absolute best, most standout part of the experience, and one that I am sure Kelly is known for, and keeps the busniess RUNNING her way, was how she was not fixated on the price of the dresses; she wanted my friend to find the dress she wanted, in the price range she was looking for. Kelly didn't pressure her into anything; she wasn't throwing clothes over the dressing room door, in the way that they can do at many clothing stores, and was instead, very attentive to my friend's needs. I was majorly impressed by her business style, and I can tell you, that if I was a woman, and in need of a wedding dress, I would want to get it here.This place is a gem of a shop, located in the cute little strip in Candler Park. If you are in need of a dress for a wedding, you should definitely check this place, because the worst thing that could happen, is that you have a great experience looking at dresses. HIGHLY recommended.
<review# 2270,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2007,2/4/2008,0,0,1,6,6>Wow!  Another great concept from the Fifth Group!!!  I'm sure you have read some of my other reviews on them, and this place didn't disappointment me.  I am somewhat surprised that it has taken me this long to eat here, but I have to be in a real mood for Italian food (gotta watch those carbs!)The Scallop appetizer was outstanding!  Three nice, large scallops seared and served over polenta with sauteed spinach!  Then I had a cheese and spinach ravioli served in a lemon butter sauce....outstanding!The service was to die for!  Our waitress was the best I've had in a very long time (If you go here, her name is Kellie).  Also, they have a very extensive wine list, including ports and dessert wines!  OHHHHHH...and let's not forget the desserts!  They brought us out a sampler because it was my father's birthday and he does business with Fifth Group, and all I have to say is I had to have someone take away my spoon!!!!  They were so good!Only reason I'm not giving it five stars is that the place is somewhat pricey for what you get.  The portions are small for the cost.  Other than that, a great place to dine!Hint...if you park right across the street, by the Wachovia Bank (valet), La Tavola will stamp your valet ticket and it's free.  Don't forget though, because if you don't get it stamped, it's 20 bucks!  OUCH!
<review# 2271,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2008,2/3/2008,146,106,1,3,2>Why this place deserves a 4...maybe a 5 in timeIts all around very ideal sprts bar.I love the matches with their therapy method suggestions..Is hilarious if you overlooked it.. I wont give it away,but rather use it as an additional incentive when you go...and I dont smoke..just to clarifySoo!The food is very good all around,but the thing that makes this place noteworthy is the tater tots!It is the perfect greasy lil fill in when one has been at the bar maybe a wee bit longer than they should.They give you a gigantic plate full,enough to share for fouror two really hungry drunkards hahaGood service,nice bar,i like!just to note the pic used is not for this location,dont go getting lost ;)
<review# 2272,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2008,2/2/2008,216,382,2,4,4>Darn tasty burgers! I had the King burger, 1/2 lb of goodness that was every bit as tasty as a burger from Five Guys! The burger patty was seasoned nicely, and the ingredients and bun tasted fresh and delicious. I had mine with everything except mayo, so I did get the full complement of ingredients.The restaurant was clean and the service was fine. They aren't near as fast as a McD's or BK, but that's because they don't start cooking your burger until you order it... it never sits under a heat lamp.The fries werern't my favorite, but I LOVED that they offer both skinny fries and fat fries. Everyone with any taste knows that skinny fries just taste better! ;) I'd consider coming back here if I were in the area. Five Guys is just as good though, so its a toss up.
<review# 2273,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2008,2/1/2008,192,123,2,4,5>'Girls Day Out' in the Highlands, started with Brunch. We arrive to a 20 minute wait (which was annoying because this place was freakishly crowded for a snowy Saturday). Things turned around as soon as we were seated. We ended up with a nice seat near the window (great for people watching). The waiter was extremely nice, making sure everything was going well. I had an omelet with hash browns, which was amazing. For the food portions the price seems reasonable. A girls day can't be official without a 'Mimosa' which was also AMAZING.I had a great time, the only complaint is the entrance isn't big enough to hold the amount of people that choose to wait for a table, but there is a nice atmosphere here. The waiters and hostess were both pleasant and the food is great, especially the homemade biscuits =)
<review# 2274,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2008,1/31/2008,94,110,3,6,5>It was bitterly cold outside.  Snow was on the ground.  The mister and I were craving some good, hot Chinese food and we were wandering around a shopping center trying to find this Frank Ma's place we'd heard about... and we weren't having any luck.  We decided some Chinese food was better than no Chinese food, and warmth was much preferred to the cold, and so resolved to give up our search and duck into a place called DinHo.  The restaurant was warm.  It smelled good.  Hot tea was immediately brought to the table.  Things were looking up!  And, surpise, we managed to find the right place after all!  It must be that internal Chinese food radar of ours.  Or Kuan Yin in her infinite mercy.  Or just plain dumb luck.  Don't let that DinHo sign fool you, this is indeed Frank Ma's.  I had my all-time favorite, hongshao qiezi (eggplant braised in soy sauce).  The texture was perfect- soft but not too mushy.  The sauce was great, too... not too salty, not too oily.  It didn't have the sweet undertone that the dish sometimes has, but the flavor was balanced and my taste buds were happy.  The egg and chive pancake was perfect, too.  The color contrast is amazing, and it's stuffed full of green goodness, rice noodles, and bits of scrambled egg.  But it's not just the food that makes this place great.  It's the people!  Amy and our waitress made sure the teapot was never empty.  Frank the Friendly was greeting patrons left and right- what a popular guy!   We had a nice chat about Beijing (I spent a semester there 5 years ago), he grew up nearby.  He introduced one of his guest to me...I'm not sure why, but perhaps because a white girl speaking Chinese is an oddity, and most Chinese people are extraordinarly enthusiastic and complimentary at my attempts to master Mandarin.  When we finally finished eating, I didn't want to leave.  I felt like I could hang out there drinking tea all day, sampling the menu and watching Taiwanese news on the big screen TV.  Frank Ma's feels comfortable, familiar...like my grandma's house.  And just like my grandma's house, you know you're in for a great meal.
<review# 2275,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2008,1/30/2008,113,103,4,5,6>Beleza is one of my favorite restaurants. I love the forbidden rice. Sometimes I order one and then another and another..but three is my max =)The dishes vary a little bit depending on who's cooking that night. There have been nights when the food was fantastic and I left post-orgasm from dining and there have been a few times when the food was tasty but 3.5 stars good. I do appreciate that they have come up with some great beverage concoctions. I never knew there was organic vodka until I saw it on the menu at Beleza. Still one of my favorite trendy, health-inspired cuisine restaurants.
<review# 2276,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2008,1/29/2008,798,530,3,4,5>This is a wee little place, and one of the main things going for it, as other yelpers have mentioned, is the extremely nice owner and crowd. Rufus made the rounds to the tables and just seemed like a straight up nice guy. Russell J hits the review on the head with the mixed crowd and Ryan the Realtor trivia comments - it's really hard to pinpoint a demographic here, because there really isn't anything that all the clients have in common except for a need for a beer and a laid back attitude. Extra points for the mini parking lot - finding a spot is easy if you get there on the early side of the evening. I was surprised that the food was actually really good - you can tell that it's not simply a second thought here to the drinks. I got a salad and was half anticipating a wilted lettuce concoction with a few cheese crumbles, but it was all fresh, with tasty chicken and bacon to boot. The homemade potato chips also mucho recommended. It seemed like our server was the only guy making the rounds, and the entire patio was packed out - meaning he was really hard to pinpoint and get a drink order in. Thankfully though he split our table's (um, of twelve) checks without too much grief. If you need a beer ASAP, just go to the bar instead. Sign on ladies restroom door: "No men allowed. Any men caught using this restroom must buy the entire bar a round of drinks." They're not messing around here, folks.
<review# 2277,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2007,1/26/2008,22,49,,7,4>I'm really into good hummus, baba ghanoush, olives . . . and I think Ali Baba on Euclid is fantastic.  The falafel wrap is just heavenly.  It's huge and has all the right flavours.  You can choose between yogurt sauce or tahini, hot or mild sauce.  Either way you can't go wrong.  The stuffed grape leaves are quite good, as well as the hummus and tabouli.  I'll be going back to sample the baba ghanoush and the pistachio Baklava pinwheels!  Order at the front, good prices and combo options, 'outdoor seating' (that may belong to the adjacent coffee house - not sure).  Either way, it's fun to sit outside and revel in the alley-chic.
<review# 2278,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2008,1/25/2008,458,1067,2,5,4>I love Delta, although that seems to be the unpopular stance in this group of reviews that are best summarized as "you either love it, or hate it."  I love it!  That is partly because I live in Atlanta and they are unbelievably convenient as flights to anywhere in the world are almost literally going to and from Atlanta every hour.  Trust me, I have missed a few flights (I had a friend once tell me that she never knew anyone to miss more planes).  Using their Same Day Confirmation it's an easy fix, even though they raised the fee from $25 to $50 without notice a few months ago.I can see where someone who's starting point or final destination isn't Atlanta would have had some trouble when booking alternate travel times.  Please keep in mind a few things:1.  No one really likes the process that is "modern-day" air travel.  There are lots of regulations, getting to the airport can be stressful, navigating different airports can be stressful, and being in an unfamiliar city can feel intimidating.  When you couple that with a change in your plans the feeling gets worse.2. Luggage is designed to protect its contents.  If it comes back to you a little scratched (or completely torn up) then it did its job.  Yes, it's unfortunate, but how often do you throw a complete fit at your shoes when they finally tear up?  Or better yet, who do you blame for their demise?3. One minute late is still one minute late.  Sorry, but other people have places to go and there has to be a cut-off time.  I learned to accept this after being 3 minutes late to a flight last year.I'm not saying that every Delta flight I've taken was perfect, but I will say that the problems were not out of the norm for the airline industry.  As a matter of fact they could happen to any airline.  Delta probably has some bad employees and even with screening and training, it happens (I can think of 3 just off the top of my head that work for my company right now).Delta is different because they have gone to great lengths to improve your overall experience.  They have a terrific website that is easy to use and provides more services than most.  Check-in is very quick using their new (and ample) automated kiosks.  While in-flight they have creative food, beverage, and entertainment options that are either free or reasonably priced.  Their SkyMiles program is one of the best available and there are lots of ways to earn miles and they can be redeemed for things other than air travel if you don't normally fly much.Lastly, take a minute to familiarize yourself with Delta's booking and cancellation policy BEFORE buying your ticket (actually, do this anytime you purchase tickets on any airline).  Let's face it, things are going to happen and you should be prepared to deal within these preset limitations.Yay, Delta!
<review# 2279,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/16/2008,1/24/2008,120,167,13,10,8>Full disclosure:  I may not be Woofs' target audience.  Among other things, I don't even like sports!That said, it's a manly sports bar.   If I had to pick one adjective to describe the patrons, it'd be "burly".  Maybe I walked in on goatee night, but there was nary a metrosexual in sight.  My amaretto sour was good, even though they had to dig up the amaretto from whatever lonely shelf in the back it'd been consigned to.  Even better, the drinks weren't overpriced.There are some darts and a couple pool tables (with red felt, my favorite), but I was/am too uncoordinated to partake in such things.  Lots of smoking going on, so if your lungs are delicate, or you don't like your clothes/hair to smell like cigarettes, this might not be your kind of place.The women's bathroom is teeny tiny, as are the stalls, with saloon-style swinging doors on them.  And the seat was left up!  WTF?!  I'll cop to having invaded the men's room when the line was too long at certain venues, so I suppose turnabout is fair play.  But regardless of where you stand on the seat up/down argument, I think it's fair to expect the seat to be down in the ladies room.  Geez.Parking is "eh".  The lot in front is small, and no thanks to H&R Block deciding that three prime spots are theirs and theirs alone, even on a Sunday evening.  (Though I suppose my opinion of H&R B goes somewhere else.)  There's a larger parking area behind the strip mall area, if you want to drive around the block.
<review# 2280,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2007,1/23/2008,131,65,,4,4>Very good little sandwich shop but a little expensive.  The aroma is very enticing with mustard and maple undertones.  The decor is natural and warm with Vermont-origin products (syrup, mustard, pancake mix, etc) lining one wall.  A LCD TV is tuned to a news channel but it is too small and placed too high to do much more than annoy you when it catches your attention and you realize you cannot see what is displayed on it beyond moving pics.I had the ham and smoked cheddar special which came with chips and a drink for $7.00 before tax.  The sandwich was very tasty and was the best of its kind I have had. The chips were plentiful but seemed ordinary.  They also appeared to offer brews and wine.All in all, this is a very good little lunch shop and I will visit again to experience more of their sandwiches.
<review# 2281,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/8/2008,1/21/2008,193,304,16,6,5>Smoking a cigar while listening to good live band playing in an intimate atmosphere is very attractive in concept.  Especially for a big cigar smoker like myself.  On top of that, the martini is pretty good.  It would have been a winning lounge for me (Except for the big fish tank.  I was not a fan of that.).  However my experience with this place had been both strange and unsatisfactory, if funny in a woeful way.   It has put me off from going here.The experience involved being asked to take off my hat in order to enter, when I had been wearing it all evening all over town without a problem.  Followed by realizing they only stock a few cigar selections and charged a lot of money for it (you should bring your own).  This was then followed by being asked to dance (and, lord help me, agreeing to) with a woman rough in the face and haggard in demeanor, who seemed to be in her 50s and was in quite a mood to dance on long after I've had enough.  I found out later that she was in fact a he.  And that a group of transvestites regularly makes their rounds at the Beluga.  You laugh now, but this coulda been you!
<review# 2282,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/5/2008,1/20/2008,367,374,1,3,4>OK first off when I walked into this place i was delighted by the ambiance. So be it I was having dinner with a female companion, but we both agreed this place would be great for a date.  Our waiter Ernest was VERY nice and he recommended a descent wine.  The food was OK.." nothing to write home about" as Yuna would say. The food was a bit salty to me. I had the southern fried chicken, with mashed potatoes, some green beans and a gravy.  After the dinner I was extremely thirsty. I do not know if i was full from the food or the drinking of water.  For appetizers we had green fried tomatoes with goat cheese. I think this was actually darn good, and it had a great combo of sour and savory... the sourness of the green tomatoes made eating the fried (battered w/ breading of some sort and deep fried) w/ goat cheese duo , not overwhelming. You know how sometimes you eat something fried and you feel really sick? Well this won't do that to you.  I kind of wish I ordered the Jambalaya, now that I am home in bed and it's 11pm..heheh.. Will I go back to this joint? Most likely not, but it was a great experience.  By the way we came at 530pm, and by the time we left which was like 700pm, they had built up quite a crowd!So Overall Food experience was 3 starsI give this place a 5 for their waiter service and greeter. Nice bunch of friendly young folks. But the food was ehhh.. I kinda expected more since they were receiving so many 5 stars.
<review# 2283,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2008,1/19/2008,48,116,1,2,1>Great experience! My husband's company had their holiday party here and WWT was very accommodating. We had about 20 people and many of us had never been. We were in for a treat. We had a blast. The beer flowed quickly, the staff were all nice and the improv was hilarious. I left thinking, "we've gotta come here more often." So yeah, great place for a date and a group of friend. Enjoy!
<review# 2284,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/4/2008,1/18/2008,145,240,2,7,2>And for my 50th review: Ikea. I have a love/hate thing with Ikea. The selection of things is vast and the pricing is moderately inexpensive. I stray away from the upstairs confusing showroom and only shop downstairs for cheap "throwaway" items like hampers, organizing cabinets, silverware and shower curtains.Things I hate. The way they price their displays is stupid. Each individual drawer in a desk is priced out separately and then you have to dig through their inventory to find every piece you need. That REALLY pisses me off. Ikea is is set up like a maze as well, making you follow paths - One can never go in, pick out what they like, and go. You must follow the maze. Lastly, there is never any help out on the floor and when they are, help isn't the first word that comes to mind.Big-ups on the 50 cent hotdogs and great cinnamon rolls!
<review# 2285,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2008,1/17/2008,68,107,2,2,2>The best steak I have ever had. I ordered the peppercorn sauce as an add-on, but in hindsight I don't think it was necessary.The only reason Kevin Rathbun Steak doesn't get a 5 star from me is that it was overly dark, loud and the tables are too close together. The food was amazing.
<review# 2286,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2007,1/16/2008,15,63,,6,4>I honestly love this place, and I almost never go there after 1am.  Yep, it's old and greasy, and that's the way it's supposed to be.  If you get there before 10 or 11pm, their dinner options are also pretty darned good (best pork chops and chicken-fried steak in Atlanta in my opinion).  I've never had any rude service there, although I haven't been there when it's overrun with the non-sober.  The place ain't dirty... well, no worse than any other place you'd go to.  Other "nicer" restaurants just hide it better 'cause you can't see the kitchen, but the cocktail of germs, bacteria, etc. can be found anywhere you eat in the country.
<review# 2287,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2008,1/15/2008,527,87,3,7,7>Krikies! This place has COOL clothes! Very sophisticated and not that expensive either. Makes me wish I had my 30" waistline back, tho - those Europeans like to cut clothes THISCLOSE.  I go to the one in midtown and then jaunt over to Ecco for a cocktail afterwards in my smart  new duds.
<review# 2288,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2007,1/14/2008,33,32,,8,6>I think that with a lot of Atlanta's landmarks, it's easier to appreciate them fully when you have an understanding of their evolution, most especially "what they used to be".  Centennial Olympic Park basically used to be parking lots.  This is part of the reason why it is now so difficult to park downtown.  The lots were valuable real estate, and a place for Deadheads to gather when The Grateful Dead came to play at the Omni, but that's a whole other story.A good one though.  I used to do some of that "gathering" there myself back in the day, wandering up and down the aisles of parked microbuses and station wagons, dodging drugged out hippies holding up their index fingers and pleading, "I need a miracle".  Ah yes, those were fun times indeed.  People actually traveled for miles following that crazy original jam band, and camped out in those very parking lots for the three day tour of the Dead in Atlanta.  I merely bought tickets to the shows, usually through the band's mail order service, and headed downtown to see what goodies were for sale in the parking lots before going inside for the shows (I'd already gotten my miracle), you know, jewelry and veggie burritos and such (though there were a lot of things for sale).When the Olympics were announced as coming to our fine city, everything changed.  Rents skyrocketed (forcing me, for one, out to the exurbs), and a major gentrification project began, in every neighborhood, but most especially downtown.  Street people were told to find new streets, parking lots were ripped up, and Centennial Olympic Park, for example, was built.  Commemorative paving bricks, oddly enough, were sold to proud Atlantans wanting forever to be a part of the experience (yes, I happen to have TWO bricks in the park, but I always have to enter the office and use the brick finder to remember where they are!), and the place was paved with names and hearts and remembrances.I never thought I'd be a fan of the park, but I accept change, after a while, and Centennial Park is one of the best things to happen to a revitalized downtown Atlanta.  The Olympic Rings fountain is great fun (I even have a picture of me standing in it), as is watching the kids who play in it, the grassy areas are just grassy enough, and perfect for watching fireworks, or live music shows (I happened to be there the night of the bombing doing just that, watching a concert - thankfully I left before the bomb went off), and the memorial statues fitting.  It's a great mix of green space and mixed use park area, centrally located between CNN Center and the Aquarium, with restaurants (mostly fairly expensive and touristy) and mixed use (lots of mixing it up around this area) buildings surrounding.  Centennial Park is no NYC Central Park, by a longshot, nor even as green as Piedmont, but it's a nice place to hang out when the weather is nice, or to stroll through to see the lights display at the winter Holidays.  From parking lots that witnessed fun times for those Deadheads who can still remember, to a park that visitors and Atlantans both can enjoy and be somewhat proud of, it's one of my Best of Atlanta destinations.  Take the train to CNN Center, walk on over, and visit the Aquarium too, make a day of it.  You won't be sorry.
<review# 2289,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/28/2007,1/13/2008,3,4,2,4,4>Neat concept. Fill a bowl with rice and whatever veggies feel right, pick a sauce or 2, add fresh chicken, beef, etc, hand it over to the open kitchen staff, return to table and presto in a couple of minutes, custom stir fry returned to your table. Return for seconds if you have room.Tast y food, upbeat table service, and a terrific looking space. On the downside, the acoustics are a little buzzy, and I have had better calamari, but i think they are doing a whole lot really well right out of the gate.Will be back.
<review# 2290,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2007,1/12/2008,54,37,1,5,2>There's probably very little that remains to be said about the Atlanta Trader Vic's. Plan to attend on a Thursday night when Tongo Hiti is playing the main room. Mike Geier (Kingsized) and his musicians give the place added ambiance. Drop a dollar in their tip jar, it's good luck in the islands!I haven't been in a few months but they have a tradition of $4 Mai Tais on Thursday nights. CAUTION: the drinks at Trader Vic's are VERY strong and you WILL become VERY drunk VERY quickly if you aren't careful. Please consider how you plan to get home before you begin knocking 'em back. Fortunately, there's a hulking huge Hilton hotel right on top of Trader Vic's, so you could always get a room ;)The drinks are not cheap on most nights and the food is moderately priced, so it's easy to walk out with a bill over $30 just for yourself. They will validate your Hilton parking ticket if you purchase food, and possibly if you order drinks. Don't be shy about asking.Up until last year smoking was allowed inside at the bar, but no longer. A special outdoor patio has been established on the south side of Trader Vic's as a smoker's lounge/dining area.I recommend the Bongo Bongo soup, which is an oyster stew and spinach puree. Very rich and unusual. Their appetizer menu is great for dining in the bar. Ask your bartenders what they recommend as they know these drinks very well by now. Tell Joel that Captain Drew sent you!
<review# 2291,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2007,1/11/2008,21,38,,5,2>Cute, cute, cute!  This is a great upscale pastry cafe that opened just over a year ago.  It's a small space with a posh interior and intricately designed desserts.  I've been there a few times and have had the Petunia (a nutella flavored pastry), Black and White, and the apple tart.  I'd recommend the Petunia if you're into hazelnuts.  The desserts are all around $7, however I think they're big enough to share and if you go online and get on their mailing list, they always send 25% off coupons.  It's rarely ever crowded, which always scares me because I am afraid they're going to go out of business. The service here is outstanding.  There's also an event room upstairs, so while you're waiting for your cappuccino, check it out.  Kind of pricey to rent, but it would be an excellent unique and private party space for a small gathering.  Lastly, park in the garage on 8th Street and they'll validate your parking ticket!
<review# 2292,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2007,1/10/2008,688,73,1,4,5>Highland Bakery practically sits atop a bridge over Freedom Parkway in the Inman Park area. Healthy comfort food is always a bit tricky, and those who try generally fail in one area or the other. Unlike Radial Cafe, Highland Bakery gets it right on both accounts. Providing options for vegetarians and vegans, while also serving enough dead animals to satisfy omnivores.Not only do they have a great menu of dishes, the food taste really good. The omlettes are of good size, weight, and consistency. The pancakes, while different than your standard stack at IHOP, are 10 times more excellent. The ricotta pancakes are always mentioned, however I totally digg the sweet potato pancakes. They absolutely embody what a sweet potato pancake should taste like. Maintaining the integrity and texture of a pancake while fully delivering the flavor, smells and taste of sweet potatoes.Serving both breakfast and lunch, it's easy to forget that Highland Bakery is actually a bakery. Doing much of their own in house grinding and milling of grains used in their breads, Highland Bakery offers some awfully good and hearty loaves. While service is generally kind, even warm and recieving for the regulars, it tends to be just okay for everyone else. Your food will arrive in a speedy manner and you'll be taken care of, but unless you come in everyday, small talk isn't a skill the servers will use during your meal.I must warn you, I've only ever eaten breakfast at Highland Bakery and have never experienced having to wait for a table. However, for those who come later than 9-930 am on a weekend, be ready for an incredibly long wait. I've heard some horror stories. Not due to the service or the food, but due to the hordes of other people who are waiting to have brunch. The size of the space is suitable, it's the throngs of hungry people that set everything back.So get there earlier than later and eat as much as you'd like. Oh. The in-house grits are some of the best I've found here in Atlanta.
<review# 2293,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/25/2007,1/9/2008,245,510,1,7,3>I go for the galbi which is very tasty here, and a huge portion.  The galbi is basically short ribs (but cut differently) marinated in soy sauce, garlic and sugar.  Aside from the galbi there are many side dishes (called banchan) which is an assortment of kimchi, radishes, roots among other things that come with your meal (you can get "refills" if you choose).  You also typically get rice, soup, barley tea/water and some different hot sauces to use for your meat.  I know a lot of people suggest Hae Woon Dae and I guess this would be a good first choice as well for introduction, but Hae Woon Dae is overrated and there are many better Korean restaurants in the area (sooooooooorry Creative Loafing but you need to do better homework).Now...I'm a huge galbi fan so this is what I suggest but obviously there is so much more to try.  Tofu is big here as well.  This is in the Super H parking lot, first restaurant on the left if you are driving in through the front entrance.
<review# 2294,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/26/2007,1/8/2008,76,179,1,4,4>My hair and clothes smell like smoke right now because this was the only place open on Christmas Day and EVERYONE was there drinking and smoking. Have I ever told you I HATE  Atlanta's smoking policy!!! My cat won't even come near me right now.Anyway, my friends and I made reservations here for their Christmas Day turkey dinner.  My friends at work had a look of pity in their eyes when they asked what I was doing on Christmas and I answered that I was going to dinner with some friends and not family.  But phooey on them!  I am so glad we went because I enjoyed the traditional meal with all the fixings  - and even pie.  It wasn't exactly home cooked turkey, but pretty close. I was stuffed just as I would've been if I went home for Christmas. After dinner we were able to leave the dining area and have drinks at the bar.  For a girl who doesn't drink beer, I found one I liked.  And everyone was singing along to several 80's faves like Journey, Bon Jovi, and Beastie Boys.  The music selection took me back!  Thank you, Atkins Park, for staying open and letting us single folk enjoy a nice Christmas dinner!
<review# 2295,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2007,1/7/2008,166,205,1,6,3>One couple speaking Mandarin and another speaking an eastern European language next to me; TLC, Johnny Cash, and Dido playing through the speakers; full menu and bar at 3 o'clock in the afternoon; free wifi on my Mac; and wait staff that leave you alone while you look busy on the computer when you are really just writing reviews for Yelp!Yeah, that's Apres Diem; I usually come here during the off hours (2p-4p) for a late lunch.  I usually get the hummus and a hefe.  This is a great mid afternoon spot to get a meal and some work done.Don't be fooled by the name....late midday is the best time for this place.
<review# 2296,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/26/2007,1/6/2008,15,3,5,3,3>things i like about brickstore:the arugula salad with goat cheesethe fact that they carry terrapin beerthe smell of theme park-woodhow you can cry while drinking for hours and no one noticesthings that i don't like about brickstore:the hand dryer in the bathroom; it  tried to sever my right handthat one particular waitress gave my friend a dirty look when she said, "is a lime the same thing as a twist?" -- i mean, it ain't the ritz.
<review# 2297,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2007,1/5/2008,227,316,1,10,7>I came to Run N Shoot to take an African Dance class with Giwayen Mata!  They are so good!  The group performs all over Atlanta.  When I got there, I was a little intimidated.  There was a drum circle and people dancing without their shoes on.  Nice!  I love dancing without shoes.  Then the instructors taught us the basic steps and we practiced for a while.  To top it off, we learned a routine and how to listen to drum breaks to know when to change moves!  It was great!  I was totally comfortable at the end.  Plus you don't have to be a member to take the class.  Just take $7 with you and you're in.Another bonus of the Run 'N Shoot is that there are several basketball courts.  At least 6.  I love basketball, and this would be a good place to hone my skills.  Anyone up for a pick up game?!?!  Message me.  I am also partial to this place because its in a neighborhood that is known for questionable activities and this place strives to make it different.
<review# 2298,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/23/2007,1/4/2008,343,405,3,3,4>I've been shopping at all the boutiques in the Virginia Highlands since I moved to Atlanta about 6 years ago.  One of my favorites is Mitzi and Romano's (III).  In this M&R store, they sell both men and women clothing and accessories.  I usually find a lot of great deals and one of a kind finds...plus the prices are very affordable!Guys...be sure to check out the sales rack first!  A couple of months ago, I purchased a pair of Seven Jeans for $99.00!  Other things to highlight:  Messenger Bags (specifically a red one by Lug), Hats/Caps, and the vintage college shirts (thanks for having Virginia Tech...need a size M though!).  They change items monthly and sometimes even carry ties, shoes, and watches.Girls...the winter jackets are what's "in" and check out some of the writing pads they are selling for those into diaries and doodling.  If you like the Little Miss books, they have the characters on t-shirts and have the most selection of characters available that I have ever seen.Special Tip - If you are in a time crunch, they offer free gift wrap...well actually a brown box with a color bow of your choice!  Still very uber hot!
<review# 2299,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/7/2007,1/3/2008,722,577,2,7,6>There is a huge cultural divide in how non-asians and asians deal with Karaoke (or don't deal with it, as it were).  The topic is definitely too large for a review on poor, unsuspecting Violet, so I'll finish off that aside by merely saying Violet doesn't bother trying to cater to anyone other than the asian market.That said, why does it get a three?  Smoky, dimly lit room with a bar at the back, small TV screens everywhere, couches, chairs and glossy wooden countertops make for a cosy kind of environment in which friends can cluster around, chatting and drinking the night away.  Smoking is permitted here, so the air is a bit ... thick with second hand smoke.  The alcohol selection is very limited -- though what it has will get the job done -- No real scotch selection -- beers are primarily domestic, you can definitely get Soju...  which may or may not be your cup of tea.  Non alcoholic beverages and mixed drinks are also available as well as requisite, insta-snack food.There are more cozy private rooms in the back, which are standard for Karaoke pads in asia.  These cost some money to rent and use -- but it's not pricey.The english song collection is not a priority here -- so expect the standards that get sung in Asia.  Additionally, in the main room, they have the capacity to play discs that customers bring, so -- that's always an option; provided you don't mind singing before "the masses".Mandarin, Cantonese, Taiwanese, Japanese and Korean songs are available -- but with less emphasis on Korean songs (It's a Taiwanese run establishment)The big draw here for me is the Traditional Characters.  Most of the other places I know in ATL use simplifiied characters primarily-- which means that if you cut your teeth on Traditional text, you might have issues.  In LA, HK, TPE, Tokyo -- this place might get a 2 star rating... But yet, the general friendliness of the staff, the fact that they've cornered the traditional chinese karaoke market in ATL, and the fact that it's open really, really late -- kick it up a star and a half.  But I've such an aversion to smoke -- that I've got to stick with a 3 star...Now bear in mind, I still intend to go again in a week or two...
<review# 2300,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2007,12/31/2007,43,410,2,5,2>Artuzzi's is a new quick service Italian restaurant chain founded by two former Moe's franchisees.  Thankfully they left behind the "Welcome to!" schtick and cutesy food names and instead concentrated on food quality, recipes, and customer service.  For under $10 you can eat a delicious, freshly prepared Italian meal in a pleasant atmosphere.  Artuzzi's keeps things simple with a selection of creative pizzas (but not too creative, sticking more to classic toppings--who needs salmon on pizza anyway?), excellent salads, and pastas.  A small complaint would be that the pasta is too far cooked from al dente for my taste, but perhaps this problem can be fixed upon request.  I have a feeling many more Artuzzi's will be popping up all over the place, food this good at prices this cheap is too good of a concept to stay in a small niche.
<review# 2301,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2007,12/30/2007,163,606,2,13,7>Mibarrio is really a family restaurant, to the point that there are babies in strollers next to the kitchen and lots of kids underfoot. But I don't mean that in a bad way, it really makes you feel like you're having dinner at someones house instead of in a restaurant.While Mibarrio has all the standard Mexican restaurant in the middle of the South dishes, you'd be well served to go off that well trodden path and try something a little more authentic. I loved the birria: think Mexican pot roast that's been cooking for hours and hours until the meat just falls apart. I ate every last bite and wanted more.I also really enjoyed the bowl of marinated cactus slices they gave us while the food was cooking. Lucky for me, my dinner compatriots only wanted the salsa so I got all the cactus to myself.Definitely worth a visit if you're tired of the same old same old at Mexican restaurants.
<review# 2302,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2007,12/29/2007,354,392,,4,2>This store (next to Stephan's) is a treasure trove of vintage 70's -80's  furniture and home accessories.  The prices are reasonable and negotiable.  You should definitely give this store a look!  The only problem is that it is only open Thursday through Sunday, so come during those times.  If you cannot make it during those times, the store Tease (which is next door) will let you in.  Go and check out the lime green couch, the atari, the tulip chairs, and other fun things you remembered from your childhood!
<review# 2303,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2007,12/28/2007,71,72,,4,1>Stats fills a much needed niche in the Atlanta sports bar world.  It seems the choices are either dives that call themselves a sports bar or you have the corporate chains that are clones of all their other locations.  It is multi-level with private rooms. They have a rooftop deck that will be wonderful in the spring.I met some fellow Yelpers on Thursday night.  No matter where you sit, you can watch the game without turning away from your friends.  As Eric S raved, the staff was terrific. Friendly, flirty and attractive waitresses are always a good thing!I had the fish tacos and they were terrific.  They came with fries, which seemed strange. Next time I will ask what other side I can substitute. The other dishes that I saw all looked and smelled great. Definitely want to get the nachos when I am there next.The taps at the table sounds like a better idea than it really is.  You only have the two choices (and since one was Budweiser - really only one choice. Luckily it was Harp).   There was the foam problem and the counter that shuts it down when it reaches a certain amount poured.  I feel this gimmick is just that - a gimmick that will get old.
<review# 2304,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2007,12/27/2007,787,655,4,9,3>What a great time I had!  I attended class with none other than my leasing agent at the time who suggested this place...So we took the Go-Go Stiletto's class.. which is basically dress how you want.. come prepared to dance.. but.. you guessed it.. wear your stiletto's/high heels.. etc... I've never really attended a dance class before... and especially one that didn't teach you the art of a lap dance.. but it was fun.. a little intimidating and uncomfortable at times ( i mean your shakin' your stuff in front of strangers) but fun... I'd be a fun time with a group of friends!
<review# 2305,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/27/2007,12/26/2007,96,234,2,2,2>This is apparently the only halfway decent station in Atlanta.  I had a rental car for almost a month, and in lieu of my CD player, I put the radio on scan for a good week before finally settling on this station.  I like all the old stuff, but they do tend to overplay some songs.  I heard Hey Jude about twice a day.  They really can't pick something else out of that huge era of music besides Hey Jude again?  They aren't excessive with commercials or chatty DJs, which is nice, but I had some trouble getting the station in some parts of the city.  I do enjoy getting to blast a little Kansas occasionally.  Carry on, my wayward sooooooooon!
<review# 2306,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/28/2007,12/24/2007,139,13,,5,4>A vegetarian friend and I were standing at the entrance to Artuzzi's, (where we had agreed to meet to grab dinner) and staring at the door.me: Wanna try something new?her: You read my mind.Hence our search for something "new." Not an easy task at the corner of Briarcliff and Lavista. Mellow Mushroom? Not a chance. Thai Chili? Just went yesterday. Pita Palace? Sketchy. Pizza Palace? Even Sketchier. So we walked across Lavista to explore the 2 shack-shaped restaurants on the other side. Number one was a strike. Wanna make someone laugh as if they've just heard the best joke ever? Walk into a place that serves Hawaiian BBQ and ask for something vegetarian.Next door looked more promising and and after a glance at the menu of diner-like options, it seemed doable. Only when we sat down and I read the menu in more detail did I realize it was a vegetarian place...how appropriate.Anyway, although this place looks super sketch, the food is actually not bad. I mean, I don't know if you're willing to go out of your way for "not bad," but it worked out for us.The Greek Salad was kind of a miss, but our mushroom fritter appetizer with wasabi sauce more than made up for it. The main dish was a pasta with pesto, tomatoes, cheese...overcooked, but still quite good and a huuuuge portion.At the end of the night,  I didn't regret skipping Artuzzi's, so I guess that's a good sign...
<review# 2307,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/5/2007,12/23/2007,9,32,13,10,5>Not since the episode of Friends' where Ross, Chandler, and Rachel try to take Ross's couch up the stairs has the word "pivot" been used so much.Apparently, I was sick when the rest of the kids in grade school were learning how to spin oneself around and thus properly learning to "pivot." Based on the other reviews I decided to try Unit 2 out.  Last night was my very first time in an "official" kickboxing class.  I walked in a bit cocky seeing as how Billy Blanks and I are close friends.  Who knew that a tape and an actual class would be so vastly different?Before I really get into the actual class, here's a rundown of the gym.It's a bit of a misnomer to call this place a "gym."  They should just call it"classes", b/c as the other reviewers have stated the cardio equipment(s) are nonexistent.  Perhaps the other reviewers were there when they had 2 or 3 cardio equipments but when I was there last night, I only saw one.  One lonely treadmill.  Yes, you read that correctly, 1 treadmill!  But the good news is that it seems to be free for most of the time and they have a huge weight room (perhaps to make up for the lack in treadmills).If you're looking for a place to look cute, work up a cute sweat in your Juicy Couture sweats (that's if people are still wearing those), then stick with the "big box" gyms.  However, if you're serious about getting into shape or martial arts, this is the place to go.  The membership rates are bit ridiculous, hence the three stars and not four or five. There are two sets of memberships depending on the full use of the gym which allows you to access to all the classes, such as the Brazillian Jiu-Jitsu, Muay Tahi, and Capoeira, plus the weight room and treadmill, or a limited use which means that you only have access to the kickboxing class along with the weight room.  Either way, the prices are double if not triple the cost of a Bally's or L.A. Fitness, but as I have stated this is a serious place.  Not that a novice should fear taking a class or two.  If I can, then anyone should.Now back to the actual kickboxing class.  I'll give you an update as soon as my ankles, tops of my feet and lower legs heal.  Like I said, I missed the spinning class in grade school so I've brusied my ankles and the tops of my feet rather than my shins.  I'm going to test out the other classes to see if it justifies the rates.  Perhaps after my bruises heal and my body stops aching, I'll give them another star.
<review# 2308,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/11/2007,12/21/2007,44,76,4,1,1>Hmmm.  Maybe it's because I didn't order a margarita.  Maybe it's because it was 3:30 in the afternoon and the kitchen was not staffed to it's fullest ability.  Maybe it's because I'm weird and I like my shrimp de-veined (because I know what those alleged "veins" really are).  Or maybe it's just because the food I ordered just wasn't very good.  But the shrimp fajitas that I got a) came with veins, and b) didn't come with cheese.  Not a great combo in my mind.  However, the chips and salsa were excellent.  And my companions said that their food was decent.  So, three stars.  Even though my shrimp made me finalize my decision to become a full vegetarian and not a fake fish-eating "vegetarian," who technically should actually refer to herself as a pescatarian.
<review# 2309,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/13/2007,12/20/2007,311,245,8,3,4>Okay, writing reviews about a bowling lane can be difficult, because when it comes down to it a bowling lane is really just...a bowling lane.  Here are some of the typical qualities or features that I think are universal of all Bowling Lanes:- tacky bowling shoes, which may give you a nasty foot disease if worn without socks. - a concession stand where you can buy nachos that will destroy your intestinal lining if an excessive amount is consumed.- a creepy 30 year old guy who works at the concession stand and flirts with the high school age girls (Dateline NBC: How to catch a predator)- A smokey bar area, where a bunch of sad individuals called "regulars" hang out and watch the PBA while they sing karaoke.- Sticky tables and seats everywhere.  Why is that?  - Urine all over the floors and walls in the guys bathroom, as a result of drunken bowlers I am guessing.-  Terrible music being played while you bowl like the Black Eyed Peas song "Lets get it started in here"Brunswick Zone did not necessarily encompass all of these qualities, but they definitely were guilty of some of them.Overall, I did have a pretty good time here.  Maybe it was the two pitchers of beer talking. What I liked the most at Brunswick Zone was their neon pin challenge:  if there is a neon pin at the front of the nine pin pyramid, and you roll a strike, then you receive a free game.  My girlfriend and I took advantage of this challenge, and won two free games.  This was possible mainly because we are both genetically equipped with superior athleticism and Jedi like bowling skills.
<review# 2310,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2007,12/17/2007,183,150,2,5,5>After reading the reviews it it clear...Ya'll Do Not Like MARTA. But I guess I have a different MARTA experience. I moved here from Los Angeles where public transportation is TRULY a joke! You are looking at a 2hr bus ride for a 10 mile trip. When I first relocated to Atlanta I lived in Dunwoody, I loved riding the MARTA to work (North Springs to Midtown) it gave me some time in the morning to check my blackberry and read the paper.  I also love riding the MARTA to the Underground bars when I have every intention of getting a little buzzed. My best MARTA experience was New Years Eve...a MARTA train filled with drunk happy people, you can't get that in Los Angeles! I don't care what anyone says...MARTA really is smarter!
<review# 2311,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2007,12/16/2007,26,42,4,3,2>Yeah I agree this place is pretty polarizing.  And you may or may not like the decor and constant techno music, but this place is still near and dear to me.  You can get sushi from countless numbers of places around the city.  You can pay anywhere from a dollar to four dollars a piece.  You can get it at swanky place in midtown and feel like you are eating a piece of art or in a quick takeout from a grocery store.  But how many places can you get all-you-can-eat sushi?  Exactly...  That is the beauty of Ru Sans.  If you are like me and cannot afford to pay for all the sushi you can eat (35+ pieces of Maguro Tuna), then there is no greater mecca of sushi craving than the lunch buffet a Ru Sans.  Any day of the week, and sometimes saturdays, you can pay around $11 and get let loose on all the sushi you can handle.  Now if you only like certain types of sushi and like to know what you are eating, then this may not be the place for you.  (They never have labels)  But if you are like me, and just love eating all kinds of sushi and need a fix for raw fish, then you will never complain about this place.  You can keep your ambiance-over-priced sushi, i just want mass quantites of the good stuff.  And don't let them catch you not eating the rice, you may never be let in again.
<review# 2312,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2007,12/15/2007,148,291,,4,3>WREK 91.1 is the other great listenable college station in Atlanta, in competition with GSU's 88.5. Though they aren't quite up to the level of renown as the other guy, they do a good job having a lineup of very different shows that feed your head in place of the big Atlanta blabbermouth crud purveyors.They do metal, experimental, dub, indie rock, and mostly in each outside even the more popular indie music, so you're very likely to be exposed to stuff you've never heard, if you're into that kind of thing.It's too bad they make the people at these stations play community announcements on the hour. It's usually about 5 minutes long and droning enough that anyone who's tuned in, tunes out.Still, if I have to listen to radio, it's this or 88.5, no question.
<review# 2313,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2007,12/14/2007,7,27,,3,2>This is the quintessential neighborhood pub.  It's owned by a couple cool cats that apparently live in the apartment upstairs.  It's tucked away near Castleberry Hill, it's almost hidden.  It's in this really cool stand alone brick two story building from another era.   It's super tiny, but it's just a great bar and a great place to go when you just want to get away from the "scene".  It's not fancy, a little divey, but full of character.  They have a limited menu that consists of deli sandwiches and salads.  I've been there with a couple different friends and both have proclaimed that their sandwich was the best sandwich they had ever put into their mouth.
<review# 2314,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2007,12/12/2007,25,69,,8,6>For a friend's b-day, she chose a special little place nestled amongst the peep shows and sex shops of Cheshire bridge...the old school Italian gem that is Nino's. Opened in 1968, it is Atlanta's oldest Italian restaurant.I loved it. I do not think I have been in a restaurant in Atlanta that felt like it had hardy roots. Nino's reminded me of the Italian restaurants in Chicago. The decor was understated, if a bit out of style. The lights low. The paintings on the walls had age to them. There was no techno music playing, no model thin waitresses carrying minuscule portions on triangular trays...no "scene" to be spoken of. Now if you want Italian and scene, go to Pricci, the food is great and everyone wears Dolce & Gabbana.If you want food that is delicious, a comforting "part of the family" atmosphere, and a charming, well aged waiter who knows the difference between a chianti and a sangiovese and whether one goes better with the veal stuffed olives than the other....go to Nino's.Our waiter was wonderful. I swear he made all three of us blush, and it wasn't because he was wearing the latest skin tight Diesel jeans...no, he was probably a 50ish gentleman about half my height, but he spoke of the specials as if he was making love to them. He squealed with delight as he put down our dishes in front of us, murmuring "bella! bella!" Could have been an act, but it felt good to us. When we asked about how they made the veal stuffed olives, he actually knew they were stuffed inside and out and said the breadcrumbs were from the very rolls on our table. He KNEW the food. I digress...we had:Pre dinner cocktails: 2 vodka/1 gin martinis up, dirty with olivesAmuse bouche: tiny warm crostini with fresh tomato and herbsThese were perfect! Warm! Petit! Fresh...the best I have have. You could taste just the ingredients for their pure individual flavors.First course:Fried green olives stuffed with vealThese were amazing. So crisp, not a bit oily...the firm tang of the olive contrasting with the rich, moist veal...mmm I thought I had a recipe for these...Olive all'Ascolana...I found it and will have to try and make now...maybe for new years.Main course:Fish SpecialFresh Grouper in tomato brothShe cleaned the plate...a rarity for this ami.Fettucine alla MichelaFettuccine with fresh shrimp and scallops in a light Pernod and saffron cream sauceHoly doodoo I liked this. It was not a ginormous portion...for pasta it was the most approachable of quantities. The creaminess was not heavy and rich. It was light, savory, transporting... and the saffron and Pernod gave it the most delicate escalation of flavor. The seafood was cooked perfectly: the shrimp firm and the scallops heart wrenchingly tender (and huge).Vitello SaltimboccaVeal sauted in seasoned white wine sauce, fresh sage, topped with prosciutto di parmaAlso a clean plate member...the birthday girl adored this, and I found it rather rich and delicious myself.Dessert:Cappucino, tiramisu and a special birthday trio of desserts, including the most wonderful, moist marzipan I have ever tasted. I didn't know they made it like that.Wine:A carafe of the house red, a Montipulciano.Nino's was a surprising delight for me. A hidden gem. It just felt different than most restaurants in Atlanta. It wasn't all sparkly. I like sparkly, but I love different, interesting and charming. I had always heard of Alfredos...a mere stone's throw from Nino's, but will happily pass on by, sight unseen, for another table at Nino's.
<review# 2315,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/1/2007,12/11/2007,121,158,1,4,3>This is a great combo place...Kylee is an excellent barber and Sam gives ol' fashion shaves (no prison cuts mind you...lol)Moreover, it's so cool that they threw a holiday party a few weeks ago for both customers & business associatesAnd the fun factor at their event rivaled some good times at certain bars I've been to
<review# 2316,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2007,12/10/2007,256,157,,6,2>This has to be one of the best Sundubu places on the Buford Hwy stretch of Sundubu restaurants. It's so good, even my parents and their friends dine here on a consistent basis, and let me tell you, they eat only the best.      I really enjoy the atmosphere, and the decorations give a pleasant vibration to the place (take a look at the wallpaper).      The Sundubu is really good here, I would really recommend the Kimchi beef Sundubu. There are three levels of spiciness to the Sundubu, in which I would recommend mild (spicy is really spicy, and I wouldn't recommend it unless you had a change of shirts in your car).        There are two kinds of rice choices with the Sundubu. You can either choose white rice (which comes in either a stone pot in which they add tea into after they've scooped it out and is reserved for after your meal, or in a traditional metal bowl). The other kind of rice is red bean rice, which I personally prefer because it is a healthier alternative to white rice. Try it out.       Once you order your Sundubu, you get bombarded with an array of small Korean side dishes, most of them unique in taste, plus a small fried fish which is amazing. Every side dish except the fish has unlimited refills, so if you find one that you particularly like, don't hold back.
<review# 2317,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2007,12/9/2007,196,345,1,4,4>I had a *lovely* experience at Ted's downtown yesterday. I hear there's usually a wait, but the day before Thanksgiving there was none- our group of five was seated immediately. The server promptly came over and took drink orders, and asked if we'd been to Ted's before. When some of us (me included) said we hadn't, he explained to us that Ted's was known for bison burgers, and provided some nutrition statistics comparing bison to beef. He displayed what appeared to be genuine enthusiasm for the food, a sentiment that never dissipated over the course of our meal.He returned with our drinks and to take our orders. We all got burgers, as I suggest you do - they have about fifteen burgers listed on the menu, and you can get any of them with bison, beef, or a veggie patty.  He welcomed special orders, as he asked everyone what side they wanted, and seemed unfazed by substitutions. He didn't even raise an eyebrow when I ordered a veggie burger with cheddar cheese and avocado slices, something that wasn't listed on the menu as an item. He just asked me if I wanted a wheat bun, because that was what the avocado slices burger came with. Aside: I *very much* liked that I did not get flack for ordering a veggie burger - I get teased about this sometimes, and I can take it, but it's nice when a meat-oriented restaurant both gives me the option and doesn't judge me when I take it. I also ordered onion rings. Our server seemed thrilled at this, and told me how amazing the onion rings are at Ted's. This treatment wasn't over the top at all - it seemed very real and actually got me quite excited about the meal.The food took awhile to get there, but you know what? Burgers with lots of different sides and toppings, cooked to different temperatures inevitably take some time to get right. And Ted's got them all right - no mistakes. The server brought out horseradish sauce for my onion rings, which he excitedly explained I "had" to use for dipping. I was pleasantly surprised, as I thought I would have to ask for this when ordering onion rings on the side of my burger as opposed to as an appetizer.  Ted's did not skimp on the sauce, either - it was in a small bowl rather than a rameken.  And how was it? Well, it wasn't the best veggie burger I've ever had. As far as I could tell it was just straight soy rather than anything interesting, and the taste and texture were pretty bland as a result. But it was definitely my hugest veggie burger - perhaps in an effort not to short the vegetarians, Ted's makes their veggie burgers at a size comparable to the hunks of bison and beef they use. I appreciated this. The toppings were excellent as well - avocado was fresh, and cheddar was sharp. The "5 salt and pepper" onion rings definitely did not disappoint - I usually prefer thin cut onion rings to these thick cut ones, but the spiced batter made them quite tasty.We ordered fresh baked cookies to go, which came out quickly in individual bags (the server pointed out that everything, including the baked goods, is made fresh at Ted's). I ate the whole thing in about 2 minutes that afternoon, and it was awesome. The server split the check five ways without our having to ask, and handled everything smoothly. The servers and hosts were all very pleasant on our way out. I expect this quality of service at a high-end dinner, not a mid-range lunch. And though my veggie burger was a little bland, it was still a great meal, and the meat-eaters all seemed VERY pleased with their bison burgers. Ted's, I'm impressed.
<review# 2318,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2007,12/8/2007,36,58,,4,3>I am IN LOVE with this place. I worked two events here this past week. Utopia has SO much character!!!! It's split into three sections: The Ice Ultralounge, Shangri-La and Utopia. Each section has its own personality and somehow everything works without being too gaudy. Seriously, I would just come here to stare at the wall. Didn't really get a chance to partake in the food since I was working, but the calamari and chicken were pretty good.Ice is the dance section of the Utopia, and, you guessed it...it's blue and gray/silver. Nice, spacious dance floor with plenty of mirrors to assure you that you are looking your best!Utopia is the "main" room, of course...this is where the sushi bar is and food is served. This room has SO much going on but somehow it works. I love it. There are several flat screen TVs around so you can catch up on the latest game. Waterfall wall that is hot!...Ample seating with a very sexy section of about 4 or 5 booths in the back. Shangri-La is downstairs. Bright green walls and modern furniture decorate this cutesy area...it reminds me of a beautifully furnished basement. There is also a small bar down here. We should have a Yelp event here!!!
<review# 2319,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/8/2007,12/7/2007,26,7,,4,3>The former site of Crave (and Iris, RIP) has emerged yet again into something much more exciting and fresh. I tried Haas Bar for the first time last night.After parking my bike next to the spacious open patio, I hopped the fence to tell the waitress what I wanted to drink, and before I had even been seated I saw the siren call of Brooklyn IPA on the menu, so I had little choice.The menu is arranged in three simple columns: vegetables ($6), meat ($7) and seafood ($8). In each there are several options, and our server told us about a few specials that sounded equally exciting. My friend and I settled on the Tempura Vegetables (asparagus, red peppers, bok choy, red onions) with sweet and spicy dipping sauce; Korean BBQ-style marinated pork skewers; and Tuna Guacamole. The latter was probably the most exciting for me, as it featured the inimitable raw tuna mixed in with mashed avocado and onions, served with plantain tostones as chips. My only complaint was that it could have used a little seasoning, but it didn't stop me from eating it all.The service was fast and friendly, and the prices quite reasonable. A dish from each column and a pitcher of premium beer for $36 pre-tip. I'll definitely be back.Edit, 12/7/2007: Since this is review of the day, I feel it's appropriate that I update it. Some things have changed since I wrote this originally. Specifically, they no longer have the three-column tapas menu; it has been replaced with a more traditional structure of apps, sandwiches, entres, etc. Also, I had a really tough and flavorless brisket sandwich last time I was there. But hey, at least the beer is still good.
<review# 2320,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2007,12/6/2007,5,12,,4,2>Hands down the best falafel in the city.  I keep meaning to order something else off the menu, but the line behind me and the fast get-in-get-out lunch rush pace of the place makes ordering feel more like an impulse than an actual decision, take that as you will.  I've never even been to their other booth just a few steps away where they serve soups and stuff, I think.But damn, that's a good falafel wrap.
<review# 2321,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2007,12/5/2007,0,47,8,11,9>This is a great place to get Insurance! The people that work there are very friendly and knowledgeable. They have all kinds of insurance, (Auto, Home, Health, Life, disability, renters, Commercial, Church etc.)  They Also file taxes, do annuities and retirement rollovers.  This place also does wedding photography, and is a travel agency.  A true one stop shop!
<review# 2322,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/20/2007,12/3/2007,229,283,,7,5>Get pumped from Energy Coffee!I was a bit hesitant to try this place in fear of them adding extra carotenobioemulsified energy boost (and I'm a chemistry major) to the already overly caffeinated coffee and sometimes sugary coffee drinks people normally buy. I mean seriously, are we that sleep deprived and over worked that we need to stop at a place called "ENERGY COFFEE" for more than our normal dose of a pick-me-up!?But I passed it on my home from the gym and something told me to turn my wheel into the parking lot to try force (maybe they mean cosmic energy?) turned my wheel into the parking lot. I stepped in to find that they were cleaning up the coffee bar and closing (it was only 7pm!). Note taken, they close early. Although, she was nice enough to make me a double shot espresso soy latte to-go - without any extra vitamins or protein. It wasn't the best or the freshest coffee, but whatever, it did the trick. The place was bright and white all over. It was a mix of a sunny California health bar meats trendy Ikea inspired caf. Added amenities are:Free WiFi20% off if you are a studentFrequent customer card with a free drink after ten purchases.I did take a to-go menu with more info, but unfortunately I spilled my coffee all over myself in the car and used them both as napkins to wipe my stained white skirt! Double Grrr!
<review# 2323,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2007,12/2/2007,63,63,,5,5>This place is so delicious.  I just went there for lunch.  The steak and onions or "The Satruday", yes that's right you order by the days of the week and you can have Saturday on Tuesdays.  Oh the platters come with white rice but ask for the yellow rice because it has a little hint of seasoning and is just delicioso with the beans.  I love the downstairs dining section it reminds me of a really classy restaurant in Costa Rica, I know that's not where Cuban food comes from but the decor and the comida are very similar.  The food comes quickly.    (Below I vote yes for waiter service because they bring it to you even though you order up front.  Which is all I care about, not a fan of sitting and then getting up again to get your food, so I like that they bring it to you.)
<review# 2324,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2007,12/1/2007,352,299,1,8,6>This treasure of a dining destination is located just beyond the border of what's commonly known as "The Highlands."  Once you find it -- tucked away and surrounded by parking lots -- you'll remember where it is for what are sure to become frequent visits.They serve up fresh Thai food and sushi (salmon and avocado roll, please) in a lovely neighborhoody area.  Those who already know about this place will agree, and those who didn't before will (should) thank me.  Enjoy!
<review# 2325,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/26/2007,11/30/2007,147,260,4,3,3>Okay, so like, I'm super girly and I got the creative gene.  To me, Michaels is totally my comfort zone.  I love decorating, creating, and coloring.  The other day, I was cleaning the house and found bunch of pictures that I took before.  So Hyeon J. said to me the other day, "Why don't you make a scrapbook?"  Oh, My God, what a perfect idea!  So I went to Michaels and took hours shopping for the perfect sticker, the perfect paper, the perfect scrapbook, etc.  Now, thanks to Michaels, my life is complete.  I love you, Michaels.  Mwah mwah!*Excuse the teeny-bopper girly tone.  I just couldn't help it!  If you are into scrap-booking like I am, then go here!  They have a numerous tools for scrap-booking and other crafts.  They also have a extensive yarn collection.  If you are a knitter, then you will spend hours shopping here too!
<review# 2326,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2007,11/29/2007,63,63,8,10,12>If you think you are cool and you've never been to StickFigure to buy records, you are sorely mistaken. StickFigure is run by Gavin Frederick, an adorably dorky one-time electrical engineering major at Georgia Tech who loves independent and underground music so much that he forsook what would have been a six-figure career to live in a warehouse and build a tiny local rock 'n' roll empire.Most of StickFigure's business is done over mail-order, but he opens the distro most Saturday afternoons from noon to 6pm. It's worth going even if you don't intend to buy any records (though, you will end up taking something home with you, so if your bank account is hurting, you probably shouldn't go.)Gavin and the other folks who hang around there are musical geniuses, a little like going to the grungy, punk rock version of the record store in Nick Hornby's High Fidelity. I've gone in on a wing and a prayer, given him a few ideas of the sort of stuff I like and said "I want two records that will make me feel happy." And what did I end up with that day? Winterbrief and the Capricorns, two bands I had never even heard of (and I've heard of a lot of bands), and now, almost five years later, those two records are still constantly on my play list. And they do make me happy. Very very happy.So, yeah, going to StickFigure isn't just worth it to support an awesome local business (which also, incidentally, brings a lot of really great bands to play shows in Atlanta, the kinds of bands that frequently skip straight from Washington, DC to Austin, TX), if you're into independent rock 'n' roll music, it's by far the best record store in Atlanta. Not because of the selection (which is never huge), but because of the sheer knowledge, dedication, love and skill that Gavin puts into what he does.The clientele tends toward the attractive, skinny, tragically hip. I try not to go on days when I'm feeling old, fat or uncool -- bad for the self esteem, though on the flip side, there's usually great eye candy when I'm feeling good about myself. It's also in the 'hood (West End), and I think that everyone who lives in Atlanta should come over to the west side as often as possible. :DThough, if you like uncool music like Dave Mathews or something, don't tell him. He'll probably make fun of you. Yet another reason to love StickFigure Distro. I'd give this place 6 stars if I could.
<review# 2327,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/1/2007,11/27/2007,10,4,2,4,2>Cafe Intermezzo. Doesn't it sound like the perfect place to end a fun night? You'd imagine coffee with your friends. Gossip with your girls. Joking with your boys. But, although the cafe itself is nice, there are some setbacks that might make you want to ditch this and go to Starbucks if coffee is all you want.So, what's good? The deserts. Sweet, fluffy cakes. Thick huge pies. The desert menu is full of anything you can think of.  Whatever your taste is, I would bet that they have your flavor.What's not so good? The deserts. They are over priced. They run around $7 for one piece of cake or higher. By the time you add the expensive coffee or drink, you're paying for a real meal at a regular place anywhere else in Atlanta.Being fair is key here, though. The environment is decorated almost as if you are in a European coffee shop. Just as much attention is paid attention to the details of the restaurant as the cakes and pies. It's very cute for a date you want to continue talking with later into the night.I'll be frank. It gets crowded. Very crowded. There are lots of people in and outside the cafe. Fairly noisy, but not overly noisy. The young 20s and 30s crowd are on dates and the "I haven't seen you in forever. Let's get coffee sometime," kind of crowd. So, everyone's laughing, having a good time. That can be vibrant.The menu is limited. There's not much of a selection because, well, they serve deserts and coffee. So, you'll be tempted to get that one piece of cake that sells for the price of 3 full cakes.Not a place for kids. Great "let's catch up" place. The service is not bad, but could be more cordial. But, with so many people, perhaps I'm asking to much.Bottom line. Go with a pocket full of cash and some time to talk to your buddy. It's a great environment for conversation.
<review# 2328,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2007,11/26/2007,24,13,3,4,2>I've never seen anything like this place.  I love trying to explain it to friends.  "You basically walk into a toolshed, then down into a cave, then you end up in this crazy/strange not-quite-dance-club."  I mainly love this place because of the amazing people-watching capabilities.  Every week there's a completely different variety of people there.  It's a blast.How often outside of high school dances do you get to witness dance-offs!?  It's hilarious! I hate the typical "club" scene because it's usually full of skeezy people, yet this place absolutely provides an awesome time every time I go.  I whole heartedly recommend it to anyone who's thinking about it, and I try to take any out of town visitors so they can experience this one of a kind place.
<review# 2329,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2007,11/24/2007,216,382,2,3,3>I am very particular about my iced mocha. Starbucks (shut up) has a great one, but I've been let down by most every independent coffee shop I've tried one at... until I visited Octane. Iced mocha-y goodness. :)  My wife had some tea which she wasn't thrilled about but I found to be pretty good, and I don't even drink tea.Then we decided to cap off our visit with some alcohol. She got a glass of the house pinot grigio and I tried an insanely expensive Belgian lambic beer. The beer was pretty good. They had a page-long list of Belgian beers, many of which are rather obscure and not found at places with hundreds of beers like Taco Mac. I was quite disappointed that they did not have my favorite Belgian beer, Lindemann's Framboise, but I'll deal.The patio area was very nice on a nice night like this one was. And they had free wifi which nearly everyone at the place was taking advantage of.I'd give Octane 5 stars except for:1) No Lindemann's!2) Loud music on the inside. If I'm sitting with a coffee and my laptop, its a good bet I don't want some DJ spinning loud music. Blah.
<review# 2330,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2007,11/23/2007,96,123,,3,4>Always a good show at Dad's Garage!The last show I saw here was "Lawrenceburg" and I laughed my ass off! Its a nice intimate setting with a diverse crowd, talented actors and reasonable prices. The staff is always friendly and I love the fact that they don't try to rip you off with the price of drinks or charge you to park.Would definitely go there more if I wasnt so far OTP!
<review# 2331,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2007,11/22/2007,216,364,1,4,3>I got my first tattoo at 13 Roses, and I don't think I'll go anywhere else.  I chose to get one by Danielle DiStefano, and it came out perfectly and even better than expected.  She was so friendly and helpful, totally patient, and really down to earth.  Everyone in the shop is cool, and it's extremely clean and professional.
<review# 2332,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2007,11/21/2007,798,530,4,7,8>Never have I seen so much unicorn paraphernalia. The far wall of the Drunken Unicorn is plastered with unicorn stuff, and I couldn't stop staring at all those glittery, neighing unicorns. Focus. Focus on the show!The Drunken Unicorn is a small music venue and a part of MJQ. Entryway is 'round back of the main MJQ one - just follow the cluster of stylish hipsters.It's easy to get a drink during shows at the crowdless room on the right, and the bathroom wasn't scary.The D.U. attracts a variety of shows, like Voxtrot and Deerhunter, and also hosts some events like the Underground Film Festival.
<review# 2333,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/26/2007,11/19/2007,8,19,1,4,2>My dad and I checked out Fortune Cookie a couple days ago....this is some damn good chinese food.  It doesn't look like much from the outside, but the inside is very quaint, clean and pleasant.  Our waitress was EXTREMELY attentive and quick, and our food portions were more than ample.  We had the "dinner for 2" special which included sizzling rice soup, spring rolls, teriyaki beef skewer, mongolian beef and kung pao chicken.  Everything tasted great and I was pleasantly surprised.  Our total bill was roughly $30-$35 including drinks.  I will DEFINITELY be going back!
<review# 2334,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2007,11/18/2007,15,14,4,6,7>This is, hands-down, the best bbq in atlanta.  their motto here is "we're not pretty, but we're good" and that's the gospel truth...it could only be better if they replaced "good" with "excellent."daddy d'z is a place i was afraid of the first time some friends took me there. the building looks run down, the neighborhood seems sketchy, you'd guess that it was really dirty and run down--lay those first impressions aside, and you'll find the most flavorful, best barbeque you've ever had.  the meat is tender and juicy, the sauce is sweet but not overpowering. and the neighborhood isn't as bad as it looks--you might want to avoid a few streets around (bell being one), but the graffiti and run-down buildings really make it look a lot worse than it is.daddy d'z serves heaping mounds of bbq, they have so many wonderful sides to chose from (and the portions there arent' small either), but their cornbread is to die for, even if the batter is so thick the bottom isn't always cooked fully. my only complaint (aside from the cornbread) is that the "hot" sauce doesn't taste at all spicy...but it's still delicious, and there's always hot sauce you can jazz it up with on the tables. they also offer lunch specials for $7.99 on weekdays, including drink, making it a really affordable and delicious lunch stop!
<review# 2335,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2007,11/17/2007,72,176,,2,2>Who thought death would be so cool!  When I was originally invited to attend a tour, I thought I would be creeped out from the morbid exposure.  It ended up being the exact opposite.I was in awe of the beautiful symbolism of the moseliums, and tombstones that marked the graves of our fellow Atlanta citizens of yest-er year.  The  guided tour, which I highly suggest going on, is $10.00 for a 1 1/2 tour around the cemetery.  Our docent, (or our guide) was very knowledgeable with all the symbolic meanings, stories, and history of this cemetery that flourished during the Victorian era.  I was impressed how passionate he was since he was just a volunteer.Oh yeah, if you go on a guided tour, make sure to hold onto the sticker they give you.  Its good for $5.00 off your meal at Six Feet Under across the street!  The tour guide said its only good for a certain time of the day, however, Six Feet Under still honored it when we went for lunch at 11:30a.m.I definately recommend going here to walk around, plus, your $10 goes toward the preservation of this beautiful cemetary!
<review# 2336,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2007,11/16/2007,89,100,,5,4>I thought this place was nice, loved the music, loved the vibe, and the waitresses were really cool.  They custom made a pizza for me that was orignally a sandwich on the menu - which totally scored high points with me.  They also brought out these mushroom appetizers stuffed with chopped sausage and some kind of cheese and it was really good.  My boss and I came here during lunch time and it was cool.  I want to come back in the evening for drinks, I hear the lounge atmosphere there is great.
<review# 2337,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2007,11/14/2007,5,15,7,2,10>Do you often think of bacon?  Do your dreams involve breakfast foods?  Do you crave the smoky goodness of pork?  Does your mouth start to water at the thought of maple cured, pepper crusted bacon?  If so, tucked away in an inconspicuous little strip mall off the Paces Ferry/Vinings exit, you may well find bacon nirvana.  It is called the Vermont Mustard Company.VMC is a breakfast/sandwich shop with a variety of food where mustard is given the top billing but the bacon steals the show.Friends took me to this little slice of bacon goodness yesterday for a late lunch.  They raved about it, so I had to go.  I opted for a simple fare.  A Maple Cured Cobb Smoked B.L.T. on sourdough bread.  It isn't a cheap B.L.T. at $7.95 but the price isn't terrible.  What you end up getting so much better than a Waffle House sandwich!  The bacon was thick cut, smoky, crisp and it had a glaze on it.  Sweet and salty at the same time.  Damn good.  The amber ale honey mustard had a bite to it but it wasn't overpowering.  It was served with chips.The VMC doesn't look like much.  It's a small place and won't seat 50 people.  In fact, why am I telling you about this?  I don't want to wait in a line.  Save some bacon for me!
<review# 2338,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/18/2007,11/12/2007,1,4,1,3,2>The pizza here is wonderful...most of the time.  I hate the fact that it's a hit or miss with them.  It's definitely worth trying out at least once.  Their veggie supreme pizza is covered in vegetables!! They even put eggplant  and squash on it.  Their vegan pizzas are great too.  Sandwiches and salads are okay but don't ever ask for soup even though it's on the menu..they'll look at you like you're retarded/they never have any.  If you order a pizza for delivery plan on waiting FOREVER.  Their owner is creepy but nice except when he groped my friend on one of his many drunken rampages at Estoria.
<review# 2339,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2007,11/10/2007,458,1067,1,3,4>I have to agree with almost all of my fellow Yelpers... Ecco is one of the best restaurants in the city.  Last night my company treated my team to dinner here and everything was amazing.  The pizzas are delicious, their appetizers are even better (I highly recommend the goat cheese and honey), and the table service was amazing (we were in the private room in back, but I would assume the service was good in the main dining room also).A great wine selection and fantastic desserts rounded out our delicious meal.  I will definitely be back for dinner!
<review# 2340,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2007,11/9/2007,60,61,1,4,4>sixfeetunderatlanta.comWow - this place is great, just the kind of southern seafood I like.  Who knew calamari tacos could be so freaking delish?!  I love the way they do fried okra here.  It's served in whole pieces - I've never seen that before, but YUM.. It's good.
<review# 2341,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2007,11/8/2007,0,0,2,5,5>WOW!  I know other people have said it, but don't eat for at least a day before you go here.  And even though it's in Buckhead, go in with pants that may hang off of you a bit (I recommend one size too big), trust me, when you leave, they will fit!Every kind of meat you can imagine!  Fillet wrapped in bacon, garlic fillet, lamb, and on and on and on!  Yes they do have a great salad bar, and yes it is less expensive if that's all you want.  But let me save you some money people!  If you just want salad, go to Sweet Tomato or Lettuce Surprise You or Jason's Deli!  What they charge for a salad is simply not worth it if that's all you're going to get.  Now, if you're going with a bunch of carnivores and you happen to be vegetarian, then at least you know you have options!  Many other meat oriented places in Buckhead (Bones, Chops, NY Prime) have crap in the way of dinner salads, so this could still be good for you!Just be aware of your little green/red flippy thing.  If you forget to change it to red (which means stop bringing the food) the meat will overrun your plate.  They don't' care if there is no more room on your plate, if they see green, they're coming around the mountain!One more thing, drinks are expensive here.  So the $45 dinner bill can easily turn into $80 or $100 per person if you drink.  But worth the experience.
<review# 2342,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/22/2007,11/7/2007,18,5,16,2,3>I just ate 6 of these, of a variety of sizes; my stomach is crying.It's like a block from my house and I can't help it; once a week I need to partake in Donuts and Friend Chicken.  They're really, really, yummy, stuff, but every time I go there, the lady at the drive through looks like she wants to hit me in the face.  I'm not sure why.And every time I leave the drive through, I cut the wheel and always bottom out on a sizable curb which is located next to said drive through.   Why such an abomination exists is beyond me.Did you know there are scary prostitutes within a mile of Krispy Kreme?  They look like they came from a Northwest Indiana Trailer Park, and enjoy posing for me when I'm driving home from acting class.  Sometimes I throw donuts at them.
<review# 2343,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/12/2007,11/5/2007,16,3,2,2,3>I own a small table in this restaurant for all the money I have spent here.  My wife and I have been eating here since 1993.  We are still convinced the food has opium but have not been able to confirm.  The chicken coconut soup in THE thing to have when you have a cold.  Chris, the Manager is an outstanding guy and does a great job of creating those cool flower arrangements on the bar (no, I am not that into flowers).  Phillip, the bartender, is a first class character that keeps you laughing.
<review# 2344,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/25/2007,11/4/2007,145,240,2,3,3>The Roxy is Atlanta's best small concert venue. No matter where you are in the house, you're close to the band. The last time I went however, was for Ben Folds Five when they were together(a few years ago). Last night I went for the Michael Ian Black show, totally different vibe.Before the Roxy was dirty, grimey and smelly. Last night it was....CLEAN!? I don't know if they clean up for comedy shows/seated events, but jeez, it wasn't even like the same place. Some good artists always come through here, I'm still pissed I missed Yngwie Malmsteen and Children of Bodom about a year ago!
<review# 2345,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/22/2007,11/3/2007,192,123,2,4,2>I had a great time here this past weekend with friends. I was running a little late and my friends were already inside and seated, as soon as I approached the table a waiter was right there explaining  drink specials and being very friendly. I was feeling a little pressured to order quickly with the waiter standing there, once I received my drink I was very unhappy with it (kiss 'n tell martini) the waiter was very nice returned my drink free of charge and brought  me back a VERY strong electric martini (yum yum). I enjoyed the music here and the fact that it wasn't too crowded. We were a little disappointed that there wasn't a piano duel (which is what we were really waiting for). But they more than made up for it by letting me lead the "Cupid Shuffle" line.$5 martini's and being the leader of synchronized dancing, this is definitely my type of place :-)
<review# 2346,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2007,11/2/2007,245,510,4,4,5>There are a few top restaurants in Atlanta that I haven't reviewed because I'm not quite sure what else I can add.  This is one of them. Look....everyone needs to go at least once, it is very good.  Decor/space, food, wine, service.  Before that, Virginia's was there, which was equally as good for food, service, drinks, anything.  Maybe the space just has a vibe.  Some buildings fail time and time again no matter what is there and how many times the name changes, others are just gold.It's the vibe.  Go.  Eat.  Be merry.
<review# 2347,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/19/2007,11/1/2007,76,179,,5,4>The waiter and host said this place was an Atlanta institution because it's been around for 34 years. So I'm surprised that nobody has yelped about it! This is a French restaurant, but I didn't eat any French food - Wait! let me explain!  Every year in October, the German owner has a special Oktoberfest menu. I didn't want to wait 12 months to take a stab at it, so we ordered from that special menu.  It was delicious and very authentic. The potato pancakes and sauerkraut rivaled what I've eaten in Frankfurt. I was, however, surprised to not find any German chocolate cake on the dessert menu.  But the apple strudel was scrumptious.  You only have 12 more days to take advantage of it. Next month, I'll definitely go back for the French menu.
<review# 2348,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2007,10/31/2007,47,112,23,14,29>About 2 years ago I was having a really crappy day. I was coming home from work, & on my scooter at the intersection of Piedmont & Monroe. I look to my left, & see this short guy in a tutu twirling a baton. Brain thinks: don't laugh. Today sucks. Nothing is funny. I look away. The light is taking forever. I see commotion out of the corner of my eye. I look over. He's pointing his baton at me, with exaggerated happy facial expressions. I smile despite myself, but look away again. Today sucked, dammit.I look back. He's still carrying on, pointing at me & smiling. Then he twirls around, & throws that baton up in the air, lands where he started, & catches it. He points it right at me, & his face lights up again. That bastard is trying to make me smile!The day be damned. I belly laughed, smiled, & waved. I realized he was standing on the corner just to do what he just did - bring some light into people's lives. Baton Bob is no joke. He is an example for us all.
<review# 2349,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/14/2007,10/30/2007,166,205,5,4,4>What, no Jamaican accent to greet me at the door!?!?  In fact, there were no Jamaican accents to be found anywhere in the place!!  Not a good sign for a 'Jamaican' spot.  Well, I had low expectations from the beginning since the location is a rinky dink store front across from West End Mall with limited seating.The food was well, about like the accents, not too inviting.  It was ok for a quick 'jerk' fix, but not anything I would highly recommend.  Despite this I return to this place regularly.  It's the coco bread baby!  They make the bread fresh daily.  They also make the bread for their patties.  This place gets three stars purely because of this.  I wait at the door for them to open some days.  So, if you see me at the door...holla at ya boy!  Accent optional.....
<review# 2350,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2007,10/29/2007,227,316,4,4,5>I love this park!  It's the best thing about living in Midtown.  To be surrounded by trees, and sunshine and animals is great when living in the city.  There are so many reasons to get out of the house and come here that I can't list them all but, I'll try:1. Sunshine on your skin2. Playing catch with friends3. Bocce Ball (If you don't know what this is, find out!  It's SO fun!)4. Picnics5. Screen on the Green6. Reading a Book7. Writing8. Flying a Kite9. Fresh Air10. You Get to be Outside!
<review# 2351,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2007,10/28/2007,47,84,,5,2>One of my fave place for cheap eats in my neighborhood. The pastel (empanadas) are yummo and you get a huge serving for little to nothing. My fave pasteles here are the Frango which is shredded chicken simmered in a sauce similar to bbq but lighter and tangier. Also the Camaro which is a shrimp cooked in a cream sauce with black olives. Their Lombino sandwich is also to die for!
<review# 2352,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2007,10/27/2007,3,5,1,5,4>There are fewer and fewer places like this left in the South. Never mind the fact that five nights a week you pay nothing to walk in the door. Booze and beer are cheap, parking is rarely a problem and the clientele is the most unpredictably diverse (and attractive) mix of fun seekers I've ever encountered. That's all just frosting...the real essence of the Northside Tavern remains veiled, waiting in the wings to reveal itself during moments of spine-tingling drama that occur so often on that well-worn eight inch stage. To me...the magic orbits the musicians who call the Northside Tavern home...both masters and apprentices working side by side to hone a craft that has extremely deep roots in southern culture and is inherently charged with emotion...yes, the Northside Tavern is the real thing and if you know what to look for, it will give you a glimpse at a living cross section of history.
<review# 2353,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2007,10/25/2007,37,68,,4,4>Saida is located in the same salon where I get my hair cut. She provides all waxing services and does a fantastic job. She has a very gentle touch and calming ways. Before I started going to her, I noticed she had a lot of gay males for clients. I figured if they trusted her for their waxing needs then she must be good!Also, you can email her your appointment request at saidalajara@tmo.blackber - She said a lot of her clients prefer this method for making an appointment because they can do it after hours or while they are at work and be discreet about the request.  She doesn't do Brazilian waxes but her bikini waxes ($50) are just as good - even in your skimpiest bathing suit! Her brow waxes run $20.
<review# 2354,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/11/2007,10/24/2007,22,11,3,3,>I missed my dinner due to my nice-long napping.  I fell asleep at 2 p.m. and now it is 10 p.m.  Thus, I'm reeeaaallly hungry.  Miserable.  Even more miserably, I don't have anything to cook at home.  In this case, I need to go to Kroger (the greatest 24 hour grocery market near home; well, it is the greatest because it's 24 hours) and buy some Hot Pocket.  I have to be real careful about picking the "good" Hot Pocket from other Hot Pocket.  Then go home, microwave it and eat like a dog.Hold on...It is far more interesting to go to Fellini's Pizza.  One pack of Hot Pocket costs as much as two slices of Fellini's Sicilian Pizza!  A minute later, I go to Fellini's Pizza and order Sicilian Pizza with jalapenos, fresh garlic and pineapple (they are my favorite combo that my girlfriend and I created!!).  Five minutes later, a plateful of pizza comes out (really big), and I happily engulf the food vigorously.Hot Pocket had been my best friend during my exam period. But my life during exam period has been changed ever since I met Fellini's Sicilian pizza.  Sicilian pizza is a thick, thicker than normal, crusted pizza.  I personally prefer thin crust pizza but this one is whole another story.  Even though it is thick, the bottom of pizza is crispy which makes pizza more tasty.  I used to go to Mellow Mushroom or Everybody's whenever I felt like eating pizza, but I actually prefer Fellini's Pizza over Mellow Mushroom.  Everybody's is another story though.  Like I said, I originally like thin-crusted pizza.  Everybody's has the best thin crust pizza so, I get always torn between Everybody's and Fellini's.I only talked about Sicilian pizza but that is not the only choice, they actually have variety of pizza as well as thin crust pizzas.  It is just that my personal favorite is Sicilian pizza and I don't think many people will argue about it.  The restaurant significantly has large outdoor seating, and when the weather is nice, majority of people prefers to sit outside.Living in Atlanta for more than a year now, the best late night dining restaurant, in my opinion, is definitely Fellini's Pizza.  It gets me out of my misery!!
<review# 2355,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2007,10/23/2007,722,577,5,10,5>Despite having heard of Taka Sushi and Passion about a year and a half ago, I had yet to have the occasion to visit and try out Taka's venue and experience the cooking.   In contrast to say, Sushi Fuku, Taka's establishment caters to a more western crowd -- and the clientele reflects that.  There are no japanese characters in the menu, nor are the servers that I encountered.  Despite this, the Sake available is authentic, and Kirin is available on tap.  That gets good marks from me.  :)Decor is trendy-Japanese.  I've seen places with this sort of feel in Japan.  Efficient space use with efficient design-lines -- but with little details that confirm the intentionality of the effect.My party of three ordered Omakase, one order of Okanomeyaki and a pitcher of Kirin.  We started with a Tomato Gazpacho with cucumber, carrot and celery -- the cool soup was light and well balanced.  A refreshing way to start the meal.  It was followed by shiitake mushroom filled with crabmeat, covered with cocunut shavings and fried.  Also tasty, though the contrast between the coconut and the crabmeat was a trifle unusual -- I couldn't decided if I loved it, but it was certainly interesting.  The next dish was Uni and Squid with a mint leaf, wrapped in Tofu skin.  The mint was a tad strong for me, but the Uni and squid were delectable.  The tofu skin texture was a nice change.The okanomeyaki came -- Oosaka style.  We devoured it with glee.  The loose "pie" of varied ingredients was flavourful -- though a tad sweet for my taste.We then had a shrimp "salad" with a light covering of mayonnaise.  The shrimp was moist and flavourful, with just the right amount of saltiness -- and the mayonnaise was such that it did not challenge the flavour of the Shrimp.There was a thai styled fish salad, seasoned with a viniagrette, grape slices, and mint.  Also refreshing, and a good change of pace, cleansing the palate for what followed.Chu-Toro tataki followed with a 1 mm cooked edge.  Delectable.  :)  Who can dislike good, fresh toro?An Uni-shooter followed.  I can't tell what came with the Uni, since we drank it as a shot.  :)A slow cooked short rib followed, that was marinated or cooked with honey.  Very, very tasty.  I think that was the group favourite.  We finished up with an-old favourite -- we begged to get 3 Onigiri with salmon.  Not on the menu...  He obliged with a grin.  I apologized for its simplicity.  Next thing we knew, we had 3 onigiri ready.  Temperature was just right -- with flavourful cooked salmon flecks within the vinagered rice.  Brilliant comfort food.I personally will come back eventually, though it might be awhile... so many more places to try!4 plus.On a side note, it's relatively a quiet place -- I can't help but to chuckle at remembering some of the first-date conversations that one tries not to eavesdrop on.  Very cute -- very... youthful...  :D
<review# 2356,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2007,10/22/2007,163,606,,8,3>If you've been looking for desserts without having to suffer through the crowds and traffic of Intermezzo or Alon's (or God help you the Cheesecake Factory) then this is your new favorite. Promise....Chocolate Pink actually had my vote before I even took a bite of their desserts. The interior is so well put together, clean, and simple that I wanted to spend an hour or two hanging out there with a cup of coffee. The staff is uber friendly and can walk you through selecting a drink or dessert with ease. I ended up taking home a miniature key lime pie for an after dinner treat after spending some time snacking.Take a look upstairs here too, it's a much bigger space than it seems from the street. The girl at the register told me that they are available to rent out the space upstairs, definitely worth noting.My only complaint is that I wish they were open later.
<review# 2357,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2007,10/21/2007,354,392,9,6,2>While sitting outside eating dunch at the EARL, this ridiculously drunk girl took about three steps out of the EARL and bit it so hard on the sidewalk we all rushed over to see if she was okay.  And it was one of those terrible wipeouts where your skirt goes up and you flash your big gramma panties to a large crowd.   I have never seen someone so wasted at 3 pm in the afternoon that they cannot even walk unaided.OKAY, the whole reason I am telling you this story is because it directed my eyes to a cluster of stores across the street I haven't been in.  So after we ate my sister and I walked over to Sugar Britches.The window display had the cutest little dresses in it so we had to take a peek inside.  The store is teeny tiny, but the clothes are pretty darned cute.  The dresses ranged from totally affordable, to ugh, that is ALMOST too much, but yeah, I'm just going to get it because it's that cute!  They also sell jeans, jewelry, and they have a small corner of clothes for guys.  I'm glad that drunk girl wiped out or I wouldn't have a cute new dress right now!  Thanks, drunky!
<review# 2358,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/1/2007,10/20/2007,43,410,4,5,4>I could go either way on this review so I suppose I am playing it safe by giving it three stars right about in the middle.  Here is one side of the coin:  a spectacular "extreme makeover" to the interior space of the former 1150 Nightclub including rich woods, carpeting, chandeliers, and  supreme sound system.  This makes for one heck of a sexy club, dripping with style.  A sophisticated feel to the club makes me think of LA or New York, and with that comes the other side of the coin:  I paid $20 to get in. I paid $5 for a domestic beer, I was not allowed anywhere near the second level because I was not a "VIP".  I would have had to have waited on a long line to get in (when the club was not anywhere near capacity) but luckily my wing man knew the door guy and we skirted the line, but even so we still had to fork over $20 bucks to get in.  Some friend huh? I was told and was somehow encouraged to feel better about the twenty bucks because the cover was actually going to $40 for the "regular folk" on line.  Hmmmm.  They can probably get away with this for a few months, but when the buzz wears off I think the cover will come down a bit.  Inside the crowd seemed to be having fun and was very similar if not identical to the old Saturday crowd at Vision.  Take that for what it is either a positive or a negative depending on your taste and definition for a fun night out.  Personally, I finished my pricey beer and headed out the nearest exit to check out the cover band at Front Page News across the street.  Everyone was having fun in there too, but somehow I felt the fun in there was more genuine in a way, and gosh I was allowed in for zero dollars at the door, and couldn't even find a "VIP" anywhere.
<review# 2359,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2007,10/19/2007,4,24,,6,1>If you love beer and are in Atlanta, this is your Mecca.  They have a HUGE selection of bottles and drafts and good pub food too.  Their drafts are often things you won't find anywhere else in the city.  I believe this is the highest ranked beer bar in the Southeast and highly ranked for the entire US (by some online websites).  If you haven't been, go and you will not be disappointed.  On Fridays and Saturdays, don't be surprised if you have to wait.
<review# 2360,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2007,10/18/2007,54,37,6,3,3>This be a brief, but fair review of the Chinese portion of this shambling playground of Asiatic edibles. I must specify "Chinese" simply because this location also features a sushi bar, a sit-down Japanese restaurant, the ubiquitous Japanese grills (oh I give you extra shrimp lady, catch it in you mouth!!) *and* a separate Korean section.Of course the grills are the most fun and the most familiar at this location as this is where your good Captain first began sharpening his palate for all things Nipponese with fine cardboard-boxed sake and wasabi-encased tidbits of what might possibly be spicy tuna roll... hard to tell...Aye, it took him time to develop an affinity for the finer sakes, the ability to eat sushi sans wasabi and the good sense to visit M.F. Sushi to check out the thigh-high slits in the pretty waitresses dresses..... but even with his heightened level of sophistication and his obvious better-than-you-ness, he still has an undying affection for the Number Nine location for Mr. Lee's Golden Buddha, buddy.Sorry, slipped into third person there... been happening a lot lately.Anyway.For awhile the Golden Buddha Number 9 existed as a tradition for me and my childhood friend Dale and his wife Penny. It was the roaring 90's, a time of impetuous youth, a time of daring acts of piracy, a time of eating raw fish.. on purpose even!Ah, to be young and hungry again, me hearties!So there we were, backed into a corner and.... no, wait, wrong blog.It was a time of celebrity, as Olympic star (and local hometown hero) Steve Lundquist dined at the very next grill table, having *free* grilled shrimp thrown into his mouth JUST LIKE US!!! Truly it was a time for glitterati, power and verve. Paris Hilton dreams of partying with Captain Drew in the 90's.I remember a time before Dale and Penny were wed, when they were in the midst of one of those fights they had just before they realized how much they loved each other... so Dale was nursing a broken heart and I were his wingman..... together we drank an entire box of sake and went to see a Jackie Chan movie, partly in order to let the sake settle, but mostly because we were convinced that we could speak Cantonese (the disconnect between Chinese speech and Japanese drink was lost on us, obviously).I daresay that no one has snored louder in a Jackie Chan moviehouse than Yours Truly.And that brings me to the Chinese section of Mr. Lee's Golden Buddha Number 9, where I feted my parents on the belated occasion of my recent birthday.The service was fast, the waitstaff was plentiful (no fewer than four different people paid call on our table) and the food was... just okay. Nothing special. Nope. It was good, it was decent... not saying I hated it, it was just "okay".Of course we didn't order anything exotic, like sushi off the belly of a hot Chinese girl (which is too bad really because I'm of a mind to try eating things off the bellies of hot Chinese girls) or dine upon roasted tiger knuckles (the month had an 'r' in it) but you'd think with a place as lush looking at Mr. Lee's Golden Buddha Number 9 that you'd have dancing dragons, sizzling platters of delight and other fantastic voyages into culinary exploration (see the aforementioned belly thing).No, you want to go to this restaurant for the other experiences, and possibly on a middling busy night so that the kitchen is revved up a bit more for you. Maybe *you'll* get that belly dish I wanted.Please let me know how it was.No, for real.Seriously.I'm not foolin' here.And tell 'em that Captain Drew sent you!
<review# 2361,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/3/2007,10/16/2007,13,18,3,12,5>While the thought of a club being one giant room might sound weird, this one will make you rethink that. Velvet is another club owned by AG entertainment, the owners of The Royal and Compound, so they usually keep their clientle pretty good, enforce a sexy and stylish dress code, and try to bring the bigger venues of all sorts to their place. So let's get to it!Location: Velvet is in a shopping center (that's right kids) off Chamblee Tucker. It's pretty easy to find, just get off and find the Mc Donalds before 285 and you're there. If you can't find a place to park, you're really really late or just parking inept, in either case you might have to settle for some over priced valet. But all in all it's fairly good location, the line is on the plaza's walkway so you don't have to wait in the rain or anything, and there's usually a good crowd on any given night.Design: Velvet Room is just that, one deceivingly large room decorated in glass chandeliers, red velvet, and of course the screens and LCDs of sound and video. As an employee of the company for light and sound, it's nice, good sound system without being quite so in your face as the Compound, and a slightly larger dance floor, which is the whole floor. There are several bars with plenty of arm space to stand there and people watch or catch en eye, and the multiple VIP tables and area are usually booked each night or available with a nice off the floor or over the floor view to see or be seen. As I said before, it's quite large inside and hosts a great night whether you're hunting, dancing, or watching.Music: Velvet, unlike Compound and Royal, plays mostly Hip Hop, R&B  every night. So don't expect much on the euro, techno, house, rock type much, but that's just the style of place it is. They still play the usually Top 40s all over, but more like V-103 than Q100 or anything.So there ya go, my take and review of Velvet Room. If it sounds like your type of place, go check it out, if not, stick to what you think you'll like, but don't say I didn't tell you what to look forward to ;)UPDATE!!!!: Compound and Velvet Room are switching their Saturday night venues, now Saturdays at Velvet will be House, Electro, Top 40, Mix Style and Compound will be hosting Hot 107s Hip Hop Night. So be on the look out!!!
<review# 2362,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/6/2007,10/15/2007,52,253,1,4,3>When my parents were in town and told me they wanted to go here, I was hesitant. I mean, Vietnamese in Dunwoody? While it's not like the typical Pho restaurants you find down Buford Highway, Co'm is pretty good in its own right. I got vegetarian spring rolls, and my parents got their beef carpaccio appetizer. They LOVED their appetizer, to the point where they decided to save a little for me to take home for the husband. The spring rolls were good too, but vegetarians beware: even though they advertise them being veg, all the spring rolls come with FISH vinaigrette. Thankfully our waiter was really nice and told me they'd prepare a soy sauce vinaigrette instead.I got the vegetarian bun, which was pretty good, mom got the flounder bun, which she loved, and my Dad got some sort of curry chicken dish. I believe he said the chicken was almost overcooked, but he really loved the sauce, so he was still pretty pleased.Their dessert menu is kinda bizarre. All the desserts sounded yummy, don't get me wrong, but none of them struck me as particularly Vietnamese. Their wine menu also looks pretty reasonable too, and I think there was a Vietnamese beer there that was supposed to be decent as well.While this isn't the kind of Vietnamese I traditionally think of (they didn't have a single Pho dish on the menu), it was still pretty good for what it was.
<review# 2363,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/25/2007,10/12/2007,57,83,2,1,3>I flew in and out of this airport a lot this year.  A. LOT.  As in, 15 or so times within a 6 month period.I know this place gets a lot of flack because of crowds and cranky employees, but you'll find that most anywhere.  When considering this particular airport, you have to remember that it is, quite literally, the BUSIEST AIRPORT IN THE WORLD.  As in, 83,606,583 passengers in 2004, according to Forbes' World Airport Guide.  That's a lot of freakin' people, people.Though I agree that there are some long lines, that can somewhat be avoided by checking in for your flight online.  As for the wait to get through security, there was only one time, during a particularly peak-hour flight prep, that I actually got tired of waiting.  I was spot-checked a couple of times as well, but the employees, though a bit curt, were professional and quick about their standard search and scan procedure.Once you're through security, there's less places to shop and eat, but there's still some good eats to be had (Moe's and Phillips were two of my faves, see reviews!).  The only problem I ever had here in this respect - twice - was that they ran out of Dramamine, which was only a precaution for me, anyway, and those who have a big problem with motion sickness usually have their own.Transit from one concourse to another is also a snap, since the subway-ish train runs constantly and, though a little crowded during busy times, gets you from place to place quickly.  This is also a fun place to people-watch, especially when people are on their cell phones and forget to hold on when the train brakes.  It's a cheap laugh, but hey, people, turn off your Bluetooth, already.Getting to and from is also easy with MARTA and taxis nearby, as well as easy drop-off & pick-up points, though you may wait in line a bit while people get in and out of cars.  What cracks me up about this airport is that there are two terminals - one for Delta, and the other for... absolutely everyone else.  This makes sense given that Delta's hub is close by, but it still made me laugh.Overall, despite the understandable crowds and some related inconveniences, I was happy with my multiple experiences at Hartsfield-Jackson.  If their numbers keep climbing, though, they're gonna have to expand soon!
<review# 2364,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2007,10/11/2007,96,234,2,3,3>I love this place like crazy.  I take classes here, and it's the best investment in myself that I've made since college.  It's a fabulous way to meet really great friends and be encouraged to act ridiculous.  The shows are fabulously entertaining and are sure to cheer you up after a hard day of work.  Thursday nights are free for ladies, and there are usually discounts on the website.  Niiiice.
<review# 2365,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2007,10/10/2007,311,245,7,3,2>When I walked into this place I thought that I had suddenly teleported into the movie 'Zoolander.'  The female waitresses looked and spoke like the assistants to Will Ferrel's character "Mugatu", and the male waiters and bartenders looked strikingly similar to a strung out European model. Like Blake said in his review, the place had the volume level of the music hiked up to the level where talking to your friends required leaning over the table one or two times a conversation and screaming "What did you say?!?!" .  The fact that they were playing strictly House Techno music on this particular night at Apres Diem made the place seem even more similar to a scene right out of 'Zoolander.'  I started to get excited when I began to think about the possibility of two of the waiters challenging one another to a "walk-off" at some point in the night.  Unfortunately, it never happened.Our particular waitress last night was pretty nice though.  As soon as I arrived and sat down with my party (2 hours tardy) she walked over, smiled, and said, "Vat can I get you."  During the rest of my stay I noticed she checked on us every 2-3 minutes for the depletion levels of our drinks and beer bottles, which makes you a winner in my book, no matter how little brain activity the task requires.What I enjoyed the most about Apres Diem was their surprisingly diverse selection of beer.  A decent high gravity selection of bottled beers can sometimes be hard to come by, so they automatically received an extra star for having a beer list that included at least 4 different high gravity selection.  My personal favorite high gravity beer selection on the menu was without any doubt the 'Duvel', which is 8.5% alcohol.  As soon as that last sip of Duvel was consumed I was finally able to laugh about my crazy night in Atlanta, and I really just felt better about life in general.After weighing in on what I thought of Apres Diem overall, I decided that I can't give this place too bad of a rating.  After all, the series of unfortunate events that took place before I arrived left me in a slightly cynical mood.  I sat in traffic from 'Screen on the Green' for two hours.  Initially, I was on my way to the park for the show stuck in traffic for about an hour with other people who were also traveling to see the show.  By the time I got close it began to rain like crazy and my friends called me saying they canceled the show so they were leaving to go hang out at Apres Diem.   Right around the time I would have been able to park near Piedmont and walk (in the pouring rain) my bad luck once again left me stuck in traffic; only this time, I was in traffic with the people who were leaving the show, with no possible way to escape due to a bumper to bumper stand still on both sides of the road.   Irony gave me one of the most terrible two-punch combos I have ever experienced that night.   Needless to say, it was one of the most horrible nights of Atlanta traffic that I have ever experienced.Then when I arrived at the shopping center where Apres Diem is located, it took me nearly 15 minutes to find a parking spot.  When I did find what felt like a gift from heaven parking spot, I had to run through sheets of rain that left me drenched for the remainder of the night.  I'm not complaining, I am just making it clear how unfortunate events can sometimes have a negative impact on your opinion of a business.
<review# 2366,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2007,10/9/2007,139,13,3,6,5>My roomie's bf works here, so naturally, you can find us at The Chocolate Bar at least two nights a week (plus the occasional 5:30 pm opening time drink).I have had every drink on the menu, and with the exception of the Chocolate Cosmo, you can't go wrong. The actual pieces of chocolate themselves are amaaaaaaazing and I'm not even a major chocolate fan. Best Drinks: the Chocolate Bar (ask for the old one, it's much better than the new) and the Mississippi Sidehand. And almost any wine. And the Chocolate Espresso, if you want something coffee-ish. Ok, so obviously I'm indecisive and pretty much everything on this menu is awesome.Best Dessert: Oreos and Milk. Not really an Oreo cookie...try it and you'll see what I mean.Apparently, starting in October they're getting a new line of "Fall Cocktails." Guess who will be there to check them out?Oh, and the service is all around good, but if you do make it over, ask for Philipp. Tell him that I sent you and that you want to see his movies...and make sure you leave a good tip because I'm gonna start charging him a cut just for dropping his name..Also, Decatur in general is awesome.Ok, I'm done.
<review# 2367,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2007,10/8/2007,183,150,5,2,3>Alon's you have made my job TOUGH. Once every 3 mths my job has a VIP come to Atlanta for a meeting. My boss tells me... " Angela, this guy is a real danish snob - can you make sure you have some great danishes for the meeting"? So I drive from midtown to virgina highlands early  in the morning (not far I know) to Alon's! The danishes are a HIT...he loves Alon's, and now I am this VIP's new best friend. When he comes to town we drive to Alon's for danishes and coffee.  Like I needed the extra work!!!  THANKS ALON'S!!!
<review# 2368,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2007,10/7/2007,6,5,,7,4>For me, there's this feeling of anxiousness and excitement I get every time I walk into a Barnes & Noble.  If you don't know this feeling, I'm pretty sure it compares to my g/f's  feeling when she finds a Bed, Bath and Beyond.      Rowans is definitely a place to get excited about. This store specializes in everything I love; books, music, movies, collectibles and games on the lo.      Rowans has the feel of a thrift store, with used gear and cheap prices, although, they do offer new products and is much more organized than the Goodwill next door.  The reasons I visit this place at least once a week are the ginormous selection and the helpful employees.  I'm amazed that this staff is able to keep all the media available  organized.   Today, as I was leaving when they were closing, I mentioned to an employee that I was looking for a certain author, but would return tomorrow during open hours.  I have never seen an employee actually run, especially after closing, in order to satisfy a customer, untill today.Rowans is great store where you can find some real treasures for cheap prices.  Open your schedule, if you are anything like me, b/c you will spend all day in there browsing.justin
<review# 2369,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2007,10/6/2007,15,111,,4,5>I truly believe that all healthy adults who are able should donate blood regularly.  Yes, the ARC calls my cell phone and harasses me relentlessly until I agree to make an appointment, but they are right-- I should go every 8 weeks.  The main donor center on Monroe is really nice and clean and the staff is really friendly and efficient.  My experiences there have been so good that I have quit going to blood drives all together, where I feel like the staff are usually not very professional and are not considerate of my time.  I donated on Saturday-- in by 2:15, out by 3:00!  No excuse not to go:)As Dad B. mentioned, you can make an appointment by calling 1-800-GIVE-LIFE.  You can also make an appointment online by going to givelife.org.
<review# 2370,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2007,10/5/2007,25,69,3,3,3>Went here and saw 3:10 to Yuma. Movie was awesome. We got there like two hours early and ate, bs-ed and dranky drank. The weather right now (september) is perfect for it. Bring a blanky though as it actually got a little cool for us and cuddling became mandatory, not a bad thing at all.The stars were out, the screen shone bright, the landfill loomed ominously in the background. It was super cool.I really really dug it, and will be back.I have been to Drive-Invasion here several times, but it's nice to go here without the festival atmosphere chaos. Really nice.
<review# 2371,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/26/2007,10/4/2007,2,61,2,4,3>The city has completely re-done the basketball court and the soccer field at Candler Park. Even with the drought, the field is in pretty good shape. If you're around on a weekend morning during the Latin league games you can buy some excellent (and thoroughly unlicensed) food from the venders that take advantage of the crowd.Bobby Jones played on the golf course back in the day. That's pretty cool.The kickball league is charming in its profound goofiness.Sadly, the pool features too many unattended children for my taste.
<review# 2372,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2007,10/3/2007,4,28,4,6,4>Easily the best bookstore in Atlanta, of any kind, hands down, no competition.  And it has been for over 20 years.  Actually, it's not just the best in the city--I've hunted through stacks all around the world, and I've NEVER seen a finer used and antiquarian bookstore.The selection is immense; the sheer quantity (and quality) of books available here easily surpasses what you'll find at a local library.  The proprietor is happy to help, and his expertise is impeccable.  He mainly stocks hardbacks and quality paperbacks (no Harlequins).  And the prices are RIGHT.Let me be clear:  This is not a get-in-and-out-in-five-minutes kind of bookstore.  This is a clear-my-afternoon-schedule-and-turn-off-my-cell immersion experience.  Also, it sure as hell ain't a where's-my-latte, can-I-get-a-raspberry-muffin bookstore.  This is a bring-in-a-drink-and-you-must-be-out-of-your-mind kind of place.  There are books from wall to wall and from floor to ceiling, with an occasional path cleared for your shopping convenience.The place isn't well-known, probably because of its location, because they don't advertise (and have zero web presence), and because it's all totally old school.  (They don't even have a cash register.)  Then again, the status quo is just fine for those of us who know and love Memorable Books.
<review# 2373,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2007,10/1/2007,196,345,5,5,>Have you ever woken up in the morning, looked in the mirror, and been overwhelmed by the thought "holy !@#$, my eyebrows are AMAZING"?It is a very nice way to start the week, let me tell you.
<review# 2374,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2007,9/30/2007,63,69,,7,4>My current favorite restaurant, and my vote for best new addition to the city!JCT's hidden location (behind Bachanalia, across from the way too crowded Taqueria del Sol... skip the tacos guys, get some fried chicken and truffle oil mac n' cheese!) makes it cute and secretive. For lunch, it's not crowded.I get the grilled cheese for grownups. its a big buttery texas-toast grilled cheese with 3 cheeses, a tomato, and a basil leaf. Side this with their pureed bean soup, and you've got a recipe for mmmmmmm!Anyone that went to this space when it was the thai restaurant MUST go back. You won't recognize it! Those black laquered pillars are gone, replaced with an inviting white space that really feels charming, with the daytime sun shining through the open baydoors looking into the garden. Not to mention the neat view of the railroad tracks (Jct. is the abbreviation for a railroad junction btw) This is not one of those average trendy hotspots! It's classy and delicious.
<review# 2375,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2007,9/29/2007,14,19,,6,5>On days I drive into work, I sometimes don't wake up as early as I like, so I forgo a hurried breakfast at home and stop into this J. Christopher's.  Located inside the Wachovia building, this one takes the cake for me because it's the only place I can go make a deposit both in my belly and the bank at the same time.  Note: They close at 2pm.Service is consistently speedy and friendly, food is basic morning fare, coffee is drinkable (I use tons of sugar and cream so what do I know anyway), and prices are reasonable, but then again, how badly can you screw up breakfast?Wait a minute.  I sense an impending random Waffle House comment from the peanut gallery...
<review# 2376,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2007,9/28/2007,193,304,,7,3>Small restaurant hidden in a plaza itself hard-to-find .  Interior is very clean and furnished comfortably.  Asian pop music plays in the background.It's mostly a specialty restaurant that focuses on Vietnamese barbecue, which when done right is among my absolute favorite things to eat.  I'm happy to report that after several visits this has been very much the case.  The meat comes juicy, tender, with nicely charred exterior, and unbelievably mouth-watering aroma.   The accompanying sauce is full of flavor but not invasive; the taste note is sophisticated and definitely a cut above what's served in most Vietnamese restaurants I've been to.  Interstingly, the cold spring roll appetizer is dipped in this sauce and not Nuoc Leo (peanut sauce).  Run down of entrees I eat there:Rice plates:  huge, great pork sausage, rice crushed nicely and smells greatBun:  nice touch with scallions and fried shallot (I think) finish, soaks up sauce nicely and my favoriteFlat vermicelli plate: do-it-yourself type of deal where meat, veggies, flattened cooked patches of rice vermicelli, sauce, and herbs are all separate and you wrap them up or eat however you like.  Messy for me but fun.  A little expensive but enough for two.  You can ask for rice paper if don't want to use lettuce as wrap, I think. Here I prefer beef over lamb over pork.  Haven't tried the whole fried (or grilled) fish or stews yet.  I can only surmise those will also put me in taste paradise.  Whether you regularly eat Vietnamese food, you should definitely give this place a try.
<review# 2377,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2007,9/27/2007,24,17,4,4,2>It never fails.  Each time i go to Smith's, I have a good time.  There are 2 bars (main and upstairs), a 2nd floor music venue, a pool/dart room, and other rooms for eating, etc.  The bartenders/servers, expecially Brad and Sam, are great ,  Always serving strong drinks (made correctly) and......they'll likely remember your name after the first or second visit.  The hummas and fried pickles are addicting.  On a busy night ,expect to wait in line for the bathroom.  Oh... and if your drunk, wearing heels, or both, don't use the one on the right.  I had to use my spiderman skills to actually tinkle IN the toilet as a result of the crazy toilet/wall placement.  ~cheers
<review# 2378,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2007,9/26/2007,20,27,2,7,5>My neighborhood secret. They are a really nice family restaurant that is slowly becoming very popular.  Make sure they bring you some cactus salsa - it's free and amazing.  Their menu is really bad for vegetarians, such as myself.  However, they will make you any thing that you ask for!  I usually ask them to put all of the veggies they have in the house into a big burrito, and put some avocado on the side.Finally, their margaritas are really strong.   Many a night I have gotten a little too drunk because I ordered a large margarita or three.
<review# 2379,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2007,9/25/2007,352,299,2,8,5>Praise all things holy!  What was formerly known as the love of my life restaurant, Tamarind, on 14th Street, has been reincarnated into Tamarind Seed, the newest addition to Colony Square.Tamarind Seed offers up the most exquisite Thai food in the city.  The food and service are beyond elegant and praise-worthy.  The servers dress in traditional-style dresses, which add to the genuine dining experience.I would travel hours to eat their sea bass special (prepared in a zesty sauce and served over a bed of spinach, accompanied by fried okra and eggplant).  Thankfully I don't have to drive hours, as Tamarind Seed is conveniently located in Midtown.Its sister restaurant, Nan, is the namesake of very talented executive chef, Nan Niyomkul.  I was fortunate enough to dine at Tamarind Seed for the first time when Chef Nan was cooking in the kitchen.  The ultimate treat.
<review# 2380,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/11/2007,9/24/2007,147,260,1,5,7>One Hot Cookie & Creamery opened a few months ago.  It is located in Emory Village, where the old Coldstone Creamery used to be.  One Hot Cookie is just like Coldstone Creamery, except you make your own cookie, instead of ice cream.  You order your cookie dough, and you choose your toppings.  Then they bake it in the oven, and voila, you get your customized, right-out-of-the-oven cookie.  You will be surprised at how many topping they offer.  For example, my boyfriend loves Rice Krispies Treats on Vanilla cookie dough - which I think is disgusting, by the way.  They also have ice cream bar, where you can order your toppings and they mix it - just like Coldstone Creamery.  But be warned, they don't have as many ice cream flavors as Coldstone does.  They also offer some lunch menus and drink menus, but I don't think anybody goes to One Hot Cookie for anything other than their cookies.I would give One Hot Cookie five stars, but I do not like their cookies too much.  I feel like they heat the cookie dough with a microwave - making the cookies too mushy.  In fact, it's so mushy that you have to use a spoon to "scoop" the cookies to eat them.  But where else can you get a hot cookie, all-year-around?
<review# 2381,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2007,9/23/2007,48,87,16,,4>This is the largest sushi restaurant in the world, and boasts an unparalleled selection of 500 tasty delicacies; I am so proud that one of the founders of Home Depot decided to get into the restaurant business.  Bernie Marcus has pulled off an amazing feat.   People come from all around the world for the food here.  It is divided into four differently themed dining rooms, featuring maki, sashimi, and sushi from around the world--but price for the buffet (this includes ALL dining rooms!) is only $24.00 per adult, with discounted pricing for senior citizens and kids.  It is also the only sushi restaurant I'm aware of that offers annual passes.  I don't know if that will fly or not.This is an all-you-can-eat restaurant...which is amazing for the price--I usually spend at least that much on a single plate of food at Ru San's, and they're on the lower price scale of other places I've been to.  (How do they do it?)It is best to arrive before 10:00 am or after 4:00 and reservations are an absolute must.  They have a great website where you can pick your time and pre-pay for your meal--especially handy if you're booking for a large family gathering.It is also GREAT for groups...and located very close to the Georgia World Congress Center.  If you're a meeting planner and are organizing conventions, this restaurant is a must-have on your speed dial for those important business dinners.They have the most amazing youth sushi education/outreach program.  School districts thoughout the state organize massive field trips to introduce rural youth to the dazzling artistry of the most comprehensive sushi menu outside of Japan.  The sight of buses lining up outside the main entrance warms my heart--when I was a kid, I had never even HEARD of sushi, much less tried so much of it in such an interactive learning experience.  (I admit that I am still a little new to sushi...but am quickly becoming an enthusiastic raw fish eater.)Georgia public schools are training tomorrow's gourmets and, as a Georgia native, this makes me swell with pride.  I think the nation's belief that southerners are provincial is finally on the way out...Atlanta is leading the way in the New South!This restaurant is a truly hands-on!  The "Georgia Explorer" is set as kind of an educational kids' table, where they can start with native Georgia coastline species--I assume the concept is that tactile familiarity leads to exploration of unusual foods.  There is a huge open tank full of small rays set low so the kids can reach right in and grab a live appetizer before they move to various main courses in the other dining rooms.Whenever I go, I like to show some of the more bashful kids that it is okay to reach right in and pick up a ray.  (I used to be a camp counselor and I guess I've never outgrown my desire to guide youth and expand their horizons.)Take your first bite in the area right behind the tail; this is where the ray's meat is tastiest.  The tail may whip around a bit as you sink your teeth into the flesh, but the minor pain is a small price to pay for a delicacy.  It doesn't get any more fresh than that!  I think it is fun to be with the kids as they try something so new, so different.  Some of the more squeamish tikes get grossed out and scream when you show them how to eat a ray, but that's okay...it is all in the interest of guiding future generations.  After all, children are the future and our greatest natural resource!Other rec: I haven't tried the spider rolls yet, but this restaurant has the LARGEST cold-water spider crabs I've ever seen.  If you do go to order the spider rolls, you should go with a large group.  A single order could fill you up and you'd still have a large box to take home with you.If you can't tell already, I'm a huge fan.  I've barely scraped the surface of the extensive menu and plan to make this my regular place when I'm jonesing for some fish.
<review# 2382,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/10/2007,9/22/2007,39,55,4,2,3>God, I hate Ikea.  I wish I weren't so Ikea-dependent.  It's always busy, very stressful, a little overwhelming and in the end you always end up walking out with WAY more than you intended to purchase.  At the same time, it's really convenient being off the highway and right in Atlantic Station.  It's super cheap, but don't get me wrong - you get what you pay for.  The $20 furniture is CRAP but hey, it's $20.  I found that if you pay a little more for the "nicer" stuff it doesn't look like garbage and it will last you longer than a year.  My bed and bookshelf are "nice" Ikea goods, but I spent more on them because I wanted them to look good in my place.  Trust me, I've looked elsewhere I promise!  And all the new hip, chic, or whatever you want to call them, designer furniture stores LOOK exactly like Ikea but about 5 times the price.  So if you want a cool look for your space you're in the right place.  Just prepare yourself for lines, crowds, and confusion once you arrive.  I don't wish Ikea on anyone but it has become one of those necessary evils of modern day life in the big city.-----------------------------Edit (9 Sept 2007):I failed to mention that I also purchased an orchid from Ikea.  Yes, a real live flower.  It's actually really pretty and the blooms are alot bigger than on orchids I've seen elsewhere.  Apparently the Swedes also grow steroid enhanced decorative plants in addition to trendy minimalist furniture.  The flower looks great in my room.  I'm tempted to add an additional star... let's say 3.5 for evening out the Feng Shui.
<review# 2383,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2007,9/21/2007,63,63,4,6,3>First girl to review this place, yeah girls go here too, for the PBR.  This place is disgustingly awesome.  It is an Atlanta landmark and really fun to take unsuspecting friends there after a VERY crazy night.  I don't recommend going sober.  Blondie is a lifer at the Clermont and she has many stupid human trick up her sleeve...er if she had clothes on they would be up her sleeve.  For an additional $20 she will chug a PBR and crush the can with her massive jugs.  I don't know a single person who actually goes to the Clermont for your typical reasons of going to an Adult Entertainment venue, it is strictly for laughs and rare occasions.  Don't make a habit of it but you've got to go once.  They wouldn't rap about it in so many songs if it wasn't worth the trip!
<review# 2384,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2007,9/20/2007,6,1,,3,3>It was my first visit to Brew House and the little five area in general.  Not a bad experience for a first timer.  But, the service left a lot to be desired.  The potato skins weren't my favorite but the atmosphere was good and minus the wind from a fan the patio it's great. It's worth a second visit and if you want to take friends its a great place to hang out and catch up!
<review# 2385,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2007,9/19/2007,55,46,,4,4>Twisted Taco has been one of my favorite spots for a good time and lots of laughs. It is not pretentious at all, like some of its neighbors. Everyone is there to have a good time, get drunk or both. There is no real dance floor but I have always had a blast dancing there wherever I could find the room. Kareoke is hysterical on the top floor- reminds me of the new show The Singing Bee.
<review# 2386,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2007,9/18/2007,33,32,,4,5>My old friend Brent, the one who first turned me on to Cafe Diem and the orginal 11th St Vortex, also first told me about a little dance club and bar called MJQ, in the basement of the old Ponce Hotel on Ponce de Leon Ave in Midtown.  This was the early '90s, when George Chang, a "very tall Chinese Swede", owned the place, and regularly appeared at some point during the evening to say hello to folks, in his quiet unassuming and very humble way, sort of making sure we were all having a good time.  Brent and I went a few times back then, and what I loved most about it, besides the little "chill" area with overstuffed sofas and chairs and a TV that showed martial arts films on perpetual loops, was the music, and the little dark dance floor where anyone and everyone could move however the spirit made him/her.  No judgments, no trying to impress anyone, at any time.  Just cheap beer, including imports, impressive DJs who knew what we wanted to hear, and a dark and cool ambiance just right for letting loose on the floor.Later, when MJQ opened a little farther down Ponce, in an old garage beneath a parking lot, the "underground" vibe took on a whole new meaning, and it was no longer about looking for the single green lightbulb outside the Ponce's basement door, but looking for the shack above the garage, no sign, just knowing where it was, and that, in and of itself, held its own meaning.When Brent and I went out, we never paid to get in.  He would nod to the man by the door and in we went, down the ramp to the bar, which was lit by red lights before they were blue, and the ceiling leaked when it rained, and the place was dark and hip and moody, and after a few $2 Bass Ales the music would amp up and we'd hit the floor.  MJQ Concourse (as it was now called) still had the dance floor to beat all, a place where it truly seemed that anyone could dance with anyone, or all alone, all ages, all races, all kinds of people accepted and welcomed, and we were all one big writhing mass of flesh and sweat, the crowd separating when the baby powder hit the cement floor, and the B-boys were on their way to break and amaze us all.At some point the laws changed, and alcohol could no longer be served late, so bars closed early, and this included MJQ, unfortunately.  It became a bit of a drag to wait for the right time to arrive, only to have to leave before the lights came up - no more hours and hours of dancing until knees could stand it no more.A second room opened for Brit Pop, a bar with an actual "wall of words" next to it, a place to sit and order shots of Ouzo and read the words, thinking what to add if only one could.  Admittedly, I don't go out to MJQ like I used to - I think at some point I grew old and wasn't sure it held for me what it once had, but if you're of a certain age, and you want a good time at a really unpretentious dance club and bar, I really couldn't recommend it highly enough.  It helps to know its history, and that Chang is now passed on, and the vibe still remains, a testament to the concept, and the whole underground nature.  It's still got a lot of what it once had, just a good place to drink cheaply, to dance, and to be yourself, whatever that may be.
<review# 2387,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2007,9/17/2007,27,71,4,2,5>Kevin Rathbun Steak Haiku ReviewAntlers fly acrossa sky of dark wood, whilegrand steaks rest below.
<review# 2388,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/1/2007,9/16/2007,137,163,6,3,3>Ok... your may not want to believe it but you are getting older. You can go on and wear Puma's everyday and purchase small t-shirts that have quirky 80's ad on them and be as "indie" as you want to be but somewhere you have to understand your trying to hold on to a time that has passed you buy.Urban Outfitters is a painful reminder. Wall to wall college girls who still do thier laundry at thier parent's house but live in a loft downtown drive me crazy. Morgage payments? Child support? Overwhelming guilt? what's that...well maybe the guilt.... after all that Land Rover is polluting the air and may be holding us back from bringing our troops home (hey but I don't have a Prius yet either...)And boyfriends? What boyfriends.... those limp wristed boys care more about skinny jeans than chicks with cool hair and bubble butts.The book section is neat. You could browse the "position of the day book", the "bartender bible" or the cool skatedecks as art books.The clearance section is where I spend my15 minutes of fame when I'm here (and I only stop by if I have to pick up something from the Apple store, I really can't be in shopping malls for too long).The clearance section has deals on Paul Frank, Volcom and Penguin. It's Hot Topic for the children of privilage (Hot Topic is pretty much for the chilren of Krank dealers, at least in my visits....nice zipper pants).
<review# 2389,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2007,9/14/2007,798,530,6,9,8>The Glenn Hotel is probably known to us Atlanta locals as the resting place of the now defunct B.E.D., but it still has it's 'hotel bar' thing going. Do not come here for the crowd. This is the kind of place to bring a group of friends and take over the bar, infusing fun and debauchery throughout. You'll meet mostly hotel guests - we met conventioneers with name tags, an entire wedding party, a hip mom that just turned 50 from Cumming celebrating and some dudes that looked straight out of an 80s music video - and maybe a few locals. Do come here for the rooftop bar. It's amazing. Ten or so stories up, it's an incredible view of downtown Atlanta. Full bar (and restroom!) on the roof, with trendy wicker furniture and small tables scattered throughout. The downstairs lobby bar has a DJ, who emerged from his booth and joined our dance party of my friend that turned 25, the suburban mom celebrating her 50th, and the middle aged wasted guy dancing in circles.  We got busted for sneaking a birthday cake onto the 'absolutely no food allowed' rooftop, which caused some, um, issues with the management. However, not stressful enough to prevent me from toasting the city with my glass of champagne and giving the Glenn Hotel Bar and rooftop four stars - for the skyline view and lovely randomness.
<review# 2390,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2007,9/11/2007,8,19,2,6,4>No need to beat around the bush with this one.....dollar-for-dollar Yami has the best sushi in town.  Great assortment, great price.  My fiance and I have eaten there a handful of times and its always a pleasure.  Friendly staff, quaint decor, easy access.  The one draw back is that the wait can be a little long for certain items, but most times its definitely worth the wait.  Beyond my staples of Unagi and Spciy Tuna, I highly recommend the Orange Crunch Roll (salmon tempura w/a spicy mayo sauce).  I hear they deliver too (campusfood.com) so its a great option for a movie night with friends.
<review# 2391,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2007,9/9/2007,35,46,2,5,3>Copelands Famous New Orleans Restaurant and Bar is very easily confused with Copelands Cheesecake Bistro & the Oh-so famous, "Cheesecake Factory." So make sure you google it, and figure out exactly the one I'm talking about..Back to the Story...Copelands Famous New Orleans Restaurant and Bar is one of my favorite spots in the Greater Smyrna area to visit on my lunch breaks. Located right next door to Don Pablo's, You really cant miss it's corner location. Personally, I dont ever go here, unless I'm prepared to blow my entire diet for the day!!! Its that good!!! I generally do not order an appetizer due to the filling nature of the entree itself...But if you feel oh so inclined to do so..I recommend the Artichoke and Spinach Dip...This is an oh so creamy artichoke and spinach dip topped with MontereyJack and served with fried bow tie pasta. Seriously Taste-T.Salads are great, but be prepared to have the wait staff rattle the dressings off at you at rapid fire speed. And if you ask to have the list repeated, be prepared to receive a little attitude...lol. It's actually kinda funny.OKay...and for the lunch entree..Chrissy likes the Oh so satisfying and life changing- Copeland Burger for 8.99...Its topped with Monterey Jack, cheddar cheese, crispy bacon, beefy mayo and Tiger sauce on a croissant. With fries or Onion rings on the side. You definitely leave that place in what I call a "Food-Coma" Unable to concentrate, slow to think, and in denial that you have to return to work...Oh, how i have wished for a bed after meals at Copelands. Talk about a damn good Hamburger. Juicy, Greasy, Cheesy, Freakin Amazing!!!! Heart-Attack on a Plate : Yes.Cheesy & Greasy: Yes.Life Changing French Fries: YesBest on a Croissant: YesLife Changing: YesI suggest ordering ranch dressing to dip your french fries in..It really gives the french fries that extra lil something that they need. Lol. actually they are great by themselves, I'm just a fan of dipping fries in Ranch Dressing. Food: 5Atmosphere: 3 (dark)Service: 4Recommendations: Spinach & Artichoke DipCOPELAND BURGER on a CroissantFrench Fries w/ Ranch DressingAll in All: Seriously the Best Cheeseburger of My Life!
<review# 2392,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2007,9/8/2007,10,30,,6,6>Life Grocery is a smallish grocery store co-op with a good selection on veg-head and organic, healthful foods given it's small size. The produce selection isn't extensive, but what they have there is quality. As a co-op, Life is customer focused and the staff is super helpful. When I go up here, I buy what I can at Life because I want to support them and then I suppliment the few things I couldn't find by going across the way to Harry's/Whole Foods.I think my favorite part of the store is the Cafe they run next door. The delicious food is priced by weight, and it's very reasonable. It is a "live" food bar and is, I believe, vegan-friendly (though I could be wrong; it is most definitely vegetarian). The drinks behind the counter are tasty and the vibe is laid back. It is a great place to go for a healthy feel-good lunch.
<review# 2393,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2007,9/6/2007,119,243,1,13,8>I am proud to be the first to talk about Ink and Dagger Tattoo Parlour, which just opened this week (June 19). My friend Russ Abbott, who is an amazing tattoo artist, left the awesome 13 Roses in East Atlanta, and ventured out to start his own tattoo parlour, and Ink and Dagger was born. Located on West College Ave, just a stone's throw from Decatur (which makes it THE place to get tattooed in Atlanta), this little shop has a old feel, with a newness that totally takes the traditional image of a tattoo parlour being a rugged, hardcore place, to a well designed, friendly, and open place. Located a couple doors over from Wahoo, you really get the neighborhood feel at this shop, because of the close proximity to the hot neighborhoods of Oakhurst and Decatur. If you are looking to get tattooed anywhere in or around Atlanta, GA, THIS is your place!This little shop may be small, but the talent of the artists is gargantuan. If you want a fantastic piece of art that you can enjoy on your body for the rest of your life, look no further; you have found the place where you can get it. Russ is joined by Malia, another fantastic artist, and together, they bring experience in tattooing together with sheer artistic talent. I highly recommend that if you are thinking about getting a tattoo, that you run to Ink and Dagger and get yourself on the schedule as soon as possible. After knowing Russ for over a year now, and having him do a few pieces on me, I know that the schedules of he and Malia are going to be full. Again, I can't speak highly enough about this shop, because it is THE place to get tattooed in Atlanta. If you want to go beyond the simple idea of getting tattooed, into the realm of acquiring a work of art for you to display on your body, THIS is the place to go. Truly professional, truly talented, and truly amazing. This is the only place I will get tattooed, and it should be the same for you.
<review# 2394,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2007,9/5/2007,5,10,2,3,3>Hell to the yeah.Thanks to the review Chase wrote, I found out about this place and just HAD to try their vegan pizza.  I too called in a pick-up order and zoomed over there after work.  Ahead of me in line when I arrived was a tiny crackhead who had what appeared to be an irresistable urge to scratch his skin off.  He got a cup to use at the soda fountain and was on his way.  During this observation, I noticed they were (loudly) playing Black Sabbath...very cool.  Anyways, I paid for my pizza and was on my way (while being harrassed by some guys saying "hey baby, can i get a slice of yo pizza?).  I got into my car, opened the lid and there it was....the tastiest looking vegan pizza ever.  It smelled awesome, too.We sped home, popped 'Naked Lunch' into the DVD player and devoured the pizza.  Hubby didn't like all the vegetables on it, so he flicked them back onto the plate.  (I ordered the vegan deluxe - soy sausage, soy pepperoni, soy cheese, black olives, onions and green peppers).  I thought they were delicious and enjoyed the sweet tomato sauce and crispy crust.Definately a rad pizza place who will be getting our business from now on.  Oh, and the people seemed nice who worked there.  Could barely hear them over the music, though....but when it's Black Sabbath, who really cares what they're saying.
<review# 2395,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2007,9/3/2007,365,288,1,4,5>Upon landing in Atlanta for a business trip, and texting an old friend about hooking up, he immediately gave me directions to go directly to meet him at Buckhead Diner so that this Cali native might get some sensible southern cooking in him.I do love me some good southern cooking, and while locals may not think southern when they come here, to me it has that local flavor that is unique to this part of the country.I loved the atmosphere, and the fusion of modern and classic all under one roof.  The food, I have to admit, was somewhat unremarkable for the price, but I get the sense that this place is an institution not necessarily for the food but for the whole package.  Granted, my underwhelming sensation on the food may have been effected by the time change as my clock said it was 5:30pm even though my watch said 8:30.This place seems like a lot of fun for a special occasion as it's festive, loud, lively and spirited.
<review# 2396,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/8/2007,9/2/2007,2,6,1,7,3>Looks can be deceiving...this Ethiopian restaurant in an old Burger King does NOT include a drive-thru, although it appears to (we were thrown off by that for a while). The inside is decorated with beautiful drawings, as well as some tie-dye sheets and Dead-head posters around what appears to be a stage. The restaurant includes a bar and a large screen TV, which was tuned in to soccer in Spanish. We went around 7 on a Sunday night; there were a few people at the bar, but the restaurant seating was virtually empty.The server/bartender was friendly and efficient. We ordered the Combo #3 for two; we'd only had Ethiopian once before, so we ordered it mild so as not to be put off by the spiciness. We were surprised that the two side dishes were to be ordered, not off the menu of sides, but from the vegetarian section of the menu. I'd highly recommend the combo if you're not familiar with Ethiopian food, since it includes beef, lamb, and chicken, and offers a wide variety of different flavors. The food came out fairly quickly -- a large platter with bread on the bottom, covered with our 3 combo selections, 2 side selections, and a salad, all on one platter. It was accompanied by a small basket with little rolls of bread, to be used to pick up the food in place of utensils. It was much easier to eat this way than I expected!! We thought the food was great -- we especially liked the beef tib. The chicken was one big piece, still on the bone, which was the only thing that was a little tricky to manage. The spice was quite mild, as requested -- next time we'll try it medium.Although we thoroughly enjoyed everything -- between two of us, we couldn't finish everything on the plate -- we'd both recommend pacing yourself. The spongy bread expands in your stomach, resulting in a not-so-pleasant slightly sick feeling after the meal. This could probably be avoided by taking your time and stopping as soon as you feel slightly full.Overall, we really enjoyed this restaurant and will definitely return. Happy eating!**Update: Two days later, my fiance and I are both still sick! No matter how good the food is, it's not worth this. Although I'm sure it's an isolated incident, we will be a bit cautious about going here in the future...
<review# 2397,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2007,9/1/2007,0,0,2,4,5>This place used to be Troncalli Nissan, but was purchased by Nalley about two months ago.  For those of you who have read my review on Troncalli, I felt a need to update it with a new, and more recent experience.After much thought and consideration, we have decided to downsize our cars.  Frankly, we have been paying more for our two cars and insurance than our mortgage, and that just seems silly.So, I wanted a mid-sized sedan and was considering the Accord, Camry, and Altima.  After driving both the Accord and Camry on Friday, I went to Nalley Nissaan to test drive the Altima yesterday. GOD, was it a long day.  We arrived around 11:00am and didn't leave until 7:00pm.  Some good points:  They have a very wide selection of cars.  The person we dealt with was Jeff, one of the managers.  He was really nice, not pressuring at all.  He could tell when we wanted to discuss something in private, and stepped out on his own!  LOVE THAT!  He also was courteous enough to offer us water and even some of the Indian Food they brought in for the staff as lunch!One of my favorite things about this dealership is the test drive process.  They simply give you the key and let you go where ever you want to.  I think this is much better than the typical test drive simply because you don't have a sales person talking the whole time in the back seat...trying to close the deal on the drive, like "well, what do you think" fourteen times!  It also gives you a chance to drive the way you want and discuss if someone else is with you.We also ended up with a very good price on the car.  We ended up purchasing it for almost $4K under sticker and they were able to flip a very large amount of negative equity that I had in my BMW.All in all, a great experience.  They are however, very slow when it comes to working out numbers, which can be a little frustrating and draining.  I have never been so tired in my life after making a new car purchase!  But hey, I've had Nissans before and know several people who have, and they are very reliable and run forever!Word to the wise though, if you are looking at the same class of cars I was, the Altima, Accord, and Camry, take a serious look at the Altima.  It looks better, inside and out, drives better than both other options, has a lower sticker price to start with...and.....we almost bought a Camry, but came home and read online reviews through Edmunds.com and Yahoo.com.....the Camry has gotten awful reviews.No matter what you decide to get, read at least a few reviews first!  I never would have thought the Camry would have gotten the reviews it did!  Good luck and have fun.  Remember if you go here, ask for JEFF!
<review# 2398,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2007,8/31/2007,18,5,5,2,1>Blueberry Cornbread.No seriously, Blueberry Cornbread.  The stuff is amazing, but sometimes it's stale. They have this hot lunch organic arty food station there.  Where you can go eat organic arty foods and sit outside and thumb your nose at passers by.  It's amazing.On another note, the other day I was there, eating some sort of tofu-koi organic-meat-spring-roll, and I noticed I had some of the aforementioned stuck in my teeth.  Being without floss I decided to use one of their recycled napkins to remove said food.  Well, a large chunk of the napkin ripped off and became lodged in my mouth.I proceeded to run around the store with my mouth closed (to hide my shame), looking to buy some organic dental floss.  I had to settle on some organic toothpicks, however.  They taste like campfire and cost me $7.  They're glorious.Did I mention it's next to a Borders? Double score.
<review# 2399,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2007,8/30/2007,17,18,2,5,3>No soysage, organic eggs or turkey bacon here, but Mammy's serves an awesome, if greasy, breakfast.  Biscuits are delicious, basic, real.  And the sign on Memorial says there are 21 styles!  Part of the menu is handwritten on a chalkboard on one end of the main room, and the rest appears to be tacked up here and there, but I got the impression that you basically order what you want to eat.Food is served with warmth and charm, and we didn't get scowled at as we lingered over coffee.  Breakfast all day, and I've heard (although haven't experienced) that lunch is a pretty solid meat-and-two.
<review# 2400,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2007,8/28/2007,17,39,3,5,2>Where else can you get a jigsaw puzzle,  fart machine, a flower pot, board games, sewing supplies & kitchen gadgets,  the old school way in atlanta?!! It reminds me of the old Woolworth's on a smaller scale but no diner! It's total randomness and i love it. great for children- lots of stuffed animals and junk for them :) I also learned about my favorite stain remover here. seriously i put it in everyone's stocking at Christmas. It's called GONZO. buy it. it's magic.  they have little spray bottles of it at the register.
<review# 2401,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2007,8/27/2007,96,123,,6,4>Can't decide if the food or the beer is better.They have such an eclectic mix of food - anyone can find something great on the menu. I usually opt for their pizzas (think granny smith apples and and serrano ham), but the duck both ways is another great entree.As for the beer, if you are a beer aficionado and appreciate a complex beer like Chimay, this is the place for you. It's hard to go wrong with any of the choices.Back all that up with great, friendly service and you've got a great place to take out-of-towners.I especially like it when they have the singles mixers going on. They always put them on the patio, so you get entertainment with your dinner ;-)
<review# 2402,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2007,8/26/2007,458,1067,5,6,6>Only in Atlanta could you find such an amazing entertainer who goes around and literally marches to his own drummer.  His appearances throughout the city at random street corners or down Peachtree always make me smile.  I'm glad that he loves himself so much that he can parade around as our official Ambassador of Mirth and bring gladness to people.I hope that one day he reaches his goal of being invited on The Ellen DeGeneres Show as he would be the perfect guest and she would appreciate his energy as much as we do.
<review# 2403,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2007,8/24/2007,3,9,20,15,12>I'd like to think that if I ever won an award for anything I would thank my mom, my best friend ,and Burger win(g).I have their number on speed dial in my cell phone. I usually call them when I'm on my way out of the bar. The delivery guy has come in my apartment and chilled for a while a few times( sorry if anyone was waiting on food!). They know my name, my number, my apartment code, and my credit card information. haha. They are the nicest people and are always really happy about making your food and delivering it! To prove how amazing they are, one night around 2 am, me and my significant other ordered some wings, but come to find out we are completely out of beer! So we got the crazy idea to see if the delivery guy would buy us some beer from the gas station next to burger win and just add it onto our tab.....HE TOTALLY DID IT.So I not only got my delicious teriyaki wings but also a 6 pack of highlife. Thank you very much burger win!There are two things on the menu that i highly suggest:-teriyaki wings (they don't really taste like teriyaki but they are good as hell!)-mu sho pork wrap (it comes wrapped up in a tortilla and is enough food to feed atleast 2 people)-oh and i don't think this is on the menu anymore but I think it was called "The American Burger" and it was a cheeseburger with a chicken wing and a hot dog on it. YEAH...thats what i said.Also the review below me says they delivery every night, but they are actually closed on monday night...they need a break too!!
<review# 2404,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2007,8/23/2007,216,382,5,4,6>Krystal burgers are small, about 2 inches square. They have a sliver of a burger patty, some mustard, a pickle and optionally, cheese. In these ways, yes, its similar to a White Castle Burger. BUT THEY ARE NOT THE SAME, IT IS BLASPHEMOUS TO MAKE SUCH A CLAIM.  Krystal could never hope to replicate the bliss one gets when eating a White Castle. I dream of White Castle at night.White Castle buns are less doughy and they have a very tasty Dusseldorf mustard (the likes of which I have YET to find in any store down south) while Krystal Burgers have doughy rolls and use plain yellow mustard.I don't want to dump on Krystal too much, or make this whole review about White Castle.... I really do like Krystal, and here's three quick reasons why:1. They have a great overall menu. I love their chili cheese pups (mini chili dogs) and corn pups (mini corn dogs)  2. Especially nice is the fact that you can substitute tasty sides like the chicken bites for their bland fries in combo meals. 3. Almost all Krystal locations are open and serve burgers 24 hours a day. Great for those late-night hunger attacks, or burgers for breakfast. Mmmm.
<review# 2405,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2007,8/22/2007,22,49,3,3,3>Hey, I'm a vegetarian and I love this place.  My boyfriend is omnivorous and enjoys a good burger. This place uses fresh ingredients - not frozen beef, high grade.The veggie sandwich is really good!  Cheese, lettuce, tomato, and grilled shrooms, if you please.  They have assured me that they cook the veggies on a different grill from the cow flesh.  :)Best fries - ever.  Fried in peanut oil and they give you a lot of them.  They have vinegar, also!  Downside:  they use styrofoam.  :(
<review# 2406,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/31/2007,8/21/2007,60,61,2,3,4>Not the best, but I'd say pretty decent Mexican food at La Casita.  cantinalacasita.comThe outside seating area was nice.. we were able to tie the dogs up right next to us, so that's cool.Cheap margaritas starting at $4-5.  My only real critique would be that they were playing some slow country tunes on the radio (and not the cool old rockstar type like Johnny C, Walyon and Willie, but it was the American Idol kind of Country) ...  which normally wouldn't be the vibe I'd go for at a Mexican spot, let alone a Mexican restaurant in East Atlanta.  But for decent food, cheap margaritas, outside seating in a chill location, I'd go back.  Maybe next time, they'll be playing better music ;)
<review# 2407,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2007,8/20/2007,81,215,,5,4>I finally made it to the famous Fat Matt's!  And luckily I wasn't disappointed.  I'm always leery of bbq joints that aren't located in the "hood" because I'm never quite sure what I'm gonna get.  So when boyfriend came to visit from L.A. we decided to check it out.  I was pleasantly surprised,  We shared a slab of ribs, got baked beans and potato salad.  The ribs were incredibly tender.  A definite recommendation.
<review# 2408,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2007,8/19/2007,71,42,,5,2>You never have to settle for a mediocre manicure / pedicure / wax ever again. Nail Vision Salon is a family owned business with three highly skilled and friendly women. They take pride in their store by making sure it is meticulously cleaned every night and you are satisfied with every service you receive. How many times have you gotten a barely passible pedicure with no attention to every little detail of your feet? Go to Mimi (co-owner) for the best pedicure you've received. Formerly with Nail Talk & Tan in Midtown, she left and opened up her own salon in Rock Springs Plaza with her niece Suzan, and friend, Bonnie. Suzan gave me a wonderful manicure, exactly what I wanted (cuticles pushed back, not cut) as well as a neck rub. I commented on her beautiful nails, so natural and healthy, I was really envious...and of course, they were done by Bonnie.  I seriously cannot tell you what a gem Nail Vision Salon is. Even if you have to travel far, they are so worth your time. Please tell Mimi that Addy gushed and gushed about her salon. She's really awesome.
<review# 2409,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2007,8/18/2007,16,67,,8,3>This was awesome!!!I went here with my girlfriend and her mom for the first time.  I had the stuffed pork chops...they warned me that I wouldn't be able to finish it.  Being a guy with a healthy appetite i scoffed at such a warning!  I was wrong...haha.  The portions were HUUUGE!  I probably had enough for three meals.  And it was good too, all for less than $15.  My girl and her mom split an entree between the two of them and they had enough to go home too.  The desserts are delicious as well.  awesome cakes.  This is definitely a favorite.
<review# 2410,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2007,8/16/2007,8,6,,3,4>An Ultra-lounge...Where the music thumps loudly but very few people dance.  Limited seating, but that just forces you to make the rounds. I was a little worried about clothes...but my pair of nice jeans and a button-up oxford with the sleeves rolled up...worked out well.Since returning to Atlanta, it's one of the few places I have visited where I felt it was an older crowd.  It was a diverse crowd (gender, race, sexual preference), which is one of the things that makes Atlanta great.  Having lived in Nashville for most of the last 6 years, you don't see that very often.Some people have written about drinks being a bit more pricey here.  I believe we paid $6 for Jack & Coke, and the drink was well made...strong but still tasty.  Limited street parking.  We paid 4 or 5 bucks to park in a nearby garage.I'll be going back.
<review# 2411,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/15/2007,8/14/2007,722,577,2,8,2>I love reviewing restaurants that have scores that range between 2 and 5 -- it gives you such freedom to review -- and yet never feel out of line!Well, the strengths of Bhojanic is it's atmosphere.  Cozy, dimly lit and plushly upholstered, the candles and live music add to the sense of a local community joint.  Relaxed, and chill, it must bear some resemblance to the other side of the Atlantic where slowly but surely, traditional British fare is being replaced by S Asian verve.  This is such a place.  It's like a British pub... Kingfisher, Taj Mahal, and other indian beers are available with requisite domestic selections.But what about the food?  It's decent.That's a good start.  But that's as far as I can go.  If it weren't down the street from a couple other Indian joints, (Though this place is N. Indian -- no Dosai here!), it would probably get higher marks for food... but it is next to such establishments.  In that light, the food is not so hot (no pun intended).Here's the difference.  If you're bringing a date -- that you don't know really, really well yet -- this is a good place.  Shi-shi enough and intimate enough so that you can enjoy each other's company.  The food doesn't distract you with intolerable flavours -- leaving you to enjoy the evening.  On the other hand, if food turns you and your date on, I'd rethink the plan.  It's competent, not brilliant.3 for food.4 for ambiance.
<review# 2412,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2007,8/13/2007,354,392,,10,3>I am so in love right now.My mom called me today and told me the AJC had an article about a new vegan shop that opened next to Johnny's Pizza in Inman Park.So, of course I ran out the door to check it out!I was in vegan heaven.  Cute shoes, nice belts, awesome purses and wallets, all vegan.  They also have a great selection of beauty supplies  (for men and women) that would pretty much cover anything you need- from deodorant to nail polish to...vegan condoms?  Yep, they have 'em!  They also have a great selection of vegan vitamins and supplements.  Finally!  I don't have to dig through millions of vitamins trying to figure out what is vegan and what is not!Then there's the food- it's all the specialty vegan stuff you can't even get at veggie grocers!  Just to name a few things- marshmallow fluff, vegan redi-whip, cheeses (and bulk chreese!!), cookie dough, chocolate candies, vegan lasagna and manicotti, donut holes, I could go on for days.People, this place has been open for a month and I didn't know about it.   Apparently no one on here did either as I am the first to review it!  I talked with the owner today and she said they got a lot more traffic today since the AJC article.  She also said she can try to find any vegan brand you can't seem to find in town and will try to order it in for you.  Love it.Vegans and vegetarians, tell all your friends and bring yourself over here to support our new vegan friend!!  If you can't make it into town, you can also order from their website!Okay, now let me finish this manicotti, I've already scalded the roof of my mouth, but it's so damned good!
<review# 2413,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2007,8/12/2007,229,283,5,4,3>Order Another Round of Pitchers of PBR!!!Tuesday nights are packed here with all the alcoholic youngsters at Moe's and Joe's in the Highlands. If you catch your co-worker slouched over their keyboard or nodding off during the meeting Wednesday morning, chances are they had one too many $3 dollar PITCHERS (not pints) of nasty, bland PBR. After trying to parallel park twice on a side street, it was easy to follow the crowd of people heading to this well packed, noisy bar with people overflowing outside the door. The bouncer is strict, so remember to retrieve your ID from your jeans pocket from the night before girls - if you drink on a Tuesday, chances are you drink on a Monday, so don't pretend that you don't! People apparently write all over the corked, bulletin board walls in the spaces not taken up by the many beer signs and posters. So in addition to your ID, bring a sharpie (you can be that super trendy person from those Sharpie commercials who carries the little, colored sharpies wherever she goes and changes the world) and add your favorite quotes to the already picture covered walls. Throughout the night, I had the pleasure of meeting and talking to all the different people who attend this weekly gathering. There were the cutely dressed sorority girls from UGA standing in line for the one stall bathroom (you have a better chance going in the bushes around the street corner). I met a girl who just moved to Atlanta from France who was shocked that every American woman owns and wears a strapless bra. I sat next to this guy whose nickname is "Stoney" even those he doesn't smoke. And worst (or best of all depending on if you like this little fact), there was a guy with a popped collar! Yes! I informed him that the popped collar came and left Atlanta about 3 years ago and asked him why he insisted on popping. He replied that he was from Jersey, and that they've been popping the collar since the 60s. He then proceeded to tell me that he was a junior at Emory and a brother in a Jewish fraternity there (typical). So that gives you an idea of the crowd. After my two mini plastic solo cups of PBR, I left the sardine filled bar happy to get away from the smoke.
<review# 2414,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2007,8/11/2007,54,37,17,4,4>Oh Brick Store, you saucy wench... why don't I love you more?Let me be counting the STARS....STAR #1 & #2First you tempt me with your heady Eurotrash beers, full of punk and lightning... a full naval skirmish in your mouth, your throat, your brain. Your obvious love for beer makes me curious as to how many patrons partake of the whiskey collection in the wee alcove upstairs in the Belgium Bar...STAR #3Next, you rub all over me with your tasty grub... I feel so dirty for wanting you more and more.... I mean, what makes *more* dietary sense when you're liquored up than to eat a delicious plate of fatty baked brie? If there's anything better I want it plopped in my lap RIGHT NOW!!By thunder, THIS be a restaurant what has confidence in their food!!There be no other restaurant on my list so far what has the brass balls to line up the head (that'd be the "loo" or "squat-house" to all of you lubbers) right across from their kitchen! It's like bloody Maxim's in Paris, circa 1793: poop, poop, poop and chicken salad with a pine nut garnish.... post-revolutionary living at its finest.STAR #4Five cheers to your ambience!To your now-famous door handle!! (do that be driftwood Jim m'lad?) HUZZAH!To your Juliet balcony over the main downstairs bar!!! HUZZAH!!To your cellar-in-the-attic, "don't hit your head" charm of the upstairs Belgian Bar!! HUZZAH!!To the teeming knots of patrons vying to get into your establishmental underthings!! HUZZAH!!To the drunken waitresses from the [bar name removed to protect the guilty] who leave around 2:30am every Saturday night with suitcase-sized purses filled with your most marvelous glassware!But....Where oh where is STAR #5??Well Brick Store, m'lass... I'd give you ALL my stars if you didn't have your nose all jabbed up in the air like the last clean French tart in Dunkerque when the Fleet du Nord is in town.It's completely understandable... your local fame has made you a destination and every jackass on shore leave makes it a point to come and get in your face. After awhile it's like herding cattle.Customers transmogrified into statistics.People become faces become numbers.But don't you worry Brick Store, me pretty.... I'm sure that I be the only one who notices.....The only one who notices the focus on turnover of tables.The only one who notices that some your bartenders exhibit less charm than their headwear.So we're using each other Brick Store, me lovely... we be "friends with benefits". I want your sweet, sweet elixirs and you want my sweet, sweet gold.'Tis a fine arrangement with me, my dear.Just don't confuse our relationship for love, lass... for I didn't give you my fifth star.
<review# 2415,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2007,8/9/2007,1102,1549,3,8,6>Java Vino is a one of a kind establishment Java by day and Vino by night.  Heddy and Steve brought their passion for wine and their experience with Heddy's family's coffee plantation in Nicaragua.  They mostly specialize with Central and Southern American  coffee and wine but they also offer wines from around the world.They offer monthly wine tastings as well as these specialsWEEKLY SPECIALS* TUE - 1/2-off glasses of wine from opened bottles* WED - Wine FlightsDAILY EARLY BIRD SPECIALMon-Fri 6:30am-8am$1 Coffee, $1.50 Latte, $2 Mocha!!!
<review# 2416,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2007,8/7/2007,37,68,,7,5>Agave is proof that it is a small world...Several years ago, I was reading a review of Agave and Hatch green chile was mentioned as part of the food enjoyed. Hatch green chile is special chile. It is grown in Hatch, NM and few people outside of the state of New Mexico are even familiar with it. I grew up in Albuquerque and know Hatch green chile well. My interested in Agave was piqued. I visited the web site and was surprised when I read the owner was from Albuquerque, too. Then, when I saw the owner's photo, I laughed because I knew him in high school! We went to different high schools but hung out in the same social circle. Small world.So, my husband made a visit and it instantly went on our list of favorite restaurants. We have taken my parents (visiting from NM) there several times and they love it, too. The cayenne fried chicken is the best fried chicken I've had (although I've never got to try Scott Peacock's at Watershed). I've, also, tried and enjoyed the blue corn enchiladas, the pan seared tuna, the tequila anejo shrimp and, the tenderloin medallions. My favorite starter is choosing a yummy margarita from their extensive margarita list. This place knows how to make a fantastic margarita. My new favorite is the Pommarita - pomegranate margarita. The service is friendly and attentive. Drink and food recommendations are always offered.They have a small valet lot or you can park off street. Their valet hustles and earns every  tip.And, they are kid friendly! We took our almost 1 year old there back in May. They had a clean high chair for her to use and gave us a great, roomy table on the patio. Our server was kid friendly, too. At the end of the meal, he told us he had nephews and has been around a lot of kids and wanted to let us know that our daughter was one of the most well behaved toddlers he has ever seen. I thought that was a nice compliment and was proud of my young daughter (my biggest fear in public is being "that parent" with "that child.").  Aces Agave!
<review# 2417,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2007,8/6/2007,2340,1630,3,7,3>As this BBQ joint is a mere half-mile from my parent's house, we like it.... A LOT. The pulled pork is divine as well as the brisket and everyone who works there is really friendly. They're open really weird hours, so be sure to call in advance. I think they just decide to open/close whenever they feel like it.We always get a couple lbs. of pork when my grandparents come to visit, they love it so. It almost makes their visit something to look forward to.... almost.
<review# 2418,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2007,8/4/2007,148,291,8,5,2>The name says it all: Gladys and Ron's Chicken and Waffle. Who in the name of good god almighty is not going to say yay and be willing to brave the sometimes hour long line in order to eat at a Chicken and Waffle? I am often a little brat about waiting, and I would gladly wait again and again. This place is jumpin, and you should jump for it.Their array of Southern fixins (from collards to mac n cheese (***BOO YAH***)  to okra and on and on) is alone worth the visit. You could order 4 sides and go home happy as a pig in pudding. Though everyone I've ever gone with has absolutely creamed over the Smothered Chicken plate. People at my table were closing their eyes and humming and actually forcing others to try parts of their dish--it was that good.The waffles? They have pink waffles. Strawberry. But don't be fooled. They're really just standard waffles. Waffles are there to sell the name. Stick with the fixins and chicken, man. Seriously.Also, to drink, they have what my friend's mother calls COOL CATS. Here it is called the UPTOWN. Order the UPTOWN. It is sweet tea mixed with lemonade. It is humongous. If that does not sound good to you, you are wrong. You should get it and you'll realize how wrong.Go here tomorrow. I'm just sayin'.
<review# 2419,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2007,8/3/2007,163,606,53,10,6>I know...it's weird for a guy to be reviewing a bridal place. I feel strange writing about it. Let's get through this together, OK?I actually went here to get fitted for/reserve a tux for a wedding. I guess it's time for my once a decade tuxedo event. The men's section and formal wear is on the bottom floor (or the basement depending on how you look at it). They've got a huge selection to choose from, which wasn't really an issue for me since my style and outfit had been settled on by the bride and groom already.The only real story here was the fitting process. The girl who was measuring me informed me that my navel is disproportionately high in comparison to my waistline. She pointed it out as she placed her hand on my waist and my stomach to illustrate. Didn't really bother me at the time, but now every time I have my shirt off I'm staring at my stomach and trying to judge proportions.Thank God she wasn't  measuring my inseam when she said that.
<review# 2420,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2007,8/1/2007,39,63,4,5,2>This place came to mind today and I had to write about it. It has some great Thai food. The "must do" about this place is visit when your birthday comes around. They play this scary song on the speakers with little children singing. Then a waiter comes over and places a unusual Thai desert dish on your table. It is like shaved ice with jelly bits in it. The whole experience is worth seeking out a friend that has a birthday coming up just so you can live the whole experience.
<review# 2421,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2007,7/31/2007,9,14,3,3,1>I've known the owner for a little over three years now and I must say that he knows how to run a great place...  However, I agree with others above that there are always guys in there that want to start fights (mostly in the back with the pool tables).The food is extremely well priced for what you get and the fact that it's still bar food.  My favorite thing on the menu would have to be the Cajun Chicken Pasta.The staff there is usually pretty friendly and very professional.  My best friend is the head bartendar there, so that never hurts, but in all I would have to say that it's a nice break of the normal sports dungeons...
<review# 2422,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2007,7/30/2007,22,48,4,3,2>I love the Bert Show!! I lived in Chicago for the last 3 years, and when I moved back here, I was excited to be within listening range again. I am taking off one star because I AM SO SICK OF DAUGHTRY!!! Who's with me?! Mike Y., couldn't you put in a call to your people and put a stop to this madness? I mean seriously, if I had a nickel for every time they play one of those crappy songs, I'd be able to save the world (or at least Atlanta) by starting my own cable company (see my comcast review)! Other than this minor flaw, I love the station and The Bert Show!
<review# 2423,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/30/2007,7/29/2007,311,245,6,5,5>Houlihans seemed like a restaurant that attempts to make their customers judge a book by its cover to attract business.  Of course when I say judging a book by its cover I mean classifying this place as an excellent restaurant establishment because the interior and exterior of the building is nicely decorated.I was on my way to the Dunwoody area to find a place to eat Friday night, so I started to prepare myself to wait for at least 45 minutes or a decade for an available table.  I walked into Houlihan's and I was seated immediately without even having to slip the host a dollar.I knew something must have been array when I noticed that business was slow enough for it to have been a Monday afternoon.  Why would a nice restaurant in Dunwoody be so incredibly slow on a Friday night at 8:00pm?  I began my investigation as soon as I was seated, with the intentions of solving this mystery before the night ended.From what I gathered using my magnifying glass and phenomenal conclusion jumping ability, this places biggest problem is their entire identity as a restaurant .  The owners must realize that their restaurant has two or three different themes encompassing its categorical identity.  I felt like I was in the mind of someone who suffers from multiple personality disorder during my visit.This place had the new age restaurant personality, which could be seen by observing the ridiculous shirts the employees were wearing with a gigantic "72" on the right breast and their nickname/server quality on the back of the shirt like it was some kind of jersey.  My waiters nickname on his super lame polo shirt jersey was "Chill."  I immediately became jealous when I noticed the table next to me had a server with "Lounging" on the back of his super lame polo jersey.  Just bad luck I guess.Despite the waiters wearing a super lame get-up, the place was pretty nice on the inside.  Lots of high rise half circle booths with leather seating and dim lighting throughout the restaurant provided a somewhat comfortable atmosphere.   If I had not seen a waiter during my entire diner I might still be inclined to say the place is nice; unfortunately that was not the case.The next confusing Houlihan's personality that I encountered was the menu.  I don't think I have ever seen such a confusing menu that at the same time had such a normal run of the mill food selection.  Why in the heck would someone put a horoscope in a menu after the alcohol selections and before the food selections?   Unless the horoscope is going to shed some light on what I should order and refill my drink, keep the damn thing out of my menu.  It took me so much time to sort through the stupid thing and figure out what I wanted that I almost lost my appetite.Overall the food was pretty good, not as good as I expected, but it did the trick.  My waiter was a really nice guy, just really slow to the punch when it came to filling my drink.  He was probably in the back talking about how stupid he felt wearing his Houlihan's shirt.
<review# 2424,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2007,7/28/2007,22,165,,6,5>I usually get my eyebrows threaded here.  Nice, clean, and relaxing atmosphere, which suprises me because it's right off Ponce!  Sonia is great and she even massages your face after threading.  Only $10 on Tuesdays with an appointment - score!
<review# 2425,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2007,7/27/2007,70,139,,3,2>K-la is one of my all time favorite boutiques.  The tops and dresses here are fabulous!!  You can find casual, going out, sexy, work appropriate, everything here!!!  I love love love the line Miss Me found here and all of the unique designers.  The staff is super friendly and the location in Atlantic Station makes is very convenient if you have other stuff to do as well!!
<review# 2426,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2007,7/26/2007,134,119,9,10,12>If you have a planned or unplanned stop in the Atlanta airport or long layover till that next flight i recommend heading on over to Spondivits.Solid food can be had at Spondivits on Virgina Ave very near Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport - ATL. It may be uncouth, but I say jump in one of the hotel shuttle buses to a nearby hotel for a free ride over. Red Roof Inn, Drury Inns & Suites are the closest. If that isn't your style grab a cab for the 3 or 4 minute ride from baggage claim area and leave me and my uncouth ways out of it.I have been going here for years as someone who lived in Atlanta and now someone who travels through. A dozen oysters for $11.95. Jimmini jillickers Batman that is a good price. From where I come from you'd be lucky to get a half dozen during a happy hour for that price.. Why I never order two dozen escapes me. I remember now. Two words, FRIED SEAFOOD !!!!I have had just about everything they have fried. How I keep myself a respectable weight is beyond me. A fried lobster BLT? Get the fuck out.  Delicioso. The crab cakes are among the best I have ever had served with a slightly spicy aioli. Also good are the buckets of crustaceans. Lobster, 2 or 3 kinds of crab, and shrimp mixed in just about any combination. All slathered with beer or garlic butter. I say mix 'em both. Beer and garlic go together like plateful of pigs in a blanket.For those of you watching your cellulite grow can have your fish blackened, grilled, or broiled and a salad with homemade dressings. A tip for the cellulite watchers, have the balsamio vinaigrette not a heaping pile of the blue cheese.   The clam chowder and the gumbo are both good and filling. Sandwiches of the seafood kind and not are a choice if a buttery bucket of crab isn't your deal. I can't keep my wife away from the Reuben. One thing I don't get though was the catch of the day was the same price whether you had it on a plate or a sandwich. I wasn't going to pay $16.95 for a mahi mahi sandwich, the plate maybe.                                          *****update*****reading the menu at a later date online i see that the catch of the day sandwich was not $16.95 but $7 or so. maybe the barkeep was trying to be funny. she got me there.          **************************************************­********Burgers and chicken fingers to keep the rug rats happy and to themselves. The burgers are are good for us grown-ups too especially the blackened burger. Surf and turf for the people who feel they are being robbed if they don't eat all meat they can at one sitting.The kitchen at Spondivits is open till 2:45am and they close at 4am. If you are there till 4am that must have been one hell of a delay.So if mother nature had other plans instead of you making that flight to Paris for your honeymoon, or your airline had the gall to let the plane you were riding on with your precious loved ones break down, cop a free ride to Spondivits, belly up to the bar and order up a 33oz beer, a few dozen oysters, a few more beers etc... Then take your belligerent drunk ass self back to the airport to tell the overworked, underpaid, understaffed airline employee how bad their airline sucks. They inturn will send you off the airport property to sober up at the Waffle House right next door to Spondivits for some greasy spoon and strong coffee.
<review# 2427,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/7/2007,7/25/2007,261,217,1,5,3>The party doesn't get started here until 12:30 or later...but then you can keep going til 4ish.  Definitely many energetic 22 y.o.s as Nikki says.  The dance area gets super packed/claustrophobic.  The patio can be nice if you can nab a table.Watch out for chicks on the prowl for your drunk boyfriend...it happened to me!
<review# 2428,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2007,7/24/2007,196,345,,7,5>Despite the fluorescent red lighting and geometric intrigue of the decor, you cannot get a martini here. You can, though, get a large, interesting, real good salad. There are two dozen dressings to choose from, and the selection of ingredients is fantastic - three kinds of chicken, tuna, ham, salami, turkey, steak, goat cheese, blue cheese, feta cheese, parmesan cheese, and a zillion veggies, fruits, and nuts. They also feature weekly "special" ingredients, this week strawberries and sesame sticks.But what disappoints me about Dressed is the same thing that disappoints me about all the other places like Dressed (that is, places that offer build-your-own salad with a substantial variety of ingredients): you can't really build your own yummy salad without spending a lot of money on premium and extra toppings. In Dressed's case, the pricing doesn't even entirely make sense to me. You're allowed to "choose any 4 toppings" for $6.75, but the toppings that differentiate the place from your company cafeteria's salad bar have a pesky green "+ .50" or "+1.00" at their side. For example, you must pay extra for artichoke hearts, edamame, falafel, portabello, avocado, almonds, walnuts, sundried tomatoes, any meat or almost any kind of cheese. But, for example, what happens if you get four normal toppings and almonds? Do you pay an extra dollar (.50 extra topping + .50 because it's almonds) or just an extra .50 because it's almonds? And what if the fifth topping is chicken? Are you paying the .50 extra topping fee plus the $2.00 chicken fee, or just the $2.00?Of course, you can avoid the conundrum entirely by selecting a "chef designed" salad, most of which are $9 and above. There are some pretty good combinations, such as the "Five Star" steak salad, and they add a weekly "special" salad to the white board each week. But I think it's more fun to engage in the mind-boggling cost calculus of the custom salad.
<review# 2429,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2007,7/23/2007,63,69,1,3,5>The place where it's always packed, but I always manage to find a seat, and the waiters are always nice to the 'locals'.There's the dinner crowd, then the trivia crowd, then the late night MJQ pregame crowd, then finally the close out crowd. The waves of people coming through here every night are about as varied as it gets in this city. It's where the ultra-hipsters come to mingle, and brush elbows with the overflow crowd from the Cleremont or the Highlands.Wednesday night is the big danceparty night at MJQ so The Local is just as crowded, if not more so. I'd tell you to come that night, but I don't want you to steal my seat ;)
<review# 2430,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2007,7/22/2007,113,107,1,5,4>"Willy Wonkas of Burgercraft"  -WashingtonPost.comI love the quote, but I don't think it fits. Five Guys has a very basic menu, burgers, fries, hot dogs....grilled cheese. They cook the burgers and fries in peanut oil and the meat is never frozen. They offer peanuts while you wait - self-serve. This is a fast food joint, and the service was quick. They give you way more than you could possibly need, one serving of fries was too many for the two of us - believe it or not. The burgers were huge as well, but incredibly good. All of it was. Great burger joint. Go if you haven't. Note: Bill and I actually went to the Smyrna location while moving to West Midtown - but that location wasn't shown for Yelp.
<review# 2431,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2007,7/21/2007,24,17,1,7,6>This review is for anyone thinking of moving or buying property in East Atlanta Village.  I recently bought a home here, about 100 yards away from the village.  Let me start out by saying, I love EAV.  I still do even after my friends were kidnapped about 20 feet from my house following my house-warming party (see Nikki and Ginny's review.)  It is definitely not safe at night (apparently), and....even if you are in a group like we were, you are not safe.  I just wanted to mention that the people who kidnapped my friends did not live in East Atlanta and seem to have come here targeting people leaving the bars.  If you are going to move here, the following are necessities: a big, big dog, an alarm system, and a general trust in the inherent good nature of people.That being said: the East Atlanta Community Association are doing some great things to improve the safety and overall "feeling" in EAV.  Security has increased and.. the farmer's market (every Thursday near the EARL) is a great addition., among others.... SEE:   eaca.net~ok, great places to try: the EARL (for the great food, people, and music.)  East Side Lounge (right across the street) is also really fun. Everyone there seems down to earth and it's never ridiculously crowded.  I especially like Eastside Lounge on Saturdays, when the dj plays more house/rap as opposed to 80s, just my opinion (The are the only ATL club to play Spankrock.  I freaked.  Gabor, the bartender, is fast with a loose pooring hand.  Yes, yes the asian anime porn seems to be a reoccurring visual, but come on, who doesn't enjoy that!!I can't get enough of Mary's (including the recovered gay Karaoke man)! and I always find great deals on furniture and collectibles at East Atlanta AntiquesFinally, parking is never a problem.  I wish there weren't so many  litter bugs there.  I live near a gas station and have witnessed numerous people throw everything from long-john silver trash to hand fulls of lottery tickets out the window as they drive off.  It makes me crazy! I wish there was a DVD rental place nearby. .....Joe's' coffee is kindof a rip off (at least the iced coffee is).~cheers
<review# 2432,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2007,7/20/2007,6,10,,6,4>ok guys...i know this sounds crazy, but i'll pass two other ace hardwares just to get to the one in decatur on scott blvd. i have a rental townhome i used to live in just down street so i was a regular.  home depot, lowes -- send your customer service managers here to learn -- learn how to give customer service, treat a customer and go the extra mile.  I had a plumbing problem at my new house in lavista park -- i went to two HD's and nothing -- couldnt even find an employee who knew what they were talking about.  i said "damnit...i'm calling the decatur ace hardware -- 20 minutes later i had driven there, got the part i needed, instructions and a bag of popcorn as i checked out.  if you need any hardware, home repair items and you think you arent getting service -- call this place and visit -- they'll treat you right!!  and they sell college sports merchandise...GO VOLS!!!
<review# 2433,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2007,7/19/2007,352,299,2,7,4>The most impressive, newest and hottest furniture store in the city ... hands down.  I walked through both floors that play host to some of the most gorgeous pieces I've ever seen in stunning layouts.  Only four cities in this country have an artefacto store, and we're lucky enough to have one grace us with its presence.  Thank goodness.The service is top-notch, which makes sense considering they're moving some of the finest looking home decor items on the market.  They even offered me champagne from the bar (yes, the bar) upon my arrival.  Five stars and more for you, artefacto!If you're checking out the website, be sure to select English from the language menu, assuming that's your bag ... and since you're reading my review, I assume that's the case.
<review# 2434,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2007,7/18/2007,147,260,,8,6>The restaurant name says it all!  Geisha House specializes in modernized Japanese dishes, along with fresh sushi and sashimi.  They also have an unique sake bar, which is highly recommended.Geisha House is a rather famous modern Japanese restaurant in Los Angeles and it recently opened in Atlanta.  Geisha House is located in the region where every Dolce Group's restaurants are: the Atlantic Station.When my boyfriend and I walked in, we were somewhat annoyed by the interior and the noise level.  It was simply too crowded and too loud.  It was hard for us to engage in a conversation.  Also, the waiter was super busy.  It took our waiter a long time to take our orders.  The interior is chic and trendy.  Their furniture and the walls are solely decorated using black and red.  In other words, this is not a place where you can seek romance and comfort.But did I mention their food?  It is dreamy!!  It just can't be expressed in words.  We tried their Chicken Karage, Geisha House Oden, Ocean Dragon Rolls, and Green Lawn Rolls.  They were amazing!  Many restaurants with a modern twist seemed to disappoint in some degree, but Geisha House won my heart.Although I am not a big fan of the Atlantic Station, I can see myself occasionally coming to Atlantic Station to dine at Geisha House.  I think it is a great place for large group of people who are out, trying to have some good time.
<review# 2435,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2007,7/17/2007,47,101,2,4,4>Four of my all-time favorite bar photos were taken in the Star Bar photo booth.  The night we went was, dare I say it, cock night, meaning the gents were free and the ladies coughed up a $5 cover charge.  An older punk band was on stage which lit my fire cuz I'm that kind of girl, but since I was there with more conservative work friends, I rocked out while they hailed a cab and dragged me off to our next destination.  Definitely looking forward to returning here on my next visit to Atlanta!
<review# 2436,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2007,7/16/2007,48,87,23,13,5>This review is kind of a preservation project, for I believe Candler Park is about to lose some of its Pasture Golf charm (pasturegolf.com/index.htm).  In other words, the grounds are starting to get too nice.Here's what I love about Candler Park Golf Course as it is today (and was just a short time ago):1) It is perfect for idiots like me who generally hate golf on principle...because of the scene, not because of the game.2) It allows me to use my 30 year-old clubs and carry around my pleather golf bag with pride.3) The golf pro has gang tats on his neck.4) Graffiti on one of the maintenance sheds.5) Georgia rock stars play here, from Kevin Kinney, to Drive-by Truckers, to Michael Stipe of REM.6) On hole 2, there is a gully on the right side of the fairway that is easy to slice into.  Years ago there was an old nasty gazebo there, where a homeless guy would steal your ball...and then sell it back to you on the 3rd tee.7) Everyone is laid back here.  No stress.  No one cares how much you suck at golf.  No golf shoes?  Cool.  Natty Dreads?  No problem, mon.8) Fewer white people.  When lots of white people congregate around golf and start talking, there is potential for darkness and evil.  Lord of the Rings evil.  9) Unlimited play for $7 (for the time being...that's about to change).11) The groundskeeper is a variation on Bill Murray in "Caddyshack".  He has caps on his teeth, a thinning mullet, and may be seen wearing an Allman Brothers tee shirt and camo pants.  He takes excellent care of the course with the resources he's got...and he can whack the shit out of the ball.12) Hot moms running on Terrace Ave by #5.
<review# 2437,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/20/2007,7/15/2007,20,17,,6,4>Having been to Eleven 50 several times before it closed, I was curious to see what had become of the club. After a $2.5 million restoration, the club has some remaining vestiges of its Eleven50 days, namely the large dance floor and stage on the bottom level, with some nice additions found on the second level. This is where the redesign is most noticeable: from the oversized crystal chandeliers to the VIP-sections that resemble opera boxes to the gilded walls, you do get the sense of being in a grand ole opera house. Not to mention the fact that from the second level, the bottom level spreads out before you like a stage for some interesting people-watching. The drinks were good and strong - at least on opening night - but a little on the pricey side for Atlanta. The outside area is still nice for lounging and more intimate conversation but has none of the look or feel of the interior. Instead, it feels more like being on the beach in Miami with cabanas and table service. A nice repose for those preferring a good scene with less stress.A note to the wise: glass panels were used around the bottom dance floor and along the second level as balstraudes. My entire party was on the way up to the bar for the first drink of the evening and almost ran into the glass panel. They are not clearly marked and i can only imagine what would happen after a drink or two. Management should assess the situation.The reason for the 3 stars - definitely a see and be seen kinda place. It's hard to lose yourself in the music and just dance.
<review# 2438,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2007,7/14/2007,63,63,,5,6>This is such a fun race to run in.  It's a 10K and 55000 people run it from all over the world.  Don't expect anyone from Atlanta to be on the leaderboard.  It's not too long the first portion is slow because there are so many people you can't even get up to a running pace until about a mile into it.  It's an easy pace and not too hilly (until Heartbreak Hill, that's a long gradual one).  There are so many people on the street cheering that it really helps you push yourself.  I definitely advise if you want a number sign up for the Atlanta Track Club next year.  Not only will they send you an application before they come out in the AJC but they also have links to running groups and other fun races on their website.
<review# 2439,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2007,7/13/2007,3,5,,3,6>Outstanding venue! I first saw the Dames Aflame burlesque show there four months ago and was totally blown away! The Laughing Skull Lounge is an intimate, 100-seat theater in the back of the Vortex Bar & Grill on Peachtree. Unlike so many venues in Atlanta, I was delighted by the super-high standards so obviously in place...not just in the physical space but also in the quality of what's allowed on the stage...everything I've seen at the Laughing Skull Lounge is quality (sort of like their burgers...killer)!
<review# 2440,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2007,7/12/2007,33,32,1,6,7>I have a strong feeling I'm in the minority here, but I love Junkman's Daughter.  It's the closest thing Atlanta has to Seattle's Archie McPhee store ("Outfitters of Popular Culture").  If you're not a big fan of kitsch, like maybe you have no use for people who cover their refrigerators with magnets of things like Bill and Hillary in S&M garb,or Michelangelo's David and the outfits he might wear in a typical day, and no use for fancy glass bongs (for... tobacco), or maybe corndog car air fresheners, well, sure, i can see how this huge retail cornucopia of all things weird and good, would not be for you.But it is for me.  I saw a black cat shower curtain in the McPhee catalog (which it so happens arrives in my snail mailbox every so often), and went to Junkman's Daughter hoping they'd have it so I wouldn't have to pay for shipping to order it, and lo and behold, there it was!  I couldn't find it on the shelves (the place is full to the brim with "junk") so a nice young salesperson found it for me, really went the extra mile after he'd told me just to look around for it because he hadn't a clue.  I was a happy kitsch shopper.And I happened to purchase my corndog car air freshener, and a bacon one for later (yes, I AM vegetarian, thus the irony - don't worry, no one else gets it either), along with assorted cards to send to people, and my little tin of "National Embarrassmints" (GWB on the front) on a recent spending binge.  I am an impulse shopper extraordinaire, and love little unique and quirky items, so having to wait in line in front of that raised dais of a cashier's station, looking at all the little tins and packages of candies and sundries is like heaven to me.Junkman's Daughter is a fun store, even if you just want to look around and don't intend to make a purchase (but why would you do that?).  The staff may appear surly, but they're just folks, and I think in the long run they do want to help you, you just have to ask nicely.  And where else are you going to find bandages with skulls and crossbones on them, aside from ordering from Archie McPhee online, I ask you?One day I'm going to muster the courage to buy some of the funky hippie chick clothes they sell.
<review# 2441,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2007,7/11/2007,57,83,2,4,3>I've been to both Vortex restaurants since coming to Atlanta, but I have to say it's much more fun to walk through the GIANT SKULL entrance of the one on Moreland than to just walk into a normal door over on Peachtree, so that's the one I'm choosing to review.I first came here with my friend Courtney and her husband, Chris.  After cracking up over the in-your-face, sassy menu and eyeing up the hot waitress in the sexy, goth-looking outfit (hey, I'm engaged, not dead), my friends expertly recommended we eat the tater tots fondue-thingy appetizer, which I COULDN'T STOP EATING.  YUM.Courtney and I decided to get brave and order something neither of us had eaten before: an ostrich burger.  I know, sounds a little weird, but anyone who's had one will know how EFFING GOOD they are, and after very little questioning, our knowledgeable (and did I mention hot?) server proceeded to explain the numerous benefits of eating ostrich (lower in fat, better for you, etc.).  Tasty, juicy burger, healthier than the rest of the burgers?  WINS.I got to take Patrick there once as well, and we decided to order nachos for an appetizer - you should know he is a HARD CORE NACHO CRITIC - but he put them in his top three, and I agree.  They were FANTASTIC.Add up the great food, the quirky atmosphere, the hilarious menu and the fact that I have used more capitals in this review than I think I've ever used in my life, and you have some five-star tastiness over in Little 5 Points.
<review# 2442,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2007,7/10/2007,43,410,6,8,1>Kevin Rathbun and his management team should be given keys to the city. They understand service, food, and how to get it right.  The place itself is so nicely decorated, I'd like to move my bed into the corner.  The food is so freakin' delicious, that I want to eat it every day.(coronary heart disease be damned!) As far as dessert goes, one of those cute waitresses can serve it to me in my bed that is in the corner. How's that for a food fantasy?  I'm sick I know.
<review# 2443,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2007,7/9/2007,137,163,1,6,5>LOVE the MJQ Concourse...the coolest people are there regularly. Girls with bright smiles, dirty shoes and no make-up who you'd love to have breakfast with.Great music and atmosphere... The fact that it's cash only kinda keeps control on insane group shot purchases.
<review# 2444,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2007,7/7/2007,798,530,5,6,4>Oakhurst is a semi-secret neighborhood near Decatur. It's called 'up and coming,' but that really translates into 'there's not a ton of stuff here yet and no one knows about us.' We drove to Oakhurst on a Saturday afternoon for lunch, which should be one of the busiest times for restaurants. Except apparently this particular day in Oakhurst. Most of the restaurants were deserted, save some very bored wait staff. We ended up in the neighborhood's namesake grill (Oakhurst Grill for those of you that didn't catch onto that), because we found humans! Other customers! The restaurant was much more alive than the empty oyster place we had to sneak out of after reading the menu.   Apparently everyone there already knew that this is one of the best joints in the 'hood - because the food really was that good. I'm infamous for usually not finishing everything on my plate, but I almost licked this one. Sound cool and tell your friends about this new pint-sized neighborhood, and check out Oakhurst Grill. Or challenge my 'best restaurant in Oakhurst' claim - be brave, eat at one of the deserted restaurants, and post your own review.
<review# 2445,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2007,7/6/2007,15,14,,10,7>wordsmiths books is a new independent bookstore that just opened on the square in decatur.  the store is located in a big white marble building that used to be a post office in the thirties.  inside, you will find high ceilings, hardwood floors, big windows...and tons of wonderful books. (and free aurora coffee until the cafe is up and running!)the bookstore has lots of tables to sit at and a fireplace in the gallery/reading room in the front.  it also will be home to book club meetings and will have large rooms to reserve for free to meet with your fellow book-lovers.also available is free wifi!!the store has close ties to the georgia center for the book and frequently hosts author events in the store and at remote locations--the decatur library being a favorite.the store sells books, gift items, magazines, and is expanding its inventory by the day. ask the knowledgeable staff for recommendations, or just come take a peek at the staff recommends or babygotbooks recommended selections with brief descriptions of their current favorites.  come check it out and support your local independent buisnesses!
<review# 2446,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2007,7/4/2007,8,19,,6,5>Hands down Lava is my favorite spot in ATL.  I've had a handful of homies come thru to visit and I always take them there.  I put my rep on the line by guranteeing them a good time and I have yet to be proven wrong.The best thing about Lava is the vibe.  Its located in one of those converted houses off of Crescent Street in Midtown, so it has a very casually hip feel.  There's 3 levels: the basement which is more like your typical high energy dance club, the first floor which is a chill bar scene, and then my favorite-- the second level lounge.  The lounge is pseudo-VIP, but without all the pretention and exclusivity.  Its more intimate with stylish banquests, its own bar and its own DJ.  There's also a really nice outdoor patio.  There's no designated dancefloor, but the music is so good (top 40, rap, old-school hip-hop) that everyone always ends up getting there groove on.  The crowd is also really diverse which another big plus for me.  I've been at least 5-10 times and I've never been disappointed.  A guaranteed good time.  Good-looking people and a feel good vibe: a winning combination.  Fri or Sat are best.
<review# 2447,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2007,7/2/2007,35,46,,8,8>The largest aquarium in the world...In Atlanta Ga...Wow, who would have thunk it?I went here last week with work @ the company's expense...And all in all, I had a great time. It was my first time visiting...and so I didn't really have expectations...I quickly lost my group as I wandered off by myself to watch the sea lions outside. There was a guy out there that was full of fun facts! Like how to know the difference between a seal and a sea lion...So basically, after realizing that I had separated from the group, I had my own little field trip... It didn't take long for me to find lots of interesting things to look at...I definitely forgot that I was alone.The aquarium's layout is very efficient and ensures that the crowds keep moving. Some people call this crowd contol. Think Ikea, except there are like 4 or so areas...3 huge tanks house the beluga whales, whale sharks, and barrier reef...These account for the majority of the facility, and so once you've seen all of that...You pretty much have seen it all.   The Beluga whales are really amazing. They almost look like they are dancing to the music. Really relaxing to watch them swim.The huge tank with the whale sharks is quite extraordinary....Those grouper seem to get right up to the glass and stare right at you. Makes you wonder what they are thinking about. Its really interesting to watch how all of the species interact...The schools of fish, the sting rays, the whale sharks...Its really beautiful.This is a great place to take kiddies. They have a  little discovery pool where touching is encouraged!! I was surprised to see that the animals took breaks. When I passed by the discovery pool...There was a sign that said "These Animals are On a Break, Please Do Not Touch"  it was cute seeing the kids all silently waiting...It made me giggle.This place was definitely designed for tourists...The Aquarium boasts being the largest in the world, but it seems to me that that is only because 50% of the space is devoted to marketing and crowd control (i.e. the large volume of central space where everyone stands and wonders what exhibit to visit next). IMHO, the whale sharks, sea lions, penguins, and belugas were incredible and definitely worth the price of admission.... There is a large common area with 'alcoves' for the viewings. Once you were done with one area you were back in the common area and had to figure out where to go next. In contrast, when you enter the TN aquarium, you go into the first viewing area and there is a progression between all exhibits. It seems to make more sense that way. And although the GA aquarium is billed as the largest aquarium, it seemed to me that the TN aquarium is actually larger. Maybe the sq. footage at the TN aquarium is larger and because of the layout and the fact that there are such large viewing windows you see on more than one level it just seems as if it is larger. I'm not sure. I am sure, however, that if you are going to Atlanta you should go to the aquarium but don't make a special trip just to see it. There are over 150,000 different species of fish available to view in the aquarium, so you are bound to be impressed by something!They also offer a behind-the-scenes tour @ $50/person, and a 4-D Imax. I would allot 2-3 hours to enjoy your visit under the sea.All in All: Seriously, A Great Place To Bring the Kiddies and Explore Sea Creatures!
<review# 2448,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2007,6/30/2007,67,57,3,6,5>I'm in the process of acclimating to suburban life and it's not going so well.So I called a friend who also lives in the hood and she suggested we meet up for a beer tasting at Muss and Turner's, right in ourveraownbackyard.I was excited to see her and try something new, but as a person who doesn't drink beer I was skeptical that I'd enjoy the event.It's a good thing I don't get paid for predicting the future or I'd be broke.Rick is the resident bartender and a true brew historian.  I was wow'ed by the depth of his knowledge, his preparedness and his ability to built a rapport with everyone at the table.I walked in knowing nothing about beer other than Guinness has less calories than other beers and I walked out (slightly tipsy) and knowing about IPA's and why they're hoppy, what hops were originally used for, fermenting with slate, and a bunch of other stuff that's going to be really annoying for someone in a bar one day when I get sloppy drunk next to them.After the tasting we stuck around for a bite (at a discount since we attended the tasting) and I was pleasantly surprised by that too.  Whodda thunk they'd have 3 kinds of pickles to choose from?  Whodda thunk they'd have drool-a-riffic Ritz dressing on their turkey sandwich? Not me, but hell if I didn't gobble 'em both up.  (Get it?)This was a fantastic experience in a nice, clean, quiet environment.  Based on my experience here, I'd suggest any of their three current offerings: wine tasting, beer tasting, and food education.
<review# 2449,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2007,6/29/2007,10,30,,4,5>I've really enjoyed Umezono the three or four times I've been there. The food has been delicious and affordable and the service great. Mostly I've been there with coworkers during the week for lunch, and we're always one of the few non-Japanese tables. It is a popular, crowded restaurant but a weekday evening meal means no or little wait--Wednesday night was surprisingly calm there after experiencing the crowds of lunchtime.I highly recommend it.
<review# 2450,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2007,6/27/2007,119,243,4,5,3>The rating speaks of the niceness of the place; not necessarily the environment. Last time I went there, it was cool, because we played pool with friends, but if I had gone there to just hang out, and we didn't have the pool to occupy us, I would have probably left much earlier. First of all, you couldn't run a tab. There was also a cover. Two BIG no-no's in my book. Who wants to pay a cover to go into a bar and drink?Second, there was a beautiful dancefloor, and great music playing; but NO one was dancing. Yeah, that was pretty much out of commission; I mean, do you like being the only one out there getting your groove on? Yeah, me neither.Finally, the place was, I have to admit, kind of small. The main bar area is pretty cramped, which is interesting, because the area where the un-used dancefloor is is huge, and not many people were in there. Strange, eh? Either way, the place was definitely nice. Definitely sheik. But, the clientele reflected that; a bunch of semi-wealthy to wealthy gay men paying too much for drinks and scanning the crowd for that ever elusive "10". Honestly, I just didn't feel that comfortable there; and as with places like Red Chair (which is very similar), I would have probably had more fun if I were single, younger, and skinnier. Perhaps I am just getting too old for these places. Who knows. If you want a nice bar to visit, you should go here; but if you aren't ready for the cash-only sort of expensive drinks, a crowded bar, and lots of very well dressed gay men, then you will probably want to skip it and go somewhere a little more casual. Nice place, but just not my crowd anymore.
<review# 2451,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2007,6/26/2007,47,112,6,12,3>When a coworker told me about a pizza place in Cabbagetown where you could get a vegan "meat" supreme pizza, my first reaction was, "get OUT." Mellow Mushroom had long been the place I went for this, using tempeh as a sausage substitute. Last night we called in a pick-up order & built our own - soy cheese/ pepperoni/ sausage, & added onions & sundried tomatoes. A straight shoot down Boulevard, it's about a five minute drive from us. Chris left & shortly after, called me as he was headed back home. All he had to say was to yell, "this sh*t smells GOOD!"It was one of those eat-until-you're-about-to-puke meals. Best vegan pizza I've ever had.
<review# 2452,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2007,6/25/2007,22,11,2,4,6>"How does Atlanta look like?""Well, go to Sun Dial, stay at least half an hour, and you're all set."Yes, it is a really nice and interesting restaurant.  The floor goes around and makes complete circle in a half an hour, so that you can enjoy the whole view, not just fixed view.  When I first thought of going to Sun Dial with my girl friend, I was a little scared, because i thought it would be super expensive (It is on top of infamously expansive Westin Hotel and all. I thought of $$$$$- five dollar sign maybe).  But in truth, it wasn't bad at all.  After realizing that it was pretty much affordable, I decided to go more often with my girlfriend, not only for dinners but also lunches and Sunday brunches.  As everyone knows, lunch and brunch are quite a lot cheaper than dinner.  But it doesn't mean that they have a totally different menu for dinner either.  During lunch and Sunday brunch, they serve slightly smaller portion.  So, If you feel like seeing a night view of down town Atlanta, enjoying watching the traffic glazing red light, dinner sounds really good.  But if  you want to dine without too much financial pressure, but enjoying the same quality of service, lunch and brunch do not seem so bad after all.  During the day, you would see further and more too.  It really depends on your style though.  Personally, I enjoy the night vision better.If I like it that much, why not give five stars?  I'd love to give four and a one-third stars if there was such an option.  The missing two-third stars is the food and service.  You would first think that it is such a great restaurant without any down-side, but it is because you are so much into the view.  If you go there multiple of times, you would find that the food might not the best part of this restaurant, compare to the price.  The service there is not bad, but I can't say it is good either.  The serving is really slow, so that if you waited 15minutes for an appetizer, you would have another 15 minutes wait for an entree.Overall, it is an interesting restaurant.  It would be a perfect place to blind-date or celebrate for the anniversary.  Everyone in Atlanta would want to try at least once.Just letting you know, you don't have to wear a formal business jacket.  You can just wear jeans if you'd like.  But one things they don't allow are sports wears and ripped jeans.  Try to be look little better than usual and that would be all you need.Enjoy the view!
<review# 2453,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2007,6/24/2007,0,0,,5,2>Piedmont park is a wonderful place to hang out or exercise on both during the week and on weekends.  I personally like to go and roller blade or jog, but I have friends who don't really care for either.  So, on the corner of 12th and Piedmont, there is a place to rent both bikes and roller blades.  I have never rented roller blades there since I own my own, but bikes are only $6.00 an hour!  A much better way to spend a Saturday or Sunday afternoon rather than sitting at home and renting three of four movies On Demand!The park has beautiful scenery, nice paths, and is usually filled with nice people.  If you like to people watch, this is a great place to go as well!
<review# 2454,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2007,6/23/2007,14,19,,5,2>I've always liked supporting local breweries, rather than watered down multinationals, so shortly after moving to Atlanta I asked a waitress at a local restaurant to "bring me the best local beer you have".  She returned with a Sweetwater 420 and a preference was cemented immediately.  I now drink Sweetwater almost exclusively when I drink beer.Although I still miss going to Karl Strauss, this has been a more than fair West Coast/East Coast exchange.
<review# 2455,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2007,6/22/2007,96,123,,5,5>I can't believe I've lived in Atlanta for 20 years before I saw a concert here. If you haven't been, you are missing out. The intimate setting provides for a thoroughly entertaining evening. It's great to actually be able to see the performer vs these other venues where you actually see the performer better on a monitor than looking at the stage.You can also bring food and drinks in as well. Personally, I think it's great to bring a bottle of wine, but I prefer to eat before getting there. The problem is, you have to park so far away it is a hike before you actually get to your seat, so you can imagine how not fun it is to be carrying a cooler with food for a mile before you can actually sit down.Now, I've only ever seen 2 concerts here, but both were phenomenal. Mark Knopfler (singer for Dire Straits) and the Black Eyed peas. They have a vast group of performers, so everyone can find someone they would want to see here.
<review# 2456,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2007,6/21/2007,9,8,,6,1>I have been going to Thai of Norcross for years, although I can't take credit for discovering it.  Thai of Norcross is a favorite among Atlanta's Indian community, and it was my parents that first brought me here in high school (I guess families are good for some things).   The food is consistently great, and the atmosphere is chill and low-key.  Thai of Norcross has my favorite Num Tok of any Thai restaurant I have been to.  The meat is perfectly grilled and served just slightly warm to accentuate the bright, fresh flavors of lime and mint and the bite of chili powder.  Cool crunchy cabbage offsets the spice, so I would recommend going ahead and ordering it 2-star spicy.  Some of my other favorite dishes are the summer shrimp, which is shrimp and green beans in a highly spiced curry sauce, and the fried rice, which has a slight tangy sweetness.  To end your meal, get the coconut ice cream, which has bits of grated coconut running throughout.Although Thai of Norcross is a little out of the way for most people, a meal here is absolutely worth the drive.
<review# 2457,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2007,6/20/2007,7,10,2,4,1>Hey - wanna know how much HP Yosh pipe just added to yer sprotbile, or need to get it remapped to get the most out of it?  Visit Huey and crew at Marietta Motorsports.  You may even get to meet local fast guy Opie Caylor.Huey's got a wealth of knowledge from helping tune for local and AMA motorcycle race teams - and is very willing to share that knowledge and help customers get their own bikes set up right.  He's got a dyno in-house, and is an expert on various exhaust and tuning combinations for pulling top performance out of sport and race bikes.They also carry VP Fuels, so if you've been having a hard time finding that C12 for your two-stroke, give these guys a call and they'll set you up.  They carry some parts / accessories in house, and they can order just about whatever else you may need.Good folks - wealth of experience behind them - nice place to do business!
<review# 2458,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2007,6/19/2007,0,9,,2,3>If you like to people watch and love the outdoors watching free movies at Piedmont Park during Screen on the Green is wonderful.  Come early, I can't stress that enough.  Free parking near the park is very limited. Knowing how to parallel park in tight spots is a must!  I love packing some food and drinks in a basket and grabbing my folding chair and heading to Screen on the Green. However, Screen on the Green is marginally about the movie, people talk and socialize throughout the entire movie, it's worst than in theater chatter, so take that into account. Oh and bring some bug spray, the mosquitoes come out at night.
<review# 2459,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2007,6/18/2007,10,46,2,5,4>I was surprised to find out Flying Biscuit had branched out to the Westside....hip....hip....horray!!I went on a Saturday morning around 11 or so and the wait was maybe 15 minutes. I could see how a Sunday crowd could get crazy with that big-ass church right next door. The service was a little slow, but I won't knock it too hard since our server was training. I ordered my breakfast of over easy - well eggs, veggie "soysauge", grits and potatoes. And the biscuit to boot.  The grits really are creamy and dreamy. I have to admit; I've never really understood the biscuits there.....I'm not really a fan. They kind of remind me of Bisquick biscuits in taste. However, they sure are pretty! I sampled my friend's pancakes with peaches and they were simply divine. Very earthy.  The coffee was good and strong-always the sign of a true breakfast spot.
<review# 2460,isUSA=TRUE,2.0,5/3/2007,6/17/2007,76,179,1,3,2>Extra, Extra!I'm downgrading this review because the two best things about this salon moved- my colorist and my stylist!! I kept 2 stars, though, for hiring them in the first place.This place has a great Midtown location- plus free parking. But I will drive to the ends of Virginia Highlands any time to get the perfect shade of blonde and to not have my cowlick stick up!!It's soooo hard for a dirty blonde to find the perfect highlight artist, and mine just moved away from here :(A word about JM salon:When you first walk in, you're like " European hair styles?" That's because almost every employee has some shade of red in their hair, and /or some trendy cut, and/or tons of tattoos.  It's not really my style for an all-American girl.
<review# 2461,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/7/2007,6/16/2007,5,5,9,8,4>Want authentic Chinese food? Want to feel like you've stepped into a Chinese haven? Want cuisine that looks as beautiful as it tastes?Well China Cafeteria is NOT for you! China Cafeteria has been my FAVORITE Chinese restaurant since I can remember. I've gone to this low  budget eatery as a young child with my mom, as a teenager in high school (especially before the Friday night basketball or football games), and even now as a college SENIOR! I love this place. Where else can you get 8 braised wings and 500 lbs of rice for less than $4? China Caf fills you up more than the average combo meal at your local fast food stop. Besides, you'll be so full from the rice that you'll have chicken to save for a little midnight snack. Now, if you want great Chinese cuisine, this isn't the place for you, but if you happen to be in the great city of Decatur and want some mall type, cheap (but better) low priced Chinese food CHINA CAFETERIA is the place to be!
<review# 2462,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2007,6/15/2007,216,382,1,3,1>My wife and I stopped in here for dinner one night. Such great food! I had the fusilli with their amatriciana sauce (pancetta in spicy tomato sauce) and it was to die for. This will definitely be one of our regular spots when we move intown next month.I'd give it five stars if we didn't have to order and pay upon arrival at the hostess stand even though we were eating in. What's up with that? This isn't Fazoli's.
<review# 2463,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2007,6/14/2007,23,180,,3,>I've been wanting to go here for a while now. They have unique hours you need to know to work with. This was the first time there and I was really impressed. The food was wonderful and the service was some of the best. They treat you like part of the family. Chef Pete of course was there. He is the owner/cook. After the meal he asked us if all was good and we had a great conversation with him. Like I was saying, they make you feel quite comfortable. I had the best candied yams I ever had here! I don't remember ever liking kidney beans before, but the few they had mixed in with the baked beans and there terrific sauce, I guess they aren't so bad! As for hours, I know they are open for dinner Thur.-Sun. and if I remember correctly, Chef Pete said they are now open for lunch Monday and Tuesdays. Call before going to make sure!Every time I go here, them thar beans are getting better everytime! And I think since they have been there for over a year now, they are more "stable" and things are looking better there over time.
<review# 2464,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/28/2007,6/12/2007,186,23,1,3,1>Personally i think that this is a good place to dine if you're looking to get out of the house and looking foward to a pretty decent crowd with music to listen to and of course a bar option on one side of the restaurant. If you want to go in for a quick dessert and like apples, I highly recommend the "Sizzling Apple Crisp". If you like chocolate then you'll like the "Turtle Empenadas". Good drinks and the margaritas aren't bad at all. I do like the locations at Mt. Zion and Kennesaw on Barret Parkway. They also cater for big events.
<review# 2465,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/13/2007,6/11/2007,233,1444,,3,4>Large club, nice open space patio, wasn't super keen on the music but it drew quite a crowd the night we were out there....Interesting VIP area; one with a glass enclosed room, seemed a lil stuffy and another area which was part of the dance floor but had barricade surrounding it differentiating it as another "VIP" area.We didn't stay very long. Interesting to check out but not my cup of tea.
<review# 2466,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/30/2007,6/10/2007,34,323,23,14,12>I have to respect Emory for allowing children of staff members to attend tuition-free, assuming they can meet the admissions standards.  My brother and I were both undergrads here because of that program.  That said, going here for 4 years as the Southern scholarship kid is rough.  If you're not into the Greek system and/or heavy, heavy drinking, you'd probably be happier elsewhere.  As a vegetarian & art history major, it was an even longer 4 years.  I had some really fabulous and interesting professors, especially in the Art History and French departments.  The undergrad student body however - good lord.  There's still a very bizarre divide here among those from the North and those from the South.  Generally the two groups didn't seem to mix too much.  Many of the students here come from insanely wealthy families. It can be very depressing to see the cars driven by the students compared to those driven by faculty and staff.    There's kind of a weird, depressing richness that hangs over the campus in general.Whatever you do, don't come here looking for anything to drink that wasn't brought to you by Coke.  Even construction crews who bring their own drink machines are required to bring Coke.  Among my favorite features of Emory is the "mascot" - Dooley.  What university has a skeleton as a mascot?!  He's supposed to represent the "spirit of Emory" - yeah that's pretty much true then.  Each year during Dooley's Week, he wanders from building to building and lets out classes.  If a professor refuses to dismiss class, they face the threat of being hosed with a super-soaker.  I will never forget the day that Dooley dropped by my Renaissance art history class.  Professor Howett looked at him and said - "unless that thing is filled with brandy, this class is over!"Oh and one bonus star for finally(!) dropping the swimming requirement in the year that I started.  What kind of college requires students to have PE credits to graduate?  People still crack up when I tell them that one of my PE classes was Personal Fitness for the Inactive.  :)
<review# 2467,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/17/2006,6/9/2007,486,252,6,2,3>This restaurant changed hands a couple of times - I used to go there a lot for their house chicken (basically Orange Chicken / General Zou's - really good!). Then they got out the buffet business and went to Broad street instead - non-buffet.The new people who own the place clean it up and it looks really good. . . but the food was bland. Bland to the point of tears. The only thing going for it was the cute waitresses and frankly, it not worthing go there.*So I stopped going.Sometime later, I check back. The cute waitresses were gone, replaced by people who were a bit more. . . homely.  Curiously enough, the food improved.I recommend the mongolian beef and the singapore rice noodles, but everything else should be good enough. Oh, and it's cheap too.*You know you're getting old when getting good food ranks higher than being with cute women.
<review# 2468,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2007,6/7/2007,354,392,3,9,10>This place has recently reopened from its old home on 14th street.  It's a Chinese restaurant, but the first thing they ask you when you walk in is what menu you want- vegetarian or regular.  Impressive.So the old place was a hole-in-the-wall, windowless, college favorite (ahh, those Tech kids) but this new spot is lovely and nicely decorated with a beautiful Asian theme.And what made the old place famous?  It was a 24 hour Chinese restaurant.  They are working out the kinks to get it to be 24 hours again, but they are currently open from 11 am until 6 am, which I feel is sufficient enough.  And they also offer tasty liquor drinks featuring lychee, mango, and other tasty fruit juices.But they have great food, veg or not, and great hours as well.  I like the tofu dishes, while my boyfriend enjoys the sweet and sour "chicken."  But I will say (if you are vegan), be sure to ask what is vegan and what is not.  But the staff here is super friendly and accommodating and this place will soon fill back up with Tech kids, veg-heads, and late night drunken folks looking for some great Chinese food at all hours of the night!
<review# 2469,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/25/2007,6/6/2007,229,283,2,3,1>Dark Horse is the classic example of what going to the Highlands means in Atlanta. It's a bar. Not a dive bar or a college bar. It's not a trendy bar or a cocktail bar. It's filled with the "used to be frat boys who graduated five years ago" and the "southern, two years away from being married living in suburbia with child" women. However, if you don't want to go dancing, but want to meet people in an inviting environment, Dark Horse is the place. It's centrally located in the Virginia highlands and you can find parking on a side street. The long island iced teas are mixed on the spot and will jump start your night and give you the confidence to hit on that cute blonde twirling her hair next to you. She probably wants you to order her one as well. The decor is dark wood paneling with a few bar pictures lining the walls. The square bar design makes it easy to grab the bar tenders attention. The rest of the place is filled with tables and booths with waitresses taking orders. They usually have a sense of humor and kept giving our D.D. Shirley Temples and virgin blow jobs topped with too much whip cream for even the best to down. Overall, it's a good bar and you should feel comfortable there after your first visit.
<review# 2470,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2007,6/5/2007,722,577,1,6,2>Inexpensive, un-pretentious, tasty.There are 3 indian restaurants that I frequent in Atlanta -- Uddipi, Zyka and MSB.  Why?  Between the three, I can get anything I want.  Zyka serves flavourful meat with aplomb.  The decor is cafeteria style -- bright earth tones with no frills.  Styrofoam plates and plastic cutlery recall sidestreet dining -- which, for anyone who's ever travelled abroad and eaten abroad adventurously -- knows that, despite the health hazards -- it's the way to go.  Like every street side dining joint, you'll wonder at whether food is healthy -- and whether or not you lie to yourself, you'll know deep down that it isn't.  But it doesn't really matter, you tell yourself.  It's really tasty -- and it's just this once.  And then you eat enough for 3.If you're bent on gluttony, you can definitely order a lot here -- the base price of any given portion is inexpensive.  The portions of each is also inexpensive.  If you order a couple of these flavourful delights -- and supplement it with starch (rice, biryani, naan, piratha) you'll be full -- and won't have a hypertensive crisis.The spice levels here are moderate for an indian place -- so you don't need to fear it particularly.-- I suppose the best way to think of Zyka is as a fast food joint.  It's solid, South Asian fast food.So solid, that it gets a 5.If you absolutely must have real cutlery (use your hands!) and plates, I suggest calling ahead, picking it up, and use your favourite dinner sets.Yum...
<review# 2471,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/23/2007,6/3/2007,413,1464,2,8,6>The hotel is lovely, but having never stayed there, I can't say much about the rooms or service.  I came to eat at the Savoy, but had to wander around the beautiful space once I caught a tiny glimpse.  I'm a sucker for old brick and the Georgian has it in spades.  It was built in 1911 and combines old with new.  There is a strange (and huge) atrium in the center, that must go up 15 stories.  When you walk in from the restaurant, it feels a bit like you're in Grand Central Station - most of the building looks like it may have been outside at one point, and they added an enclosed addition on later (probably not ture, but that's how it feels).  There is marble and tile and brick, and huge mirrored "windows" all over.  Something about it felt a tiny bit off, and I can only assume it's the blend of the old and new feeling details.  There is a lovely salon that is exactly what you'd expect to find at a hotel called The Georgian in the heart of Atlanta.   The cast of Gone with the Wind stayed here in 1939 during the Atlanta premiere.  Which you know, woo.I wouldn't  mind staying here on my next trip out.
<review# 2472,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2007,6/2/2007,61,263,3,4,4>Southern comfort, soul food done right. Sylvia's serves a variety of foods including American, hamburgers, ribs, rotisserie, chops and good old homemade soul.  This is not a place to be if you are still on a diet.  There should be a warning label on the menu, high in fat, sugar, and everything you are not suppose to have, but its' soul gooood.  I enjoy their Sunday brunch, a full spread of everything bad for you, from fried chicken, fried cat fish, everything fried, greens, grits, and the list goes on.  The best part of Sunday brunch are the gospel singers, it's like going to a Sunday church picnic.  Everyone is extremely friendly and it gives you a feeling that you were invited over after church.
<review# 2473,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/21/2007,6/1/2007,31,19,,2,3>Combining a classy cool with a neighborhood feel, Eclipse di Sol can please just about anyone, whether it's your fussy mother-in-law or your punk rock college roommate.Partially because of its proximity (literally, right across the street) and partially cause of the great patio, this restaurant is one of my favorite spots in Atlanta.  The menu is diverse and interesting, and the food is always delicious.  While it may be a little pricey for struggling artists and most college students, menu items like the Ham and Gruyere Stuffed Peppers and Andy's Burger are the stuff addictions are made of.For the most part, the staff are attentive, friendly and cool, though weekend brunches can leave you stranded without service for frustrating lengths of time.  Even then, the food is so satisfying that one tends not to care.  In addition to the great menu, Eclipse is an excellent place for late night drinks and there is often live music.  If you're ever in the neighborhood, and it's not a Monday (when they're closed), definitely give this place a try.
<review# 2474,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2007,5/31/2007,90,264,2,2,3>Think tapas and vegetarian delights all rolled into one and you have Thai Me Up, a uniquely named niche restaurant appropriately positioned in downtown Decatur. The menu outlines items that can be prepared special for "vegetarian lovers" and traditional dishes, such as my favorite, Pad See U. If you can't stick around grab a  dinner for take out. Don't be fooled by the restaurant's small size, this is budget friendly, borderline, fine dining. The atmosphere is trendy and is far from just another Thai takeout window. If you go with a group, you must try the Thai Me Up Party. No, this isn't secret menu item that takes you to a room in the back, but rather a sampling of the Summer Roll, Spring Roll, Thai Me Up Shrimp Roll and Shrimp Chips. Yummy! If you go solo, sit down, sip on Thai ice tea and take a moment to remember that's fried tofu you are eating.
<review# 2475,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2006,5/29/2007,71,42,,6,4>I had a Mellow Mushroom pizza for dinner last night (and for breakfast) and I chided myself for not indulging more often. They make a crust that is crispy and chewy, not too thin, not too thick, a little sweet and the right amoutn of salty. I always eat the entire slice, relishing every last bite.The pizzas are timed perfectly out of the oven so the cheese is oh-so-lightly toasted. The pepperoni edges are curled up and brown, and you know the first bite is going to be heavenly. I know they offer lots of toppings, but I'm basic when it comes to my pie -- pepperoni, onions and mushrooms.
<review# 2476,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2007,5/28/2007,148,291,,2,2>A newer bar opened by the crew who established 97 Estoria, located cattycorner to Oakland Cemetary, in an area where not too many bars have popped up yet. The Standard is clean and nice, and you can tell it just by driving by. They have huge windows that bring a nice atmosphere to both the inner and outer feel of the space. Because their kind of outside the realm of other bars location-wise, you can usually count on their being plenty of room for a large group to fit in without too much trouble, though that's not to say you won't have company. The bar is large and comfortable and has plenty of seating that you can move around to accomodate your group.The drink/food prices are reasonable, and the wait staff is more attentive than many other bars of the same ilk that I've been in. I go to the Standard when I feel like relaxing and not having too many people in my face. There's plenty of room to move around, and the patio is always free. Definitely one of the better places in Atlanta for a low-key, chilled out evening, though if you're looking to super social you probably won't find much of the normal hipster crowd in here. The food here is definitely better than most other bars, and a much wider selection. They have choices to accomodate the vegetarian or the picky eater. Hopefully this place will be the standard (cringe, and excuse the pun) for the rest of the Memorial Ave. area as it continues to expand and upgrade from the ex-ghetto it used to be.
<review# 2477,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2007,5/27/2007,163,606,2,3,2>The staff at the EAV Ace Hardware are much more helpful and knowledgeable about store inventory than you would find at a big box like Lowe's or Home Depot. Maybe it's easier for them since it's a smaller store...but I think it has more to do with attitude and caring about the customer. Whenever I turn the corner of an aisle with a lost look on my face someone is trying to help me find what I need.I used to do the whole macho "I can find it myself!" routine when shopping here. Then I realized that every single person working here knows their stuff and can get me in and out of the store with everything I need in a minute or two if I let them help me.The only thing I don't buy here is mulch and plants. The selection isn't as good here as at a nursery or the dreaded big boxes...but for anything else it's a great store.
<review# 2478,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/31/2007,5/26/2007,1351,418,3,3,6>Let me first say, being from San Francisco, it is REALLY hard . . . maybe even impossible to impress me food-wise.  I know it,  I own it, but there you have it.So . . . the best part of dinner was the company of some of my favorite colleagues.   Pizza was decent, service fine, but gotta save the 4 and 5 stars for those places that knock my taste-bids on their ass.
<review# 2479,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2007,5/25/2007,13,18,,4,3>Fever is a "newer" nightspot and club in upper midtown. With a combination of lounge areas, bars, sitting places, dance floors, and vip areas galore it mixes well for a nice hot spot every weekend.On a nightly bases (Mainly weekends) they have two to three types of music going. Upstairs when you come in you get a mixture of either house and dance/techno or reggatone/ hip hop. Both work well and usually have a decent crowd on the floor. The only problem with this is, to get downstairs, you have to cross the back corner of that floor into the doorway, so like the 400, expect delays and occasional collisions. Downstairs they play the usual Top 40 mix and match with an occasional guest house or international DJ. When I went last it was to see Bad Boy Bill so that was pretty crowded, but alot of fun. Atmosphere wise Fever was designed like a higher end Miami Beach style club, many colors, mood catching lights and plenty of seating areas to chill and chat. But if you go to sit at a dance club, I suggest a lounge or bar. All in all it's a nice place, the cover will usually run you about 20 more or less, but they have events happening almost every weekend that can cost more to "attend" so be ready to shell out a little more to see some star wave at you from the VIP.  And like the rest of the city, you'll probably pay to park somewhere, unless you're a good free spot hunter like me! So go have fun, there's no reason to not go if you're up for a good time on the weekend and on that side of town!
<review# 2480,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2007,5/24/2007,3,9,,3,1>This is a jewel many Atlantans have not yet discovered.  Located in historic Norcross, it makes for a pleasant outing, even if you have to drive from another part of the city.  Casual and comfortable, the interior has brick walls and a pleasant bar.  But the food is what this establishment is all about.  The lasagne is fantastic.  I've tried numerous pasta dishes, as well as a number of chicken selections.  They have all been superb.  The Italian bread, drenched in butter and finely shaved garlic is an absolute must.  I once took two of my aunts (who live in other states) to Dominick's.  It has been several years and they still talk about the garlic bread every time I see them. After dinner, you can stroll around the Norcross village and window shop.  I don't live in Norcross, but when I have a craving for Italian food, I choose Dominick's over all others in Atlanta.    Make the drive - it's worth it!
<review# 2481,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/26/2006,5/23/2007,200,605,2,2,3>Being that I am from the west coast, and am used to mediocre theme parks, this place really impressed me. It was clean, fun and there were plenty of activities for people of all ages. I didn't feel like I was going to get shot or be involved in some gang violence..Which was an extra bonus. Trust me...this place is great. I'd like to come back if my in laws ever go again.
<review# 2482,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/16/2006,5/22/2007,26,45,1,4,2>Don't come here if you only have an hour for lunch!  The food is delicious, but it is truly a French restaurant when it comes to time.  Not that it's a bad place to linger - the amosphere is inviting, the staff is friendly, if not prompt, and everyone who I've dined here with enjoys the food.  Try the warm salads, and always check the specials board.  The brunch menu is pretty inviting as well, although those of us who work downtown find it difficult to head in this direction on the weekends!
<review# 2483,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2007,5/21/2007,311,245,2,7,4>In no way, shape or form will I ever associate myself with going to the theater on a regular basis; mainly, because I prefer the company of sports and my testosterone driven man status; however, I heard about the Shakespeare Tavern from a reliable source who informed me that it was "different and perfect place to take a date."  Of course I was intrigued, so I went to their website and bought some tickets to their rendition of 'Romeo and Juliet'The only plays that I had ever been to before going to the Shakespeare Tavern where shows like "Phantom of the Opera" at the Fox Theater.  Aside from the great performance by the actors at the Tavern, the seating offers an intimate setting between the audience and the performers; for example, my seats were right next to the stage and one of the actors who was playing the part of Tybalt (the villain) jokingly flirted with my date while staying within his rehearsed and perfectly executed play dialog.I was amazed, to say the least.  The Tavern offers its visitors a full course meal, accompanied by an excellent beer and wine selection, which can be consumed before or during the actual play.  At intermission guests are then given the option to purchase more refreshments and desert ( I recommend the Apple Pie and a Sam Smith Oatmeal Stout)Overall this was an unforgettable experience that my date and I will never forget.
<review# 2484,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/7/2007,5/20/2007,120,360,,2,1>Ok, I had the chicken, mushroom quesadillas.. nothing to write home about.  But one of my friends had the beef tenderloin tacos.. this is what you must order, it was fabulous.  To drink, get the raspberry margarita on ice.  Its seriously the best drink i've had in a while.  The staff was really friendly and we had a good time.
<review# 2485,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2007,5/19/2007,22,39,1,1,1>This was the only bagel I ever truly knew before wandering out west.  And remains the best by far.  To be sure, had I gone north and east, I'd likely have found a comparable feast.  But, alas, I am adrift in a western wasteland devoid of a good nosh.  That said, there are plenty of other tasty eats to enjoy in Cal.  But this morning, chomping through a long sought after and at last acceptable Sacto bagel, I reminisced of youthful innocence, naivete and pure oneg bagel (bagel delight).
<review# 2486,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2007,5/18/2007,13,6,1,2,1>Vincent's is a newer, family owned, Italian restaurant that is RIGHT around the corner from my house.  Therefore, I go there quite often because I loathe cooking.  The food here is pretty darn good although they honestly could use a little more seasoning, but again, my hatred of cooking forces me to eat anywhere else except for my own home.  My oldest daughter LOVES to eat here and my ex-chef (don't think I'm lucky - he doesn't cook at home) husband doesn't seem to mind it either.  I've only had fettucine alfredo with seafood (because it is my absolute favorite food and I get it whenever we visit a place that has it) and a meatball sandwich that I got for lunch, which was pretty darn tasty and DID NOT lack seasoning - I felt it all day...thanks to my heartburn!  Their calimari is good too...not so much of the squid like pieces that I don't care for.  This makes is sound like a cheesy place, but they often send buy one get one free coupons in the local paper, which is cool.  It appears to have a good crowd during the evening although my daughter and I were the only patrons for lunch at noon one day.   I hope they stay in business though.  I like family owned restaurants to stay alive but more importantly, want to have seafood fettucine alfredo waiting for me right around the corner!
<review# 2487,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/20/2007,5/16/2007,261,217,,6,1>Good Persian/ Middle Eastern eats here...I'm a big fan of the Koubideh which is ground beef with herbs on a kabob.  Their saffron rice is really delicious and they also have a special rice dish with dried cherries ( I think).  Interesting and tasty.I agree with Rilindo...the pita rocks.  The eggplant dip is really good too and not greasy like some I have had elsewhere.They have a party room off to one side...this could most likely be reserved by you!
<review# 2488,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2007,5/15/2007,1651,2742,,2,2>There really needs to be more places like Cafe Intermezzo in almost all cities. Not many places feature indoor/outdoor dining, fantastic desserts, great drinks, awesome service, and late night hours all packed into one. The desserts were fantastic, a chocolate raspberry filling cake and pecan topping cheese cake tantalized my palette while I tried some of their fantastic drinks unique to the house. The bartenders and waitstaff were nice and hospitable and the prices were suitable for the quality of food/drinks that we were getting. With the dark decor and outside dining (with heaters), it is surely one of the more accommodating venues available in Atlanta. This is a must stop for anyone coming through Atlanta on a weekend.
<review# 2489,isUSA=TRUE,2.0,5/3/2007,5/14/2007,81,215,,3,2>Nail Talk is supposed to be "the best" shop in Atlanta. I'd heard some bad things about it but decided to give it a shot. It was 3p on a Thursday.  Shouldn't be crowded, right?  I walked in.  Lots of faces smiled at me but no one jumped at the chance to help me. I took the initiative and asked for a manicure/pedicure. I was escorted to one of those big "massage" chairs, I didn't exactly feel relaxed but  tried to make the best of it. They did the mani and the pedi at the same time.  Which I like because I'm really impatient and I'm all about multi-tasking.  The manicurist not only massaged my hands and arms but she walked behind me and did a little job on my neck and shoulders. The facilities were clean, neat and well maintained. All in all, the manipedi was fine.  Not fabulous but not bad. Worth the $30.UPDATE: The polish has literally peeled off of each of my nails. My manicure wasn't as good as I initally thought. I have hang nails, and my cuticles look pretty bad.  I'm changing my 3 stars to a 2.  My pedicure is holding up well though.
<review# 2490,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2007,5/13/2007,352,299,1,1,3>How is it possible that I am the first to review this jewel of a restaurant?  No weekend of my life is complete without a caffeine-heavy brunch at American Roadhouse in the Highlands.  I swear by the Greek omelet (I prefer it made with egg whites), which comes with your choice of a seemingly endless list of breakfast meats, plus your choice of cheese grits (delish); homefries (freaking awesome -- thick round slices of potato = heavenly); or fruit.  THEN ... as if that's not enough to feed you and every one else sitting at your table, your server will ask if you want toast (which kind?) or a biscuit.  And don't forget about your choice of pancakes on top of all the above.  It's hard to resist, but sometimes you have to JUST SAY NO!Service can be slow, but it's forgiven.  They're very busy serving up some of the best brunch in town.  I have to admit, as much as I love this place, I've only been for brunch.  I'm going with what I know ...
<review# 2491,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/21/2006,5/12/2007,5,6,,3,3>Two Words - Seasoned Fries. You will not be able to get them off your mind. Cool atmosphere, great outside seating for "people watching" in the Village. I love how they remember us vegetarians with the chili and nachos. Thanks guys.
<review# 2492,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2007,5/11/2007,69,65,,3,2>I was ruined on Chickpea hummus in NYC and thought I'd never find its likeness but here the hummus is AMAZING!  The owner is friendly and accommodating and I will go back here again and again, even if just for the hummus!  4 dinners a week they have a full buffet and for lunch, the buffet is 6 days a week.  An absolute winner.  If you like Mediterranean style food, you must check this out!!
<review# 2493,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2007,5/10/2007,4,31,1,1,1>Who knew bar food could be this good? Even the fish and chips rocks.But the beer selection, jesu cristo. I could spend the rest of my life here trying everything. If you are a beer lover in the Atlanta area and you haven't been to Brick Store Pub you are a schmuck. Seriously. Included on the mind-bogglingly huge menu is a lovely selection of cellar-aged rarities plus a large array of beers of all origins on draft. As of winter 2006/07 they even have Samichlaus 2004 vintage on tap at the main bar. Regular events Include tastings and special tappings of rare kegs. I especially like the small cheese menu offered with the beer list. Last visit I had a plate of locally-produced hard goat cheese with a glass of cellar-kept 2004 Thomas Hardy's. Absolutely exquisite.
<review# 2494,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2007,5/9/2007,36,372,1,1,1>First off, forget the name.  This is a true restaurant, and as soon as you drop your car off with the (mandatory) valet and pass through the doors, you'll feel like you just stepped onto someone's yacht.  And that someone is very rich.The wood paneling sets off the old-world vibe quite nicely.  The menu is basically steakhouse-lite, with a couple of traditional dishes such as fried chicken.  The lack of draft beer is troubling, but this seems more like a place for cocktails.Don't forget to leave room for dessert, especially the James Beard award-winning White Chocolate Banana Cream Pie!!
<review# 2495,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2007,5/8/2007,28,49,,6,5>This is my friend's favorite Thai restaurant in Norcross, GA. As a Californian, I am really impressed with the decor, cleanliness (especially restroom), friendly service, food selections and flavor. Coincidently, the server's name is also Emily and she is from Malaysia too!!! We found out from her that the chef is from Thailand. As usual, my friend ordered and had me try one of her favorite dishes - spicy basil noodle and I picked spicy mango chicken. Both dishes were yummolicius and most importantly, we got a kick of spiciness. Absolutely luuuuuve it!! Portions were more than enough for the two of us. We had an enjoyable lunch and I would definitely visit this restaurant again when I am in town next time.
<review# 2496,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2007,5/7/2007,27,71,4,3,4>Ikea Haiku ReviewCheap storage optionskeep my loft minimal, but,low price = low grade.
<review# 2497,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2007,5/6/2007,87,363,,2,2>3.5 stars...rounding up to 4.When I found out I was going to Atlanta for work, the first thing I did was seek out a place for Cajun food.  Yes, I know that Atlanta is not the birthplace of Cajun food.   But ever since I moved out west, I make getting my fill of So Co  (food, not the liquor), my top priority whenever I am below the Mason-Dixon line.  Sure, I could have driven my rental Ford Focus even further from the Perimeter to hit up the ever popular chain, Pappadeaux, in Suburbia, GA.  (Had it been Tuesday or Wednesday, I would have strongly considered it since they have a rockin' boiled crawfish deal right now on those days).  However, I turned to Chowhound for real answers, and found myself searching for a place named French Quarter Too.  Apparently the name has now changed to Beyond The Bayou, but the location is the same and the menu is definitely Cajun--po'boys, gumbo, alligator, jambalaya, Abita, etc.  I had a cup of gumbo to start...dark and spicy...reminiscent of my old college friend's family's recipe.  I was torn between entree decisions: oyster po'boy or shrimp and grits.  I went for the shrimp and cheese grits...very flavorful, but I wish they had given me more shrimp instead of so many tomatoes, peppers, and onions in the sauce.  Unfortunately their oven was broken, so dessert wasn't even an option.  :(  The service was genuinely friendly and prompt.  If I were a local, I would definitely make Beyond the Bayou part of my restaurant rotation.  In a town full of chains, supporting the little guy is a must!
<review# 2498,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2007,5/5/2007,21,117,2,3,3>My friend lives incredibly close to this place (walking distance)and we both like to drink alot.... no matter how the night starts out..somehow we always end up here....the owners are cool and know me by now...and the food isnt that bad either...
<review# 2499,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2007,5/4/2007,100,397,,2,2>I came to eat here after watching my beloved Hoyas lose to Ohio St. in the Final Four last weekend.  This restaurant definitely made me feel better!The setting is laid back and classy at the same time.  My waiter (who was  really good looking) was polite and very helpful to my friends and I.  He recommended the Uptown (sweet tea + lemonade drink) which is absolutely delicious.My friend and I split the Grammy Winner Smothered Chicken.  A breaded and fried breast of chicken smothered in gravy served over a bed of white rice.  It came with 2 side dishes, she got Mac'n Cheese, I got the hash browns, and 1 corn muffin.The chicken was soft and juicy, with the perfect amount of gravy.  Coupled with the rice, I thought I was in heaven.  The Mac'n Cheese had a perfect amount of delicous cheese (our other friend couldn't stop gushing over it).  The Hash Browns were equally as delicious, and I liked how it had a slight kick to it too.  The corn muffin was expectedly delicious.My friend and I both ordered waffles.  She got the original, I got the buckwheat.  We were so happy!  The waffle had the perfect amount of sweetness (even with the syrup) and was basically the best waffle I've ever had.  Good size too!My other two friends ordered pretty much the same thing, and we all really enjoyed what we had.For dessert: the 4 of us split 1 Peach cobbler and 1 sweet potato cheesecake.  The each cobbler was not what I expected.  They take a scoop of peach cobbler and just put it in a bowl.  I thought they were individually made peach cobblers, so I was a bit disappointed.  It still tasted great though!  It wasn't too sweet either and made with fresh Georgia peaches.The dessert to have though, it the sweet potato cheesecake.  Our waiter said it was his favorite and highly recommended it, and I'm glad we ordered it!   Cheesecake but not too thick and rich because of the sweet potato.  It was perfect.  Maybe since none of us are from the south and have never had chicken and waffles, we thought this place was just amazing.  I highly doubt it though.  The food was incredible, and at 11pm on a Saturday night, locals were still pouring in.  If I ever go back to Atlanta, I'll be sure to stop by Gladys Knight and Ron Winan's restaurant.
<review# 2500,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2007,5/3/2007,24,52,5,1,3>It was March 2005 and my last day in Hotlanta.  I was anxiously waiting to get back to SF after a cross-country trip and found myself with some time to kill at the airport.Hmm...what should I have for breakfast... pizza? eh.  tacos? meh. muffin? borrring. Wait, is that a Popeye's in the food court?  I never had it before even though I've seen them plenty in the west side.  The big line drew my attention though and once the thought of fried chicken gets in your head, you can't get it out.It was $2 for chicken and a biscuit, so I bought 2.  They don't even have that on the menu at the three San Fran Popeye's I've been to since, let alone a price like that. Damn tastiest fast food I had the whole trip (including all the Waffle Houses).The big southern lady working the line was super on top of things and the friendliest person I've met at a fast food counter.  One of those people that loves her job (rare to see in an airport).  She was like "Ohhh honey chil' honey chil', what can I get you?" "Uh, chicken and a biscuit" "Chicken and a biscuit! Good Lord, Good Lord you sweet thing! Comin right up!"Then some pilot was in line behind me and she was like "awww sugar, so good to see you again!  How are things? The usual?"Unreal.  Totally unreal.  Next time I book a flight anywhere, I'll see if it connects through Atlanta's airport to see if this gem still exists. Damn, that was some good eatin'.  No Popeye's has compared since.
<review# 2501,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2007,5/2/2007,48,87,2,1,2>Get this fish!  Get the fish!  All the Vietnamese who come here seem to gravitate toward the whole fried fish with a big platter of greens, basil, and other assorted fragrant leaves.  They serve it with rice paper wraps so you can make your own rolls.  It is a big whole fish, so only do this if you're a party of four--though I think you can order a half fish, which is fine for two hungry people.  Watch out for bones!  Also, it takes about 45 minutes, so if you order this dish you should make a reservation and go ahead and tell them you're getting the fish.Honky tip: pretend it is a Vietnamese burrito...you once had to learn about burritos, right?  Rice wraps are admittedly a bit more delicate.  Com uses a really hearty brand of rice paper, so it doesn't fall apart as easily as others.  However, it is easy to let the paper stick to itself and it becomes a sticky mess...try not dipping it in the hot water quite as long as you might be tempted to (it isn't pasta, and doesn't require much time.  Remember that you are reconstituting it, not cooking it.)Also this is a whole fish, meaning whole fish: bones, head and tail.  This is how the rest of the world eats fish.  It is good to feel personally connected with your food; look your dinner right in the eye.Speaking of Mexican food, my wife ordered some kind of a beef tenderloin dish that came on a sizzling iron skillet with onions and red peppers...just like fajitas.  It was tender and yummy, but a bit of a disappointment since we were expecting something different.  It was a bizarre experience to be in a Buford Hwy Vietnamese restaurant and have a dish that we could have ordered in an insipid Chilli's or Applebee's.  We just didn't know any better...it wasn't C'om's fault at all.Other recs: b'un and grape leaf-wrapped appies.  The pork and lamb are the most flavorful.I don't know exactly what is in that broth typically served with b'un and other rice noodle varieties, but it is amazing here.
<review# 2502,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2007,5/1/2007,1,4,4,2,1>We love Five Guys!  We had already decided that we were coming back before we'd even tasted the food just because of their GREAT customer service.  They were dancing around to some great oldies tunes and just smiling away.  Super friendly people!  You can see everything that they are doing while preparing your food which is also a plus.   The food is dreamy.  The beef they use is fresh never frozen. Burgers and fries are cooked to order and the fries are cut by hand.  There is a HUGE variety of toppings and they're all FREE.  They know how to prepare the perfect burger and fries.  You can get the plain or Cajun fries.  I recommend both!  Because we're in America and we seem to be really good at eating huge portions of  food, that's just what they serve you at Five Guys.  The REGULAR burger is two patties (enormous amount of food) and the "Little" burger is one patty.  The REGULAR fry is sometimes too much for two people.  So watch how much you order!  I am sad to say that I could only give them four stars because the past month the customer service has been horrible.  No one there seems to be even slightly happy anymore. The worst one of all was when the bitch behind the counter wasn't pay attention to my order.  After I repeated it for the third time she still got it wrong and then proceeded to say "I know I heard you say that you wanted a drink..don't make me do no refund on a drink..I'm not gonna do a refund on a drink.."  It took a whole lot not to jump across the counter and introduce her face to a deep-fryer.
<review# 2503,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/14/2007,4/30/2007,23,31,3,3,>Home of shockingly meaty veggie burgers and many self-mutilating parrots. Service has improved considerably over the past few years.
<review# 2504,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/13/2006,4/29/2007,65,16,1,6,1>Here's what I like about Korea Garden -- its service. Unlike other Asian --- mostly Korean restaurants -- waitresses and waiters are way way too busy. Not here. The women attend to your needs especially when you're barbecuing and need someone professional to flip the short ribs from burning. Kalbi -- the short ribs -- are actually well marinated too. The restaurants also gives more portion of Kalbi than any other similar BBQ places. And they are not stingy on bhan-chan or small side dishes such as kimchi, spinach, fishcake, etc. I've been Korean for the past 34 years -- six in Atlanta. This is one of my fav places in ATL.
<review# 2505,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2007,4/28/2007,52,253,2,5,2>This place gets 4 stars just for having a vegetarian coconut soup. I looooooove coconut soup, but usually can't get it due to most places using chicken broth/stock as a base. However, their tofu coconut soup is vegetarian and DELICIOUS. Just a bit of spice, the sweetness of coconut, and a nice hint of lime. Amazing.Otherwise, I was unimpressed. I got tofu pad see ew, and theirs was completely unlike any I've had before. It was more in a gravy like lad nar is supposed to. Also, there was very little broccoli or egg in there (5 pieces of broccoli??? practically indistinguishable pieces of egg???). It was mostly noodle and baked tofu. Which you know, I love rice noodles, but I'd just like a LITTLE more vegetable than that.However, even with a friend of mine, who also got an appetizer and an entree, it was just $26, which is pretty darned reasonable. I also don't understand all the complaints about the service. We went at a busy time, and our server was great. My friend knew what she wanted but couldn't remember the name, so the waitress went through the menu with her to figure out what it was.This doesn't strike me as particularly authentic, but it was good for what it was.
<review# 2506,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2007,4/27/2007,5,7,,5,4>One thing that you should know about me...I am have an obsessive compulsion when it comes to Mexican food.   The combination of cilantro, limes, serranos, smoky salsa, avocados, salt and everything else involved causes some kind of endorphin explosion every time I eat it (obsessed!).  That being said, I tend to be particularly critical in this food category.No Mas Cantina completely exceeded my expectations.  The space is exquisitely done with no detail left untouched.  Fortunate for me, my company was equally impressed with the space and didn't mind the fact that my eyes were on everything else except him.  Including the food!  Which leads me into the best part... we were greeted at our table with warm, extra salty chips and homemade roasted tomato salsa which was smoky and delicious.  We ordered a side of guac - which was the only disappointment of the day because it was a tad too creamy and bland for my taste.  We shared the steak and shrimp fajita entree which consisted of ginormous grilled shrimp and beautifully prepared flank steak.  The house margaritas were perfect and fresh and the service was excellent as well.  Honestly, the only thing missing from No Mas is the beach.  After eating lunch, all I wanted to do was sit under a beach umbrella and nap in the sun.  Fortunately, my couch was happy to help me out.Cheers to this fantastic in-town cantina!
<review# 2507,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2007,4/26/2007,382,633,4,4,2>Love 80s music + all the pple brave enough to hop up and shake what took your momma 9 months to give ya
<review# 2508,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2007,4/25/2007,89,100,,31,6>First of all I'd like to say that, I love the way Dominican beauticians do hair.  My hair has never had as much body and a look of healthfulness.  Anyway, I tried this salon today and I left a very happy camper.  I was seen almost as soon as I walked in the door and I was treated like royalty.  I will be back and these people will know me because I am a new customer.  Shout out to two of the beauticians in particular - Jeanette and Rosa.
<review# 2509,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2007,4/24/2007,11,676,1,5,4>One of the best aquariums I've visited thus far. Minus one star for being so crowded. Definitely recommend buying tickets in advance. We arrived at 12 p.m. but had to wait until 2 p.m. since the previous time slots were sold out. I would go around 4 p.m. when the crowds start to disperse and stay until closing.
<review# 2510,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/9/2007,4/23/2007,29,388,,2,2>Going on vacation is sometimes hard when there is no good coffee at the hotel your staying at. However I found this little place right down the street. Caribou has good choices of coffee/concoctions to choose from. They make a decent latte and cappuccino. But, their specialty dessert drinks are the better choice. Try the "Mint Condition", a blend of coco, espresso, milk, whipped cream, and it topped with chocolate mint bits.
<review# 2511,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2007,4/22/2007,52,195,,2,2>One of the BEST helathy alternatives around. Visiting from California, we come here every trip. Huge salads, generous entres that are healthy and fulfilling. Highly recommend for family get togethers, although there is limited large party space, make a resi. Service is spotty sometimes really great, sometimes not.
<review# 2512,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2007,4/21/2007,67,57,3,3,3>I love Zifty.I've ordered from them several times, the first after seeing one of their delivery cars on my office campus and thinking "thank the sweet baby Nascar Jesus that something survived the WebVan era".The most recent was an a few months ago following a doctors appointment when I didn't want to leave the house, but to stay in my jammies and have a face stuffing pity party.Zifty came to the rescue, delivering tasty treats I never would have tried otherwise b/c they had partnerships with restaurants I hadn't heard of (Bab's on Juniper with dessert from Chocolate Pink). I also like that my meals are always accompanied by a copy of The Sunday Paper for some semimindless flipping, since I never get around to picking that up either.Did I mention I love Zifty?
<review# 2513,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2006,4/20/2007,119,243,2,2,2>I love how convenient this is to my house. When we first moved to the EAV, we were like, "damn, we gotta drive like forever to get to Target". Well, not any more!!!Some tips:Park underneath Target. No one parks under there, and you can park like feet from the building. Don't go to Kroger on the weekends unless you really want to wait; it is almost like they are giving things away for free, at least, that is all I can think to explain the amount of people that crowd into that place.The Best Buy is a smaller store, so it doesn't have everything most BB's have. That being said, it is still convenient.I am very disappointed with the eating establishments here. Specifically, I was very excited when Figo finally opened, only to have two awful experiences... I guess we will keep going to the one in Decatur.Area is awesome. Nuff said.
<review# 2514,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2007,4/19/2007,47,312,3,1,1>Krispy Kreme on Ponce is in many ways a southern experience. I honestly can't think of a single drive-through donut shop north of Virginia. Needless to say, I love the south. This place is even funnier if you go inside. You can watch the donuts in their glory as they filter down the assembly line, grease glistening in the harsh florescent light. There are even free paper hats that say "I love Krispy Kreme" across the front. Adorable. The donuts are each less than a dollar. It's amazing to think how many calories one could consume in a matter of seconds. I try to not come here often in spite of the temptation. Did I mention this establishment is open 24 hours? Dangerous.
<review# 2515,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/1/2007,4/17/2007,41,158,2,1,2>This bar at the top goes round and roundround and roundround and roundThis bar at the top goes round and roundand you can view all of the town.Good chambord chocolate martini. Crappy fake leather falling apart seats. Fun to sit in the rotating area and check out the view of Atlanta. Sad that last call was at 11:30 on a Tuesday night.
<review# 2516,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2007,4/15/2007,2520,2644,2,5,4>atl...the dirty south....home to lil jon and ludacris....the airport is actually simple modern country heaven....easy access pick-up from north or south....walk from gates to the outside world isn't a game of mouse and maze....easy, breezy, beautiful cover girl....hourly parking is cheap....$1 for 30 minutes...$2 for an hour......no complaints from this frequent traveler..
<review# 2517,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2007,4/14/2007,60,61,,2,1>It's definitely not "fine French dinning" but it's quick, affordable and good.  Similar to "Moe's" you walk through a cafeteria style line, point and choose what you want to eat (they also have several menu options that are not available to see and select in the line, but you can order them to be made and brought out to you).  I especially love the pastry selection. I've gone here for pastries alone a couple of times as this really is a good place to go grab goodies if you're cooking dinner or having a party at home.  If you're looking for fine French dinning, this is not the place for you, but if you're looking for quick French food.. it would be right up your alley!lamadeleine.com
<review# 2518,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2007,4/13/2007,10,35,1,1,3>You're looking at one of the things I miss about Atlanta the most. Fat Matt's is unabashedly old school barbecue, mind you. The restaurant is a shanty that barely gets by on building code inspections. The bread is Wonder, the beans canned, the sweet potato pie wrapped in saran in individual slices at the counter.  Westside 310 princes and princesses used to sanitized, Angeleno concepts of barbecue joint like Mr. Cecil's (although they have great food) would be baffled. Fat Matt's, you see, is a relic from what barbecue joints used to be: food for the working class. And what food it is. I've eaten at many of the barbecue legends around Atlanta, like the much-heralded Pig-N-Chik, but I can safely say that these dudes have the best god damn ribs in the state. The meat tears off the bone like Kleenex. What keeps me from awarding the full five stars, however, is that the rest of the food doesn't quite measure up. Yes yes, it's a RIB shack, but come on, if you put as much effort into your pulled pork as you did your ribs...Anyway, the atmosphere is half the fun, the ribs are to die for, and if you come at night, you get some kickin' live blues bands too. A must visit.P.S. the sweet potato pie is good, don't forget to pick up a slice when you leave
<review# 2519,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2007,4/12/2007,57,110,,1,1>Why doesn't everyone in ATL shop here?Quality spices in bulk, an array of exotic (and not) vegetables & fruits from around the world, fresh fish, candy, delicious meats, thorough wine section, bakery and even a deli: all reasonably priced.I could wander around here for hours! (And have.)Every person I've taken here is an immediate convert. I only wish there was one in SF!
<review# 2520,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2007,4/11/2007,3,5,,3,3>This wine shop is located in a new shopping center in Sandy Springs ... but you forget that as soon as you walk in the door.  The atmosphere is of a wineshop/tasting room right from Napa.  On Thursday nights they offer a great tasting event for $12 (less for groups)  where you get to taste 12 wines and have some light appetizers.  Plus you get a discount on up to three bottles of wine.  They've got a great selection of wine and the employees are knowledgeble on the wines.  The tasting night is a great night out with a group of friends or a double date.  They've got lots of other events going on all week long.
<review# 2521,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/6/2006,4/10/2007,6,52,1,2,>I've been to European coffee houses and bistro's before and this place has a lot of work to do if it's going to try and claim to be either. Good selection of coffee's and pastry, excellent soups, but could be better with the sandwich's. There are better places than this but it's not bad for lunch or a lite dinner.
<review# 2522,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2006,4/9/2007,76,179,,1,2>I heard this is where I can find the best pancakes in town, so I ran as fast as I could.  This place reminds me of Mongolia Cafe or Kerby Lane in Austin in the atmosphere and the all-organic foods.  Very eclectic and unique - it defenitely has its own feel.  (not like a chain restaurant.)  That's the reason for star number one.  The oraganic oatmeal pancakes with peaches were yummy.   But they tasted just like soft, fluffy oatmeal cookies - no syrup needed. So I wouldn't put them in the same category as pancakes.  The pancakes are the reason for star number 2. I was there on a Wednesday morning and it was packed. On a Wednesday???? The service was excellent. I may come back to check out the other menu items.
<review# 2523,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2007,4/8/2007,70,324,,2,2>Fantastic! Nice wine list, good nibbles, and knowledgeable servers made Krog Bar a delight. The almond butter, apple, and goat cheese finger sandwiches are delicious. Great cozy, hip atmosphere too.
<review# 2524,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2007,4/7/2007,3,11,,2,1>Rathbun's is hands down the restaurant I miss most now that I do not live in Atlanta.  It is one of the few places that I make a point to go to every time I am in town.  The Sea Scallops Benedict and Braised Beef Short Ribs are highly recommended, as is almost anything on the chef's specials menu.  The wine list is also very good, with many bottles that you will not find in the store.  Seating can be a little tight, but the atmosphere is lively and the service is first rate.One tip:  While the wine list is very good, if you bring your own, they will open one bottle for free.  I have heard that you have to offer a taste to the chef, but the last time we were there we did not have to.
<review# 2525,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2007,4/6/2007,2,16,1,3,2>Absolutely adore this restaurant's fried chicken and eating outside on in the spring or summer is great, but the service is frequently slow and scatterbrained and inside it is stiflingly loud. I wouldn't have anyone over 50 eat inside for fear that they could not even carry on conversation. I don't even like to put that much effort into dinner table conversation. Certainly detracts from the "romance factor".
<review# 2526,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2007,4/5/2007,22,49,3,3,2>Burger Win, formerly Burger Wing, gets 5 stars from me.I know, I know.  What?!This place offers everything from burgers and wings to Chinese and Thai.  I am giving them 5 stars because they deliver until 3 am every single day of the week and I love them for it.  They DO cook with MSG but will make almost anything without it, upon request (excepting Currie sauces which are made beforehand).The veggie fried rice is amazing.  Veggie spring rolls are fantastic and crunchy with yummy little glass noodles inside.  The boyfriend loved the teriyaki chicken and pot stickers.  Great prices; extremely helpful, patient, friendly service.  Quick delivery.Can't be beaten at 2:30 am.  : )
<review# 2527,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/7/2007,4/4/2007,27,125,2,1,2>I'm just waiting for the new World of Coca-Cola that's supposed to be built. Hopefully the new place will represent more of this franchise giant as the name suggests. This was one of the places I had to go when I went to Georgia. Only because I'm an avid coke fan and despise pepsi with all of my heart. So needless to say I was pretty exited to come here even though I knew it couldn't have been that spectacular since the place is so small.There was a wait when we got there but the line moved quickly. There's a host that makes the line wait tolerable by asking coke facts and if you get it right you get prizes. The place itself is basically a self paced timeline tour of coca cola since it first started until now. Lots of memorabilia everywhere with a few activities here and there such as a video and demonstration. The tour is pretty short unless you actually take the time to read through the stuff. A bit disappointing for a coca cola fan.The best part is drinking all the soda made by Coca cola until your taste buds can't handle the sugary goodness anymore. The first room is your original coke sodas found in the U.S. The fountain thing is pretty cool but that's just all for show. The second room is the international one. Don't worry there are bathrooms so drink up. The room is small and the dispensers are too close together so there's lots of pushing and shoving. But I suggest trying each flavor. I really liked the ginger beer from South Africa. The Korean soda is just like the carbonated cider that I used to drink as a kid. After awhile though you feel like you're body is in sugar overload from drinking so much, but it's worth it :)There's of course a store at the end of the tour for all your collecting needs. I was disappointed that they didn't have any coke bottle cap belts. I was really hoping that they had it.I suggest waiting until the new one opens, I think this one is going to close sometime in April. Why does pepsi suck? You don't see them with their own shrine now do you? ha!Bow down to the King of pop!
<review# 2528,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2006,4/3/2007,26,67,,3,3>Came upon recommendation from a friend who attended Georgia Tech, and let me tell you, if he learned anything at college the existence of Aria has to be one of the best lessons. It's in the posh Buckhead neighborhood and offers an exquisite and varied menu that changes daily. Ambiance a mix of traditional (in an old library) and eclectic (cool art pieces all around). Our waitress Suzanne was a true Georgia peach. I mentioned I loved the creamless mushroom soup and that I cook a lot of soups - next thing I know she's on the computer downstairs trying to google the chef's recipe for me to take home. Really. Everything was perfect and pleasing to our entire group.
<review# 2529,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/17/2007,4/2/2007,36,108,,4,3>I saw a super-long poetry reading at the Apache. I was looking forward to some fried green tomatoes, but after I had ordered and paid, the bartender told me they were out. I ended up with a very tasty salad instead. It took almost an hour to appear, but the bartenders were sweet about it.There is a back patio at the Apache that seems like a secret Garden of Eden, and it was nice to escape the performance for some fresh air.This was a good, artsy spot. I wish it had been a bit easier to find (our cab driver spent at least 15 minutes and three phone calls to his dispatcher trying to find the place), but I would go back there for a taste of culture any day.
<review# 2530,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2006,4/1/2007,486,252,4,1,2>Until a couple of years ago, I haven't been to the dentist in a while.A long while.A long since high school while.At the time, I didn't think it would matter. Even after I started getting cavities and I got decent dental insurance, I didn't go. Frankly, I didn't care.Then my wisdom teeth kicked in with the pain - and it was the worse pain I ever had in a while. Within a couple of days, I could barely eat anything harder than a noodle. So afterwards, I tried one of the places that my co-worker went to, but I couldn't get surgery until I go through a dentist first. So I called JR (it's was the closest near by apartment at the time), and despite being book, I was able to get an appointment the next day (or was it the day after?). The day of the appointment - I went to the office (got lost a bit), filled out my insurance info and then headed over to the chair.At that point, they took X-rays and confirm that I do need to take out my wisdom teeth and gave me a referral. Since it's been a while since I been to the dentists, at this point I decided to go all out and have them work my cavities.Of course, I forgot all about the needles, though, which I realized just as they put the first one into my mouth.And the second.And the third.And the fourth.I think there was a fifth one too, but I forget.After it was all done, Jerry looked at me and said, "You are a very brave man."I think I said something back. I don't remember, since I could barely talk.Then I had my first dental cleaning in a while with Cindy (she was fun to work with) getting all those food particles that have accumulated over the years. . . all that food I ate. . . the tommy burgers. .  .  . the in-n-outs. . . Kusimbos. . .  all that was in my mouth since the Clinton Administration. . . gone.And so I went out there with shiny, clean teeth, with all the cavities filled in - I felt like a new man.New man that was still in pain, though, since I still need oral surgery. Fortunately, the penicillin that was perscribed to me fixed the infection - that was gone in a couple of days.Funny thing is that I never went to that referral - too chicken to go. But after that experience, I have been going to this dentist ever since. Kudos to them for putting up with me. :D
<review# 2531,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2007,3/31/2007,4,14,,2,1>Smoky, tender, delicious...this is some good barbeque.  Rolling Bones is located in a converted gas station about 10 minutes from downtown Atlanta.  We went at an odd time (2pm on Saturday), so I don't know if the absence of a line should be expected at other times.  The service was quick and helpful (take the person's advice and go for the hot sauce, which isn't really that hot).  There are a handful of tables in a sunny dining area, and outdoor seating is available.The meat is the star here.  The chopped pork sandwich was smoky without being overpowering, and just the right amount of sauce was added in.  I like a little drier barbeque than some people I know, so less sauce was welcome.  The meat was so perfectly cooked that you don't even need the sauce.  The sandwich is served on thick slices of buttered and toasted white bread, and it is piled so high with meat that I ended up picking it apart.  I don't think it would have fit in my mouth if I tried!  I would give this a half star more than Fat Matt's meat, if Yelp allowed such subtle differences.I frankly didn't detect much in the way of Jamaican influence here, but maybe it doesn't come through in the chopped pork.  If you like Texas style BBQ, though, you'll be happy you came to Rolling Bones.I ordered a side of cobbler (Peach, of course), which came prepackage in a little container.  It was good, but not cry-out-in-my-sleep good.  I think I'd skip it on a return visit and devote more attention to the meat.  I'm not a huge fan of Atlanta (too much sprawl), but if I ever find myself back in the South I'll make every effort to revisit Rolling Bones.
<review# 2532,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2007,3/30/2007,0,0,5,,>These reviews are directly from our customers: I saw one of the HD Installers trucks going around town and pulled up their number on a local search. HD installers does a great job installing sensitive home theater equipment.  They have the complete custom installation for me with 2 big screen Plasma televisions and a whole house audio system. They system works flawlessly and Ian did a great job installing everything and explaining how everything works. I would suggest that everyone use Ian and HD Installers.
<review# 2533,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/19/2007,3/29/2007,12,62,1,6,3>I saw this place online and after calling around for rooms rates I went with the non-chain. I wasn't going to be in Atlanta for very long, so I didn't think much for amenities that night. Though in retrospect, I wish I would have stayed at the Hilton as it would have been the same price for a little more. I had dinner at the cafe downstairs, but it was very overpriced and only just ok. In fact, I think my $2.50 meal at Ikea was more satisfying. There weren't many choices and I ended up having a salad and  soup for $24, served in a plastic container with plastic utensils. I learned a little bit of the hotel's history from the guy at the bar who told me this place was a total wreck and used to be the kind of place prostitutes frequented. Great! I give them kudos for renovating the building. The rooms were stylish and modern. Our bathroom had a vessel sink. The wallpaper was a closeup of a sweater and the cd in the alarm clock was amusing. But I felt it was done more a la "Trading Spaces", where a room is real flashy, but on careful inspection, the craftsmanship and details where just not that great. Sheets weren't that soft, that kind of thing. The AC was cold and loud, and the bed pulled away from the headboard (don't ask why). People were friendly and helpful at the front desk and they had free Internet downstairs. Stay if you want to be in a place that looks sleek and modern. Avoid if you want the kind of comfortable bed, soft sheets and cloud-like pillows you don't have at home.
<review# 2534,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2006,3/28/2007,52,201,1,1,1>great side dishes that are filling...reminds me of the taco bell commercial about your wallet and tummy being full.
<review# 2535,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2006,3/27/2007,1,7,1,3,2>If you're in Atlanta, you need to try this landmark restaurant. Great hot dogs and onion rings. Don't forget to try the orange freeze. A must stop destination when you visit Atlanta
<review# 2536,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/28/2007,3/25/2007,19,189,1,4,1>The first time I went to Soul Veg I expected to walk out feeling lighter and healthier and ready to run a marathon. I didn't expect the food to be very good.I was wrong on all counts. I got the bbq tofu platter with collard greens and  sweet potatoes. It was delicious. A fried slab of tofu fried and covered with tangy bbq sauce. Well seasoned veggies. Yum.But here's the thing: Soul Veg's menu is not healthy. Sure, the salads are all good for you. But many of the entrees are fried and are high in fat.There's a common misconception that all vegetarian food is healthy. It's not true. Soul Veg is proof of that.But it's also proof that vegetarian food can be damn good.
<review# 2537,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2007,3/23/2007,90,264,1,1,1>Noche is another part of the Here to Serve Restaurant Group and one that people who know about the others (Strip, Shout & Twist) probably don't know about. I like everything about Noche except for the cluster-crunch that is the entrance. If the bar is crowded be ready to excuse your way to the hostess stand.There is a nice variety of tapas to choose from and the prices aren't that bad. Drinks are also  tasty and won't break the bank. Noche's name tells you the best time to go. Any night of the week you'll find folks who are kicking back with food and drink.
<review# 2538,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2006,3/22/2007,99,214,3,2,4>Sushi in Hotlanta...are you kidding me?  That was my first thought, thankfully followed by a wonderful surprise.  Firstly, we were welcomed by a tranny who was more beautiful than Heidi Klum.  The interior of this place is sophisticated, chique, and fabulous!  We ordered sushi that could equate to the quality of those in SF...and that's big...that's huge!And sake sake sake, they were aweosme.  from plum to creamy...all were served just the way they should.  Every bite hit the spot, the Nikimoto Spot.
<review# 2539,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2006,3/21/2007,71,42,,5,2>Honest mechanic is such an oxymoron that when you find one, you want to keep her forever. That's right. My favorite mechanic is a woman named Carrie. She handles domestic and foreign. I never leave there feeling like I've been screwed. Prices are fair and I get my car when promised.
<review# 2540,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2007,3/20/2007,7,5,3,2,4>The Milk Jug is a little drive-thru convenience store in a hut in the middle of a gun store parking lot.  Truly a Tucker landmark.  This place saved Thanksgiving two years ago when I realized we needed an extra bag of shredded cheese for our macaroni recipe.  I drove all over town tryng to find cheese, but every store in Tucker was either closed or didn't sell cheese.  Luckily, The Milk Jug was there for me.  The guy had to dig around to find the cheese as this tiny store barely has enough room for their big-sellers: beer, cigs, smut mags, lottery tickets, rolling papers and milk.  (Funny how my mon used to drive us kids through here even though Juggs and Barely Legal magazines have always been clearly visible to the customers.)  Anyway, the guy found a fresh bag of Borden cheddar and wished me a "Happy Thanksgiving, Boss" and I returned home a hero.
<review# 2541,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2007,3/19/2007,163,606,3,3,4>My new favorite neighborhood pub, if only I lived in the neighborhood...Elliott Street  is owned by two brothers who live in the building above the bar. You'll find one or both of them serving drinks and hanging out with their neighbors nightly. It's small, but has some character. I loved the paintings of Frank Zappa and Willie Nelson on the walls. It's the kind of place where they know their customers, and if they don't they make a point of getting to know you and introducing themselves. Elliott Street Deli and Pub is a throwback to the days of local bars where you can get a shot and a beer and see familiar faces at every seat.As for the food, I had a great greek pastrami sandwich (your typical pastrami with feta and tzatzik)i. Simple, fresh ingredients and on bread baked that morning. Food doesn't have to be complicated or fancy to be good, it's a lesson lots of pubs should take to heart.Special thanks to Karen F. for introducing me to this place. It's such a cool neighborhood pub, it made me start wishing I lived close by. Then I felt guilty about cheating on East Atlanta Village and had to apologize to all my neighborhood bars one by one.
<review# 2542,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2007,3/18/2007,1351,418,7,6,8>So . . . out here in the ATL area for a conference and thanks to some great YELP help, found JavaMonkey,  a local cafe/wine bar.  Pretty sweet.  I RARELY give "5's" to cafe's as I don't want to make Java on Ocean jealous, but the place has all the ingredients to be a favorite . . . except of course that it is in Decatur.If you are in the area, the atmosphere is southern bohemian (not sure exactly what that is, but it is the first thing that came to mind.) with a sprinkle of urban cool . . . just a sprinkle mind you.For my week here, i am sure I will be back often!  Plus when you "Monkey" to anything it must be fun . . . GroceryMonkey, PlumberMonkey, ChurchMonkey, ConsultantMonkey, ITMonkey . . . ahhh the possibilities.
<review# 2543,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/12/2007,3/15/2007,3,9,,4,1>I'm trying to decide whether Emeril's would still be around if it didn't share its television star's name.  Let's start with the positive.  I was very visually stimulated by the interior.  The composition of the bar and the bar's lighting are fantastic.  The displayed wine is also an eye opener.  The interior is open and airy and our service was very good.Now the food.  It's good, but not great - and when you pay the kind of prices charged in Emeril's, the food should be great.  Five of us dined together, and I tasted everyone's dish.  None of them overwhelmed me (as I had hoped something would).  We all shared similar opinions of the meal.My advice:  Go to Emeril's to have a drink, experience the visual stimulation, then go somewhere else to dine.  I do not expect to ever eat there again.
<review# 2544,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2006,3/14/2007,26,45,4,1,4>I think it's funny that three guys have reviewed this place before any girls have.This is a great place to hit for those clothes that are between the mall and a huge volume discounter like Marshalls or TJ Maxx.  There are often several sizes and colors of the same piece so you have some flexibility, but the savings from the mall are considerable.  I have seen clothes in here that I saw at Lenox Mall the month before, so I'm sure Lenox and Phipps use it as a clearinghouse.Ladies, keep an eye out for the annual "Running of the Brides" that takes place here (I went in January but I'm not sure if that is consistent).  The deals on the wedding dresses are phenomenal - just be sure to wear shorts and an exercise top to ensure you can change in the aisles and try on as many as possible (there are lots of windows to the street and plenty of guys who have been dragged in there).  My best tip - if you aren't looking for the few $10,000 dresses, wait an hour or two after the run starts; you will have no shortage of dresses to try on, and without the potential for bodily injury.  Take it from someone who ended up with a gorgeous sample dress for $300 in two short hours.
<review# 2545,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2007,3/11/2007,23,32,1,4,3>Genki is the best sushi I've had outside of San Francisco. Fresh fish (not sure how, but it is), good rice, quality ingredients and well prepared rolls. It's all pretty standard issue sushi with the usual specialty rolls specific to that sushi place. But that's not the best part.THEY DELIVER.Yes, you read that correctly. Genki *delivers* to your house. We'd get back from an epic day on Lake Lanier wakeboarding all day and not really be up to going out for food. Call up Genki place our order and in 30 minutes we'd have a perfect delivery of excellent sushi. Nothing ruined. No miso soup spilled. The family room would turn into this "I'll trade you this for that" barteringn system of trying everyone's selections out. Family style sushi if you will.Genki is an excellent choice if you're into sushi and have tastebuds that demand a bit more than what is commonly offered in the 404. I should note that I have *never* been to the restaurant. We always had it delivered.Delivery sushi!!!
<review# 2546,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2007,3/10/2007,39,132,,3,3>This park always have great concerts to watch and relax on the grass area. This is not a park that there are yelling and screaming or have mosh pits, which is great. The concerts are from Sade to the Atlanta Symphony. One drawback is if you do not have season tickets to sit in the front you may not be able to see the stage.
<review# 2547,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2007,3/8/2007,13,6,4,2,3>I LOVE ME SOME CHEESE DIP!  LaParrilla Mexican Restaurant has THE BEST cheese dip that I have ever tasted.  It's called, surprisingly enough, LaParrilla Dip.  It is Mexican cheese dip with steak, chicken and shrimp and is served with flour tortillas.  I don't know what they add to it, if it's the "runoff" from the steak, or what, but there is something better about it than just plain old cheese dip.  I'm  not really a fan of the typical Mexican food - can't eat ANY kind of pepper or spicy foods but the seafood burrito is awesome (I get mine sans salsa & peppers) and my girls love the fajita chicken quesadilla.  We eat here about two times a month, either in the restaurant or take out.  My two daughters could drink the regular cheese dip so we have to keep a close eye on them when it arrives.  It's always packed, even on weeknights.  It would be great if they could expand to the next store over.   It's a little loud on the weekends when they have live entertainment.  I wouldn't mind it, but it IS such a family oriented place that it seems that they'd allow you to converse with your children in a decent tone of voice...I yell at my children enough at home.
<review# 2548,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/4/2007,3/7/2007,900,420,,4,5>A must-see if you are in Atlanta if just to walk around the outside of the museum.  The architecture is astonishing and shows obvious homage to the Guggenhiem in NY. Housed an incredible ash-can art collection on my visit.  I spent too much time rolling on the ground from my brother's outrageous interpretations of various characters in paintings and how they would interact in our society--guess you had to be there.
<review# 2549,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/28/2007,3/6/2007,120,360,,2,1>This is southern food with a twist..  ok, I went and was going to get the friday special--mahi mahi, but one of my friends got that, so I got the beef briscuit, it was really good, but just a little too fatty for me.  The mahi mahi was fabulous and the scallops were also really tasty.  You must order the chocolate cak e, seriously it was by far the best part of our meal.  This runs about $25-30 a person, I thought it was a little pricey..   There are some really nice booths if you get there before the crowd.  The manager was great, but our waiter was a bit  pretentious.
<review# 2550,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2007,3/5/2007,352,299,1,2,2>I prefer this place in warm weather months because then people spill out of the tiny establishment and onto the nice patio.  However, it's still a blast in chilly weather ... unless they're making people stand in line to get in, which happens occasionally.I've never actually eaten a meal there because I prefer it as a later-in-the-evening destination.  I've had a bite of a quesadilla before, and it was pretty good.Be sure to check out the brave souls singing karaoke upstairs.  In the case you don't care about their singing, you should still venture upstairs to check things out.  Sometimes, OK usually, it gets pretty crowded downstairs.
<review# 2551,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2007,3/2/2007,2,9,,2,2>Hot spot for a Valentines date. The service was impeccable (complete with a rose for my dear at the end of the meal). I got the pork shank with red cabbage and enjoyed every bite. My valentine had trout with sweet potato hash covered in lemon fondue. Never thought hash could be that good.
<review# 2552,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2007,2/28/2007,27,71,3,4,3>Figo Pasta Haiku ReviewThere's never a lineat this tiny whole in the wall,yet the food is great!
<review# 2553,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2006,2/25/2007,8,99,,2,3>Yes the food is a bit greasy... but if you're ever in Atlanta you will have to stop by this 50's era car hop.  I don't recommend eating here everyday but it is an experience you will never forget.  I gave it an extra star for the whole car hop experience... kind felt like I was in a modern day Happy Days rerun.
<review# 2554,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/21/2007,2/24/2007,11,7,1,1,1>(repost, I accidentally wrote under the wrong account,  duh)This restaurant came highly rated from a couple friends. The service was not too bad but the food portions, I have to agree, are rather small. Free wireless and free coffee make up for the fact I suppose and the environment is great, very cozy. All in all I give it a three. Had the food been really good, a five all the way.
<review# 2555,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2007,2/23/2007,62,222,,3,1>This is one of the nicest restaurants I've been to in Atlanta. If you find one better I'm sure it's a great establishment. The food was good. The wait staff was as much as I could ask for and the price was fair considering what you were getting. On the way out a waiter (not ours) smiled genuinely and wished us a good night. That left a good lasting impression because there was no tip involved for him.The ambiance was great. There was a piano player at the door. All of the tables were full so we opted to eat at the sushi bar. At first I thought this would take away from the experience but I was soon reassured.I haven't been to all of the restaurants in or around Perimeter Mall so I don't know how they compare but all I can tell you is that I was thoroughly satisfied with this one.
<review# 2556,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/14/2007,2/22/2007,23,31,1,1,1>I am not certain but I would guess that there is some culinary miscegenation going on at this place. I approve of whatever they are fusing or not fusing. The duck wrapped in grape leaves is amazing.
<review# 2557,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/14/2006,2/21/2007,65,16,,3,1>Zyka -- that plastic-fork casual eatery in Decatur -- has long reigned over Indian eateries in Atlanta. Meet your match. Rose of India is housed inside a nondescript building on Peachtree Industrial, past Oglethorpe University. You can easily miss it. However, its curry is pretty unforgettable, especially the one with shrimp. It was spicy but sweet and exotic enough to linger in your palate for a long time. In addition, a friend of mine and I ordered a platter of appetizer samplers. Worth its money. A combination of that, plus the curry, the Nan and Diet Coke stretched my stomach lining that day. It was a happy day. Even better, the price for two was under $30. When we complimented the food to the waiter -- who was also the owner -- he brought out the chef. He introduced himself and briefly gave us his credential. Pretty impressive etiquette for a restaurateur whose meals are pretty much $10 or less. I hope this place stays around for a long time. By the way, did I mention that the Nan is fantabulous?
<review# 2558,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2007,2/20/2007,1,5,,3,>Doner, doner, doner.Be careful. Once you taste it, you're hooked. They put an addictive chemical in it that makes you crave it nightly. It's delicious and cheap.I've tried the falafel, the salad combo, and the chicken doner, all of which are good enough, but don't bother messing around, get the doner wrap. I prefer mine with a side of tabouli. Slap a little tabouli in the wrap and you're ready for some good eats.
<review# 2559,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2007,2/19/2007,7,6,,3,2>I have gottent to know Richard Thomas a little and have found him to be a guy that does not accept 2nd rate "corporate grown health food". He is obsessive about food quality and knows where every one of his organic ingredients came from. They serve a delicious array of meals for carnivores and vegetarians alike and THE best selection of smoothies and fruit mix drinks. The decor is a little funky and sometimes include "live birds" if Richard decides to show you some pet tricks. Also, the wait staff seem to be pretty cool and the women who work there are cute (e.g. Michelle).
<review# 2560,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2007,2/18/2007,48,87,5,7,5>Okay, so my four-star rating is conditional: it is based on delivery and some very exact instructions for reheating Village Pizza's pies.We've never sat down there to eat, but we have ordered delivery.  I honestly think they're trying to figure that aspect of running a pizza joint out, but they will eventually get it right.  45 minutes isn't really that long to wait for an independently-owned pizza place...we've been conditioned by Domino's and Papa John's that we should always get pizzas delivered within 30 minutes--and those two pizza chains are complete crap.  30 minutes is just a silly expectation for a hand-crafted bit of delivered food.The trade-off?  Quality, quality, quality.So here's the secret to a great Village Pizza.1) Order your pie...expect it to be there in about 50 minutes.2) With about 10 minutes left in this countdown, preheat your oven to 350 degrees.3) Be nice to the delivery guys...they don't yet know what they're doing.  They'll get it in a few months.4) Bake your pie on the LOWER RACK for EXACTLY eight minutes...not seven, not nine.5) Enjoy a really incredible pizza.
<review# 2561,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/1/2007,2/17/2007,382,633,3,3,>Excuse me, excuse me, can i get a refill.. hey wait.. um where are you going?!?Yeah, that's how it was with the service every time.  Its a pretty place located in the Highlands, but so crowded!  Food is pretty good and crowd is young/pretty hip.  Prices are fair.  Don't mind going, but its not a place I'd suggest.
<review# 2562,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2007,2/16/2007,130,384,1,2,>Nothing brings me more joy than wrapping presents.  People may think I'm so generous in always giving but I truly enjoy folding and taping colorful papers.  Presentation is the key, and I love the unique and sturdy wrappers from Whimsy Press.They are more expensive than your traditional Target wrapping paper, but you get what you pay for.  Their papers are reversible, their styles are unique and charming.  What's even better is they ship them in these plastic tubes that you can re-use to store artwork or as gift holders (the second thing i love to do is to find odd containers for presents!).The only bad thing is people expect their gifts to be just as pretty as the outside, but I never said I was rich!
<review# 2563,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2007,2/15/2007,7,38,,4,3>If you've never tried middle-eastern food, you don't know what you're missing!  I had the $15.99 dinner buffet, and it was outstanding.  The fallafel was the best I've ever had - and goes perfect stuffed in a pita with their homemade hummus.  The salads were like an explosion of flavor - garnished with piles of fresh minty herbs.  The Basmati long grain rice beats asian rice any day of the week... and the kafta kabobs (skewered and broiled ground beef) were rich, tender, and juicy.  The waitstaff was great, and the decor authentic.. The large pergola ascending over the dining room is rather unexpected, yet creates a pleasing atmosphere.  Definitely a hidden gem in buckhead, especially if you're in the mood for someplace quiet and a little offbeat.
<review# 2564,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2007,2/14/2007,29,388,,2,1>Although the appearance of this place is dismal and it's in the food court of the Lenox Mall, I still have to give this place credit for dishing up good food and great customer service. This place reminds me of a McDonalds/KFC but without the heavy grease, which I can be content about. Their Chicken Salads are very good, probably the best I've had at a fast food chain.
<review# 2565,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2007,2/13/2007,43,410,6,1,1>Fiber, fiber, fiber everywhere!  Yay to being regular.  I feel better just walking through the door.
<review# 2566,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2007,2/12/2007,56,264,1,2,1>I've been getting my coffee fix at Caribou since I've been in town on business.  I stopped in at a Starbuck's once the first night that I was here - the place was totally empty, and in a grubby strip mall.I haven't been back there since.  I like the lodge style interior of Caribou, but I don't think the moose & fireplace motif would ever go over well in Orlando (where I'm from for now).I made the mistake of ordering a venti latte the other day.  The guy behind the counter says to me "what is a venti".  I laughed, and said you did that on purpose..  I didn't realize until then that I had been brainwashed..If you haven't been to Caribou -go right now, you won't be sorry.  Most locations have free wi-fi in the store, and there are laptop friendly tables with power strips nearby.  In stark contrast to the Starbucks I went to - the Caribou was full of customers, eating drinking and sucking up the free wi-fi.
<review# 2567,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2007,2/11/2007,36,372,,2,1>This pan-Asian mid-level restaurant is popular with the lunch crowd and offers Chinese noodle dishes, Thai-style curries, and sushi.We came here after visiting the aquarium, and before checking out CNN center.  The restaurant basically looks over centennial park, so is convenient to that whole area (including Phillips arena).
<review# 2568,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2007,2/10/2007,119,243,2,2,>My boyfriend is always making me go by here to get milkshakes. The boy loves milkshakes. He can't get enough. Too bad I'm LACTOSE INTOLERANT! Well, it actually isn't that bad, because they do have some tasty ices and frozen yogurts, usually. I can't vouch for the ice cream, though I have heard nothing but good about it.This is also where I order ice cream cakes. Really good (according to those that eat them), and not too expensive.UPDATE: This location has like, totally closed down. Oh well.
<review# 2569,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2007,2/9/2007,5,6,,2,2>This is a fun place with great atmosphere - oh, and good food, too. I really liked the Teryaki Something Burrito. It was delish. I like that you can "Build Your Own Burrito." I think I'll try that next time.
<review# 2570,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/28/2007,2/6/2007,52,253,1,1,1>I have to agree with Rilindo. I've been here several times with my fiance, and while the food has been okay, it's nothing to get really excited about. We just used to go here because it was literally 5 minutes away, and I love Ethiopian. I haven't had the problems he mentioned with things being incredibly hot, but I love hot food, so I just honestly don't recall anything burning my face off.It's odd because every time we've been there, it's been just us and then 2 random men drinking at the bar, who I'm assuming are friends of the owner. I have never seen anyone else. It makes me wonder how they manage to stay open.That said, their service is sort of .... lacking. I don't like being waited on hand and foot, but they do seem a bit slow with some things, and since we're the only people there, it utterly confuses me. However, they must have great memories (or they're just barely hanging on) because the second time we went there, it had been 6 months since our first visit and they remembered us. Maybe they just don't get a lot of pastey whiteys like me.
<review# 2571,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/22/2007,2/5/2007,47,312,1,2,2>Yay, Moondogs. I like when the evening turns this way. The casual, medium-sized bar is conveniently located on Peachtree, so it's ideal for a night of bar hopping. One advantage to this location is the tourists (in addition to locals) who frequent this bar. You might meet young men and women on business from different parts of the country, or in town for a wedding, etc. This is also a popular spot for Emory, Tech, and Georgia State students, overall producing a good mix of patrons. I've had several enjoyable conversations with people at this place; I've also spoken to some incredibly drunk people. Thus, Moondogs has a little of everything. There are a few pool tables, several large tables and couches, and a room with a stage and dance floor. Sometimes a band performs crowd-pleasing country and pop rock songs. While I don't like to spend my entire evening here, it's a fun place to pop in and out of.
<review# 2572,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2007,2/4/2007,67,57,3,5,5>Brunch, bitches.What - you think I'm kidding?Manuel's brunch is one of the best kept secrets in Atlanta.  Screw those stand-in-line-on-the-sidewalk-till-your-legs-fall-­asleep places like Flying Biscuit - Manny's does the trick.I've never had such amazing grits, so rich with cheese and void of lumpage.  Bacon, egg, and cheese biscuit?  As big as your head.Prices are beyond reasonable, there's never a wait and the staff isn't too snotty to smile.  Always ready with a joke and delivering beverage refills without having to be asked, I promise you won't be disappointed if you give it a shot.Shake off whatever hang-up's you my have about it being a bar and trust me on this one.
<review# 2573,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2007,2/3/2007,3,8,1,1,2>I love this place!!!! It's amazing!!! Ribs drenched in delicious bbq sauce.... yum....... Really like my favorite place ever!!!!
<review# 2574,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2007,2/2/2007,4,31,,2,1>Finally, a gourmet sandwich shop in downtown Decatur! I believe Badda Bing makes most of their income from catering, but they've recently opened a small storefront with a few dine-in tables on Church St. Some of their menu seems pricey, but it's well worth it. I always get the soup and half sandwich special. The soups are amazing, thick and creamy and generous with all the yummy bits. The meatloaf sandwich topped with mashed potatoes and mushroom gravy was a revelation. I'm going to follow the example of Pee-Wee and his fruit salad and marry that sandwich, perhaps cohabit with a bowl of she-crab soup. I haven't hit the entree menu yet, but with examples like those I don't think it will disappoint.
<review# 2575,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2007,2/1/2007,3,5,2,3,1>I have been going to this dry cleaners for a couple of years, they have always done a great job.  The ultimate test came when I borrowed a friends dress for a wedding ... only to spill red wine all down the front of it.  They were able to get it all out and my friend was never the wiser ;)
<review# 2576,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/13/2006,1/31/2007,217,496,4,1,1>I was only there for like an hour, so I don't know about all of the inticate details - buuuut I do know, that Popeyes in Atlanta is off the hook and it was right next to my gate!
<review# 2577,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2007,1/30/2007,69,65,,2,1>This is a nice restaurant with low prices and an enjoyable atmosphere.  They have an open fire and it is quiet enough to have a low-key dinner without having to yell to be heard.  I had a delicious French Dip sandwich stuffed with roast beef and oozing of cheese with a delightful sauce that I couldn't identify.  Good salads and little quiches, but if you go later in the evening sometimes the food set out can be a little dry.  They also serve wine if you like a glass with dinner.
<review# 2578,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2007,1/28/2007,5,26,2,5,3>I get to Atlanta quite a bit.  This place hit my radar a few months back when I started staying at the Indigo.  I went in on MLK day for an early cocktail, and found their selection of bourbons very good, and resolved to give them a shot over a corporate meal soon after.Baraonda gets grief for not being too regional.  I think that's fabulous, since there are so many specialty dishes from so many regions, Baraonda can't be pigeonholed.Two days later myself and three compadres walked through the front door with a big appetite.  We had appetizers:CarpaccioCapreseBruschettaBourbons all around.Dinner:Strozzapreti with Wild BoarVeal ScallopiniLamb ChopsBig bottle of Italian RedDessert involved Strega and Limoncello with Tiramisu.Oh my God was the service and food fantastic.  Our host, Adriano, made damned sure that our waitstaff and food was top notch, recommending some fabulous stuff and keeping us laughing so hard we were hoarse the next day.  Everything was amazing and the entire evening was so wonderful I can't wait to go back.The Wild Boar, Lamb Chops and Carpaccio stood out.  The Carpaccio was cut so thin you could read a newspaper, but yet the portion was plentiful.  The Lamb Chops, which can be a "phone in", were anything but.  Beautifully herby, well-presented and completely off the ubiquitous scale, I haven't had anything like them and I've eaten enough Lamb to cause a panic in New Zealand.And then there was the Strozzaprete with Wild Boar Ragu -- What a perfect mix.  Strozzaprete means "Priest Strangler".  It is long and curvaceously U-shaped, and perfect for Ragu, or meat sauce.  The Wild Boar is a traditional dish from the Marche' region of Italy (think east coast, mid-way down the Adriatic).  I cannot say enough about this dish.  We had two orders, and when I took a bite I was utterly speechless. As I write this I'm trying to recreate it in my kitchen.  It will take me weeks and hundreds of dollars to get it right.  To hell with it.  I'm getting a plane ticket and going back.  Don't go in a hurry -- I think that a lot of people try to catch a quick bite on the way to the theatre.  This is Italian food.  It should and will take hours if you want your money's worth.If you want Italian in Atlanta, I don't think you could do better.  Make friends with Adriano and you'll never be sorry.
<review# 2579,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2007,1/27/2007,22,49,4,4,1>Gotta love this little deathtrap.  I spent most of my highschool nights and weekends here.  The Masquerade books great bands like Converge.  National and local bookings.Pretty good sound.  Can get really hot in heaven.  Appealing stage for stage diving and subsequent moshing.I always enjoy going here.  Beware of the rickety steps.  Try walking up the sides of them and not stomping up and down in the middle - you could fall through.  lmao.  It's true.  Thursday is 80's night - get in for free if you know the password!
<review# 2580,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/25/2006,1/26/2007,246,560,2,3,3>Exactly what I expected, and I don't know what the other reviewers expected, but come on the WORLD OF COCA COLA. And if it only took 15-20 minutes to go thru it you must not have looked at anything. I could run thru the Louvre in an hour or I could spend a week. As expected, there is a film that tells of the history of Coca Cola, commercials, advertisements and other nostalgia in Coke history. Then, at the end there is a sampling bar where they have Coca-Cola products from around the world. I think I'll stick with Classic Coca-Cola. I LOVE Coca-Cola, and I guess this is Fantasyland for fans of Coca-Cola. I have Coke memorabilia, have the Always Coca-Cola ring tone on my phone and computer (when the computer turns on), the Coke polar bear wallpaper on my computer. In fact we almost decorated our dining area as a Coca-Cola themed 50's diner with wallpaper, red booth and Coca-Cola Formica table with the mini jukebox.Oh, and by the way, Yelp asks that we point out any relationship to a company we review...Can you guess?Here it comes... Ready for it... Yes, I am a stockholder in Coca-Cola.
<review# 2581,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/23/2006,1/25/2007,36,71,,3,2>First of all, let me say that I judge Chinese restaurants on just a few things, so if you don't eat what I eat, you might have a different experience.  I wanted Chinese and we are fairly new to the area, so I got online and found this place.  There were a few people in the restaurant when we got there, so I thought it couldn't be that bad.  By the time we left, the place was pretty busy.I ordered the Shrimp with Chinese Vegetables, fried rice, and an egg roll.  (No spring rolls on the menu.)  The shrimp were great, but some of the chinese vegetables were a little undercooked and it didn't really include a good variety of vegetables.  The egg roll was ok, but I've had better.  The fried rice was not sticky at all, I should have gotten steamed.When all was said and done, I should have gotten my husband's meal.  It was a lot better than mine.Oh yeah, and they don't deliver.
<review# 2582,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2007,1/24/2007,76,179,,1,2>Tasty, original  flavors, huge scoops, pretty reasonable prices- it's definitely worth the wait.  I only wish it was loally-owned like my other favorite ice cream, Amy's.
<review# 2583,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2007,1/23/2007,3,11,,2,1>We had a very different experience from the last reviewer.  My fiance and I had brunch at Paul's about a week ago.  We were very impressed with the food and service.  The vegetable omelet was big and full of fresh vegetables and the grits were some of the best she and I have ever had.  Finally, the chef came and personally greeted us at our table when we finished to make sure everything lived up to our expectations.  I cannot comment on dinner, but for brunch, Paul's is a good bet with generous portions of great food that won't kill your wallet.
<review# 2584,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2006,1/22/2007,486,252,,6,4>Want some island-style Hawaiian Asian food?This place offers, among other things, Hawaiian BBQ beef, pork, chicken as well as some distinct Japanese and Korean food (Udon and sushi) - all at a surprisingly inexpensive price. With each order (you pay for drinks, but they have free refills), you'll get a couple of cups of rice, and a small macaroni salad. You can take it to go or sit inside and watch the TVs.This place is situated on La Vista and Briarcliff, along side the Catus Car Wash and across the street from Starbucks. Parking is not a problem (in fact, it never seems to be a problem. . . I'm worried about them).Overall, if you live in the area (or passing by), try this place out. The people are quite nice and frankly. . . I think they need the business. :/
<review# 2585,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/24/2006,1/21/2007,42,5,1,1,1>*sigh*  it's really hard being me. Having such good tastes and meager means. One of my vices is jewelry. I'm not talking about the diamond encrusted stuff or the ones made out of beads and hemp. I'm a middle of the road jewelry lover, I love semi-precious stones and artisan jewelry. So  when I found Festivity the other day, it was like reaching the promised land. They carry hip, well made jewelry by really good designers. Prices range from $30 - $200 for earrings, necklaces and bracelets. The median price for their jewelry is $50 - $80. The clothes are o.k. --not as hip as Bill Hallman down the street. But come there for the jewelry.
<review# 2586,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/7/2006,1/20/2007,37,141,1,2,>So the new and second location of Slice scores 100% on a short checklist of things that I enjoy, (namely: pizza, lounges, alcohol, free wireless net and artfully decayed old buildings.) It is an outpost of chic in a neighborhood of bland ballrooms and hotel-housed chain restaurants, and the leather couches, sleek bar, exposed brick walls and tall ceilings give it an ambiance of genuine, unstraining cool. But for all the elements that make it an oasis in the minimally-flavored downtown, it doesn't quite live up to its original location. The pizza was undercooked and less flavorful, the music was old enough to be dated but not enough to be classic (hello, 1998), and on a Wednesday night at 8, what little crowd there was seemed to be staying at the Marriott for a conference. (Take the laminated lanyard badges off, folks. They don't make you look important; they make you look lost and muggable.) Despite that, it's a pretty new restaurant, and it's got good potential. The staff was friendly and even offered to put extra Guinness in the fridge the next time we came in (a group of 6 of us was able to go through all of their pre-chilled Guinness.) As we were leaving, the bartender said something to the effect of "Drop by anytime and say hi; we want to be a neighborhood bar." So while it might be less hip than the Castleberry Hills location, it's also more relaxed, the kind of place I might actually use the wireless net at, and hopefully they'll work the new-restaurant kinks out.
<review# 2587,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/14/2007,1/19/2007,261,217,,3,1>I can't compare to the original Lenny's, having never been there, but the new location was pretty cool. Definitely a mixed alternative, grungy crowd they've got going.  We paid a $7 cover since they had a few bands going on.  The bands weren't great, but fun to watch, nonetheless.  Drinks were pretty cheap and strong too, and at the cash only bar by the stage, they kept setting out bowls of popcorn, straight out of the microwave.  Sure, it's  not gourmet, but I appreciated it at 12:30 AM when I was getting the drinking munchies.  All in all, not jonesin' to go back here, but we'll see.
<review# 2588,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/13/2007,1/18/2007,19,189,2,2,2>Six days out of the week, Rocky Mountain Pizza is a student bar on the Georgia Tech campus. But on Sundays during football season, the bar becomes home base for Philadelphia Eagles fans. And as an Eagles fan, let me just say that there is no better place in the city to watch a football game.Here's what happens: The Eagles score a touchdown, then somebody at the bar wearing a green jersey stands up and shouts, "E!" Then everybody shouts, A-G-L-E-S, EAGLES!" Then everybody does a green shot. Then the team kicks the extra point. Then we all sing the Eagles fight song:Fly Eagles fly, on the road to victory / Fly Eagles fly, score a touchdown 1,2,3 / Hit 'em low, hit 'em high / And watch those Eagles fly / Fly Eagles fly, on the road to Victory!Then we do the chant one more time, for good measure. E-A-G-L-E-S, EAGLES!In between all the chanting and the singing we drink $1.75 Miller Lights and eat pizza, wings, poppers, sweet potato fries, and Rocky Mountain meatballs, which are actually just meatballs. It's all good and cheap.
<review# 2589,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2006,1/17/2007,163,606,,4,1>The staff here knows more about comics, games, and anime than I could ever hope to know, and they bear no resemblance to Comic Book Guy from the Simpsons. Best...comics...in Atlanta....ever.Wednesday is the busiest day with new issues of comics coming out, so avoid it unless you're there for that reason. Parking is in the back, and the store kind of creeps up on you as you drive down Piedmont so you might miss the driveway. Oxford is also a great spot to shop for cool toys or gifts for the comic/anime lover in your life. Definitely worth a visit if you're having trouble finding some geek gifts and you don't want to sift through Ebay for hours. Oxford will get you out the door with what you're looking for quickly.
<review# 2590,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/6/2006,1/16/2007,16,8,5,4,3>For lunch or dinner, their atmosphere is laid back and their food is good, too.  Personal pizzas, great sandwiches, and salads all with great variety.  At lunch you do counter service and they bring out the food.  They have a great system that gets you in and out so you can enjoy your lunch and not worry about returning to work on time.  At dinner, they have a wait staff.  We were there for Trivia night and there was a fun crowd and did not affect the quality or timeliness of getting our food.I use them most when I have lunch presentations.  When people do lunch presentations, they always use the same chains and my clients find it refreshing to bring a boxed lunch that is a little different and not  from a corporate giant.  They are always friendly and have my order on time... even when I am not.The only thing that I would change is their soft drink cups.  It is either a small cup for water or this huge, bladder busting Coca-Cola cup.  "I'll take whatever is between the two, please."
<review# 2591,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2007,1/15/2007,2,7,1,2,3>My husband went on and on about this bar. Being from New Orleans I have different expectations of what a bar is like.This place has really good bar food. Since we are vegetarians it is hard to find good bar food at 2:00...this place has it.The people that work there are cool, very good music to choose from and pool table if you get bored.Pretty interesting place. I REALLY love the artwork there.
<review# 2592,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2007,1/14/2007,3,9,2,2,2>If this restaurant's plain exterior is representative of Havana (I've never been to Cuba), when you see it you'll understand why so many Cubans fled Castro.  But one taste of the food and you'll be hooked.  My older brother took me to this place many years ago (I was in elementary school) and I had yellow rice with red sauce and a Cuban sandwich for the first time.  It was awesome then and it's awesome now!  I don't think it has changed at all.  The black bean soup is incredible (make sure you get onions floating around in it) and the prices are great.  Beware:  this isn't a first date location, unless you're both ready for a place that looks like a dive.   Lunch time gets very busy, as suits line up out the door.  Try to get there early!
<review# 2593,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/13/2006,1/13/2007,0,223,,3,1>I was very impressed with the whale shark tank, the tropical reefs exhibit - the sea nettles are gorgeous; it's impossible to take a bad photo of them, the garden eels and pharaoh cuttlefish were very cool - and I also liked the touching pool with the cownose rays and sharks.  I found all the exhibits interesting and informative with species of animals I'd either never heard of or seen up close.  We went on a Monday morning just when they opened, so it wasn't too crowded at the beginning, but by noon the place was packed.  Go during the week and go early.
<review# 2594,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2006,1/12/2007,6,52,,3,1>Sit at the counter and listen to the staff gossip it's better than reading a tabloid. In all seriousness this place is small and always has a line but is still the best place in Atlanta to grab breakfest and boasts a great history too! Highly recommended.
<review# 2595,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2007,1/11/2007,4,34,,3,1>What a fun find! I'd been to the nearby Wahoo! (great service, mediocre food), and was surprised to find such a fantastic little unassuming place.Apparently the place is really starting to take off -- the friend that introduced me to the place said that there's normally plenty of seating, but when we arrived, there was a 20-minute wait. Thankfully, this was an over-estimate, and we were seated within a few minutes.I would rate the food as excellent. I had the special omelet -- prosciutto, tomato, and a few other tasty things all mixed in, with a side of the fruit salad. I was especially impressed with the fruit salad, as it's not really berry season, but they were far from skimpy on the blueberries, strawberries, and delectable blackberries (none of that bland winter honeydew and cantaloupe here!).My dining companion had the breakfast panini, consisting of scrambled egg, cheese and bacon (I'd love to know what they do to the bacon to make it so tasty!), all served as a pressed panini sandwich.Their cappuccino was excellent as well. In fact, the only thing I found to be less than great was the service: adequate, but far from efficient or friendly. If they get that under control, they'll certainly be a place I'd recommend to all my friends.
<review# 2596,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2007,1/10/2007,26,8,,1,2>I have recently started enjoying Asian foods like sushi (yum!). I went here, with no expectations and left filled and delighted. Their fish selection is impressive and prices are reasonable. If you want some of the best Japanese/Asian fusion food in town, check out Genki!
<review# 2597,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2006,1/9/2007,21,60,,3,1>I couldn't say anything more than what has already been said. Hands down, the best burger I've had in Atlanta yet. Outstanding burgers with a great grilled taste, outstanding fries that make you want to gorge yourself. Like everyone has said, there is a bit of a wait, but they do have a tub of peanuts, so this may keep down the hunger pangs 'til the burger gets out. Definitely check this place.
<review# 2598,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2006,1/7/2007,71,42,,6,3>Penang is a Malaysian restaurant on Buford Highway. Don't be fooled by the kitschy decor of fake palm trees. The food is a wonderful blend of Malaysian, Thai, and Indian, which means when you ask for spicy, you will get spicy. The service is fast, and before you have a chance to look through their extensive menu, someone will ask you what you want to order. Here are items I've tried and loved:- Roti Canai (thin, crispy pancake you pull apart and dip in chicken/potato curry)- Sambal Terung (a spicy eggplant sauteed in with chilies and paste made of ground shrimp) - Ayam Rendang (chicken simmered in a sauce made of coconut milk, chilies, & spices)- String beans Belechan (this can be found under Vegetables) - spicy green beans sauteed in shrimp paste. This shrimp paste is similar to the Samal Terung above) There are so many others. I haven't tried any dessert, but I hear the peanut pancake is delicious.UPDATE: 18 October 06I tried the peanut pancake. It is served in  the same thin pancake as the Roti Canai. The inside is filled with a crunchy, finely ground peanut mixture that is not too sweet. I thought it was pretty good, but nothing to rave about.
<review# 2599,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2007,1/6/2007,900,420,,2,3>My brother is being lazy, so i will represent for the ATL. I was heading back to SF from visiting his Peachtree ass and he was cool enough to bring me to this amazing southern comfort spot.  My of my, I couldn't believe how stuffed we were from grinding on the ono sweet-potato fries, huge chicken-pot pie, and as you guessed collard greens...oh yes they had a soda fountain. The best cherry coke ever and i guess that's something being i don't really drink soda. Gottta check this place out  ^ ^
<review# 2600,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2007,1/5/2007,120,360,,3,1>If you like grits, you must try theirs.  Seriously they have the best grits I have ever tasted, ever.  This place has a great atmosphere although it can get a little crowded in the mornings.  They have complimentary coffee in the mornings while you wait.  This place is definately a must try!
<review# 2601,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2007,1/4/2007,352,299,,3,1>The one (small) drawback to Georgia Grille is its popularity, which regularly defeats its undersized and intimate, yet social seating area.  Planning ahead and securing a reservation pays off when you're sipping (or gulping) an authentic margarita from the bar as the always-personable host(ess) escorts you to your table. Once seated, a charismatic server rushes tableside to welcome you back -- even though your last visit was months ago -- and to inquire about topping off that margarita.  Georgia Grille offers outstanding Southwest-inspired food from just-as-outstanding people.  Terrific art on the walls is colorful and vibrant ... quite the perfect compliment to the delicious food and drinks.  My personal favorite and always satiating selections:  shrimp & grits accompanied by a margarita on the rocks with salt.  See you there!
<review# 2602,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/25/2006,1/1/2007,11,27,,1,2>I really like this mall. Funny thing is that I live in San Francisco and the new Westfield Shopping Center is a cross between the Beverly Center and Lenox Square Mall. Great stores and great finds. The Macy's is really nice!
<review# 2603,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/24/2006,12/31/2006,23,30,,3,6>I was in Atlanta recently and found out one of my favorite rockstars was going to be doing an in store appearance at the Neiman Marcus at Lennox Mall.I contacted the PR department and Leigh the PR manager there was able to give me all the details for the event. The events were happening in New Jersey, Georgia, Michigan, and California. So each store did their differently.The minute you walked in it was decked out in Juicy Couture galore. People were mingling and it was pretty much a Juicy feel all through out the store.As you walked in there was a bar, with these hot guys and girls decked out in British flag shirts, and smoky eyes. There was people handing out drink tickets, so basically open bar. Staff was friendly and helpful, and the drinks were to die for. I discovered the Pineapple Martini, YUMMY!There was food being handed out by waitresses, bangers and mash, fish and chips. Each table had juicy couture guitar picks, sticker and scented candles ( which I am sure were juicy ).As much as I think juicy couture is overpriced, there sure know how to do an event. So does Neiman's. Everything was top notch, but what would expect.Oh who was the rockstar you might ask? John Taylor of Duran Duran. He is married to Gela Nash who is part owner of Juicy. He also along with his assistant Patty, design the men's line for juicy. John was there to promote His Peavey Liberator Bass Guitar he designed for Peavey and Juicy Couture.Thanks to all for an awesome friendly well planned out event!
<review# 2604,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/23/2006,12/30/2006,27,71,,3,4>My husband and I attended a small company dinner for his shop last night at Joel, and we were fortunate enough to be accompanied by a client who is a personal friend of Joel's.  The highlight of the evening was not only the visit before and after dinner from Joel himself, but his personal tour of the kitchen following the meal --- amazing!  It was absolutely spotless.  That said, and having not been there previously, I can't say whether our meal experience was a typical one or not, but it would be hard not to recommend the place to just about anyone.Our meal was a five course event, each course selected by Joel personally.  For an amuse bouche, we started with a cold asparagus soup, which was tasty and beautifully presented, though a bit strange being the cold version of something typically served warm.  Our first course then followed: a perfectly prepared shrimp risotto.  It was nothing short of delicious.  This delightful dish was followed by a seared diver scallop with leaks, a NY steak with truffles and potatoes and two desserts: blueberry cheesecake and a hazelnut tart.  All were simply, but perfectly prepared and the quality of each of the ingredients could not be missed.The service at Joel is nice and fairly discrete.  However, I did notice a lot of plate and silverware noise as tables were bussed - something I would have assumed a restaurant like Joel would have handled more professionally.  The atmosphere was warm, the lighting perfect and the decor modern but not stark.  However, I would say that it was the quality of the ingredients and the simplicity of the food that makes Joel the destination it is.I would have given this five stars, but there were a few service imperfections that bothered me, and overall, I would say the food/experience wasn't anywhere close to Bacchanalia's - my personal Gold Standard when it comes to Atlanta dining.  However, it was an excellent meal and we would definitely go again.
<review# 2605,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/26/2006,12/29/2006,200,605,1,2,3>Before coming to Atlanta, I only saw COP on TV. I was expecting to be more spectacular. It was a visual disappointment. Its not ugly but it wasn't anything that made me say, "wow! this place is fantastic!". On a good note, its centrally located near some really great tourist spots. Hey I'm a tourist, what can I say? The kids seem to like the water park. It was a hot day so the little ones were running in an out of the water trying to beat the streams of water. In most cases they were un successful and got hit with the water that shot out of the ground into the air. One memorable experience was buying ice cream from this vendor in the park. She was the most popular vendor there. It was so hot that kids were lining up in droves for a scope of ice cream.
<review# 2606,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2006,12/25/2006,22,44,,2,3>It's been years since I've been there, but from the reviews I've been reading it hasn't changed much.  The weird payment thing aside, this has to be one of the best markets I've ever visited.  This is the real deal, no frills- just amazing food.  Amazingly diverse.  This is better than any market I can think of in the SF Bay Area, and there are some damn good markets here.  The Farmers Market is on my list of things to do next time I'm in Atlanta.
<review# 2607,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/15/2006,12/24/2006,13,6,,,3>Although Bank of America is not my favorite bank, which I'll get in to later, I love the two tellers that work in this drive-thru only Bank of America.  They call me by name, even before I send my deposit through the tunnel thing.  They set up a savings account for me instantly.  They are just great people.  Now, I dislike Bank of America in whole because they charge outrageous fees.  One unfortunate time, when my husband spent a ton of money and didn't tell me (don't get me wrong...he does that ALL of the time - this story is about the time that I didn't catch it) we bounced a check.  Now, we wouldn't have had, oh, I can't remember, say seven bounced check fees, if they didn't put my mortgage payment check through first, deducting the largest amount from the account, leaving nothing, and then charging for the other checks.  I called about it and the person (not one of my favorite tellers) said that they put the largest check through first in case it IS a mortgage payment, so it won't be returned.  I told her that was ok, but that they had never returned a check of mine...they let it go through, because, generally, I'm good about keeping my checking account in line.  That is my beef about BOA.  But, I do love the drive-thru girls on Roswell Road!!!!
<review# 2608,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2006,12/23/2006,1,14,,2,1>Outstanding Blue Cheese Burgers! Just don't order that particular dish takeout wise because the trip home in the takeout container kinda steams the goodness out of it and it runs...but eat it it there AND YUM!
<review# 2609,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2006,12/22/2006,8,99,,2,3>I'm not a fan of fast food... but Chick-Fil-A isn't your run of the mill fast food joint.  A ubiquitous staple of the south this chain restaurant is a huge step up of fast food joints.  As the name implies they sell chicken.  If you ever see one I highly recommend stopping by even if you're not hungry.  Oh how I miss the Chicken Biscuit, the Chicken Strips with the Polynesian sauce, and of course the sweet tea.  Only if someone will open one in NYC.  (With the high cost of rent in NYC this will never happen.  Chick-Fil-A has a corporate policy of closing on Sundays.)
<review# 2610,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2006,12/21/2006,58,77,1,1,1>A lot of my family lives in Atlanta, for one reason or another, so I find myself there at least once a year doing the whole family reunion thing. This last time that I went, though, I was there for a huge soccer match that was put on by the national Ethiopian soccer league. I know, I know, I could hardly contain myself either!!!Ha ha...but seriously. I speak of this only because downtown was mobbed and there simply weren't many places to eat that weren't either super crowded, super overpriced, or just super nada. So we found this restaurant after turning away from many others. It looked simple and do-able. Almost chain-restaurant looking, but more on the higher end of things. Little did we know the gem we had found!Ray's in the City has amazing seafood, a sushi and oyster bar, and the best red velvet cake you will ever have in your life! Seriously, I want to get married just so I can order this cake for the wedding so that I can eat it for weeks and weeks! (Just need to find that groom.....here boy....here boy!) I think we went three three times in just a day and a half. If it ain't broke, don't sell it on ebay....or something like that.Anyhow...If you're chillin in Atlanta, and want some good grub....check it.
<review# 2611,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2006,12/20/2006,43,95,4,4,2>WHY THE HELL IS EVERY OTHER STREET IN ATLANTA NAMED PEACH TREE???I like this hotel. But i guess if u have to live here for work, it sucks, The room actually stunk like old socks. i dont kno why. The fitness center at the hotel is the biggest ive ever seen in hotels. That makes me happy. Gotta stay in shape after piggin' out in ATL ya kno?Check out Sundial. THe restaurant on the 72 nd floor. The frickin restaurant rotates 360! Really romantic...best views of atlanta in my opinon.
<review# 2612,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/13/2006,12/19/2006,3,23,,2,>I have moved to SFO, but I remember this restaurant fondly. So damned cute, and it has character. I like the limited menu for dinners, and I freaking love the sandwiches for lunch. This place deserves support, and so does the hard working chef. I plan on being in ATL for the holidays and I will try to drop by. If you are debating, I'd say try lunch, but good luck parking (i worked downtown).
<review# 2613,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/13/2006,12/18/2006,65,16,3,2,2>Noode, the Midtown location, has one item that I cannot get enough of. Yeah, lomeins and basil rice are all good, but their Kimchi fried rice is out of this world. Take it from me -- the Korean who has eaten kimchi for the past 34 years and therefore smells like fermented cabbage. Noodle's kimchi fried rice is a big serving -- ask for beef instead of chicken or shrimp. Their beef is also marinated to accentuate the flavor of kimchi. Yes, it's time to preach the exotic taste -- and the unfortunate odor -- of Kimchi to the unconverted. Amen.
<review# 2614,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2006,12/16/2006,48,87,4,3,3>Susan, you should remove your review of Proof of the Pudding.  Drew is right.  Thank goodness social media sites are self-correcting--posting a review of a business that you're unfamiliar with and never been a customer of is just plain wrong.  You're wasting space.  Your review is completely irrelevant and degrades the value of this site.  By the way, you should look up the word "incite" in the dictionary and then stay after school to practice writing it in giant green cursive lettering.  100 times on the blackboard, please.  After that, you should still choose a more appropriate verb.(If you remove your review, I'll remove this preamble.)Proof of the Pudding is actually pretty darn good.  I've only had their box lunches at corporate events, but the ingredients have always been fresh.  Our next door neighbor works for them, and his culinary skills are top notch.
<review# 2615,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2006,12/15/2006,15,22,,2,1>For our one night in Atlanta, we wanted a fun boutique hotel.  This hotel reminds us of Atlanta's version of The Standard in Los Angeles.  It is decorated in a modern, sexy style as are the clientele at the bar and restaurant below.  The staff is even friendly.  If you have heavy bags, have the front desk take them to your room instead of lugging them up and down the lobby steps.  If jet lag has you awake all night,  the flat screen tv and wifi will keep you occupied.
<review# 2616,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2006,12/14/2006,11,7,1,1,1>The Ahi Poki Tuna plate is to die for. This place was packed and I mean to capacity and our server was quick and attentive. We had a great time, the patrons were stylish and the mood was right. I love the atmosphere here. For some reason this location tops all the others which is too bad because I live in Buckhead and there is one right around the corner. My only complaint would be the small tables and the insanely large and confusing (and multiple piece) menu! I mean you open it and three other menus fall out. Kind of annoying?
<review# 2617,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2006,12/13/2006,0,28,1,1,2>going here is like walking into some guys house and being like "cook me something amazing".i love the food! it's authentic as you'll get in atlanta and way cheap. i was so happy when i finally found this place a few months ago, ending my search for european quality falafels. the inside is drab, but kinda funny. eating in is possible but you'll find it's confusing as the owner focuses entirely on the food and doesn't really worry about proper restaurant layout. this place is run by one guy, i think he's really cool but he might come off as crazy (borat) to some. he always has a story for me about something entertaining. he's quite a character.  the menu is cute, it says everything is the best you've ever had (and most of it is true). don't ask for a gyro. he hates food that is bad for you and he considers gyros quite bad, he has them but don't ask. try the 'beef sandwhich' (i told him to name it something cool but.. oh well) it's a wrap with veggies and slow cooked roasted beef. it is super tasty and better than any gyro i've ever had. the falafel is excellent. try the homemade chips. he just started carrying fish, it's great.i always leave overstuffed, you may want to ask for smaller portions. the only thing i don't like about this place is i leave smelling like tasty food. takeout will remedy it.go here, don't be afraid, it's so good.creative loafings article:atlanta.creativeloafing.
<review# 2618,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2006,12/12/2006,71,96,3,2,1>i defy you to find a place where the combo of chicken + waffles has ever been done better.  i don't even like chicken wings and by the end of the meal, i was licking the plate!but don't stop there-- they have a full menu of soul food that will seriously put you in a food coma of gastronomic ecstasy.  the wait can seem prohibitively long, but once you're seated inside you are transported in such a way that you forget everything that came before.
<review# 2619,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2006,12/11/2006,43,410,1,3,2>Woodfire is an interesting place.  Chef Michael is an intelectual, and his food reflects that. The sophisticated take on sometimes simple preparations usually succeeds.  Sometimes I am not overly impresed either--maybe too simple?  The restaurant emphasizes artisan, organic, and seasonal ingredients wich is a great philosophy that more Atlanta restaurants should adopt.  There is a cafe menu available which is nice, because prices here seem to be on the high side for a warm cozy house on Cheshire Bridge Road.  The restaurant has an excellent selection of cheeses and eclectic wines.  The staff here is helpful with questions.
<review# 2620,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2006,12/10/2006,36,372,2,1,2>Wow, it's been a while since I walked unsuspectingly into a completely different culture!  I figured the Varsity would be your usual fast-food experience, with maybe a little southern flair (grits, barbecue, etc.) thrown in.  Instead, as we entered the huge space I was greeted with about 300 schoolkids lined up at what seemed like 20 cashiers.  The shouts of "What'll Ya Have!" rang in my ears, joined inexplicably by the frantic ringing of a bell by a woman with a broom in her hand.What did it all mean?  It was craziness, and I had the feeling that if I made one wrong move, or uttered some forbidden word, that I was never going to get the chance to order my coleslaw hot dogs.Thankfully that never happened, and I had a chance to experience the Varsity's fare, which was as expected (the only part of this visit that wasn't a huge shock!).Enter at your own risk, and be prepared!
<review# 2621,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2006,12/9/2006,34,19,4,1,>Like  jill k. I can't help but compare Peidmont to other city parks I've hung around in. In the context of Atlanta, this is a great park. I'd love to live near it. Before I moved here, my best friend and I were reading magazines and drinking wine (hidden in sports bottles because I'm pretty sure you can't drink there legally) and we saw this guy dressed up as a Budhist monk with a sandwich board yelling about how high the gas prices were and then he pretended to set himself on fire, but his lighter didn't work. So he started asking passers-by for a light. Everyone just stared at him like he was insane. Then, he started chanting. I'm not Budhist, but it didn't sound real authentic to me. When he said, humina humina humina, my friend and I busted out laughing. It turned out to be a Whole World Theatre skit and they were filming the whole thing including our reactions. It was one of the things that made me want to move to Atlanta.The Dogwood Festival is horrid though and I won't be going back. No matter how awesome those frisbee dogs are, it's not worth the trouble and crowds. If you run/walk the Peachtree Road Race, you end at Piedmont Park. You really look forward to getting there. :)
<review# 2622,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/6/2006,12/8/2006,119,243,,3,2>While the food was definitely decent, we went on a Sunday, and while they had all of the things to make tacos and burritos, they "weren't doing that"; which forced us to be stuck with the more expensive versions of things... needless to say, that was disappointing. I do have to say though, that the drink special was frozen margaritas, and for someone with pretty high tolerance to get tipsy on one... well, you think about it. They were definitely worth the price, and if nothing else, I took away a good little buzz. I would like to go back some time when they are serving the whole menu; perhaps that would change my mind about them.
<review# 2623,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/28/2006,12/7/2006,12,44,15,24,7>The education is top notch for anything engineering and the contacts you make are invaluable for both personal and business interests...However the following points are important to know:1) the ratio of male to females is 7 to 1 (this school is one giant sword fight)Consequences:*if you are female, this does not guarantee that you will enjoy the male dominated student body. Many female alumni have complained of the lack of quality in the male student body in terms of but not limited to appearance, hygiene, social skills, and so on... (others enjoy the extra attention)*if you are male be prepared to deal with what is referred to as "Tech B1tch Syndrome" or "TBS" (yes, it's ironic that the cable station is close by)The rest of the list only applies if you are an undergrad engineering major:2) GT is a good school and because of that you will get a good amount of relevant and difficult work (depending on your major)Consequences:*you will be better prepared for the (engineering aspect of the) real world*this will negatively affect your social life. This is affectionately referred to as "the Shaft".*it will be rare to find good (or any non-sausage party) parties on campus. You need to make friends in neighboring schools. (If you are female, this may or may not apply to you depending on your tastes)3) since we're on the subject of "the Shaft", it should be noted that the professors on a whole at GT are sadistic jerks4) this may have changed but based on past statistics only 10% of an incoming freshman class will graduate (the rest will either change schools or get kicked out)5) while GT is a great school and its students are basically intellectual equals of MIT, Stanford, or Carnegie Mellon students,  it still does not have the prestige of an MIT, Stanford, or Carnegie Mellon outside of the South (though this is slowly changing) ... which means the guy who had fun and graduated from a UGA or FSU party school will probably make the same amount of money as you (note: this mainly applies to undergrad not post undergrad,  and it doesn't account for entrepreneurs)6) if you take the normal and less stressful route at Tech and are not an einstein, it will probably take you five years to graduate (depending on the major and your discipline); and no, this does not take into account co-op jobs or internships7) if you are out of state - stay home; if you're stubborn work a year without going to school in GA so you can get in-state tution rates, some spending money, and some work experience when you graduate8) grad school is a much more enjoyable experience at Tech than undergrad
<review# 2624,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/23/2006,11/29/2006,29,8,1,4,3>Amazing service from this very delicious steakhouse. We got there a little before our reservation so we got a drink at the bar. The bartender actually asked for our reservation name so we could transfer the tab to the main bill if we wanted to (which we did). Upon seating we were given our menus to peruse. It didn't seem like a long time but the server came and apologized for the long wait and proceeded to tell us the night's specials (the scallops were thick and juicy, not fishy at all). The portions are definitely well balanced, not too much and not too little. We finished with the Chocolate Truffle Cake which, not being a chocolate lover, was a wonderful finish to an amazing dinner. I would definitely go back for more.
<review# 2625,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2006,11/28/2006,54,94,1,1,1>Worth missing your flight to eat these ribs. Saucy, smokey, and just a bit of burn.It was Sunday afternoon at 1:30. Smoke and smell of savory ribs drifted from the roof of Fat Matt's shack. FM's didn't open until 2:00. My friends and I had to be at the Atlanta airport. We were running out of time. Every moment we lost waiting for FM's to open was exponentially increasing our chances of getting stuck in Hotlanta Hell (aka Hartfield Int'l Airport).The doors weren't open and a line was already forming. We rested our decision on some locals in line. Should we miss our flight for the ribs? The lady said without hesitation, yes. I wished we had missed our flight and enjoyed the food more. Think about it. How often does good food encourage people to wait in a line 1/2 hour before a place even opens?
<review# 2626,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2006,11/27/2006,446,366,9,5,5>Damn Magic City is the most off the hook strip club I have ever been to in my life...The women in there can dance and you can drink alchol gotta love the dIrty South....You have to exp this club for yourself...To sum it up ...It's Magic
<review# 2627,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2006,11/26/2006,216,364,,3,>Great little Korean bbq joint.  Extensive menu of meats / marinades to choose from, as well as a big assortment of bi bim bap (noodle bowls).One word of advice, though:  stay away from the appetizers, no matter how many times the server yells "shrimp pancake" at you.If you've never done this before, it's pretty easy.  Order your choice of meat.  They bring the coal to your table and set up the grill.  Multiple bowls of pickled veggies arrive for you to nibble on.  Then the server comes and throws your meat on the grill for you and cooks it until it's done.  Quite easy.The service is adequate.  You may need to be a little more adept at getting your server's attention.  Decor is sparse.  I'm not really convinced the A/C works, either in the dining room or the beer cooler.  But the food is excellent and it's well worth the trek for the experience.
<review# 2628,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2006,11/25/2006,312,360,,3,1>This place was soo good being an airport restaurant. We had a few hours in between flights onto Miami and a bowl of clam chowder and a chocolate chip muffin top held me over in comfort and pleasure. It was pretty inexpensive, too, for airport food. Next time you see one around, try it. Be sure to get that freshly baked muffin top, that is, if they have any left. Wonderful. -Matt
<review# 2629,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/21/2006,11/24/2006,3,8,,2,1>I had a bad impression of this place as I was subject to their box lunches at company meetings- and 3-4 hour old food made in bulk is understandably fairly bad...However, their fresh food is great- notably their Southwestern Chicken Chili and their Turkey Ruben.  They have several 'signature' sandwiches or I think you can build your own- my friend always orders stuff that is not on the menu and they seem to expect these requests.The place is fairly self serve- you place an order and then go down a cafeteria style line and pay and pickup; refills are self-serve in the back.
<review# 2630,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2006,11/22/2006,8,1,,3,1>This cute bakery/cafe is in Little 5 Points and has gained a position in my regular brunch rotation. I have been there 3 times so far for brunch. The menu items are typical breakfast options, but what is not typical is that they include salty items with the sweet. Usually you don't get eggs and bacon when you order the pancakes, unless you order them on the side. Here you can order the pancakes or french toast and you can have the eggs and bacon, sausage, or ham......what a treat! If you don't want something sweet, don't worry there's other options. It seems like Grandma Luke's recently opened, so there seems to be plans of having some events on the stage they have in the back area of the restaurant. They have a lunch menu and some yummy looking baked goods. This place definitely seems promising....it's worth a try. Plus, they have little playing cards at each table so you can enjoy a hand of Go Fish while you wait for your food!!
<review# 2631,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2006,11/21/2006,36,71,1,4,1>Another Tin Drum location... this time in the new Lindbergh Plaza!
<review# 2632,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2006,11/20/2006,25,118,,4,1>This place is awesome.  For about $50 per person, you get all you can eat steak, chicken, pork chop and lamb prepared in 17 different ways.  The house special beef (Picanha?) was awesome - it was so good that I had 8 slices of those.  They were yummy!!!  They have a salad bar too.  We decided to skip it all together though so we can save room for the meat.  The side dishes were excellent also.  I love the cheese bread...it is delish!
<review# 2633,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2006,11/19/2006,486,252,1,5,5>How could I forget this place? I was happy when they opened sometime back - I need to stop by again later on this week.This fatburger perfectly copies the ones in LA - no difference in quality (in fact, it's cleaner than some of the Fatburgers in LA, which says something).If you miss life in Los Angeles and you want to get back some of the taste, here is Fatburger!
<review# 2634,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2006,11/17/2006,299,1732,,4,3>The GOOD in Goody:Accessible @ all your favorite storesAffordable price pointsStylish colors and up to date trendsResponsive customer service: they will move mountains to make sure their customer's are 100% satisfied, mention your dismay and they will send an apology and tons of replacement product!  =)
<review# 2635,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2006,11/16/2006,163,606,4,2,2>I wish I knew how to say that I overdosed on IKEA in Swedish. It would have cool umlauts and sound much nicer.I braved the early fierce crowds at IKEA the week that it opened. This is mostly my wife's fault. She loves IKEA, and would make a point of heading to one if we were traveling anywhere nearby. She would force family members coming to Atlanta to bring her IKEA trinkets picked out of the catalog. So it was probably for he best that IKEA Atlanta opened...at least for her. For me, it meant a dozen trips to IKEA in a short span of time to find gifts for people, new drapes, a new rug, etc etc etc. And yes, I'll be getting in trouble later for writing this.The store is great, the bargains are almost too good to be true, and the smell of cinnamon rolls greets you at the door. I love the Poang chair I bought, it's great for reading or pulling up in front of the TV for some gaming.The drawback to IKEA's popularity is that it seems like every house I go to in Atlanta is filled with IKEA items. It's this pervasive Swedish veneer furniture everywhere I turn.
<review# 2636,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2006,11/15/2006,13,52,6,31,5>I have suffered from severe lower back pain for more than 3 years.  I first went to the Emory Spine Center about 2.5 years ago.  My doctor there, Dr. Randy Katz, is the most patient person I have met.  He is not pushy and does not jump to surgical options.  He took his time, diagnosed the problem correctly, tried all possible treatment options, and finally recommended surgery.  The surgeon, Dr. Gerald Rodts, is also an excellent doctor.  Before seeing him, I had seen other spinal surgeons.  No one has enough time to answer your questions.  Well, Dr. Rodts does.  One complaint, I had to wait more than 1 hour in his office to see him every time i went for my appointments.  But, it is worth the wait.  Him and his nurse, James, answer all the questions.  They spend quite a bit of time with you.  After surgery, Dr. Rodts and his staff took really good care of me at the Crawford Long Hospital.One other doctor that i met at the Emory Spine Center was Dr. Michael Schaufele.  He does the spinal injections and discograms at the Spine Center.  He is an excellent doctor.  The two discograms at the Spine Center have been the most painful experiences in my life.  But Dr. Schaufele always takes his time and explains the procedure.  This was very calming for me.  The nurses at the Center are excellent.So, for all the back sufferers of Atlanta, take some time out of your busy schedule, and visit these great doctors.  If they cannot cure you, they will definitely help manage your pain AND live a normal life.
<review# 2637,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2006,11/14/2006,35,42,,4,1>There has been a great culinary void in Atlanta created by the closing of Soto - my all time favorite restaurant in the world, not just my favorite Japanese in Atlanta.Taka used to be one of the sushi chefs at Soto, and then was the head sushi chef at Bluepointe.  A few years ago he ventured out on his own and opened Taka Sushi Cafe. I've been to Taka countless times and there isn't anything I don't recommend, but these are a few favorites among the non-sushi items: Uni Ravioli, Toasted Hot & Spicy Crab Stuffed Shrimp, Tuna Tartare, and Shrimp Gyoza.  The Uni Ravioli is excellent, and consists of sea urchin roe stuffed raw scallops topped with a yuzu sauce.  The shrimp is served on top of a marinated "cucumber carpet".  The tuna tartare is very similar to Soto's (minus the quail egg and toasted seaweed), and of course is excellent.During the cold months, I recommend sharing a large clay pot of Ishikari Nabe.  Nabe is a traditional Japanese stew usually served during the winter months.  This Nabe has a ginger miso broth and consists of salmon, tofu, cabbage, and noodles.   I would love to drop in on a weeknight and have a bowl by myself with some sake. Sushi is where Taka really stands out in Atlanta.  He is one of the few sushi chefs in Atlanta with the necessary passion and precission to prepare proper nigiri and source the right ingredients.  Taka-san usuaully receives a good shipment of wild Bluefin Tuna (Han Maguro), so definitely order whatever chu-toro or o-toro that he has that day.  Amazingly, it is priced the same as normal farm raised blue fin.  I've hard"Japanese" quality Bluefin o-toro for $15.00 a piece and Taka priced his Bluefin o-toro at $8.50 for two pieces.  He usually has good kampachi, hirame and aji as well.  The selection isn't the same as some of my favorites out here on the west coast, but whatever he has is fresh.  Taka's business is pretty steady these days, so make a reservation on the weekends. Joins Taka's email list for fresh fish updates and specials:  email axistaka@msn.com
<review# 2638,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2006,11/13/2006,16,8,,5,4>I love these guys.  I always go here first for all of my pet needs.  I have four dogs and two cats so there are many pet needs.  They have a helpful staff that cares as much about your pet as you do.  As a regular, many of them know me and all six of my pets by name.  They only have premium foods that give your pets nutrition without all the fillers of the brands sold in grocery stores.  They also have a great assortment of healthy treats, non-toxic toys, and cool accessories. If you are looking for a pet, they are a great source to many of the no-kill shelters in Atlanta.  The Fur Side, East Atlanta is next door where you can either get someone to groom your pet, or you can do it yourself in  one of their self-dog washes.
<review# 2639,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2006,11/12/2006,26,45,,3,3>Did you know that the only two locations of Aussie bakeries on the Eastern seaboard are this one and the parent location in Marietta?  AND that they supply the Australian Embassy in Washington D.C.??  I hit this place whenever I have an out-of-towner in tow.  Such a tasty harbor of meat pies must be shared.  And what is such a pretigious little bakery doing in the East Atlanta Village?  Fitting right in, of course.
<review# 2640,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2006,11/11/2006,128,519,1,,>OZ PizzaThere's no place like home, there's no place like home.  As a native New Yorker living in Atlanta I sporadically get the Dorothy syndrome. While I don't have the ruby red slippers, I do have a place called OZ Pizza. Located in Eastpoint, OZ Pizza offers an array of pizzas, salads, subs, calzones and beer.  For about $6, you can get a few slices and a soda.  The style and taste is somewhat similar to New York pizza. With fresh ingredients and dough, you'll find your way to OZ like Dorothy did.OZ Pizza is a good place to go if you live south of the city.  Directly across from the Eastpoint Marta Station on the corner of Main Street and White Way, they open at 11:00 a.m. Monday through Saturday and 3:00 p.m. on Sunday.  Downtown Eastpoint tends to get very crowded on early afternoon weekdays so, to avoid circling the area for parking, go in the late afternoon or evening. The inside seating area is just okay and for that reason I highly suggest sitting outside.  For coupons and specials go to ozpizza.net.
<review# 2641,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/8/2006,11/10/2006,6,52,,3,1>This place has its moments but the fact that there is $10 parking in the back that isn't optional is kinda screwy. Good food selection for a sports bar but the staff can be slow and the food doesn't come out piping hot. Good to see a game at or take a group.
<review# 2642,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2006,11/9/2006,21,60,1,2,1>Finally, finally, finally ... I have found a BBQ joint in the ATL that serves up beef brisket a la Texas style. I ordered a brisket sandwich and I was in a carnivore's heaven. As with burritos, I maintain that truly great food needs few condiments. With the brisket at this place, BBQ sauce is definitely an "on the side" must. The brisket was so darn good, you didn't need any sauce whatsoever. There was enough brisket on the sandwich that you could dispense with it and just work on the meat itself. I will soon find myself becoming quite the regular there and destroying any semblance of a diet.
<review# 2643,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2006,11/7/2006,71,42,,11,2>UPDATE: 9/15/07I found an old webpage of a project I started a couple years ago. The links are broken on it, but you might find the photo of the Han Il Kwan menu with descriptions of some of my favorite dishes useful. dm.lcc.gatech.edu/~alee/----------------------Han Il Kwan opened in 2004, replacing a Chinese restaurant and inheriting the building that had undergone many previous architectural modifications. The interior has been completely redone, adding several private rooms for small parties. It's a family affair, so the entire family works on the weekends. It's good to know the daugher, the young, long-haired hostess, is a native English speaker. If you ever need something cleared up right away (like food allergies), you should communicate with her.I recommend you try the perfectly seasoned grilled meat with lots of fresh leafy greens, Bul Kal Bi.  It's a Korean barbecue that comes with lettuce and sauces for wrapping. Served with 5-6 side dishes (Ban Chan), soup, and a bowl of rice, this meal is a treat for $15.95 per person. You must order two servings of meat if you want it cooked at your table. Notice they use wood coals for the grill, not a gas grill (what is point of a gas grill in a barbecue place?) They even have a person sitting outside tending the coals. I kid you not.Service is good in Korean terms...which means you might have to flag down your waitress. It's normal to call out to your waitress as she's scurrying about by waving a hand and saying, "Excuse me."  Try to ask for things when they come around to serve you, like another beer, more lettuce or side dishes. They're not attentive to refilling water because Koreans don't drink much water with dinner. You might have to ask for ice water or plain water because they usually serve hot Korean barley tea. Some other things to try:- Hae Mul Pa Jun (Seafood pancake)- Dol Sot Bi Bim Bam (Rice in earthenware with veggies)For more adventurous stuff, email me and I'll tell you.
<review# 2644,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2006,11/6/2006,11,16,,2,2>This place serves some quality pizza--and beer, and their patio is a great place to enjoy them. The pizza is served with a thin crust that is very soft and well-seasoned and well worth eating on its own. One of my favorite things was the selection that they offered in the way of  toppings. I didn't see anything crazy or experimental, but you can cover you pizza with things like caramelized onions, which, though a staple condiment for many foods, aren't always available for pizza. When I went we ordered a medium pizza with feta, chorizo, and caramelized onions. Between the two of us eating,  there were, sadly, no leftovers.
<review# 2645,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2006,11/3/2006,52,201,,3,3>this might be premature. but after having verizon for a few days...i'm in love.my mom can stay in the house and chat it up (no more worrying about getting struck by lightning near the mailbox during a thunderstorm). i got the new chocolate phone... cute and way to cool for me. so everyone...switch so we'll all be "IN".
<review# 2646,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/16/2006,11/1/2006,58,561,1,2,>This is some sort of underground mall. Atlantans (or maybe Georgians?) take their malls very seriously: last night two girls were asking the desk clerk at the hotel which malls were the best to go to, and today at the helpful Atlanta Welcome booth, the nice lady pressed upon me a brochure on Underground Atlanta, another underground mall, in addition to the ones on Margaret Mitchell House, High Street Art Gallery and the Aquarium. Anyhow, this particular underground mall is nice. We just visited the food court, and while the food is pretty typical of food courts around the nation, seating is in some sunlight-flooded atriums scattered around, which is a real pleasure. The bourbon chicken at the cajun place in the south court is surprisingly tasty.I mean, I assume that there's better food to be had nearby (Hooters, anyone?) but this is good for a quick fix.
<review# 2647,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2006,10/30/2006,28,27,5,3,5>This is truly where strippers go to die.  I don't know where to begin.  This place is SHADY yet mesmerizing all at the same time!  The strippers are mostly old and not the type of women you want to see naked yet that is the appeal.  Blondie, the signature "girl", is a black woman with blond hair who will crush a can of PBR between her breasts for the bargain price of ... whatever she feels like charging  you.  I got my "souvenir" for a mere $5.  There was another woman there that actually abused herself on stage.  I'm serious.  She slaps and punches her boobs and below the belt (if ya know what I mean).  All the beers come in cans and you can get a pair of PBRs for only $5.  Not a bad deal at all.  This place gets bumping late at night and is somewhat of a hotspot in Atlanta.  You can typically find some decent looking girls here but they'll never be the girls on the stage.If you're on a mission to see some sweet young ladies bare it all, DO NOT GO HERE.  If you're looking for a night you'll never forget, drop everything and head to the Clermont Lounge!
<review# 2648,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2006,10/28/2006,2,77,4,4,>I was always scared to go to The Eagle because I was afraid there would be some mustachioed guys in chaps doing the tango next to the jukebox or I'd get gangbanged in the backroom on the way to the pottie.  But the truth is, it's a really friendly gay bar that just happens to cater to the zaftig hairy bear-y variety.  Doesn't mean that other types can't go, and really there's a wide swath of guys who do-- punks, leather daddies, miltary fetishists, muscle bears and the men (and women on occasion) who love them.   It also holds the distinction of being one of the few Eagle gay bars around the country that has a dancefloor, so bring your dancing shoes, Connie.  This is not a stand and model kind of bar (trust me, there are enough of those in the city as it is), but a place where a guy's guy can go out and let his mullet down for the evening.  The best night seems to be Saturday.  Fridays are okay-- kind of like Saturday but much less crowded.  Thursday is okay-- it's supposed to be underwear night if you're into that kind of thing.
<review# 2649,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/23/2006,10/27/2006,42,5,2,3,>A few months ago I started dating a camping enthusiast, and as a result became one myself. Before camping to me was just a sleeping bag and a tent, boy was I wrong. Camping costs money--and there's no place better to shed your hard earned dollars than at REI. I came there as a camping novice and left equipped to take on mother nature. The staff was extremely helpful and knowledgeable--it helps that each department is staffed by someone who indulges in that particular hobby. Not so with Dick's Sporting Goods. Good luck asking someone in their camping department the pros and cons of kerosene lamps versus electric. REI has a bad reputation for having high prices, yes this is true. Find what you can first on craigslist.com or at a used sporting goods store like Play it Again Sports. If you can't find it there, then wait for a sale at REI--they came often and the discounts are worth the drive. ALSO don't be afraid to buy REI's brand--I bought a 10 degree sleeping bag there for $120, not bad compared to the $280-$380 sticker for the other guys like NorthFace. It worked perfectly when I went camping last weekend in the mountains. REI is a fun place to shop and also get tips from avid campers.
<review# 2650,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/19/2006,10/25/2006,0,0,,2,2>Moya Restaurant, now Moya Restaurant & Lounge, is one of the premier Etiopian cuisines in town! The food is great, the bar is stocked, and the people are lively and inviting. My favorite dish would have to be the "Ye'Doro Moyachinn" - a classical main Ethiopian dish consisting of thick spicy chicken stew accompanied by a set of hard-boiled eggs...YUM! From Thursday to Saturday you can lounge downstairs and enjoy the nightlife venue that Moya offers. So you can eat a great meal and party...all under the same roof. Local promoters host college nights of Thursday, 21+ nights on Fridays, and International nights on Saturday. The atmosphere is hip, trendy, urban, and FUN! Located just a few minutes from Emory University and Agnes Scott College, you're bound to bump into a few frat guys or sorority ladies at the bar (upstairs and downstairs). All in all, Moya is a chic, newly renovated, upscale, trendy, wecloming venue in which you can enjoy and affordable meal and party with the hippest of today's urban youth.
<review# 2651,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2005,10/16/2006,145,130,1,1,3>What a strange place.  I loved it though.  Seating is out on a patio and there are parrots in cages near the entrance.  They serve veggie burgers, fresh squeezed juice, sandwiches and turnip greens.  Yes, turnip greens.  You can get them on the side of just about everything.  The decor is just as bizarre as the birds outside. Service is friendly and best of all this place is 24/7.
<review# 2652,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2006,10/15/2006,33,70,,2,1>I love Ria's, it rivals Flying Biscuit for the best brunch in my opinion.  Staff is always friendly and the crowd is eclectic.  Make sure you try the grits.
<review# 2653,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2006,10/13/2006,15,22,1,3,3>We easily booked this restaurant through Yelp after reading the previous review.  The entrance is odd, walking through an upscale kitchen shop, but worth the adventure.  The service was friendly and prompt.  The chef's gift of a small cheese croquette was the perfect salty inspiration for ordering drinks at the start.  We don't drink alcohol, so the waitstaff made us virgin mojitoes that weren't on the menu.  If you drink, each dish has the option of a wine pairing.I had the fried green tomotae starter with escargot.  It was good, but more spicy and earthy than I prefer.  I think I need to stop attempting to eat escargot.  The last place I ate it led me to the toilet.My husband had the gravlax with beets.  The texture was exceptional and the flavor unique compared to the typical lemon, caper and onion experience at most bagel shops.  I would compare this to well-prepared sushi.Fortunately, I chose the main dish perfectly.  The squash and black truffle gnocci/ravioli dish.  I can't remember exactly what is was called, but the texture reminded me of a combination of the above pastas.  It was delicious and the crisp black truffles were a compliment to the smooth rich pasta wrapping.  The squash inside was more sweet than one would find in California, even though both chefs went to the California Culinary Academy.  We found that all of the dishes were sweet and more salty than we usually find in CA.  It was a nice change that made us feel like we were in the South.My husband had the scallops with bacon.  Oh yes.  We chose the cheddar with apples and walnuts and the blue cheese with pear for the cheese round.  We decided the cheese selection, no matter how tempting, was less interesting than trying the accompanying flavors offered with each individual cheese option.  Both of these cheeses were delicious with the cheddar coming out at top.Now, for my favorite part.  Dessert!  I went with the previous reviewers recommendation for the warm chocolate cake.  Oh, thank you.  The mint ice cream and fresh whipped cream were a mouth-melting experience with the perfectly cooked cake.  The cake was delicate and exact in its consistency.  Mmmm...My husband had the fried pumpkin ice cream.  It was recommended by the waiter.  I really think this dish should be required at all Thanksgiving dinners to make the family squabbling worth every moment.
<review# 2654,isUSA=TRUE,2.0,10/9/2006,10/12/2006,11,7,2,3,>This is our official pizza night pizza place. Every Tuesday we all hit this place for their delicious vegan pizza. They have every meat substitute you can think of from soysage to faux pepperoni. Not too much of a hit in the wallet either considering meat and cheese substitutes toppings generally cost at least twice as much. If you get a chance definitely hit this place up! :)12/12/2006 update:Don't bother ordering from here for delivery. I tried to order and I am 1 and a half miles away, straight down the street. They had their delivery driver call me back 45 minutes later and then I got hung up on while on hold. I called back and got the answering machine. These people are hittin the crack pipe. I mean come on, how hard is it to figure out and I quote:Delivery Driver -"Where is it sir?"Me-"You take a left on Decatur and go straight down .8 miles. It is a big tall building that says Tel-X on it. You can't miss it."Delivery Driver-"OK, hold on."Five minutes pass and click.... dead.
<review# 2655,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2006,10/11/2006,120,283,,1,1>The best chicken sandwich ever, the original chicken sandwich!  The only shame here is they are closed on Sundays.Now that I am back in the west this is single greatest thing I miss about the south.
<review# 2656,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2006,10/10/2006,34,19,1,1,1>I could be biased because this is where my husband and I had our unofficial first date (we worked together and snuck over to this place for lunch the day after we met), but since the first reviewer hadn't tried the pizza, I thought I'd chime in. The pizza is great-- so good that you have to line up for it (which gives you a chance to get to know your lunch date). The place doesn't have the perfect date ambiance, but it's in the Waldorf (I think that's the name) building, so you can eat in the indoor courtyard area.
<review# 2657,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2006,10/9/2006,107,151,2,1,1>First of all, they have Frogger. Do you know how long I've been looking for a bar with Frogger? Since, like, forever. Aside from that AMAZING feature, this bar is pretty cool in a few other ways. One, it's relatively big, but still feels intimate. Which means you can go there with 10 friends and have room to sit and carry on, but you don't feel like you're in some giant, soulless Disney bar. The lighting is flattering, the staff is nice, and the french fries are deee-lish. They also have a nice sized patio, which will be perfect for lazy beer drinking Sundays once it gets hot in Hotlanta.
<review# 2658,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2006,10/8/2006,119,243,,3,1>The lunch buffet is the perfect entry into Indian if you are weary of trying something as daring as Indian cuisine seems to be to so many. There are lots of delicious things to try, and all the staples that I love about Indian (the spinach cheese stuff, the curry chickens, the nan bread, etc... don't expect me to remember the names). There are also a ton of options for vegetarian folks, and the buffet even includes dessert; all for under $10! If you are looking for delicious Indian, look no further, you will be stuffed when you leave!
<review# 2659,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2006,10/7/2006,60,61,,3,2>In my opinion, Smith's is one of the best places to go in Atlanta for chill night .. when you just want to go out for a couple of drinks and maybe a game or two of pool.  It doesn't matter if it's on a week night or a weekend, the atmosphere is most always pleasant... basically several different areasA Game RoomA Room for DinnersThe BarThe upstairs music venue (small, but amazingly holds a good number of folks)So, this allows you to choose the area based on your mood.. if you get tired of playing pool, go hang out at the bar!  Its nice..
<review# 2660,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2006,10/1/2006,24,19,2,3,2>The superbly fabulous show opening of the super sexy artist Thrush Holmes last Saturday night was a total hit with all the funfare that reminded me of fun fun fun night s with the incrediblly bored trust babies back in Hollywood Hills. The go go bois and gals were surpassed only by those awesome art works on the wall.  A dear friend placed a red dot on a huge Holmes appropriation piece for her new digs in one of the palatial tower in Buckhead. But guess what I took home that night...yum, yum, yummy.  Legs and wine bottles were up on the air the rest of the evening!!!!Lovely!!!
<review# 2661,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/11/2006,9/30/2006,1095,3855,,3,1>At first I was so ready to give Delta 4 stars because the flight was on time and even arrived slightly early. We had a pretty good trip both ways and I was pleased that they even served real meals instead of making you purchase them. Well, then when I returned to Honolulu, all my luggage arrived on the carousel except my son's carseat. I waited and waited and asked around but they told me to wait. After about 40 mins I got really sick of it. That was when they directed me to the counter where someone helped me. They insisted that I checked in late, but how stupid is that when I checked my luggage in the same time as the carseat only to have all my luggage EXCEPT the car seat?They gave me a loaner otherwise I couldn't even take my son home in the car. It was a crappy booster chair and the car's seat belt straps didn't even retract after my son moved around in it. I had to stop 3x to fix his seat belt while I drove him to school 2 days later. They had said that they would drop it off the next day but I waited the entire day afraid to leave my home only to find out that they wouldn't be able to do it.They said they'd drop it off the 2nd day after I got home from work but then decided to drop it off at my work. I couldn't return the loaner so it's still sitting in the trunk of my car. So seriously, if they had followed everything through from beginning to end, I would give them more stars. The flight wasn't bad at all and service was friendly too. Just was upset that of all the things that could go missing, they did not load my carseat. If it was a piece of luggage I wouldn't have cared so much!
<review# 2662,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/27/2006,9/29/2006,618,479,3,1,2>I have to give this a middle of the road rating because I have a love/hate relationship with this service:On some days it's like the jingle says; "Somebody up there loves me, Directv."Then it's like Bruce Springsteen's song expanded:  "300 channels and ain't shit on."
<review# 2663,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2006,9/24/2006,216,364,,2,2>From the moment I stepped into Nava, I was impressed by the service.  The managers and servers were all extremely pleasant and attentive, but not annoying.The restaurant itself is very, um, southwestern.  VERY.  But the patio with the pool of water and cabana bar are a nice touch.Our appetizer of asiago nachos with chicken was tasty, if a bit different.  The cheeses and chipotle sauce were a nice touch, and the chicken was pleasantly spicy.I had the grilled jalapeno shrimp entree, served with black bean enchiladas and pineapple glaze.  The shrimp were large and cooked just right.  I opted not to dip them in the pineapple glaze (too sweet) and instead enjoyed the spicy kick of the jalepeno rub.  The enchiladas were a tasty complement.  My friend had the pork tenderloin and enjoyed his immensely.  No dessert for us, but I highly recommend the prickly pear margarita - a tangier version of the classic.
<review# 2664,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2006,9/21/2006,3,8,1,3,2>After reading the galvanizing review by Stephanie N., I recruited my roommate to accompany my visit to China Cooks.  Roswell Rd. appears to have turned into a "day employment" hub, but all-in-all the environment ain't so bad.  China Cooks ain't much to look at inside.  The most extravagant feature is the tilapia tank, of which I may partake on subsequent visits.Right off the bat I knew I was in for a quality time by my first sip of the hot tea, which had just a hint of jasmine; a tasteful approach.The hot and sour soup here is on the sour end of the spectrum with not a lot of back pepper, which gives it a certain lightness.  Good stuff!For my main dish, I ordered the spicy clam hotpot, which was exceptional.  The heat was not overpowering, but was very sharp with a lot of attack, similar to a mild habanero.  The fresh sprigs of cilantro really added to the effect of this dish, and I found myself scraping the bottom of the hot pot for every last bit of the clam sauce.My lunch guest ordered the Mongolian Beef, which of course I sampled.  It must have been cooked over an open flame, as it should be, because the scallions were well-tempered,  This was the best Mongolian Beef I have ever had.Service was outstanding, even though the floor manager did not make himself/herself available.  Every last detail was considered, including the freshness of the after-dinner orange and an especially crisp fortune cookie.  China Cooks Restaurant is highly recommended.
<review# 2665,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2006,9/19/2006,36,71,2,1,1>What can I say... Krispy Kreme is evil!  I don't know how they do it, but their doughnuts are little pieces of heaven... but they're still evil and very addicting!  The one on Ponce is definitely the place to go.  Just get a dozen hot glazed and a Mayfield Milk Chug and you're good to go.
<review# 2666,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/16/2006,9/17/2006,486,252,,1,1>Errr. . . . no.If you are looking for an Islands-style place that serves alright burgers or drinks in the bar while listening to a local band, maybe this is the place for you. However, the food is really nothing special - its the same american-style burger and fries that you can get in any other place. The hawaii theme is just windows dressing.For good, hawaiian-styled burgers, drive away from this place, go west on Abernathy and make a left on Roswell and then stop at the Wave. The food is better. . . and the girls are much cuter too.. . .  for some reason, that last part doesn't sound right. :D
<review# 2667,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2006,9/12/2006,21,58,,2,2>Trader Vic's just plain ol' rocks. I had no idea. I expected a kind of fake Hawaiian atmosphere that a mafia hitman would find classy. And it is exactly that. But up his sleeve Vic hides an old fashioned charm that won me over, not to mention amazing food that made the prices seem like a downright bargain. Mai Tai's were $7 a pop and worth every damn penny. The spare ribs, roasted in this massive wicker basket-like contraptions, tasted like bacon and fell off the bone. They have nice waitpeoples all dressed in floral prints and treat you all fancy. I'm a sucker for a place that is both elegant and causal at the same time. I hope the local Vic's is as good because I plan to go a lot.
<review# 2668,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/17/2006,9/10/2006,67,57,1,2,>Why why WHY must their parking be terminally stuck in SUCK?Alas, you can't order anything in Alon's and go wrong, but I'll only visit if: a) I'm already in the area b) parked elsewhere (legitimately) and c) someone else goads me into it.
<review# 2669,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/12/2006,9/9/2006,12,44,3,2,1>The education is top notch for anything engineering and the contacts you make are invaluable for both social and business interests...However the following points are important to know:1) the ratio of male to females is 7 to 1 (this school is one giant sword fight)*the rest of the list only applies if you are an undergrad engineering major2) GT is a good school and because of that you will get a good amount of work (depending on your major) which will affect your social life. This is affectionately referred to as "the Shaft"3) since we're on the subject of "the Shaft", it should be noted that the professors on a whole are sadistic jerks4) while GT is a great school, it still does not have the prestige of an MIT, Stanford, or Carnegie Mellon... which means the guy who had fun and graduated from a UGA or FSU party school will probably make the same amount of money as you5) if you take the normal and less stressful route at Tech and are not an einstein, it will probably take you five years to graduate (depending on the major and your discipline); and no, this does not take into account co-op jobs or internships6) if you are out of state - stay home; if you're stubborn work a year without going to school in GA so you can get in-state tution rates, some spending money, and some work experience when you graduate
<review# 2670,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/22/2006,9/8/2006,71,42,1,6,2>I ate at Tin Drum today and I was so bored. I've eaten there too much because I'm always in Tech Square. Tim Drum is kind of like Mama Fu's or Thai Bowl. Everything tastes pretty good, but nothing is quite authentic. But you can eat a lot of food for under $10, so that's really good if $$ is tight.  The lines can get very long at lunch time during the school year. It moves, but not too fast. Some pretty good things on the menu:Penang CurryBasil rice w/ chickenSalad w/ chicken satayNot so good:Pad Thai - waaaay too sweetSingapore noodle - blandPho - this is a no no
<review# 2671,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/6/2006,9/7/2006,11,16,2,1,1>Because this place is so well known for it's beer selection it's great that you can also feel free to request a sample of the beer before you try it--just be sure that your waiter (who has probably also been partaking) hears you say "sample" over the brewery hub-bub. So far, I've tried the Gulden Draak, Duchesse du Bourgone, and the Scaldis. The Gulden Draak is nice and mellow, the Scaldis has an interesting tang at the end that made me want to eat moldy cheese, like Stilton, and the Duchesse didn't even taste like beer! It was pleasantly thick, with just a bit of fruity "syrupiness." This was balanced really nicely by the foam, which also helped me remember I was drinking beer. I found having the beers served in their own glass really helped me remember which outlandish brew I'd just tried, and both the pretzels (served with grain mustard) and the french fries were great beer accessories!
<review# 2672,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2006,9/6/2006,99,214,5,1,5>Sutra Lounge is Green With Envy.  Be green with envy...when you enter with Diane I and myself.  We got TONS of drinks but paid only $12.00 total, (thanks D for buying).  Be green with envy...while we danced to hot hip-hop music which only exists in hip-hop nation: ATL.  Be green with envy...because not only did we look hot but I was able to score even more free jaeger shots from the bartender and random dudes in the back outdoor area.  Be green with envy...because rocking in metal Prada shoes can also score you free Indian ciggies.  **Yes, I've de-virginized my lungs this night.  I'm now a Social Smoker.**  Be green with envy...because I now make smoking look HOT! Be green with envy...when Diane I and I eat shit and scraped our chin & hands on our way home.Be Green With Envy @ Sutra Lounge!!!
<review# 2673,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2006,9/4/2006,52,201,3,,>come join me in the hottest spot in town.that's right...my office.a stunning view (that's actually true) of midtown and the hum of computers to lull you to sleep.
<review# 2674,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/19/2006,9/2/2006,58,561,1,5,3>Margaret Mitchell sounds like a very interesting woman, and GWTW is clearly a phenomenon to look carefully at (it still sells a copy every 2-1/2 seconds, 70 years after it was first published), but the museum is a little dull. There are some great materials to look at (letters, movie memorabilia, etc), but nothing you can't find out in one of the many books on the subject. The tour of her house is pretty disappointing--very few of the furnishings are original, and our tour guide was totally lackluster and had nothing of interest to say. Even the gift shop was disappointing, and I love gift shop trash! Worth going if you're obsessed or have already seen the other sights, but at $12 it's a little steep for what you get. I personally am going to check out a biography and re-read the book to get my info.
<review# 2675,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2006,8/14/2006,37,141,,1,1>Delicious. Astonishing. Sotto Sotto was the tiny stylish cosy, the friendly happy, the gourmet as hell. There were Super Tuscans on the wine list and several vegetarian options on the menu, and a few more entrees that could easily be veggie sans panchetta. The Capellacci di Zucca, in particular -- sweet potato ravioli in brown butter sauce -- was wonderful. My Italian friend said it was the best dinner he'd had since his last trip to Italy. Plus, if you mention to the servers that you're torn between two dishes that both sound great, they'll smile and slyly offer to bring you a plate with half of each. And with that, it was sealed, Sotto Sotto utterly won. Five stars for service, wine list, setting, and wonderful food. This is the warm neighborhood restaurant I want to say I know about.
<review# 2676,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2006,8/12/2006,120,283,,2,1>The best guinness pour ever!  Don't pass up the quesdillas!
<review# 2677,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2006,8/8/2006,107,151,,3,3>This place BLOWS DOORS on any market in LA. I was so over having to show up at the farmers market at 9am on a Saturday or Sunday - it's so amazing having one that is WAY better and WAAAAY bigger that is open regular hours every day! I mean it's in an entirely different league! I love love love it!
<review# 2678,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2006,7/27/2006,49,72,2,1,>Loved my BLT salad with friend green tomatoes, turkey bacon, and goat cheese.  This place makes southern food with a healthier, new american vibe.  My friend and I enjoyed our lunch on the patio and our server was friendly.  Very reasonably priced for a great quality, fresh meal.  I wasn't in the mood for alcohol, but I don't believe it's on the menu if you're looking for an drunkie brunch (my favorite kind).
<review# 2679,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2006,7/21/2006,36,71,1,2,4>Great concept for a restaurant.  You basically take a sandwich bag from the wall and choose your sandwich and your toppings, hand the bag in, and in a few short minutes you get a fresh hot custom sandwich.  They have 40 different kinds of sandwiches and all but two are only $4 (the salmon wich is $6 and the Wicked wich is $5).  I had the french dip with swiss and horseradish mayo... yum.  I hear their shakes are also great!
<review# 2680,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/16/2006,7/4/2006,58,561,2,3,2>Well, the beds squeak, the hall door slams all night, and I literally had to wrestle with the shower to get it to turn on, but it's clean, convenient to downtown, the cheapest place I could find on short notice, and the staff is super friendly (like everyone in Atlanta so far). It gets the third star for the free wireless and great view of classic Atlanta: the midtown skyline, busy freeways and urban renewal in progress.
<review# 2681,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2006,6/9/2006,107,151,2,3,2>I LOVE Atlanta! There are so many great places to go and eat/drink/shop and everything is so reasonably priced! After NY/LA/SF prices for pretty much everything, I swear it's like a breath of fresh air to spend in this town. Um, so on to the present review... Six Feet Under serves fresh, yummy seafood and you can totally pig out and not even come close to breaking the bank. I mean, a dozen oysters, an order of fried green tomatoes, and a huge bowl of fantastic fish stew all for around 30 bucks? Including tip? Geez - I'm amazed. And pleased. They have a rooftop patio with a great view of downtown. No pun intended - I'm hooked!
<review# 2682,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2006,4/29/2006,119,243,3,,1>This is probably one of my favorite places in Atlanta. Imagine this: fantastic beer. Cool people. Live music. Hanging out at a brewery. $6 for 3 beers and a glass you take home.Yeah. So, I will see you there on Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday at 5:30, right?
<review# 2683,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2006,3/17/2006,5,29,2,1,2>I went here after reading the review on Yelp. I was not dissapointed. The place definitely has a flower power hippie child feel. The patio dining area has several interesting windchimes on the ceiling. I imagine if you were high on something you could probably entertain yourself just staring at them for about 30 minutes.On the ceiling is a map of peachtree street and other atlanta tidbits. Also there are several beaded drapes around the restaurant. Light airy music plays in the background. I heard a hari chrishna (sp?) music  here for the first time. The wait staff is friendly and varied to round out the atmosphere.I was afraid there would be little on the menu for a meatatarian like me. I was pleasantly surprized. There was free ranged steak on the menu...mmmm! I was tempted to try it but I decided.instead to have the Peachtree Morning breakfast with a side of Cinnamon Sweet potatoes and sweet tea. I enjoyed the meal. The tea wasn't syrupy sweet like I usually look  for but that probably a good thing.
<review# 2684,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2005,2/26/2006,401,1598,1,2,1>'You'll want to go to Vickery's' said the desk clerk at the hotel, looking me up and down.  I was a little weirded out until I walked around the corner and got a table at Vickery's.  Then I knew immediately what was going on.  I had a delicious Cuban chicken meal and then decided to retire to the bar and had some very good cocktails and lots of fun chatter with the largely gay staff and regular patrons.  Very welcoming place in an old house tucked away among the skyscrapers of  midtown.  How did that desk clerk know?  Am I that obvious?
<review# 2685,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2006,2/4/2006,141,352,2,1,2>My dad would be mad if I didnt Give fat Matt's 5 stars or more!  From the outside, you would think this is nothing but a shack, but believe me- it is everything but!  There is NOTHING that is fried here- you have to go next door to the chicken shack for that! This place is all slow cooked ribs,chicken, and pork. You can get a 1/4 of a chicken for $2! It comes with some white bread!  That is crazy!!!!!  The cole slaw is amazing!  They also have great swet tea!  At night they have great music too.They dont take credit cards, so BRING YOUR CASH!!!!!!!!!!
<review# 2686,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2005,1/22/2006,9,11,1,3,2>Woodfire Grill serves seasonally influenced Northern California cuisine. Chef Michael Touhy stresses locally grown organic produce , meat and seafood. Whatever is on the menu that day is based on what is available and in season. The vegetable you put in your mouth this evening, was harvested that very morning, not 3 weeks ago in another part of the world. The interior is very warm, intimate and inviting, with semi-private rooms in the back for larger parties. And ahhhhh....the smell of the grill, and all the associations of sitting around a fire that are summoned! I waited a long time to vist this place, and when I did go, the wait was so worth it. For an appetizer  we had the Squash Blossoms  stuffed with herbs and mascarpone with a sweet corn sauce. The melted in your mouth and the corn sauce was perfect compliment of tastes. This apertif did what an appetizer is supposed to do. All the different flavors were distinct and complimentary. And when the plate was finished, our appetite was whetted for more. For an entree, my dining partner had the Organic Vegetables plate. Chef  Touhy is one of  the few chefs who knows how to prepare vegetables. He treats them with the same importance as a meat or seafood dish. Each vegetable was not overcooked, and was very tasty, with a blend of different flavors. I had the tuna prepared raw, and it was melt in your mouth quality tuna. We finished our meal with a tasting of 3 artisan cheeses that were splendid and unique. Our server was very knowledgable of the menu and especially the wine selection. I cannot recommend the Woodfire grill highly enough. It was an extremely pleasureable dining experience.
<review# 2687,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2005,1/20/2006,382,633,1,1,2>The BEST chinese food in Atlanta hands down.  While its location can be considered a bit shady - it is truly a diamond in the rough.  Every dish is fabulous and tasty and I have never noticed any msg in the food - although I'm not SUPER sensitive to it, I've never felt drugged after eating there :)  C'mon this is the place where all other Chinese cooks go to after they close shop at 11p to eat - how can you even compare it to any other place???
<review# 2688,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2005,1/16/2006,7,86,3,4,1>If you want to see Atlanta strippers come out after a rough night of work to grab their 3 am carrot juice and omlet, get to this place when the clubs close on the weekend.  It's going to be a long wait but, you will be thoroughly entertained.The food quality as gone down and the prices have gone up in last 5 years, but this is still one of a kind place that stays open 24/7 and serves your the healthiest food at the wee hours on the morning.It's great for the veg-heads and their carnivorous friends alike.  The menue brims with burgers and fries as well as more subtle options like dijon hijiki, blue corn posole, butternut squash and really good, not so Southern collard greens.  Carrot juice is not organic, so it's too bitter, but try their Matte Latte, it's delicious and will surely pep you up.Vegan dessert are a hit and miss.  If you come over for a weekend brunch you can sometimes see Mr. R. Thomas himself, carrying his parrots around the restaurant and letting wide eyed kids pet the birds.
<review# 2689,isUSA=TRUE,1.0,6/18/2005,12/17/2005,63,442,4,7,4>Okay - when i was an AT&T wireless subscriber the service was great. Then Cingular acquired AT&T wireless and service has went down hill. You have to do everything via their stupid website - often you get these weird error codes and are often unable to login or even pay your bill. The phone availability sucks... its normally two or three years behind the rest of the world. They've delayed 3g roll outs - i don't really care for their execuses on this but inevitably you always blame another vendor :-). Most customer service  calls appear to get transferred to call centers in Canada - which is nice - they  do speak north american english - but customer service  hours are limited to daytime hours - a downside to degloabalization. They also lock you into 2 - 1 year agreements to get any kind of discount. Unlock your phone - or buy an unlocked phone!
<review# 2690,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2005,12/13/2005,42,473,2,3,4>Where would we be without the Center for Disease Control?  The more you learn about microbes, the scarier they become, and the more thankful you are about what the CDC does.  I know its become vougue to bash all things government, but I have to say, I am really thankful this place exists.  While they have had their mistakes, the 1976 flu scare comes to mind, their sucesses far outshadow them.  Its because of people like these we live in a world without smallpox.  This is my way of saying "Thank You" to the CDC.
<review# 2691,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2005,12/10/2005,107,151,4,2,1>You will wait. You will have an unfriendly waitress. The food will be amazing. Sometimes we have to suffer a little for a quality breakfast.
<review# 2692,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2005,12/3/2005,108,171,3,1,4>Come on, how did you not know?? He's the quintessential gay man, born into somewhat "American Royalty" being the son of Gloria Vanderbilt. Stunning smile, drive, compassion, intrigue and one sexy mother f*cker..
<review# 2693,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2005,10/14/2005,3002,1579,8,2,3>This doesn't look like Kansas, Toto.  Right!  It's a Japanese toilet!  Toto is the largest toilet manufacturer in the world.  OK, here's the story:  I move into my new townhouse & discover that some moron  had previously put some unknown chemical substance down the toilet that hardened like cement in the trap & could not be rooted out.  Toilet replacement necessary.  That's the bad news.  The good news:  the new toilet is state of the art!  The lid and seat close automatically, such fun to watch.  A toilet with a brain.  My awesome trusted plumber, Chris, from Jimmie West (jimmiewest.com) Plumbing brought me the Toto brand toilet because it is mechanically the best  -  the one he has in his own home  - and he should know.Update, Oct. 2005:I love my Toto toilet so much that I am planning to install 2 more.  Then I will be a 100% Tototoileted household.
