<review# 1,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2014,11/23/2014,89,325,2,5,4>I've been to Yasmine's about 3 times. I like getting takeout from there. Their lamb is delicious. Big tender chunks served up with rice and salad. Their kabobs come with a delicious garlic sauce that I could seriously bathe in. I know that might be gross...but it's that good! Try the pita and hummus for an appetizer. Yasmine's is serious when it comes to great food.
<review# 2,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2014,11/22/2014,23,28,3,5,3>Great addition the UNM area! The staff is always friendly, the cookies are fantastic, and I love that I can have peanut butter flavored milk!! The atmosphere is also pretty awesome. I'd give them 5 stars but I feel the prices on some things are a bit high and they could offer some more exciting cookie options.
<review# 3,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/24/2014,11/21/2014,17,47,1,5,6>The Rockin Poboy is wicked good! Only available at the 4th St location. It's not on the menu either. I hit this place for lunch only when I'm REALLY hungry. It'll cost you $17 but its worth every penny. Get the large size. You won't need to eat dinner after one of these babies. So actually you're getting two meals for one. The bun is made up the street and is always fresh. A nice crispy exterior and soft interior. Don't forget the deep fried mac n cheese. Scrumptious little morsels of love! Great friendly service here too. Enjoy!
<review# 4,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2014,11/20/2014,15,139,4,4,5>Bigger cities like Chicago and NY are chock full of gastropubs like The Stumbling Steer. This basically means house-brewed beers coupled with a chef's slightly experimental, kind of trendy take on comfort food classics. Reading the reviews here, however, it looks like ABQ is not ready for [begin sarcasm] wild and crazy culinary forays like green chile relish on a green chile burger and "unmelted" cheese on a sandwich that is literally called caprese... and.. whooaaaaaa ... vertigo-inducing maneuvers like a constantly changing menu, 'unsauced but flavored' chicken wings - and, and, and they don't even bring ketchup unless you remember to ask for it! Gosh darn it, Albuquerque, this is why we can't have nice things. Now, back to reality: SS's beer is legit, with a lot of fun options and a great bottle selection if you don't share their brewing tastes. The food is even better. Huge beef ribs with Vietnamese flavor that isn't cloyingly sweet, served with noodle salad that is actually spicy. Steak frites that are executed perfectly (med-rare for me) - served with a chimichurri sauce that was so good I wanted to take it home with me, & w/ plantains instead of fries (nice touch). Green chile mac and cheese carbonara ($12!) that's rich and creamy and the only way that I want to die. My brother and mother loved their NY strips (a steal at $23 each). Chicken fried in duck fat and chicken gravy really takes their chicken-&-waffles to another level. SS even has $4 glasses of house wine if you're on a budget and not in the mood for beer. 3 stars is stooopid for a place this good - how embarrassing. Easily a 5-star establishment.
<review# 5,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2014,11/19/2014,123,1032,2,5,5>I didn't know what to expect from a Nepalese place, but was somewhat pleasantly surprised to see that it was more or less Indian food. I can dig that.Lunch specials had very generous proportions. I had the sizzler plate, since it seemed to offer a little of everything. Was not disappointed, the food was tremendous. Date had the paneer, and it was also very good. I was a little disappointed with what they had on the menus as a "Himalayan Lemonade," which turned out to be nothing more than pink lemonade with whip cream on top.Pretty quiet when we were here. Nice, open and airy interior. Service was very attentive, and they have ample parking.
<review# 6,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2014,11/17/2014,64,15,4,8,6>My husband and I had date night here last night. We were pleased to have been seated at a table near the live music. The restaurant was dimly lit and our service was spot on, which is very important for us. Our dinner was amazing. The bread served seemed to have been freshly baked and the garlic oil dipping sauce was heavenly. We started off with the crab cakes for our appetizer. We devoured them! My husband liked his wedge salad and my watercress salad was alright. The beets really balanced out the peppery kick of the watercress. Our steaks (husband had the New York and I had the filet) were cooked to perfection BUT the star dish for us was the adult mac and cheese au gratin! Our waiter gave us the option of customizing the dish by adding different ingredients. We decided to add green chiles and it was spectacular!!! When it came out, I was a little hesitant since the sauce looked a little runny but don't let that hold you back! It had a great kick of spiciness, which we love. Phenomenal if you like a kick of spice!!! If cost is not an issue for you, this is a special gem for a great occasion. (P.S. This restaurant is a participant of restaurant.com)
<review# 7,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2014,11/16/2014,34,49,3,7,4>Everything about Vinaigrette is fresh. The food, the drinks, the atmosphere. It is such a vibrant place.The salads are nice and crisp. You won't find any bad leafy greens here like you might in another restaurant. That is my one big thing about salads in general. It's hard to find a place that has consistently crispy ingredients, but this place does.The soups are just plain delicious. I have ordered 3 different soups here (gumbo, black bean puree, and another). Each was sooo good, flavorful, and obviously home-made. Worth getting a cup of soup on the side.The sandwiches are hearty. Even if you get a "lunch couple", as they call their half and half option, you will have plenty of sandwich to satisfy your craving. The breads, meats, and cheeses blend very well together.The drinks are refreshing. Light and not oversweetened like a lot of places are. Try the jasmine tea - I wish I knew where they buy their tea. The Vinny Palmer is so much better than a normal "Arnold Palmer". And the Peppino. So much better than I expected it to be. Just enough cucumber and lime with club soda.Hopefully this place will be around a lot longer, and maybe even another location here in town?? Maybe up near Tramway?? :D
<review# 8,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2014,11/15/2014,2726,418,6,15,11>Got a great dog that was hit by a  car and I will help him come back to a full recovery..Hes a great dog that just needs a loving family and I have that. He loves being out of dog jail..His name is Major..will add photos later when he gets better..
<review# 9,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/4/2014,11/14/2014,24,83,4,3,7>Big thank you to everyone involved in making this happen. What a great way to spend the evening - wandering from nosh to nosh, talking and visiting and laughing at Howie in that hat. I mean, does it get any better than that hat?  All the food was good but I loved the green chile cheese burger the best, and yes, maybe I love the guy who made it a little bit. He was sweet. On a night like that, you've got a busted heart if you don't love a stranger a little bit.  Can't wait for the next event.
<review# 10,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/1/2014,11/13/2014,15,103,4,5,3>I had heard both good and bad about this place, so I decided to give it a shot.  I had read a couple questionable reviews on other sites questioning the service.  I could see the potential for bad service - everybody kind of hangs around this computer in the corner, and then hike all the way across the restaurant to tell you to seat yourself.  I felt like it was an awkward start, but things improved quickly.I had the biscuits and gravy.  The most misleading plate I have ever seen (in a great way).  It was a heaping skillet piled high with hashbrowns, sausage, eggs, and of course - biscuits and gravy.  So good - I have been craving a second visit all weekend. The dinner menu looks to be this hodge podge of different menus throughout the week.  I am sure Gordon Ramsay would disapprove, but I think it works - Corrales is too small, and the variety helps in the long run, I bet.The only complaint was the noise.  They had two TVs in the cornr, and you could actually hear the college football.  I felt the TVs were out of place for the concept.  Additionally, the sound conflicted with the too loud background music, which was a strange blend of yanni and techno.Overall, I say a 3.5 to 4.  The potential for greatness is there.
<review# 11,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/1/2014,11/13/2014,15,103,4,5,3>I had heard both good and bad about this place, so I decided to give it a shot.  I had read a couple questionable reviews on other sites questioning the service.  I could see the potential for bad service - everybody kind of hangs around this computer in the corner, and then hike all the way across the restaurant to tell you to seat yourself.  I felt like it was an awkward start, but things improved quickly.I had the biscuits and gravy.  The most misleading plate I have ever seen (in a great way).  It was a heaping skillet piled high with hashbrowns, sausage, eggs, and of course - biscuits and gravy.  So good - I have been craving a second visit all weekend. The dinner menu looks to be this hodge podge of different menus throughout the week.  I am sure Gordon Ramsay would disapprove, but I think it works - Corrales is too small, and the variety helps in the long run, I bet.The only complaint was the noise.  They had two TVs in the cornr, and you could actually hear the college football.  I felt the TVs were out of place for the concept.  Additionally, the sound conflicted with the too loud background music, which was a strange blend of yanni and techno.Overall, I say a 3.5 to 4.  The potential for greatness is there.
<review# 12,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/20/2014,11/12/2014,4,35,5,7,2>Three stars for the decent tasting chai and the weird interaction I had with the gentleman behind the counter. I just would like my coffee, not to feel stupid for my choices on where I usually get my coffee from and a list of local coffee shops that I should be supporting in my area. It's ok to just accept my money, hand me the items that I paid $10 for, and NOT preach to me.
<review# 13,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2014,11/11/2014,94,265,2,4,5>This is the kind of Asian market I'm used to and felt very comforting to know this is right in my neighborhood!  It is dirty and smelly in the fresh fish section but that's what you'd expect from an Asian market...just know that.They have a great variety of almost anything you can imagine, from sauces (soy, hot, hoisin, chili, blackbean, peanut, oyster, etc) to noodles to snack items like cuttlefish, mochi, rice crackers, etc. Relatively small produce department, some house ware, frozen goods, teas, canned goods (bamboo shoots, quail eggs, halo halo, mushrooms, and more).   They had a lot of Chinese groceries, some of every other kind flavors like Japanese, Philippino, Korean, Vietnamese, etc.  They sell rice by the gigantic bags.  The only kind I didn't see was the regular long grain white rice.  Kinda funny...Prices seemed a bit less than the other Asian Market in the area, Tallin Market.So happy to have this so close to me!!They accept debit and credit but there was a sign for "no personal checks".
<review# 14,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2014,11/10/2014,7,38,3,10,8>I've officially reached the end of my search for the best espresso in the city. Done. It's right here, at Espresso Fino. There are so many good things about this local gem. The owner (Greg) really cares about crafting the best espresso and will happily customize your drink. Greg is really a great guy who truly cares about getting to know his customers. I've stopped by a couple times now, and haven't had a problem finding seating, even during busy times. The space is cute and cozy, light and bright. The star of the show is the espresso, but they also offer some pastries from New Mexico Pie Company that are indulgently tasty.
<review# 15,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2014,11/9/2014,8,63,4,5,3>When my daughter needs clothes I just take her here. Saves us a lot of arguing and headaches. Within seconds of arriving in the shop she is waited on. The ladies find her size and just what she needs. My daughter is petite and trying to find her size at others shops is an ordeal. Here it is not. She is also picky, what a lovely combination, but those problems go away in this store. Only complaint I have is that I don't fit in their clothes but that is a personal issue. Choose this store if you like exceptional customer service.
<review# 16,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2014,11/8/2014,55,73,4,6,5>You know sometimes you haven't felt pretty in so long you wonder if it's possible to ever feel it again? I know now that making people feel pretty is a service David provides, and he does so with great skill and attitude. Plus he's hot. So yay! And it didn't break my bank either!
<review# 17,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2014,11/7/2014,50,84,4,5,3>Come one come all to the Danger Carnival! Twinkling lights at a distance will lead you to the most fascinating event around, the best five (or more) of your dollars you will ever spend. I enjoyed the heck out of this event. There was just the right mix of curious booths, outsize rides, and amazing shows to make the night. Everyone was laid back, some costumed some not, and there was plenty of good cider to be had.I hope this year was a success - to improve a little for next year I suggest a few more people at the cider sales, a few more sideshows (make it easier to find out how to volunteer/set up a booth- I'd be interested), and maybe some carnival treats (we had cotton candy, and apple bobbing - how bout caramel apples or some traditional meat on a stick?)Thanks for the fascinating evening!
<review# 18,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2014,11/6/2014,28,15,1,3,3>Simply amazing!! My husband and I have heard good things about this place so figured we would try it. Best idea ever! First, we were more than welcomed in. The guy asked if we had never been there and he explained To us how it worked and what we do. I built my own pizza cause I'm super picky. The pizzas only take 3 min to bake which is awesome cause being pregnant and hungry isn't a pretty site.The lady at the register was so wonderful!! She cashed us out and went above and beyond. Grabbing us a booster seat for our son, asking us if we need anything to just let her know so I didn't have to keep getting up and down, had them cut my pizza into kid size pieces for my son (he and I shared) and also kept our table uncluttered of any paper or trash. Definitely try it if you haven't.
<review# 19,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/23/2014,11/5/2014,25,13,1,4,3>One of the better Thai places in town. The food was great but the portions were a little on the small side. So if you have a big appetite then maybe choose elsewhere. They did not tell us about the seating in the back so we thought it was a small place till after we had eaten. I will definitely eat here again and if you are not keen on spicey foods then tell them a one when you order. I got a two on the hot scale and it was pretty hot.
<review# 20,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/23/2014,11/4/2014,2,5,1,3,3>I eat here regularly. Don't expect anything fancy, but if you're looking for fresh ingredients, solid preparation and great bartenders, this is your place. They have the best house salad and cedar plank grilled salmon in town. They also have incredible cocktail specials at different nights during the week.  No cheap, but you have to pay for quality.
<review# 21,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2014,11/3/2014,144,168,4,7,5>This amusement park is pretty good. I was pleasantly surprised. And this from someone who isn't normally drawn to amusement parks. Cliff's has some fun scary rides. Sure, it isn't Cedar Point, Six Flags or Disneyland, but if it was, you'd be waiting in really long lines. Here, the lines are relatively short. If we didn't get on the ride the first time around, we were on it the next time.Sidewinder, The Rattler, The Wind Rider, Fire Ball, the water tubes, and more, are well worth the day visit. Today, the Cliff Hanger wasn't open, but that only temporarily dampened our fun. I think I'm better off without it. The Cliff Hanger doesn't seem to be as scary as the Demon Drop, which had been at Cedar Point up until 2010, but it looks scary enough.They have milder, though great rides, the classics: Music Express, bumper cars, Tilt-A-Whirl, water rides, like the log ride and the water tubes. If you're not into wild rides, there are some traditional carnival-style arcade games.If you have young kids, there's a special area with a great selection of rides. All your favorite treats are there, including cotton candy, Icees, funnel cakes, turkey legs, traditional grill food, like hot dogs and hamburgers, Dippin' Dots, shakes and smoothies.
<review# 22,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2014,11/2/2014,7,64,1,4,5>The food here is outstanding.  I am a big fan of trying food that I have never had.  Like my friend Jenn H, I am very adventurous when it comes to trying new things.  I noticed on the menu that they had fish  head soup made with three pounds of fish heads and it takes 30 minutes to prepare.  I had to pass on that one due to the size of the portion and I knew I could not eat it all.  Next I looked at the three cup rabbit, but they were out of the rabbit at this time.  So I took Aileen W 's  advice and had the three cup chicken.  Magnificent!  Thick savory broth, tasty chicken such flavor.  Total mouth-gasm!  Defiantly will be back to try their other offerings soon.  Anyone want to try the fish head soup--hit me up.
<review# 23,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2014,11/1/2014,65,120,3,8,5>My buddy is visiting from Boston and he wanted to see what the famous New Mexican Breakfast Burrito is all about so we did a test in a half-mile radius around my house and this is what we found (in order).1.  Tia Betty Blue's.  Clearly the favorite.  Fresh food and a generous amount of chile.2. Acapulco Taco and Burrito - Pretty damn good.  My friend loved it.3. Twister's (on Gibson) - Better than I thought it would be but they don't even grill their tortilla so it is sort of a mushy mess.  They do give you a lot of chile though.4.  Blakes (on San Mateo).  By far the worst burrito.  Tiny tiny tiny amount of chile and the hash browns they load it with are just plain ol' shady nasty.
<review# 24,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2014,10/31/2014,14,19,4,6,6>A Humble Haiku    by Glenn E.One cold brew toddy,One warm blueberry pie tart,One perfect work day.
<review# 25,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2014,10/30/2014,90,146,1,5,5>When you first drive up..you already love this place. Great parking, wonderful building that had been brought to life. Plenty of seating outside on the beautiful patio, tons of bar seating and indoor seats for everyone. Great for groups. They are keeping it classic with beers on draft from Blue Corn, Chama, Bosque Brewery, Turtle Mountain, Marble and La Cumbre Brewery.  Small brewery menu with bar bites. TV's all over to watch sports. Plenty of bike parking for you bike riders like me.
<review# 26,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2014,10/29/2014,52,86,2,7,3>It's hard to believe that, despite having driven by this place a million times (my parents live two minutes away), we've only been here once. We finally decided to stop in and, my goodness, we've been missing out! The food here is a bit on the pricey side, but if you stop in, you'll quickly understand why. This is serious cuisine. Fresh, delicious, creative, just perfect. We stopped in for lunch. I had the Ahi Tuna sandwich and the husband had the Crow burger; both were outstanding. If you aren't really feeling like dropping a bunch of cash on dining (the dinner menu gets pretty expensive), stop in for lunch instead. Their selection is great and the patio is very pretty. A great place to visit when you're in Corrales.
<review# 27,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2014,10/28/2014,32,140,3,6,4>Wow oh wow. Who would have thought this place has such amazing food. A huge junk of fish on the fish sandwich, crab cakes were good and services were exceptional. Very attentive, polite, my drink was never once empty. I'm officially impressed with their food and service and the atmosphere. Some night complaint about the price, but it was not expensive at all. 2 people with appetizer, 2 entrees and a desert for less than 50 bucks with tips? What a steal.
<review# 28,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2014,10/27/2014,50,115,4,6,4>3.5 stars. I would have easily given this place a glowing 5 star review six months ago, but I fear they have gone slightly downhill.The French pastries are where this bistro shines. The croissants are (were?) absolutely amazing. The baker is French, and these croissants were the best that I have ever had in my life - no exaggeration. The almond croissant is my favorite, but my friends rave about the chocolate and chocolate-almond croissants, too. They have that perfect blend of flakiness and chewiness that is so difficult to achieve. I fell in love with La Quiche Parisienne at the Downtown Growers Market, where they have a stand selling baked goods on Saturday mornings. Go early, because they sell out of their popular items quickly. I have also been to their main location and have eaten an omelette there, which was pretty good but not spectacular. However, the last time I went to La Quiche on a Sunday morning, I was sadly not impressed. I had an almond croissant that was tough and crumbly, not soft and delicate like they used to be. My husband was similarly unimpressed with his fruit tart. Worst of all, when I asked if they had iced coffee, the barista said, "Of course!" but then proceeded to scoop some ice into a styrofoam cup of steaming hot coffee. The HORROR! Any iced coffee fan knows that this creates a watery, sour product. I wish that La Quiche would double-brew some high quality iced coffee to go with their pastries; if not, though, they should at least be honest with their customers that they do not brew iced coffee, but that they would be willing to put some ice in their hot coffee. My theory is that La Quiche baked a ton of goods for the Saturday farmers market and was selling slightly stale leftovers in their store on Sunday. They were probably tired from the busy day they had on Saturday, too. But I really hope that this is not a downward trend, because it was incredible when Albuquerque had the best croissants outside of France. I hope those days return.
<review# 29,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/13/2014,10/26/2014,39,137,3,5,7>I've been to this hotel now several times-- for weddings, events, dinner, tapas or just a good ol' martini upstairs at Ibiza. I'd have to say (primarily in the summer), it is one of my favorite places to have drinks and appetizers on the patio. The fire pit and rooftop view of the city are the perfect compliments to an evening out for happy hour with friends.My experiences have always been pleasant, as far as staff and service and we've never had much of a problem finding a place to sit. If you've never been here, you should definately check it out.
<review# 30,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2014,10/25/2014,1,5,3,5,4>I have been in and out of this store over the past 6 months as a bride getting married in May. I can honestly say I have never been treated so well in a store. The employees really go out of their way to make you feel like you matter and are being listened to. I came in the store yesterday to have a consultation about my dress I ordered 6 months ago. In the past 6 months I've lost 30 pounds and was literally swimming in my size 16 dress. I was dreading this appointment because I was beyond worried that my dream dress was not going to be able to work. I had a breakdown at the sight of myself in my dress. The store manager Karen, pulled me aside and assured me that they would get the dress to work. Let me just say she went ABOVE & BEYOND what I thought was possible!!! If I could write thank you a million times in this review I would. I highly recommend this store for any bride looking for a great experience with their dress. 5+ stars!!
<review# 31,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2014,10/24/2014,0,3,1,3,6>I consider myself quite the beer snob and have to say that this is by far the Best  beer in Albuquerque,  esp. Their milk stout! While I am not normally a fan of ciders or wheats, these guys are making me a fast fan.  The red is also phenomenal (explains why they couldn't keep it in Stock) and the atmosphere is great,  laid back and they always have a variety of food trucks on hand. Ive been there 4 times since they opened a couple weeks ago and my only complaint is the Parking is sparse, so get their early... and don't plan on leaving soon,  they have too much to offer to waste your taste buds anywhere else.
<review# 32,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2014,10/23/2014,193,90,5,5,3>My second time at Casa RonDeña, and I must say it's been a good time with each adventure.First time around was a tasting via the base and it was quite informative. So what if it was a rehearsed tour, aren't they all? The wine flowed, they promoted the spot, and I didn't run into said "Estate Owner," So all was well.Yes, my buddy wanted a photo with the "Private Offices" sign. Yes, the photo was worth it all, and by that I mean, the slight slap on the wrist for said photo. Round two, was my Sunday evening spent in the tasting room, whilst I studied, and studied. It was good. The servers, polite and helpful (They even stowed my outdated iPad and umbrella for me, ideal).Casa RonDeña you're just shy of being an incredibly sparkling gem in the ABQ. You're an ideal place to find a little solace in this city, and all I can say is, I hope the good times continue with each of my adventures.
<review# 33,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2014,10/22/2014,24,18,2,7,4>Having never been to the location on Alameda, this was our first experience with Wise Pies, so we weren't really sure what to expect.  It's a small location (maybe 1/2 dozen tables inside, and another 3 or 4 outside), and when we arrived we were greeted enthusiastically by the staff behind the counter.Wise Pies specializes in individual sized gourmet pizzas, and as such has several different crusts, and sauces to choose from.  My bf and I both chose their regular crust, and roasted bell pepper marinara sauce.  I chose pepperoni, and capicola ham topped with fresh mozzarella cheese and some of their provolone blend mixed in for good measure.  Last (but certainly not least), I had them top it off with black olives.When we got to the register, it was a little pricey (just under $22 for 2 pizzas, and 2 small drinks), but not unreasonably so.  Since this location just opened they weren't very busy, and we had a chance to chat with (what I believe was) one of the owners.  She, and all the other staff were very friendly, and the store was extremely clean.Our pizzas were ready in just a few minutes, and they arrived hot and delicious.  I wasn't sure about the bell pepper marinara when I picked it, but it was definitely an excellent choice.  Both pizzas were cooked to perfection, with the crust being thin, and just the right blend of crispy, and chewy.I'm not a gourmet pizza connisuer by any means, so I probably won't make Wise Pies one of my regular dining out choices, but overall, it was an excellent experience, and a decent value for our $$.  Good food, good service, and a clean restaurant, make Wise Pies a good choice for a great casual meal.
<review# 34,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2014,10/21/2014,47,245,4,8,5>And I'm docking a star. Lately, I just haven't been feeling it. The staff is still nice, the beer is good, but I don't feel like they've really upped their game. Some things stay on far too long, other beers go off way too frequently. Every now and then I get a beer that just doesn't sing for me. Not sure what's happened.The biggest turnoff for me, however, is the clientele. It's become a sausage-fest full of creepy dudes, many of whom probably like their drink a bit too much. You have to drive there no matter where you live, and the way some of these people are overserved is terribly irresponsible. Some of the conversations I've heard in there (or comments made to some of the female bartenders) were extremely inappropriate, even considering they were uttered in a bar. If you want to talk like that, go hang out in a frat house or in your mom's basement on the internet and let the grownups enjoy their beers in peace. Disgusting. I've actually stopped going there in large part because of this.EDIT: I received a very nice and quite apologetic message from Jeff, and I promised him that I would return to re-evaluate. I came back both on a weeknight and on a Saturday afternoon, and the crowd was different (and much better). Also, the recent release of Father Nelson was absolutely phenomenal. I'm excited to try some of his summer offerings (Miles from Cologne, for example) and I'll hope that he brings back that awesome Gose from last year. La Cumbre is a well-run microbrewery that deserves more awesome people and fewer creeps among its clientele. I'll try to be among its awesome customers when I can!
<review# 35,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2014,10/20/2014,4,35,4,7,5>Great greasy lunch spot. I had driven by this place the first 5 years I lived here and never had the courage to stop in. Finally I mustered up the courage to eat here. I LOVE this place for a quick lunch stop. The chili dog is great. The Frito pie is pretty amazing too. I've been here a few times now and will keep eating the great American food that they serve. The building looks old and kind of sketchy but the inside is full of wonderful food. I do love the parking lot service and look forward to  the next adventure at "Dog House"!
<review# 36,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2014,10/19/2014,24,53,1,7,5>So after living around the corner for a year, we decided to check this place out. I'm trying to be overall more active and Aidan suggested a hike so off we went.It is a short hike (1.5 miles) and not particularly exerting which makes it accessible to people from all walks of life. The start of the trail is well marked and easy to follow. The second half of the trail (and some of this is from inexperience, I'm sure) is not well marked at all. Actually, I'm pretty sure we were just wandering around off the path for a while. Don't get me wrong though, wandering off the path was very enjoyable. We were able to climb some of the rocks to get a closer look at the Petroglyphs which were very cool. One thing we did notice, in the part of the hike where I'm pretty sure we weren't on the path is that there are some rocks that are spray painted. It is just so sad to me that someone would do something like this to something that is otherwise so beautiful and old. Overall, we plan to return when we have a bit more hiking experience under our belts because hopefully, that way we won't get lost :)
<review# 37,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2014,10/18/2014,62,114,1,6,4>My girlfriends and I made a visit the Saturday before Mother's Day to relax a little bit. The weather was perfect to soak in the hot tub and sun bathe. We got there early enough that we practically had the place to ourselves. My friend was even able to book a last minute massage. The staff was friendly and we really enjoyed our time. We will definitely be back.
<review# 38,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2014,10/17/2014,8,66,5,4,4>By far one of the BEST New Mexican food in ABQ!  Unlimited supply of chips and salsa while you decide what to order or while you wait for your party.  I love their salsa, it has smaller chunks, very fresh tasting, and a small amount of heat (not too much for the non-locals).  Great place to take non-locals for a good new mexican feast. Here are the list of my tips: 1) Service is typically excellent, but there are times when they get busy and you wait for your food (usually dinner rush), which is nice that they keep the chips and salsa coming.  2) Lunch specials are my favorite because I love the combination plates.  They are also smaller portions, which can be good or bad depending on you appetite.3) Everything can be custom ordered. Example: I only want green chile on my enchilada plate, and its an easy update.  Also onions are available on request (sometimes served in side bowl or on top).4) Water is free, but soda without ice has NO refills.  Soda with ice has 1 free refill.5) The bar/lounge is a great option at dinner (typically less crowded).  There are a lot of regulars that hang out in the bar and its nice to hear the banter with the bar keep.6) Nice bonus is most (is not all) meals are served with sopapillas.  Each ordered meal gets 2, so if you are a light eater and share your meals at least each of you get one.-I'll update this are I have more :)
<review# 39,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2014,10/16/2014,292,11,7,10,9>Hopefully none of my fellow yelpers will ever have to visit here, but if you do, you will be cared for and treated with compassion. This MD Anderson is an off shoot of the real MD Anderson in Houston. There are great docs here who seem like they genuinely care. They offer radiotherapy and chemotherapy. I am thankfully only going to receive radiation. The waiting room is very inviting and quite big for the patients and visitors waiting. They have a nice Keurig coffee maker with a nice variety of coffee, hot cocoa, and tea. There is a huge jigsaw puzzle in the making that all patients are welcome to help figure which pieces go where. I'm sure it will be beautiful once it's completed. Like I said before, I hope none of you ever have to frequent here.. But if you do. You will be with highly educated, competent staff who wants nothing more than to treat your cancer and make you feel comfortable as possible in the interim..
<review# 40,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2014,10/15/2014,50,75,1,9,5>Well well well....I found another fav in Abq! who is excited?  I am! On another note, I need to say, im Dominican looking for some Caribbean in NM and I found the perfect fried yuca and I'm happy now. So if you're a chicken lover like me.... yes, please come here. Here goes: - Rotisserie chicken is finger licking good.- The rice is well flavored with cilantro. - Perfectly fried yuca. - Awesome green mystery sauce (since I forgot to ask) - Chimichanga is a must try! Its basically like an egg roll stuffed with chicken only. - Drink to try is the Peruvian Chicha. A must for Best Latin American Food!
<review# 41,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2014,10/14/2014,8,52,2,9,5>I spent many years in Central TX and I consider myself pretty well versed in the BBQ scene there, at least as it relates to beef and poultry. I was really excited to see this place open and it did not disappoint. I had a sliced brisket sandwich while my SoCal dining buddy had the chopped brisket sandwich. Both sandwiches come with sliced onions and dill pickle slices, which is pretty typical of CenTX BBQ. The sliced brisket sandwich came "dry", meaning you add sauce to it, not that the meat is actually dried out. The chopped brisket sandwich, as is typical, has sauce mixed in to the chopped meat. Both sandwiches were tasty and reflective of slow-smoked brisket. I peeked into my sandwich before I began eating it and admired the "smoke ring" (pink or red coloration of the meat) and "bark" (dark exterior), both of which are telltale signs of a nice, slow smoke. It also had just enough fat to keep it interesting without being gross. Was this smoked brisket as good as the various offerings found in Lockhart or Gruene or Giddings or any of a number of small Texas towns? No, but it could be someday. My only hesitation about the brisket sandwich is the roll. It was sort of like a kaiser roll, but without any sort of seeds or anything on top, just a dusting of flour. Seemed out of place to me, but wasn't bad. In my experience, brisket sandwiches are served on sliced bread or fairly plain rolls, but maybe that's just me. Cole slaw was good and simple, i.e. not plagued with excessive sweetness. If you are dying for some sort of sweet flavor, get sweetened tea or Big Red (both are available there) to wash down your 'cue, or save room for dessert, which I unfortunately failed to do.Service was nice and we were checked on a few times during our meal for refills, etc. In a perfect world, they would get a beer and wine license, offer smoked chicken, add a few more sides, and develop enough of a following to move out of the dreary Montgomery/San Pedro strip mall. For now, I'll take what I can get!
<review# 42,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2014,10/13/2014,41,39,7,15,10>I've been dying to have some authentic Japanese food for a really long time. Unfortunately I missed the whole Kokoro train while it was around but I think I am going to be quite happy with this new establishment. I went to Nagomi last night with a friend and we shared 3 different things and I was super impressed by the quality. We started with the miso soup and it was the most creative miso I've ever had. It had all kinds of wonderful goodies inside of it. Besides the regular stuff it had onions and cabbage. It was very enjoyable! My friend has had hand made Udon noodles in Hawaii and was quite skeptical of these ones before we ordered. We both were delighted by the perfectly flavored slightly sweet broth and nicely textured noodles. Its impossible to eat that soup without that delightful slurp. Its quite fun! We also shared the Oyako Donburi, It was a simple dish but it was quite good. Next time I'll probably get something more adventurous. Our third choice was a sushi roll. You can't properly judge a Japanese Restaurant without trying the sushi. We had the Alaska roll. It was simple but perfection. Fresh salmon, avocado, and cucumber. Oooh that was a tasty treat. SO SO SO good! They have fancier rolls but seeing what the fish tastes like unencumbered by lots of sauces and theatrics was refreshing. Bomb sushi. The owners wife was our server and she was great with a little dash of sass. Her husband is from Japan (oh yes its authentic) At the end of our meal she gave us some coupons to come back and spread the word. I hope this little place does well because I'm gonna be having dreams of that Udon. You go Nagomi! I will be back to try your Curry, Shabu, Ramen, and the rest of your rolls.
<review# 43,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2014,10/12/2014,151,116,1,4,4>Sweet, humble space with plenty of offerings.  I liked the mini-pies in lieu of slices and was pleasantly surprised by the excellent latte that Andrea made. The "razzle dazzle rhubarb" featured toothsome chunks of rhubarb and a satisfying tartness.  The green chile turkey handpie was a half-round of folded over pastry and filled with a rich cream cheese concoction packed with chunks of tender turkey breast, chives, and green chile.  The service was very friendly.  The seating space is limited and it is more of a kitchen than a eatery, so take-out would be recommended.
<review# 44,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2014,10/11/2014,14,33,3,2,4>This is a fairly small and quaint restaurant that serves the typical Vietnamese dishes you would expect. The prices are fair and the portions are more than enough to leave you satisfied for either lunch or dinner. At prime time lunch hours this place is pretty vacant making me wonder if it has a better dinner crowd around here. The staff seems like a nice family and they are observant to their customers not leaving you unattended for more than a few minutes, but not in your face either. The bathrooms are clean and stocked and the furniture, tables and place settings are also nice and clean . It is a quiet and peaceful place to dine and great for meeting a friend or business associate for chat or discussion while enjoying traditional Vietnamese food. The T.V. screen shows a modern traditional Asian "Lawerence Welk style" entertainment at a low to moderate volume which can be an added touch to the ambience for some, and a little annoying to others.  Normal kids will probably hate this place, but an interesting and precocious child may find it a unique treat if they don't need to be reminded to eat their veggies.
<review# 45,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2014,10/10/2014,52,169,1,7,4>Best tacos in Albuquerque!  I've been meaning to go for the longest time and finally made the trek to the South Valley recently.  There is only outdoor seating, but it is covered and there was plenty of seating.  There was a kid's picnic table also and the outdoor dining area is fenced in, which helps if you have little ones.I had some fish tacos, a shrimp taco, and an order of chile caribe (fried, stuffed peppers).  Everything was great, but the highlight was the fish tacos.  They were fresh, but filling, and the green sauce really added a lot of flavor to the dish.There was a live band playing when we were there and the owner let us bring our own beer.  Speaking of the owner, the guy was extremely friendly and genuinely appreciated our business.
<review# 46,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2014,10/9/2014,56,108,,5,5>Absolutely FANTASTIC company to do business with! When I first went to Black Duck to get some estimates for our company shirts, I dealt with the owner himself. Very professional, very informative and all around personable gentleman that leaves you feeling "These guys will totally take care of me". Their prices are very reasonable, the turn around time from designing to product delivery is wonderful. I was always kept in the loop when it came to updating estimate costs, suggestions for our company logo design and they were very accommodating when it came to spitting up the invoice for people to pay for their ordered shirt individually. The quality of their screen prints is excellent, very vibrant colors and they hold up wonderfully when washed. All in all, I'd give them 10 stars if I could. We'll definitely be repeat customers for quite some time!
<review# 47,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2014,10/8/2014,125,201,1,5,4>I live right down the street from this location, so we often find ourselves here after taking a nice stroll down Academy.  The pizza, subs, and garlic bread are all very good.  My personal favorite is their gourmet pizza,  the margherita, which is a 10" personal pizza, although me & my daughter often split it.  This location serves Coke Zero, but other locations do not.  The pizza (in my opinion) tends to run a bit dry, so I always ask for extra sauce on every pizza I order.  I wish they offered breadsticks! I'm more of a breadstick-kind-of-girl rather than garlic bread.  But, overall this is quality pizza people.  It is so far my favorite in Albuquerque and easily beats all of the chain restaurants (Pizza Hut, Dominos, Little Caesars, etc).
<review# 48,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/2/2014,10/7/2014,69,171,3,4,6>The Torta ahogada and Robert Irvine cubano are fantastic!  This is Pasion's mobile gig so if you've been to Pasion you know what to expect: lots of complex recipes rooted in Cuban and Sur American motives.  The prices are fair, so I went back for more.  I hope to see them around more often!
<review# 49,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2014,10/4/2014,81,210,4,7,6>I dig the Corrales Grower's Market. I think RailYards has got this place beat though. I believe it closes at 12pm so if you're unable to get out the door early in the morning, most of the greens are gone by the time 10ish rolls around. There aren't a ton of vendors but it's totally worth going to just for the burritos from Apple Tree Cafe! Pulled pork with green chile in a breakfast burrito? Yes please!
<review# 50,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2014,10/3/2014,17,149,3,6,5>I went to the animal fair! The birds and the beasts were there... There are babies galore at the zoo right now! Baby orangoutang Pixel with big sister Reece love to swing all over their exhibit. There is a baby siamang gibbon but I'm unsure what the gender or name is. Then there is baby elephant Jazmyne who no longer needs mommy by her side and like to explore the watering hole alone. Additionally baby giraffe Abiquiu is sure getting tall, the brand new baby flamingo is adorbs and the little rhino is getting so big. His name slips my mind. What would a day at the zoo be without getting poop thrown at you by the lowland gorillas? Whatever! Also you can occasionally spot scuba divers in the sea lion tank cleaning. They are kind and stop at the window and wave at the kids. This zoo is not the biggest or best but I love it. I take my 1-year-old niece here on a monthly basis and we both have a blast. The zoo can be done in about 5 hours so plan on spending the majority of the day here. You can rent wagons and they have wheelchairs if needed. As a fundraiser you can ride the zipline. It is available until september but I believe it is only available Thursday-Sunday. Zoo music is an excellent summer event. The crowd always has a blast and there are children galore. The exhibits stay open until 8pm and it is nice to see the animals when it has cooled down.Become a member and enjoy the Zoo year round!
<review# 51,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2014,10/2/2014,42,124,5,4,6>3 stars for the quality, 4 stars for service, and 4.5 stars for quantity, so i guess we'll throw em' that 4th star. Word to the wise, go run a marathon before you swing in here for breakfast, otherwise you'll have so much leftover food that you can make scrambled egg & potato tacos that night for the whole family.....seriously.
<review# 52,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2014,10/1/2014,122,177,4,5,8>Holy seafood spread, Batman!  This was a fun event.  I had no idea this little Italian gem existed in 'Burque.  We were instantly transported to a beach in Italy when we arrived.  The theme was showcased by a cool mural of a grotto in the corner of the restaurant.  As the squad trickled in mostly in casual attire, we were all introduced to the new Yelp intern Erin.  I am pretty sure she was wearing a wig while channeling her inner Ariel?  She gave each table a beach ball to play a cool icebreaker game.  The beach was thrown and wherever you left thumb landed you had to tell a deep dark secret about yourself.  That was a joke.  The ball was labeled with questions about super hero powers, which cartoon character would you be, to the last book you read.  As we were all playing the game M'tucci and staff went all out.  They had a guy shucking oysters in the back,  (One of the employees told us he was a bad mothershucker!)  another guy rolling a keg for the party, and a mixologist making some drinks.  The food was delizioso!  There was a spread of shrimp, arancini, calamari, and fresh shucked oysters, and antipasta.  I thought the arancini was amazing.  As we were sampling this delicious spread the staff brought out a plate of brushetta that you would stab someone for.  (Disclaimer:  Please don't stab someone for bread.)  There were a few different cocktails offered.  The first being a sweet concoction that tasted like a lemon infused sweet desert wine.  This was too sweet for my liking but refreshing.  The second cocktail was a green drink that started with an "M."  My apologies as I can't remember the name.  Lastly there was a keg tapped just for us!  The beer was a well known Italian brew called Nastro Azzurro by Birra Peroni.  A crisp European lager ready to be sipped on the beach.  This was a great event.  It was fun catching up with other Elites and theme was fun.  Molte Grazie to M'tucci and their staff!  Thank you Howie and Erin!  Il cibo era delizioso!  Cheers!
<review# 53,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2014,9/30/2014,47,133,8,10,9>You know those places when after you leave you think, "Am I stupid or something? Why have I been missing out on this experience for so long." Eating at Anatolia was my "ah-ha!" moment. Forget about the atmosphere, because it's slightly strange. It feels more like you're walking into a speciality shop/strange diner/who knows what. When you come here it's about the food. I ordered a Turkish coffee, and when my tiny cup was brought to me I was expecting my taste buds to be burnt off by that bitter, chalky, taste of an espresso. The kind that almost make your eyes water and you slightly regret your decision until your taste buds are allowed to acclimate to dat cawfee. Boy, I was wrong though. With only one sugar and no cream that Turkish coffee felt like floating feathers on my tongue, it was smooth, it was perfectly roasted, it was BEAUTIFUL! A symphony could not have outdone this coffee.I also got the Chicken Shish Kabob entree with Hummus. Oh. my. god. I did not know chicken could be cooked so perfectly. It was so tender I was slightly convinced that my eyes were deceiving me as the grilled outside made it seem like something that would be dry and flaky. The hummus was so perfect I would lick it off the sidewalk downtown if need be, I would eat it out of a strangers hand, on a train, in the rain, I would eat this hummus anywhere. Seriously, that good. The salad was a salad made by the God's. Perfectly ripe lettuce, perfect amount of seasoning, perfect in every single way. Your plate also comes with a grilled green chile, when I saw it I thought, "meh this place is messing with me. This is not a New Mexican restaurant, so this must be a joke." WRONG AGAIN. Perfectly grilled, tasted like sweet sweet chile heaven, and was a great addition to my meal. The baclava was the best baclava I had ever had. It was moist, yet crispy, and not dry in the slightest. The only thing I wasn't that impressed with was the rice. It was okay, but not the best or most flavorful rice I had ever had in my life. I am willing to overlook the rice issue though, because really, it's not even remotely close to being a problem.I love this place! I can't wait to go back!
<review# 54,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2014,9/29/2014,27,66,8,10,8>After wasting waaaaay too much time at Defined Fitness, fighting with meat heads over machines, squat racks and dumbells; showing up an hour early to spin class just to get a bike; and being approached by every crusty old man over the age of 65 (WTF)..... I decided to try.....yes..........Crossfit. I knew all about Crossfit, having watched the Crossfit Games on TV and listened to my cousins blab about their boxes incessantly. And no, I'm not being dirty.....for reason unbeknownst to me, Crossfitters insist on calling their gyms boxes. In fact, Crossfit's chock full of filthy language: box, snatch, rack, wod, jerk, thruster (secretly love it). But that's getting off topic. On the other hand, maybe that's part of it's appeal - If you like it rough and hard (your workout, that is), Crossfit's totally for you. I first heard about Duke City by Googling the closest gyms to my house, and a few people I know were quick to recommend it!    After about two months of membership, I.am.LUUUVING.it !  Every class is instructed by a certified and experienced coach, which makes me feel safer and more confident when performing the wide range of challenging techniques in the Crossfit curriculum. I'm talking everything from power lifting to monkey bars. This includes things you did as a child (jump rope, climbing rope, handstands), things you know and love/hate (running, pull ups, push ups, sit ups), as well as things you've maybe never heard of before (clean & jerk, muscle up, snatch). Duke City has a fully equipped and spacious box with knowledgeable, positive, motivating and fun coaches that each bring something different to the table in terms of their experience and training styles. Their assemblage of equipment includes, but is not limited to, pull up bars, kettle bells, barbells/weights, medicine balls, rowers, tires, monkey bars, climbing ropes, jump ropes, bands, sleds, ab mats, foam rollers, boxes, rings (TRX style), barbell racks, stretching equipment and space outside to run. You'll never get stuck in the same old boring routine here! Every day is different, and every workout is a surprise!The early morning class is my favorite (5:30 am) - best way to start the day! There are fewer people there (as opposed to the fuller afternoon classes), and those who show up that early are ready to work hard. It's like being part of a team. Being an ex-athlete myself, I can appreciate having people there to motivate and challenge you. A little friendly competition also gives my workout that extra boost I was missing while dodging douches at Defined. I feel comfortable with the training I've had at Duke City. The coaches are conscious of the different levels at which athletes work and the variable rates at which they progress. They are currently implementing a new system based on a week long series of physical tests, after which athletes are placed into levels that each follow a prescribed program aimed at making progress in various areas of fitness. I think this an excellent strategy for making goals and achieving results. I would highly recommend Duke City Crossfit to anyone looking to take their physical fitness to a more challenging level. I won't lie - It's not a place for wusses, so bring a good attitude and show up ready to work!!
<review# 55,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2014,9/28/2014,76,131,5,8,4>Came in for lunch, which was buffet. $7.99 each It was very tasty and  had a wide variety of offerings. There was a n extensive vegetarian section and a good omnivore section.  My favorites were the saag paneer, curry chicken and the butter chicken, the veggie jalfrezie, tandoori chicken, and the galab jamun was off the hook. The decor was nice and the restaurant was clean, inviting and the staff was legit. Would return for dinner. Their menu looked extensive. And writing this review is making my mouth water. The end.
<review# 56,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2014,9/27/2014,69,414,1,5,6>All I can say is wow.... this place rocks! The carne asada fries here are amazing! Others might say its not authentic but I really don't care cause they taste amazing! I also unlocked an offer for a free taco although it was minnature sized it was still free and no questions were asked. To bad this place isn't open earlier or else I would always come by for lunch.
<review# 57,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2014,9/26/2014,34,55,2,8,7>Easily one of the best local breakfasts I've had in quite awhile! Service was friendly and fast, there was plenty of choice seating, indoor, porch area, or outdoor/courtyard. I had a chai latte and it was perfect. One of the best I've had. My husband had cafe au lait, he said it was delicious and well made. We decided to get two entrees and share between us, and chose today's special - carne adovada breakfast tacos, and the breakfast burrito. Both were delicious and served with fresh fruit. For both drinks and both entrees, we paid right at $20. Can't beat those prices. The portions were just the right size - we left full and satisfied, but not stuffed. We will definitely be paying this place more visits in the future. The atmosphere is really nice, not pretentious at all, unassuming, and nowhere near as bougie as some of the nearby brunch places. Eat here, drink coffee here, you won't regret it. Top notch.
<review# 58,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2014,9/25/2014,30,252,4,5,7>Packed house today (March 17th, St. Patrick's Day). Not sure why ;-)  Anyway, we arrived around 3:15 pm and ended up waiting in line for about 30 minutes to get in as they were already full to capacity and it was a one out, one in situation. Luckily folks were bar hopping, so we got in quicker than expected. Once inside we were seated and served immediately. I started out with a Guinness Stout and my wife had the Irish Cider. We then ordered the Scotch Eggs for an appetizer, my wife had the Bangers and Mash for dinner and I had the full Boxty (Irish stew inside a potato pancake, kind of an Irish taco!). Everything was delicious. With dinner I had an Irish Red and my wife stuck with the cider. For desert I had the Irish Lager and enjoyed it with a 20 or so person bagpipe marching band that came through the front door, played several tunes along with a couple of Irish dancers, and then exited through the back. All in all a great St. Patty's day!
<review# 59,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2014,9/24/2014,33,137,5,5,5>Check in for a free order of truffle fries! Solid four stars. Came here for a casual anniversary dinner on a Sunday evening. I had made reservations, but it was hot as heck outside and walking around Old Town was no fun, so after killing time buying candy at the Candy Lady, we went to High Noon about 35 minutes before our reservation. It was early, so they had no trouble seating us. We had a very pleasant, young, charismatic waiter who did a great job. We were a bit distracted throughout the entire meal by the large party setting up next to us--a surprise 30th birthday party. Sadly, we left before we got to see the surprise, so we felt a little let down, ha ha.I ordered the virgin prickly pear margarita (wth was wrong with me that I ordered virgin?!?). It was quite tasty and I'd like to go back for another "real" one some time. I ordered the steak salad with the house green chile vinaigrette on the side.  The vinaigrette was tasty, but more olive oil than vinegar and I'd prefer the other way around. The beef was like beef tips and was clearly marinated for ages--it was really tender. Unfortunately, the beef was cold, but it was still a good meal with a lot of beef and very fresh greens and halved cherry tomatoes. I'm extraordinarily picky about my salad greens being fresh. My husband had the 12 oz. NY strip, which was a huge piece of meat-something my family of four might share. The steak was topped with fresh, sauteed green beans. Underneath the steak were green chile mashed potatoes (what a great flavor). There was a red wine demi-glace drizzled over the dish. I didn't try my husband's steak, but it looked delicious and cooked to a perfect medium rare.We didn't have dessert because our appetizer consisted of the candies we bought across the street at the Candy Lady. I'll come back. I was waffling between the steak salad and the shrimp enchiladas, for something totally uncharacteristic for me to try. Perhaps next time I'll try the latter.
<review# 60,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2014,9/23/2014,57,110,2,8,6>First Summerfest of 2014 started off with a bang! North Domingo Baca park was the best place to host this event. Tho, the vendors were limited, I truely enjoyed the fact that there was a line of food truck there for me to choose the different type of food I wish to try. The bands that the city of Albuquerque invited were amazing especially Le Chat Lunatique and Cherry Poppin Daddies. The grass was the perfect place to put the stage and there were tons of people swing dancing to the music!The only downside was the parking was not very well organized it seems. My husband and I opted to walk from our house but as we got close to the park, it did not seem obvious where it is a good place to park and the security just stood around and did nothing. There should have been a team there to direct parking. Other than parking, everything else was great and fun!
<review# 61,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2014,9/22/2014,1,10,,11,9>Seriously amazing. I have never had an experience as excellent as this one. It does take a long time probably 90 minutes but so much pampering. Excellent foot massage, oil, lotion, paraffin wax, hot stone massage topped off with a great polish job. I definitely recommend this place.
<review# 62,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2014,9/21/2014,37,99,4,5,6>I took a break from squash and went looking for a bite when suddenly I saw sliders and tenders... What, we have a slider place here now, yes!  I stopped in and the atmosphere was really upbeat, the crew friendly, service spot on.  On this day I chose a slider, tender and small soft drink.  I'll probably habitually stop here on my way home from the gym (it's job security for them :)  My only complaint is that they charged me 1.99 for a 16oz small drink, please follow McDonalds and make one size fits all for a buck...  I can't end this review on a negative note, this place is great, if you're in the neighborhood stop in and check them out!  Thanks for your good service!
<review# 63,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/17/2014,9/20/2014,145,67,4,6,5>Two laps around the field measures a mile.  But, why on earth would you run or walk only one mile?  What I normally do is park near the field, walk a total of eight miles, and end up finishing the last mile at this field.  That way I do not get bored with running the repetitive 16 laps...which I've tried before and lost count after 13 after I waved and said hello to different people.  Ha ha.  So, I just guessed what lap I was on when compared to time.  The field itself is nice.  There are no major dislikes or major likes about it, for it is simply a large grassy field.  Many people utilize it.  Besides running around the track, people use it for sports, practicing band, and just to hang out.  UNM students use it for events such as the Relay for Life, Fietas! festival, and the annual Honoring the Alumni Powwow.  Do you remember when Obama was campaigning for his first presidency term and showed up at Johnson Field?  And, George Lopez was there?  Being part of history is fun, and Johnson Field certainly holds many memories.
<review# 64,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2014,9/19/2014,157,655,6,8,13>I think I've found my new spot in Albuquerque. This place has me cheating on Sharky's and y'all should know how I love that girl.The atmosphere here is not the draw. It's almost unsightly. I don't give a flying fudge though. This spot is all about the food, specifically the tacos, the tortas, and the salsa. I bet the burritos are good too but I dind't get that far through the menu. Oh, and the price. I must mention the price. These tacos are cheap as hell! The torta too! I went HAM on the menu and started ordering all types of stuff, including a massive agua de melon, and the bill was like $7. Wait, what? Did you charge me for everything? Really? This is the Albuquerque cheap eat I've been dreaming of.But seriously, the food here is slamming. The torta wasn't quite to expectations, mostly because there weren't any refried beans of queso Oaxaca, but throwing a little of the delicious salsa on there spruced it up lovely. Plus the roll was good. The tacos, al pastor and carnitas, were generous, heavy on the onions and cilantro, and riquisisisisisisimo. ---- That's the equivalent of very, very, very, very, very, very tasty. Finally, all the reviewers saying this is a tough neighborhood and this and that, give me an effing break. If brown skin, foreign languages, or signs of poverty translate to a scary place to be, the problem is you and not the neighborhood.
<review# 65,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2014,9/18/2014,43,258,2,3,5>In my next life I want to be a dog---one of the dogs that gets to regularly visit Enchantment Pet Resort and Spa, that is.  What a fun place!  Swimming pool, day camp, dog walkers--this place is a buzz with activity!  We recently brought our elderly dog in for grooming.  She's a veteran, but with her senior status we always worry a bit when we turn her over to others for care.  The staff here was super friendly and incredibly professional.  They took amazing care of our little girl!  When I came in to pick her up, she looked beautiful--the absolute BEST grooming we've ever had for her.  Squeeky clean, soft coat, no clip marks.  More important to me, she was happy, relaxed, and couldn't stop her tail wagging!  (At other places, she usually would come out to me pulling on her leash, literally trying to climb the walls to get out of the place!)  The groomer at Enchantment brought her out personally, talked to me about how our girl fared and then sent her home with a kiss on the forehead.  We will definitely be back!
<review# 66,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2014,9/17/2014,0,2,1,3,3>Love, love, love you guys! We had our engagement and wedding photos done by Kevin's, and both experiences were amazing! My wedding pictures came out breath taking the photographer captured the scenery perfectly!! I will highly recommend using Kevin's photography! And I will use them again!! Thank you!
<review# 67,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2014,9/16/2014,37,105,2,8,6>Remodeled, revamped and renewed . The old brewery is gone and this new kid seems to have taken ahold of the heights.  The old middle school cafeteria seats have been updated, yeah. Now you get to sit on stools like an adult, lol. Seriously tho, there was some coin thrown at the decor which was a major improvement but the biggest change actually came from the beer. On to the beer! Oatmeal Brown- different but good. Had many a Oatmeal Stout but can not remember an Oatmeal Brown. On that note it almost tasted like a fusion.India Black- like , not love , IPA's but this was very enjoyable. Nice hops with the dark colorGerman Blonde- very good. Nice and light. Almost lager-likeHoney Pale- very good. Amber color, good hop but not overpowering or bitterAll samples were cold and well carbonated( good lacing ). Perhaps my allergies but none of the samples had any "nose" whatsoever.Did not see the food menu so cannot comment on that.Very good job lizard ! Keep up the good brews .
<review# 68,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2014,9/15/2014,1,5,3,4,4>I obviously need to start going to some seriously shitty places soon, or I'm going to become too much of an optimist! I suppose it's nice when a place actually lives up to the hype- I mean in addition to averaging 4 stats on Yelp they actually have a ol'Yelper beer on tap! And it has the trademark of Yelp on the handle! I got here late on a Thursday evening- late by Abq standards- 830pm. And pleasantly found the place packed. I was escorted to the busy bar, which dominates the middle of the place. I tried a couple of dark beers and settled on the Coconut porter after a taste- it tasted pretty good, but it was completely flat. Wonk Wahh! You just lost a star, and the bar keep didn't even pay it any attention. It's not hard to tell when you are either too low in the barrel or the CO2 tank isn't working- it isn't rocket science people!Beside that, it was pretty decent- got a sunrise burger and ordered it medium. Beware medium means very red in the middle! I mentioned the fact to the bar keep and she joked that a rare burger is still beating. So be careful how you order. Nevertheless, the burger was good indeed. I love egg on anything good- always tastes that much better!!!Fries were very good as well, though bar keep never asked me which of the several ketchup a and mayo I wanted as a newbie- too busy?! Anyway seems like I got a ketchup with BBQ? Not bad I am a condiment fan to be sure! I even asked for more and bar keep complied quickly. In general service was good with be annoying. The guy next to me was sitting and milking his beer while his friend ate and bar keep was getting a bit annoyed on a busy night- who could blame her! Good place overall- woman sitting next to went ok about the two ciders they make, I never tried but she was adamant!And they don't take Amex!  So, only a little mediocrity here.
<review# 69,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2014,9/14/2014,18,7,3,4,4>Love Bricklight Dive. I eat here almost every Friday. The food is good, their beer selection is awesome, and the prices are hard to beat. I love the atmosphere and especially enjoy eating out on their patio. Their service has been a tad slow in the past, but lately it has picked up a lot and has made it one of my favorite places in the University area to go.
<review# 70,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2014,9/13/2014,0,4,,1,3>We really enjoy eating at The East Mountain Grill, (Katrinah's). Especially Breakfast and Lunch. Fast Friendly service, food is fresh and good! Breakfast Burrito's smothered in Red and Green Chili, Great!Dan
<review# 71,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2014,9/12/2014,3,8,4,6,6>This has become my new favorite lunch spot. The staff is always super friendly and the service is spectacular! I have come to really enjoy their soup and salad or sandwich combo. They also have daily comfort food, salad, and sandwich specials daily. And they have a great selection of desserts. Favorites are the creamy green chile chicken soup and green chile chick pot pie. Their salads come in huge portions. I always feel like I get more than I paid for with any dish.  If you're in the area, I would highly suggest you try this place for yourself.
<review# 72,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2014,9/11/2014,17,47,2,6,5>I hit this place for lunch with coworkers and usually split a small nacho with one other or a large nacho with three ppl. It's cheap, fast and I think the nachos are pretty decent compared to other places. The Billy's beef is the way to go. 10 bucks for the small (it's a lot of food) to feed two hungry men...not bad. The large portion is GINORMOUS! I really haven't had a bad experience at this location so they get 4 stars.
<review# 73,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2014,9/10/2014,0,16,5,7,7>Got acquainted with this wonderful business via Yelp, liked the photos on their Facebook, drooled over the pictures for days until I made a trip here during my lunch break.  It wasn't a busy time so I got to meet and greet Grace and Troy a bit. I ordered a Les Mis Latte, in a full iced version and got the left-over in warm version to go, too. I love the fact that they use my favorite coffee roaster Villa Myriam, too! It was the BEST chocolate coffee drink I have ever had! From all the choices of truffles and chocolate bars, I took home "Salma Hayek" (Smoked Serrano chile and piñon in dark chocolate), "Michelle Yeoh" (Jasmine green tea & coconut rum truffle in dark chocolate), "Sophia Loren" (Dark chocolate almond and hazelnut gianduja) and  "Deborah Kerr" (Dark Chocolate Hawaiian Sea Salted Butter Caramels). Believe me, it's very hard to just pick these four gorgeous ones. Now my tasting buds are having a dancing party!
<review# 74,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/26/2014,9/9/2014,123,1032,1,9,5>Came for opening night. I am excited by this place, because hey, who doesn't like craft beer? This is Albuquerque, we've got quite the scene going and the more the merrier. In terms of layout, I dig the patio. Open, lots of tables, some shade, it's got a little bit of everything. Inside was still under construction on Friday. No carpet, no A/C. We'll have to wait and see how that shakes out.Speaking of the patio, on the opening night service was non-existent. There was bussing of empties, but you had to go to the bar to order. On that note, there was quite the clustermess happening at that one station. Growing pains: it's gonna have to get better.Food was sandwiches. I didn't order, but I believe they had 5 offerings. All panini-type, they grill 'em behind the bar (kind of like Bosque's setup), around $9. The beers I had were good. I had the Alt and the Pale Ale. Of course, most of the beers have some sort of ursine play on words. I believe the Pale is called Paw Swipe. Hoppy, but not too much. The Alt was nice and mellow. I will have to try their Double IPA down the road, as well as the stout.In the end, I see the potential here. The problem they're gonna have is distinguishing themselves from The Stumbling Steer which is so close in terms of both geography (two? blocks away) and niche (microbrews). SS has a bigger, more open patio, a ton more beers, and a full kitchen. Unless Boxing Bear comes up with something fast, they don't really stand as much competition.
<review# 75,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2014,9/8/2014,18,141,4,2,5>Let's just get this out of the way - I feel ridiculous giving a dump 4 stars.  That being said this place is super convenient.  Spring cleaning has begun and our garage was the main target.  Convenient hours and it's only a few bucks to get rid of all the junk you would rather not hold on to.  No cement stuff folks.  Now's the time before the weather gets too hot.  Have a difficult time letting go,  just watch one episode of Hoarders and that should do the trick.
<review# 76,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2014,9/7/2014,27,147,2,3,5>To date I've tried the Duke City Reuben, the 5-0-Philly, the 5-0-Filthy (chicken, green chile, bacon), and the Cubano.  The reuben sandwich is fantastic, like everyone says, but it's a reuben, of course it's going to the best.  Every other sandwich is five stars on it's own merit.  On Saturdays only they have breakfast (and vice versa).  You see those breakfast burritos from Bocadillos?  They've got fried eggs.  Fried.  Eggs (not scrambled).  A+
<review# 77,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2014,9/6/2014,92,147,3,4,3>This is your new brunch spot. Really my review could end there, but since some people need to be convinced... My wife and I had been meaning to try this place since we saw it. We finally got there earlier this week and we're hooked! They've done a good job making this kinda-hole-in-the-wall location seem bright and modern. Walking to the back where the counter is, you're presented with a chalk board with their simple-but-delicious menu. There are breakfast, lunch and salad options, all of which looked very good. I ordered my "vegan rancheros" (huevos rancheros w/o eggs and cheese) and asked if they could do some sauteed mushrooms. The woman at the counter was happy to do so and offered avocado as well. What came out was pure heaven: blue corn tortillas covered with whole black beans, perfectly cooked potatoes, red chile, tomatillo salsa (a nice departure from green), mushrooms and a perfectly ripe avocado. Every once in a while I have a meal that almost brings a tear to my eye; this was one of those meals.My wife got one of their sandwiches which she said was very good as well. They even do their own potato chips which were awesome.Like I said: this is your new brunch spot. Period.
<review# 78,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2014,9/5/2014,89,325,3,9,8>I think Model Pharmacy has the best ham and brie sandwich I've ever had. It was absolutely mouthwatering. It was so tasty...and had a blackberry mustard on it. OMG...I will be going back in the near future for it. It was so good that I went back to Model with my husband the next day. He had the turkey and swiss and enjoyed it. I had the salmon on a bagel with cream cheese and veggie toppings (bagel and lox). It was also good. But I did feel it was pretty expensive for the dish. My hub had a delish strawberry banana milkshake and I had the chocolate egg cream (kind of reminded me of an italian cream soda). Delish! The pharmacy has some really unique soaps and creams, hair decorations, an extensive selection of cards and mobiles, as well as perfumes.
<review# 79,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2014,9/4/2014,93,370,4,5,6>It was a really nice time ,being guided through the downtown and getting to view the government funded works. By far my favorite was the tile installations outside the convention center. They were so vibrant, and also involved the youth, in art. The saddest was the Holocaust memorial, emaciated figures spiraling up a chimney like structure. The piece that I did not get was the arc of metal in the corner, some minimalist post modern waste of money. So I went to art school and I have never gotten this style of art, like color field paintings. To me this kind of work is just  cop out of actually being creative or having skills in the arts. Even conceptually there was no answer for this waste of metal. Our guide was fabulous. Really enjoyed hanging out with my fellow Yelpers at Adieux Cafe.  On an off note service there was juvenile. I have been in the  service industry a long time, and seldom seen such craziness. See my review of Adieux.
<review# 80,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2014,9/3/2014,12,60,4,6,6>Looooved this place. Friendly service. Had a freshly made Assam Iced tea -- served up in a huge mason jar and a yummy slice of lemon bundt cake. Can't wait to go back  and sample the rest of the menu. There's real food there!My only complaint, which isn't worth less stars, is that they're not open a couple hours later.
<review# 81,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2014,9/2/2014,84,39,11,11,12>Excuse me please... AAAAAAHHHHHHHH! *Ahem* sorry I just screamed like a pre teen girl at a One Direction concert. That was my initial reaction upon eating at Franks for the first time! Alright, Franks Famous Fried Chicken and Waffles! Where to begin. First off I must say I was a bit worried when I walked up to this place. I had heard a lot about this place and my expectations were high before I even got there. It was even higher once I actually saw the place. Great homemade fried chicken is hard to find and cooking it is even hard. By the way fried chicken, in all it's simplistic glory, is my Achilles Heel in terms of me cooking it. I ordered the 12 piece wings and Waffles- What? Don't judge me I love wings and that's how I roll. My wife got the 6 piece wings and waffles with Mac and Cheese. As I waited in anticipation, I gave the place a once over and I love the vibe and look of the place. I mean how could you go wrong with pictures of Prince and Jimmy Hendrix on the wall. On top of that they were jammin some 80's tunes in the background. Our food finally arrived and I had a smile plastered across my face. The wings had the look of a certain place? Wing Stop, no. Churches, no. Golden Pride, not close. Ahh I know, they looked like mama's home cooking. The flavor of the wings was FANTASTIC, honestly the best I've ever had- sorry mom. The waffles had that fresh homemade waffle taste and the Mac and cheese was awesome. Anything less then four stars is a travesty, this is the best chicken place hands down and this place needs to be supported. It's a bit pricey but it absolutely worth it. Do yourself a favor and head to this place, enjoy the food and leave happy because you will!
<review# 82,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2014,9/1/2014,34,49,1,9,6>I was surprised with Slate Street Cafe. I usually judge food based on if my boyfriend liked it or not. He's a pretty picky breakfast eater... he doesn't really like the frou-frou restaurants. That's what I expected this place to be like by the reviews, but it really wasn't.I had the carne breakfast. It was delicious with sunny side up eggs and the hash browns. My BF had the french toast... made with french bread. It was good. I'm not usually one for french toast, but I liked it here. Not too sweet or fried tasting.I'm looking forward to having dinner here sometime... went upstairs to check out the wine bar scene and it looked really nice. It has a great vibe to it.
<review# 83,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2014,8/31/2014,2726,418,5,5,6>You know when a local burger joint is great when you get off work and drive out of your way on your way home craving a beef taquito boat $2.45..Taco burger $1.35.. sm chili cheese frie $1.85..  ==  $5.65    I fear for what this might bring tomorrow with my stomach but its so well worth it ..   When im away out of town for long periods of time I crave this local burger joint.
<review# 84,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2014,8/29/2014,24,83,11,14,7>Last night the husband and I went to Monte Carlo Steak House.  We had a pretty good idea of what we were getting into, having read the reviews and driven by a couple times.  In Los Angeles we used to frequent a steakhouse called Billingsley's, on Sawtelle )yelp.com/biz/billingsley).  It was old, and a bit worn at the edges, with a long bar where you could have your dinner and a huge dining room with lots of old patched booths.  None of the wait staff had worked there for less than 30 years and the menu hadn't changed in all that time.  We went for the big prime rib, but other stuff was good too.  The cocktails were stiff and the clientele all regulars.We were looking for that in Albuquerque and we thought maybe we found it with the Monte Carlo.  We were right.  In front is a package liquor store, so we entered through the side door.  The sudden darkness was blinding after being outside, but then my eyes got used to it and I realized I was standing by the bar, and there was the guy who must belong to that yellow Harley parked right outside the door.  A really nice guy led us to a booth along the wall - it was the only table available, the place was packed.  They were super busy, but a nice lady came over and took our order with a smile.  Everything people have written about the food is correct.  The salad is unremarkable, the bake potato, while yummy, you could easily reproduce at home.  We didn't go there for those things, though.  If we wanted awesome sides and a sophisticated ambiance, we'd go back to Vernon's.  We went for the meat - and it was awesome!I had the prime rib special, medium rare.  It was perfect, lots of meat, just the right amount of fat, warm and pink.  Husband had the boneless rib eye, medium rare, and it was cooked to perfection.  I had a bite of both and I didn't know which I liked better.  I've had a lot of really good steak.  Ray's the Steaks in Washington DC, The Pacific Dining Car in Santa Monica, CA, The New York Steakhouse at the JW Marriott in Bangkok, Thailand ... I could go on (notice I didn't mention Ruth's Chris?  That cause they suck, I said it).  The prime rib and the rib eye at Monte Carlo were on par with all of those that I listed.  And ... here it comes ... the meat at Monte Carlo was better than the meat we had not too long ago at Vernon's.  Oh, snap!  Don't go to Monte Carlo for sides and salads and décor.  Go for the meat.  It will dance in your mouth.
<review# 85,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2014,8/28/2014,7,38,4,9,4>I love, love, love Heart+Soul, my stylist and the quality of service that I receive when I visit. When you walk in the door, you're greeted promptly and offered a beverage while you're waiting. I never have to wait more than a minute or two, if at all. I like to go for a cut and color, and usually schedule about two and a half hours total for the entire process. My color turns out great every time, very natural, and I get lots of compliments. You receive a scalp massage with the shampoo and conditioner (very relaxing!) as well as a blow-out at the end. I appreciate that Kayla doesn't try to style my hair in a way that I normally wouldn't - in the past, every salon I've gone to likes to flip my layers out, which I can't stand. I don't find that here, thankfully; just a great blow-out that lasts for days and makes me feel pampered. After one too many bad haircuts in the past, I'm very picky about how I have my hair cut, so when I find a stylist that "gets" my hair needs, I stick with them.The interior is clean and super trendy, and the price is reasonable compared to other salons - Heart+Soul only looks expensive!
<review# 86,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2014,8/27/2014,50,84,2,5,3>Barstow Park is a nice little strip of green with a covered gazebo, play area, and bicycle/walking path that continues on west past wyoming. It's too small for the soccer kiddies to take over, so it's almost always a calm and friendly area to hang out at.Great for a picnic or just throwing a ball around with your puppy.
<review# 87,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2014,8/26/2014,15,103,5,6,4>Downtown's best kept secret  Sure, it seems kind of dumpy - but it's not.  The staff is fantastic and friendly, and they get to know you by name real easy if you come in a couple times. They have a solid rotation of soups (I recommend Tuesday - jalapeño lobster bisque) that are fantastic.  Their sandwiches are fantastic, and the pastries are great.  Every sandwich gets a chocolate chip, which I would easily kill for.We make a point to make a trip here at least once a week for lunch, and you should too.
<review# 88,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2014,8/25/2014,55,73,5,6,5>There are two major reasons to come to Shade Tree, as far as I can see... When you are feeling worn down (or hung over), there's great food that's the right balance of bad and gooooooood. And for Southerners (especially those nursing broken hearts or homesickness), who want to enjoy their cultural food traditions with a side of fresh veggies. Oh, and I guess there's a third reason too... The food is solid and the people are great. It's a touch loud. But just a touch. Rock on Shade Tree. I'll see you again!
<review# 89,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2014,8/24/2014,144,168,4,9,8>Cafe Bien has a lot of potential, which is exhibited in their menu and how it's presented at the table. Like many casual, local restaurants, you wait in line to order, then sit down and have your meal delivered to your table. They clearly are having fun. Many examples abound. Instead of offering up a free basket of tortilla chips and salsa when you sit down, they offer up whole, flat, fried tortillas, which diners then break up and dip in a blended pico de gallo. Their Green Chile Stew seems to have more spices than what one usually finds in this traditional New Mexican stew, and it still has the usual punch to it, too. If you order the cup instead of the bowl, it's a generous bowl size. Their bowl must be tremendous and for the truly hearty eater or for those wishing to share.They have a mix of cuisines here offering up New Mexican dishes along with, perhaps, more American cuisine. Their Grilled Chicken Club is nicely grilled and has a tasty mix of chicken, bacon, pepper jack cheese, guacamole and sprouts. It comes on a green chile cheddar bagel, which is mighty fine. They have a Fish & Chips made with blackened cod and shoestring French Fries. It comes with the usual accoutrements, catsup, vinegar, tartar sauce and lemon slices. The punch comes with the Sriracha sauce for added dipping pleasure. I haven't seen this before, so it's a nice creative touch, which goes along with keeping this dish hot and spicy, New Mexican style.They serve breakfast all day long, and have a solid selection, all with a creative touch, offered here. I tried their Vegan Hash, which was decent with it's mix of grilled asparagus, potatoes, leeks and tomatoes, along with cubed tofu. It's nicely spiced, but there was something about this dish which seemed a little lacking. For one, there didn't seem to be any Soy Rizo or green chile, which are highlighted on the menu. In this particular serving, there was a lot of asparagus, making it the main ingredient. I really could have done without that much. I love me some asparagus, but not that much. The addition of Soy Rizo, green chile, plus a wider variety of veggies would have brought a spark to this dish. The tofu didn't seem grilled, but was fine. Though grilling it would be tasty.Their other breakfast dishes are certainly ones to try, or at least, long to try. Though their Bacon & Eggs dish sounds pretty basic, it's anything but basic featuring brioche, poached eggs, pork belly, hollandaise sauce and a green chile potato pancake. The green chile potato pancake, alone, sounds like something to not be missed.They have several sweet, decadent dishes for breakfast, including their Crèpe Trio is made with vanilla, brown sugar,chocolate crèpes, warm salted pecans, crème anglaise and strawberry jam, while their Waffle is topped with a fresh berry compote and mascarpone cheese and a brown butter maple syrup. Their hotcakes are made with a molasses pancake batter (who wouldn't want to try this?) and is topped with honey-roasted walnuts, fresh bananas, peanut butter and maple syrup. And they have another truly hedonistic breakfast dish, the Breakfast Banana Split. It's made with bananas, mascarpone cheese, seasonal fruit compote, candied pineapple, chocolate syrup and assorted nuts. What a way to start your day, though breakfast is served throughout the day. Sign me up! I'll try one of each and deal with the diabetes later. If you're pressed for time, be sure to check out many of their dishes prepared in under 10 minutes, which they denote with a blue clock. They are Downtown and thinking of their Downtown business clientele. Once they get settled in, hopefully they will consider staying open well beyond 4 p.m., so those who live Downtown -- and who most definitely long for creative dinners -- can share in the fun, too.Cafe Bien is still working out the kinks, but it's definitely worth trying.
<review# 90,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2014,8/23/2014,51,42,3,7,4>For the past 10 years, my family has taken every animal we've had here. Whether it be major hip/shoulder replacements or just a simple ear draining; we have always been impressed with Hume.Dr. Hume and Dr. Hedberg are kind, honest, and take their time to care for your pet. I've never been scammed into paying a bunch of money for pointless tests either...like I have at other  places in town.I won't take my pets anywhere else!
<review# 91,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2014,8/22/2014,56,63,3,6,4>I've been to two Design by Wine events-it is my new favorite hobby. This is such a great thing to do alone, for a date, as a girl's night out, birthday parties, etc.  The staff is extremely friendly and helpful. The calendar on their website is easy to use. You just click on an open event and register using PayPal. Most events are $35.00 + tax. You can bring food and snacks to munch on during painting breaks. There are supply stations set up around the room to grab the needed paints and paintbrushes. The colors are organized by the number of squirts needed to get you started.  The paintings are done step by step using acrylic paints. The teacher models multiple times what to do, and gives suggestions of what colors to mix together. Design by Wine makes even the most novice (me) painter feel like a talented one. The atmosphere is fun and friendly. They always have a great playlist of music on and often time the 50+ painters will break out in song. If you choose you can also by a glass or bottle of wine to enjoy as you paint. There is a decent selection of wines ( from St. Clair) They are reasonably priced. This is a definite must-do activity to do in Albuquerque. The classes fill up quickly.
<review# 92,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2014,8/21/2014,15,30,4,8,8>"Beer good....wait a sec, beer EXCELLENT!" - GrogI am an experienced local brew drinker...but I have standards. Il Vicino brewers are on point. Keeping up with the demand and quality of beer is a hard feat for local places...and they just get better and better. I hope someday they can offer up some delicious beer in a can, but for now I am happy exchanging my money for this golden elixir at the canteen or in a growler to take home. Sitting in the canteen over a few beers and maybe some light nosh and good friends is a near perfect night here at Il Vicino...and they sometimes have live music too. Crowd is casual and seem to all be regulars. My preferred beers are IPA's and they are seriously good here...right now they have a black hops, wet mountain and a ryePA....excellent palate busters! I tried the brewers brat with chile and it was excellent too.
<review# 93,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/15/2014,8/20/2014,90,146,2,4,2>Some things never change! This place has been around for years and I was sad I didn't see Mickey at the door to greet us like back in college. lol  The beer selection is always on point and always have something new that you can't get at other bars.  Lots of pool tables and nats because of the large variety of plants that they have in the place.  Would return for a nice beer and game of pool.
<review# 94,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2014,8/19/2014,58,80,1,5,4>The Grove has quickly become an Albuquerque staple and trend setter. They source as much of their ingredients locally as possible and menu changes based on what is available. Everyone seems to have their favorite menu item and it's hard to go wrong. I cannot leave without a chocolate chip ginger cookie. You will be mad at yourself if you leave without one.
<review# 95,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2014,8/18/2014,34,77,1,7,4>Wow- I love a great sushi restaurant and want to thank my fellow yelpers who pointed this place out- what a pleasant surprise.The sushi was wonderful- I don't know how to describe it really- but I will say this- I prefer the rolls to have fish that is colder than room temperature. Frankly, there is probably a taste reason why it is served at room temperature but I do prefer it cooler. They accomplished this well.Next, most of the cover sauces are predictable and never really stand out- that was not the case here- we had two rolls and a few pieces of nigiri- the rolls were made well and generously. The accompanying sauces were really standouts- they made a great dinner over the top.Finally, the waitress was incredible and made sure everything was perfect- a wonderful dining experience and I will be back! You should go as well!
<review# 96,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2014,8/17/2014,65,120,4,7,4>I was going to go on Sunday but the parking lot was packed, so I decided nah and went to the liquor store instead.Tonight my buddy took me here because I did his taxes for free.Everything was good.  Actually very good.  It is what it is.  But for the cheap price you can't go wrong.  The service is very attentive.  Tonight my favorite things were the desserts.  A caramel cake, macarroon cookie, vanilla pudding.
<review# 97,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2014,8/16/2014,50,115,1,6,3>I LOVE this family-owned local coffee shop. The baristas are friendly and kind, the coffee is delicious, and the interior is spot-on.The espresso here really shines. Unfortunately I forget the specifics, but the owner told me that they use high-quality beans and press them in a certain way to produce an espresso that is smooth and mellow -- it should not leave you jittery or keep you awake with anxiety. I have been getting iced mochas, which are so refreshing. You can also buy iced drinks in a mason jar -- a sweet touch.The interior is beautifully decorated, with exposed ceiling beams, wooden furniture, and carefully-selected art. It does not get too loud, even when full of people, so you can easily carry on a private conversation. And with big windows in front, the interior stays sunny and bright. You can also sit outside on the sidewalk, right across the way from the Gertrude Zachary mansion.Zendo is definitely a top contender for Albuquerque's best coffee shop, so don't miss out on this local gem.
<review# 98,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2014,8/15/2014,52,86,2,7,4>It's hard to justify spending more than $10 on a salad... until you visit Vinaigrette. First off, this place has character. The atmosphere is very retro chic, not at all what you'd expect in good ol' Albuquerque. The menu is extensive and has everybody covered, even the pickiest of eaters. Personally, I'm not a fan of fancy salads. I don't like nuts or strawberries mucking up my ranch and bacon bits. Vinaigrette seems to get this, because while they do have fruity, nutty salads, they also have strictly savory ones for those of us who are a bit more traditional in our tastes. This is a refreshingly different place you won't feel guilty about visiting. It's healthy, it's tasty... definitely a place to put on your to-try list.
<review# 99,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2014,8/14/2014,39,137,1,4,7>Growing up  on the Westside of town, I've always hoped for a place like this to open, so needless to say I was very pleased to hear that Stumbling Steer was coming to town! Upon entering, there is a rustic, yet cozy vibe you get. From the lighting to the wood paneled walls, no detail was left behind. I particularly enjoyed the cow skull lighting in the back and in the bar area-very cool! What used to be the old Quarters BBQ is now a newly remodeled and much more open restaurant and gastro pub. I cannot speak for the beers (unfortunately I haven't tried them yet), but the specialty cocktails I have had (the Black Widow), were very good! The bar tenders here are true mixologist and know what they're doing. On Sunday's they often have a specialty cocktail or Bloody Mary (bartender's concoction) that is unique yet satisfying to almost any palate. I've tried quite a few things on the menu, and my favs have to be the Brussel Spouts and the Steer Burger-- so good! After reading several of the other not so great comments about the quality of food, I must say I beg to differ. After speaking with the chef himself on opening night, he assured us that ALL of the food on the menu is prepared from scratch using high quality ingredients. NO FROZEN crap! The Steer is open late and serves up quality food and drinks, something that is so RARE anywhere on the Westside. Needless to say, I'm happy they opened and can only hope they're here to stay :)
<review# 100,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2014,8/13/2014,32,140,2,8,3>Well the decision of getting LASIK was one of the best ones I've made in my life. Now my vision is 20/20, before I had to wear glasses and looked freaking dorky and nerdy not that there's anything wrong with those types of personalities. I embrace them. The consultation was free of charge, it was long one so be sure you have about 2 hours or so and ask them a lot of questions. He is very nice and personable. His sister who's the business manger was professional and accommodating. The procedure was little to pain free. You come in and they do what they do and voila 24 hours later your eye sights are perfect again. Just don't do what I did, I misheard and took 2 sleeping pills instead of one so they kinda had to basically carry me into the procedural room rather than most patients who can walk in on their own. Also kinda nice since they do ask you to come back periodically to check your eyes and make sure the procedure was successfully performed. It's been 2 years since I got mine done and not a single regret! My little bro came to him and had his eyes done, too. He's one of the best in ABQ!!! Woot woot.
<review# 101,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2014,8/12/2014,78,113,5,10,5>I went here two days in a row....I LOVE IT! Pricey...yes...but I thought it was worth it. First night I went to try it out, had a small Pineapple sorbet...delicious! They really pack it in the container you buy. 2nd night, I took my daughter so she could try it too. I sampled several flavors, but once again was drawn to Pineapple but asked for the Coconut gelato mixed with it. MMMMM!! Tropical paradise on my tastebuds! I loved it and it's now my favorite dessert! My daughter tried several as well and settled on Bubble Gum gelato, which has actual pieces of bubble gum in it, and Berry Cabernet which does have a subtle wine flavor. Her mixture was odd, but still really tasty. I spent $10 for two, one medium and one large. Service is very friendly and helpful - A+! They also offer coffee sweetened drinks, and what looks like BonBons type of gelato treats. Outdoor seating and indoor seating. I'll definitely go back...just not 3 days in a row!
<review# 102,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2014,8/11/2014,3,2,2,5,3>These guys are great! I didnt wanna go out for lunch so ordered my pizza at home from Grubhub. They have a minimum order of only $10 and no delivery fees on Grubhub which is really a good thing if you're on a budget. I only ordered for a 2 topping pizza (bell peppers and onions) with no meat and it was still great. The crust is just the right amount of crispy and soft and they werent stingy with the cheese. I would definitely order from here again
<review# 103,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2014,8/10/2014,4,35,2,4,4>I've heard if this place from some of my friends since I moved here 9 years ago. This little bar rocks. Live music and good service. I'll definitely be heading back over here with some of my Buddy's on our bikes. Good trip from Albuquerque and an even sweeter destination. Rock on Molly's ... rock on!
<review# 104,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2014,8/9/2014,24,18,3,9,3>Here's what I like, and what I don't about RRAC.PRO 1) They have 2 water slides, and, as opposed to some pools I've seen, instead being afraid you'll slide down and land on top of an unsuspecting swimmer who made the mistake of getting too close to the slides, at RRAC you come out into a smaller pool that is completely separate from the recreational pool.  This area is strictly dedicated to the slides, and that combined with the staff member that is always at the head of the slides monitoring the flow of slide traffic makes for a much safer, and more enjoyable experience for swimmers, and sliders alike.PRO 2) As I mentioned in my tip, you can buy a punch card for $30.  Each card gets you 15 admissions to any open swim session, and is good for 90 days from the date of purchase.  This card is totally shareable, meaning it can be used by the same, or multiple people, and offers a substantial savings over the regular open swim entry fee.  If you're having a party, have multiple kids, or just plan to be at the pool a lot, the punch card provides an excellent value for the $$.PRO 3) Separate lap, and recreation pools.  The lap pool is deeper, includes a diving board and 6 or 7 pedestals to jump from if you prefer that to the board.  The recreational pool is about the same size as the lap pool, but while the lap pool is square, the recreational pool is not.  While it is still one big pool, its shape lends itself to a division of sections, allowing it to serve a variety of purposes, depending on your interest.  The recreational pool ranges in depth, from a few inches, up to approx 4 feet.  For the very small kids there's a slide in the shape of a frog located in the section that's probably not more than a foot deep, and a few feet over from that is an upright pole holding 5 buckets that fill with water, and tip over onto the delighted swimmers below.  On the deeper end is a basket that sits on the edge of the pool and is usually used by older kids, teenagers and/or adults for playing basketball.  The recreational pool is even big enough that they have 3 lap lanes sectioned off from the rest of the pool.  This is good for those who want to swim laps, but may not be comfortable in the lap pool.CON 1) The water in both pools is COLD, with the lap pool being around 79 degrees (F), and considerably colder than the recreational pool.  And while that's not uncommon for public pools, it can make a big impact on the pleasure one derives from playing in an indoor pool.  We've been going to the RRAC for several years, and my now 10 year daughter has come out with blue lips pretty much every time we've been there.CON 2) The curtains used to ensure privacy for the 4 changing stalls, and the 1/2 dozen or so individual showers are falling apart.  Some have broken rings, others have tears in the curtains themselves where they're supposed to attach to the rings.  The showers themselves run on short timers (approx 1 minute before having to restart the water again), and the water temp can range from too cold, to far too hot (even for an adult), depending on the day, and even on the particular stall.  They're not always the cleanest locker rooms either, there's often hair accumulated on the floor, and around the drains, and with only 1 trash can (not counting the canisters mounted in the toilet stalls), there is occasionally trash on the floor as well.  This gives the locker rooms a feeling of disrepair, and the impression that the city doesn't really care enough about the facility to make sure it's run properly.  Considering that this is the condition of the women's locker room, I'd hate to see what the men's looks like.CON 3) The pool area smells VERY strongly of chlorine.  It has been like that every time we've been there, so I don't think it's a fluke, or one time mismeasurement, it's just the way the pool is.  I don't really have experience with other indoor pools, so I don't know if this is just what happens when you put a pool this size in an enclosed space, or if it's specific to this pool, but I find my eyes are usually irritated, and my nose bothered by the time we leave.CON 4)  This place gets super busy on the weekends, and you can run into a situation where you may have to wait to get in.  Be aware of that when making plans, and consider calling ahead to see what the capacity is like.  I don't think you can do a call ahead and put your name on the list sort of thing, but at least you'll know what you're getting into before you go.Overall the RRAC is a fun place to spend a few hours.  It's reasonably inexpensive as entertainment goes, and the water slides can bring out the kid inside you that you probably forgot existed.  If you're in the RR area, and you're looking for a good way to cool off and kill some time, I recommend giving them a shot, I don't think you'll be disappointed.
<review# 105,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2014,8/8/2014,1,16,2,3,2>There's never been a time when I wasn't pleased by the staff at AI. Every time someone mentions a gaming place, it's AI's name that pops up. They've been helpful and know their stuff. And if they don't have what you want, they'll either order it or point you in the right direction. I've been through basically every incarnation of the store and every single one has been a gem. I tried the gaming area for the first time tonight and it was glorious. I had tons of fun and the other people were all very nice. Chairs could be a bit more comfortable, but it's understandable that they're not as that would cost a ton. Overall, great experience and a lot of fun!
<review# 106,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2014,8/7/2014,193,90,5,6,5>Oh Yelp Events of an Elite nature and the common Yelp'r as well.Tractor Brewery, Howie K, The Blackout Theatre, and the other Yelp'r types are oh-so-gracious!  A well organized event indeed. A tour, mingling, beer, and a commemorative  glass... Along with Yelp swag. Oh yes!Being a non-IPA kind of guy I'm amazed at the flavor of their YPA. It was surprisingly tasty.The tour, the tour with Hansel was  wünderbar and he promoted Tractor's Brew quite awesomely.Now, The Black Out Theatre gave a fantastic rendition of Yelp reviews, and I will say I had many a giggle whilst here. Many a giggle.All and all, a great start to many Yelp Events to come. Keep holding it down with the local flavor Yelp. Keep holding it down, and I'll be there the next time around.A big thanks to wonderful people and a wonderful event.
<review# 107,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2014,8/6/2014,47,245,2,8,4>Any place where I can get khao soi and eat it in the sunshine is my kind of place! I came here on a whim for lunch one day, and was very impressed with their menu. The food is good, and their menu is highly customizeable. It's been hard for me to eat a lot of Asian food since learning that I had a rice allergy, but I found a number of options that were safe and appealing. I have  traveled a good bit in Southeast Asia and crave many of the street food dishes I enjoyed there. This place isn't 100% authentic, but it comes close enough. The service is friendly, the decor is cool (very much reminds me of places I visited in Thailand, Cambodia, and Vietnam), and the price is right. Get some good eats, a Thai tea, and enjoy the patio. It makes for a great lunch break when I have been working hard.
<review# 108,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/5/2014,8/5/2014,62,114,5,7,2>Eh I'm going to use one of my husband's favorite sayings and say that this place was mediocre at best. If you're in the mood for pizza and don't feel like waiting for it to be delivered or bake it yourself, then Wise Pies is the place to go. The whole idea of it is great and you can get any toppings you want for a reasonable price, however if you take the family and your husband doesn't get full on just one tiny pizza then you're probably better of going to another pizza joint. For a family of four we each got a pizza and drinks and my husband ordered a salad on the side we ended up paying close to 40.00. I think I'll probably keep baking my own pizza  awhile just cause I'm cheap like that.
<review# 109,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2014,8/4/2014,8,52,3,8,5>While I'm sad to see Paddy Rawal's Om go away, this place is certainly ready to make its own mark on the restaurant scene in Los Ranchos.  I had a vegetarian lunch special sampler plate that came with channa masala, navratan kirma, dhal, saag paneer, rice, naan, and rice pudding. We also had some interesting Nepalese appetizers: veggie dumplings and a very savory chicken and puffed rice dish. I noticed lots of interesting things on the menu we will have to try next time (salmon vindaloo? oh, yes!). Service was friendly and efficient. Decor is pleasantly spartan and the overall atmosphere is chill.
<review# 110,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2014,8/3/2014,52,169,2,7,5>The Paseo del Bosque Trail is such a hidden gem that so many people don't even know exists.  The trail runs from Alameda all the way down to Rio Bravo and connects with several other east-west trails (Paseo del Norte, Montano, I-40, and Mountain Rd.).  It's extremely well-maintained and easy to ride since it's very flat.  Although there are lots of cyclists and runners near the main trailheads, everyone is pretty courteous and shares the trail.  If you haven't already, check out this trail!  Stay to the right and don't litter.
<review# 111,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2014,8/2/2014,41,39,4,7,5>It is all about the lunch here for me! I haven't had the pleasure of dining here for dinner but hopefully that will be in my near future. My husband and I have been going to lunch here for years its our special treat. We go for the burgers. They are magnificent. Just beautiful. The beef is super juicy, tender, and flavorful. I always get the mushroom swiss burger. You can't beat it, and for 12$ that is not bad for such a quality meal. The fries are always super crispy and nice. I always order a side of horseradish ranch to dip. Do it, it will be the best decision you have ever made in your life. One time by burger was over cooked and the management and waiter did everything in their power to make sure that it was corrected. My burger was comped, they brought me a small salad while I was waiting and they also gave us dessert. Now if that is correcting a problem with grace I don't know what is. All the desserts are excellent! I will post some pictures for you! I will come back and rate this place 5 stars after I have tried their dinner. Hopefully it won't disappoint!
<review# 112,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2014,8/1/2014,8,66,4,3,3>I'm a bit of a club snob when it comes to traveling.  I've got the status on my flight carrier and use the clubs often on all my travel.  I'm a frequent global traveler so I also have global entry and TSA pre-check.  Althought being a frequent traveler and having a pretty quick system to unload liquids and computers, I was VERY happy when ABQ Sunport got the TSA pre-check line.  This also means that I have less of a wait to the gate and means I can get to the airport later.  Tips about the airport:1) free wifi - not the fastest but at least its something and free2) they are improving the food and store options, so there are now more places to eat at3) staff is pretty friendly and I haven't had any problems with wheelchair service, food staff, or desk service.  *Yes, I did travel internationally after an ankle surgery and walked around on crutches.4) lots of outlets, so you don't have to fight over themI'll add more and update as I get more :)
<review# 113,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2014,7/31/2014,151,116,5,15,6>Holy smokes you guys!  I found a winner here...fresh, buttery fish prepared with care and at reasonable prices!  This is now my favorite place to get sushi in ABQ.  The salmon sashimi is a good portion, much of it was belly, at 8.95.  They have lunch special rolls, any two of those listed on the chalkboard for 9.95 until 3 pm.  I also tried the scallop nigiri, which was ridiculously succulent and sweet, faintly reminiscent of the sea.  Hamachi nigiri was also excellent.  Spicy tuna was decent and yellowtail roll had a nice sprinkling of scallion.  Service was prompt, attentive, and friendly.
<review# 114,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2014,7/30/2014,65,34,6,7,7>Allow me to preface this review by saying, NO, I am NOT giving Blackbird five stars. At all. If you need to know why, you have either never been to Blackbird before, or you are like BFFs with the owners or something. This is not a place you go if you're wanting to be impressed by anything--drinks, food, ambience--and nothing about that has changed.That being said, this is a five star review for the service I received last night from Cherice. Y'all, Cherice was the ONLY person working the bar AND the floor AND the patio for a good chunk of happy hour yesterday, and I swear, you would have never known it. She showed up and took drink and food orders, delivered them accurately, and was hella accommodating to me and my party when we moved inside from the porch, because hi, it's still technically winter and we were cold. And! She separated our checks without being a dick about it.This is a far, far cry from the type of aloof, couldn't-give-a-fuck-about-you-so-I'm-checking-my-­Tumblr-instead pseudo ingenues that are typically waiting on me at Blackbird. This was service from someone who is obviously a professional, and who obviously gives a fuck about her tips.Cherice, you have restored a shred of faith in my general grumpiness about having to go to Blackbird when it's suggested, and if you're there when I am, you're always going to be my first choice of sections to sit in. And I will always tip you what you're worth. Keep it up. (And also, your outfit was totally cute.)
<review# 115,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2014,7/29/2014,14,52,5,5,4>The Grill is a little mom and pop place on Menaul. They are very family oriented and make you feel at home. The owner personally meets and takes the time to get to know his customers. They make their burgers from fresh ground beef and grill them on an actual BBQ grill. They have 3 sizes of burgers. The papa burger looks huge! They make homemade salsa daily, and it's on their condiment bar with chips. I would only make one recommendation to the owners... I would love to have seen some homemade French fries to go with everything. The fries they had seemed like typical frozen ones. Overall, I enjoyed this place a lot.
<review# 116,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2014,7/28/2014,3,17,5,5,4>This is a very tasty burger! I love the bacon grease dripping off the elbow. Cheese fries are delicious. The place itself is really cool with lots of Johnny Tapia stuff all over. Plus I like the IPad register setup, to me it's a really modern touch. I will return to this location, and would recommend that everyone tries it at least once.
<review# 117,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2014,7/27/2014,292,11,6,11,6>Reflexology Albuquerque is also known as Precise Solutions. Dr. Eva Sanchez is a reflexologist and Naturopath.Benefits Of Reflexology:Reflexology promotes balance and normalization of the body naturally. Reflexology reduces stress and brings about relaxation. This relaxation in turn improves circulation and the delivery of oxygen and nutrients to the cells. This improves the body's ability to heal itself. Other benefits of reflexology include; improved immune system, increased energy and stamina levels, more restful sleep and improved digestion and elimination.Reflexology is a science of using specific touch technique of applying pressure, using your thumb and fingers, to reflex points of the feet and hands. Each foot has over 7,200 nerve endings (reflexes), 26 bones, 107 ligaments, and 19 muscles. A typical treatment includes applying pressure to specific reflex points that have relations to each and every organ and all parts of the body. This type of therapy creates a physiological change in the body by naturally improving your circulation, which reduces your body tension.I personally think reflexology is beneficial and very relaxing.Dr. Eva Sanchez also offers high quality herbs from Nature's Sunshine along with essential oils.
<review# 118,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2014,7/26/2014,24,53,4,5,4>I didn't come here to talk about all the exotic and ethnic foods they sell here or to gripe about some of the more pricey items. No, I came to talk about red beans. I LOVE red bean dessert items. LOVE them. And unless you're getting sushi, you need a good specialty market like this to find them. They fresh bake daily all kinds of lovely treats. My only complaint is that they don't make more. Seriously, I've gone in at 1 pm and they're already out of the sesame red bean paste balls (delicious!) the good news is that they also have frozen red bean items (red bean ice cream, read bean dumplings) My husband would like me to add that they have a really great variety of hard to find sodas. The selection is wild and you can find flavors you won't get anywhere else.
<review# 119,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2014,7/25/2014,56,108,,7,6>Great staff, very minimal waiting time...I'm talking like 10 minutes (tops) till it's your turn to be seen. Given, they're medical peeps, but they make it a point to be thorough and informative when they come to a diagnosis conclusion, answer the bazillion questions you have and even do a follow up call a few days later to see how you're doing. I normally go to Presbyterian over on San Mateo, but their customer care doesn't even register on the same planet as these folks. So, if you're ever in need of some medical attention, go to this location :)
<review# 120,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/4/2014,7/24/2014,88,190,6,10,6>Great live band, cheap drinks & it was just a blast to watch everyone dancing. I came here for the bull ride & was disappointed to find out they no longer had it. But if country is your thing, definitely a great place to come & dance.
<review# 121,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2014,7/22/2014,125,201,5,6,7>This was a lot of fun!! Major props all around for this event! I had no idea going in that we were making our own chocolate truffles. Embracing our creative side, we mixed in different spices or other items. Once again Howie organized a great event!!! :) Way to go Howie!
<review# 122,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2014,7/21/2014,70,115,1,8,3>This is my favorite restaurant in Albuquerque! Wild, I know! I love the chicken pad thai with cellophane noodles and the spring rolls. The pineapple curry is spot on too. I can walk here from my house and call in my order on my way. The owners and waitress are so nice and it feels like an extension of my dining room!
<review# 123,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2014,7/20/2014,122,177,1,7,4>I am trying to catch up on some reviews and I realized I haven't reviewed the tap room yet.  I frequent the Marble Westside tap room just about twice a week.  One of the reasons is that I live across the street from the place.  This isn't the reason I love Marble brewing.  I love craft beer.  When you live on the West side your craft brew options are limited.  The beers are the same you get at that downtown brewery.  Although due to the size of the tap room and limited number of taps, we don't get all the beers all the time.  They do their best to keep the rotation going.  This place can also get really packed.  Packed to the point that you are enjoying your beer while standing in the middle of the room.  I know I am just going on an on on the ambience and the space other than the beers.  Don't worry I will get to them.  The reason I have always liked this place was the staff.  If you enjoy craft beer then you have visited other breweries in town.  Most of the staff in other breweries can be a bit surely.  Which is unnecessary if you ask me.  A good example would be that known brewery on Girard, I won't say the name, but you know how rude the staff can be.  The staff at this tap room is the complete opposite.  The are friendly and don't look like they hate their job.  They treat everyone with great service and not just the regulars.  Now on to the beers.  They always have the regulars on tap and then they rotate the seasonal brews.  Roughly about 4-6 on tap.  Marble beers are solid beers.  If you are a hop head and enjoy a good IPA, then the red ale and double IPA are the way to go.  If you don't want some hoppy and then a good one is the Wildflower wheat with is a wheat beer, duh!  The amber is a solid ale with a good malt profile.  The regular stout is  great too.  I won't  go into the seasonal brews.  You can't go wrong with any seasonal brews on tap.  If you live on the west side and have't been here.  First, why not? and second, hurry up!  If you are n the area and love Marble Brewing then expect to get great service from a friendly staff.  Cheers!
<review# 124,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2014,7/19/2014,69,171,3,7,6>Do not walk out that door without taking a loaf of challah with you!  Ok, I started that way just in case you only read one line.... I love this place.  I think the food and atmosphere are fantastic.  The owner is your classic Jewish mother like a Susie Essman. I had the pastrami and eggs with stoneground mustard.  It was good and hardy.  I tried my wife's matzo ball soup.  It comes with two huge matzo balls in chicken soup - terrific and hardy.  I ate my kid's latke since they were not interested.  I'll be coming back as much as possible.
<review# 125,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2014,7/18/2014,81,210,7,10,6>Ok, people....the reviews talking about the "burnt" pizza are driving me freakin' nuts. It's not burnt...there is char on the pizza because it's wood fired! The menu even addresses this so don't knock stars off and complain because you don't know what wood fired pizza looks like and didn't read the menu! Grrrr...OK, so my rant-y part is over. The pizza is super delicious. We tried the Bianca and the Fungi and holy cow--that mushroom pizza blew my dang mind. They've also got a number of local brews on tap which is always appreciated. It was a bit cramped and pretty busy and bustling with people, but as long as you go with that in mind it shouldn't be an issue.We'll definitely be back.
<review# 126,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2014,7/17/2014,42,124,2,7,4>As others have mentioned, a bit of room for improvement on the beer selection, and yes, it IS freezing cold in there (bring two jackets, one for you and one for your date....you'll score mega brownie points!), but all in all it's a reasonable spot to relax with no stress or crowd. Food trucks are becoming more regular here, with Nomad's BBQ the best of the bunch, dang that pulled pork sandwich goes great w/ an IPA!    Number one reason to come here is the lack of crowd, so keep that in mind if everywhere else is crowded or you just feel like relaxing some evening, this is certainly the spot to do it.
<review# 127,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2014,7/16/2014,57,110,4,13,10>What I just realized that i have been here so many times, but I have never ever bothered to review this place!1) Services is always good and it helps that you frequent the place enough where the owner recognizes you and greets you.2) Their various different noodle soups are amazing. I enjoy coming here whenever I have a Beef Noodle Soup Craving. Note, this is not Pho, it is authentic Taiwanese Beef Noodle Soup.3) When with a big group order off of the Paper menu. My husband and I do not like Americanized Chinese food. Don't ask us why, we just don't. That is why we order from the paper menu. The dishes on there are amazing!This is one of the best places we can go for Chinese food if we ever leave our house to go. This is not California nor any other big city, so I know they do the best that they can with the ingredients to make it.  And Yes I am Chinese from Taiwan and I go here when I feel homesick for Taiwanese Food.
<review# 128,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2014,7/15/2014,76,131,4,10,5>I finally found the real deal. I only got to try a couple of tacos, but those tacos have made a big impression, not only on my mind, but on my palate. The little salsa bar also had good salsa fresco and a spicy one that I put on my tacos, which made them even more amazing. I had the carnitas and the carne asada tacos. The tortillas were perfect, the meat delectable. My tongue did a happy little dance and thanked me several minutes later. My husband tried the chorizo and longuinesa, and he really enjoyed them as well. They were $1.75 each. You can't beat that! The place was packed, which only means good things to me.There was several agua fresas available and I had to try the traditional horchata. And I'm so glad I did, so creamy, sweet, cinammony and wonderful. I have dreamed of it on a hot day.If you're white and don't mind a few stares, come on in. We won't bite.(hey that rhymed)
<review# 129,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2014,7/14/2014,44,107,1,20,11>Angels Nails is wonderful, certainly the best pedi I've enjoyed in the 505.When you arrive you're given a menu of choices for aromas and scrubs that are included in your treatment.  I look forward to trying the various options from rosemary to peppermint on future visits.  Paraffin and a hot stone massage are also included.  All of this and the cost is only a few dollars higher than other places in town which is amazing considering the salon is also super clean with lovely relaxing decor and has friendly staff.  And in case you need one more reason to visit, Angels Nails is family owned and operated!
<review# 130,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2014,7/13/2014,33,137,1,7,4>CASH ONLY!! I finally tried this place and was not disappointed. Stopped in on a Saturday afternoon and stayed behind with my kids while my husband ran to the credit union to get some cash. I ordered (can't remember what it's called) a meal with three meats and three sides. We ordered brisket, sausage, and ribs as well as fried okra, mac and cheese, and fried cabbage (they were out of collards, unfortunately). We each got a soda or bottled water (yes, it was Kmart brand, as another reviewer noted, though there were also Hawaiian Punches and Diet Coke). This cost $31.We waited a while for our food (the owner had a 100-piece fried catfish order to fulfill),  but because of the wait he gave us two additional kinds of meat--chicken and chipped or sort-of pulled pork. It was SO MUCH FOOD. Wow. The BBQ sauce was awesome and all the food was excellent--not dried out at all. Maybe super salty (I think I may just eat less salt than the average joe because I'm always remarking on this at restaurants), but quite good. The fried cabbage was really sautéed cabbage in some sort of sauce and I liked it a lot. The meal came with moist, slightly sweet cornbread--the only way I like it. The one thing I didn't care for was the mac and cheese--it was like what I think Velveeta and shells must be except it had garlic powder or something. My kids liked it, though. I loved that the homemade BBQ sauce came in a Crown Royal bottle (see pic). Sorry I didn't get a picture of the enormous meal. Maybe next time.Peppers is really great and I'll definitely give them another go. The owner said it was dead the day before, so do the nice guy and your taste buds a favor--stop in and give it a try!BTW, I'm wavering between 4 and 5 stars, but am going with the 5 to support the nice owner and the small business.
<review# 131,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2014,7/12/2014,34,55,2,8,4>I've been here twice now. The atmosphere here is weird but I will say, it's nice that this place isn't super packed. We stopped in to catch a World Cup game because two fools, our normal stomping grounds for all things football, was already overflowing. We weren't expecting much because our first experience here was pretty whatever and lackluster. However. I checked yelp before ordering. My husband had the off-the-bench burger and I had the fettuccine alfredo. So delicious. By far some of the best "bar food" around. We also were sat in some really comfortable plush chairs and we were right in front of a flat screen. It was awesome. It felt like a fancy private showing of the game almost. I think I preferred the half empty bar over our usual sports scene, which is albeit more exciting but also more socially exhausting. We will probably stop in to catch a few more games here in the future! Our service was ok, but I've noticed both times that the staff has no sense of urgency. As a former server, I know one of the most important parts of your job is to hustle, and these girls were just...meandering. My only complaint.
<review# 132,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2014,7/11/2014,69,414,3,4,4>I finally had a chance to come and eat at Ironwood Kitchen after a buddy of mine who was always ranting and raving about this place. I came here for dinner on a Friday night after having a few beers at Marble. Ironwood offered a simple menu that offered breakfast all day which was pretty cool. I went ahead and got there burger I was told they were well known for and I was glad I did. The burger was huge and cooked perfectly. I also liked there homemade fries. Some other items I have tried here were there Frito Pies which were also another favorite of mine. There enchiladas were ok but not worth getting the next time around.
<review# 133,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2014,7/10/2014,27,66,6,10,6>This place had me at FREE BIKE VALET! I ride my bike everywhere in this town, and my biggest concern (aside from safety) is where to securely lock up my bike and prevent theft (stresses me out!!). This place had a free bike valet with attendants watching your bike the whole time! LOVE IT!  I was very impressed with the number of vendors they had. I love to support local everything, and this is definitely the place to do that. Local art, jewelry, music, food trucks, produce, honey, tortillas, horchata... and the list goes on and on. This is a great venue! I've always loved the old railyard buildings, and I'm glad the city (and generous volunteers) have cleaned them up and done something great with them. Go out and support this effort. I know I'll be back (with a basket on my bike to take home goodies) !
<review# 134,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2014,7/9/2014,17,149,5,9,6>I'm sitting in this park as I write this review. It's 9:06pm and my two dogs are enjoying having free range of the park. This park is open from 6 am to 10pm and is lighted for when it is dark. There are buckets here for the dogs to drink out of and a water spout. There is a combo of turf, wood chips and dirt and has a good amount of trees throughout. There are some benches and plastic patio chairs to sit on for the humans or the dogs who think they are human. I'm pretty impressed and will be back. Also I just heard the seals over at the zoo. Pretty great!!!
<review# 135,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/26/2014,7/8/2014,33,177,1,7,3>Best carne adovada in town. The BEST. Let that sink in. As the unofficial state dish, not to mention my personal favorite, that is a serious accolade. But, that culinary prowess at New Mexico's most cherished and traditional dish is somewhat at odds with the posh, trendy, coffee-house feel of the interior and, unfortunately, the mostly average offerings from the rest of the menu.Cocina Azul's menu offers both New Mexican standards and diner standards with a New Mexican twist. Alongside your carna adovada, enchiladas, or tacos, you can get a sopapilla pizza or tortilla burger. While the latter are interesting options, Cocina Azul does a better job sticking to tradition. The boast a good green chile and an excellent red, making their smothered options a real treat. Especially, the carne adovada. They marinate that stuff for something like 24 hours before slow-cooking it, making it incredibly tender and juicy, and they serve it in a moderately spicy, decadent red chile. It truly is the best I've ever had.While the rest of the menu takes a backseat to the carne adovada, it's all good. Chile relleno, posole, tacos, sopapillas, you name it, it's all good. Especially, if you opt for the red. The ingredients are noticeably fresh and expertly prepared, just a little dull. My chile relleno, for example, was perfectly crispy and held up well under the sauce, but lacked the peppery, spicy flavor of the truly great ones. Mostly, it was just really cheesy. Sadly, the sides, like calabacitas, fideos, beans, and papas, are fairly mediocre.What really kills me about this place is the prices. They are consistently 4 or 5 dollars more than other New Mexico eateries. While, I can justify that for the carne adovada, the other entrees I've tried simply don't warrant the price. For less money, I can get better food elsewhere. Frankly, I felt like a lot of my money was going towards the hip interior and the primo location more than towards the mostly average food and stand-offish service.
<review# 136,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/20/2014,7/7/2014,23,106,3,7,2>Tasty cupcakes, great little cupcakery.  My kids loved their cupcakes.  I liked mine, but the frosting was a little too rich.  I would definitely go back, and try different flavors.  I thought it was a little pricey- 4 cupcakes for $14 (or maybe I'm just cheap).
<review# 137,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2014,7/6/2014,145,67,5,9,5>Da Vinci's Gourmet Pizza earned its place in my stomach for its nifty owner, nice employees, good location, tasty food, and generosity.  Although I cannot recall the owner's name, he always recognizes me when I walk in the doors, and he always is patient with me if I cannot decide on a meal right away.  I've enjoyed their pizzas, the breakfast calzone, desserts, coffee, and tea -- but of course not all at once!  I frequent this pie place because if I am working just down the street on any given day, it is a convenient walk for me to pick up a super reasonably priced slice of heaven.  Don't let the price be the only driving factor because I really feel like the food tastes way more great than what they ask for.  For example I bought a combo slice of pizza for $2.66 today (but I feel it is worth five bucks).  Reasonable, huh?  Especially since the schools charge teachers $3.20 per lunch.  And, if you are not in the mood for food, you can buy any espresso drink or simply have a fountain bubbly beverage.  Some mornings all I get is a drink.  I require caffeine.  It's a good thing I can get as much as I need at da Vinci's [ dvgp.com ].   I must say that da Vinci's supports the surrounding schools by hosting fundraiser nights.  Thank you da Vinci's for your generous support of our public schools!  You are very much appreciated.  For all this and more this business has earned all of it's stars.  High FIVE!
<review# 138,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/17/2014,7/5/2014,50,75,3,7,3>The idea of sushi and juicing is great but I am not sure they do a great job promoting it. The sushi selection is pretty decent, but I am not a full-blown fan. I like the variety of  juices they have and their daily specials are great deals to catch if you are in the area and wanna eat for under 10 bucks. From the couple of times I've been there the staff is just not interactive or even welcoming. I mean the bar is pretty close to the door and no one acknowledges you when you enter. One thing that stood out from one of my visits, was when I was in the area about a month ago and my husband and I decided to stop by for dinner. It was about 5:;30 when a lady told us they were closed. The sign outside said "open" and their times on Yelp and their home page said they were open on a Saturday till 9. That was pretty disappointing, since I looked it up to confirm. Once I told her that the websites said "Open" she said they haven't updated their winter hours. I was pretty discouraged to go back, but since it's close to my job its just so easy to stop by.
<review# 139,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2014,7/4/2014,157,655,1,6,8>Update is really in order for my Marble review. Although I'm most partial to La Cumbre and spend much more time there than here, Marble really is a great brewery that creates a lot of good brews and consistently experiments with different styles. As far as their special brews, I'd say they even have La Cumbre beat, both in the frequency with with which they produce these new, interesting beers, and the sheer breadth of styles they encompass. I'm a huge fan of the 111 Farmhouse Ale, a saison spiked with brettanomyces, for it's tart, sour qualities while still retaining smooth drinkability for the summer months. The Imperial Stout is a behemoth at 13%, but the alcohol is very well-disguised and the bourbon, oak and vanilla notes that blend with the dark roasted malt are a true treat. Ditto the Black Magic Pumpkin, which like the name suggest is a pumpkin beer with bourbon notes and heavy dark malts providing some chocolate and coffee flavor. Damn good, as was the tamer Pumpkin Noir and Pumpkin Ale, which all came out around the same time this past fall (2013). Other special brews I've loved over the past two years have been: Stout Americano, Imperial Red, Thunder from Dortmunder, and Le Peche. But I shouldn't discount Marble's regular lineup, as there are plenty of gems to be found here as well. The Pilsner and Wildflower Wheat are perfect beers for the summer months. The Oatmeal Stout and Red Ale and both excellent representations of their respective styles, and the IPA is a reliable beer anytime of year. I also love the patio at Marble and the food trucks and performances that can be found there year round. They're just another part of the allure here. My only qualm with Marble is that space can get tight during prime hours and when they have big events, so I only wish they'd expand and make an even bigger patio, one we could call a proper biergarten. Still, Marble is an Albuquerque gem and a place I can't go more than a few weeks without visiting.
<review# 140,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2014,7/3/2014,37,99,3,8,4>We stopped in with friends this afternoon and had a really nice and delicious lunch.  I found the wait staff to be very friendly and they kept my drink full (thank you :)  My wife and I split up the Grilled Cheese and Grilledgarden, I'll say the Grilledgarden exceeded my expectations!  I really love the home made chips, they're a great substitute for fries.  My friend and his wife had the Salad of the day (A grilled chicken salad with an Asian sauce) I had a bite of it and man I almost wished I'd have chosen it instead of my sandwich.  We'll come here again it's right on the way to Midtown Sports & Wellness so that's a plus!  I didn't try any of the very interesting beverages on the menu today, I'll save that for a review update.  If you're in midtown and you're hungry or thirsty you might give them a go.
<review# 141,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/2/2014,7/2/2014,111,33,,7,2>Thai kitchen serves up some fresh dishes. We ordered the Thai Basil Chicken and were not disappointed in the flavor or spice level at all. I really appreciate them cooking white meat as it's the way I like to roll when I eat Oriental food. The mango drink that accompanied my meal was a refreshing perk. The restaurant is laid out nicely; it's a small space but seems like it seats a decent amount of customers. I'd bump the review up to four stars if they had a lunch menu on the weekends.
<review# 142,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2014,7/1/2014,47,133,7,8,8>The Frontier is basically the heart and soul of the University area. It is run by students, professors, families, homeless people, druggies, drunks, basically every walk of life that happens to be hungry ends up at the frontier. The Frontier is the only place I can go to in my pajamas, slippers, and bed hair and no one will judge me. Ever. It is the only place that you will awkwardly run into six people you know while in said pajamas. It's awkward and uncomfortable, but no one seems to notice. The food is simple, down home, New Mexican/American cuisine. You can get breakfast at all times of the day, you can have green chile stew for breakfast, you can put chile on your pancakes, and you know what? The Frontier just doesn't care. They have big pots of chile sauce by the drink dispensers that you can ladle onto all of your plates that spices up any dish, can be used for salsa, or you could drink it if you're feeling adventurous. I love the Frontier, it's cheap, it's delicious, it has homemade fluffy tortillas, and it's freakishly fast. I don't need to wait around and be waited on at other breakfast joints, just gimme a #2 bacon, western hashbrowns, tortilla, and eggs over medium and I am set for life and under $10. I'm hungry now.
<review# 143,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2014,6/30/2014,30,252,3,5,3>It's a cold and blustery day today, and there is no one here! Perfect time to have the ducks all to myself. As I approached the water's edge, a gaggle of ducks swam eagerly to meet me. Unfortunately, I had no goodies for them, so they lost interest and swam away, but not before I got a photo of the large black mallard I call Big Poppa. He's the only black mallard I've every seen! The Duck Pond is a great place to sit on the grass or a nearby bench and people watch, duck watch, relax, read a book, drink a coffee, eat your lunch or just chill. Every now and again, there is some performance art occurring on the lawn, or some display art in the trees. You just never know what you're going to see here, so stop by often!
<review# 144,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2014,6/29/2014,92,147,2,7,2>La Cumbre has become a staple in the New Mexico craft brew scene, and this is the mothership. La Cumbre started a number of years ago in this location, a 2 story warehouse in Albuquerque's industrial district north of the Big I. The "tasting" room can get crowded quickly, is noisy, and doesn't have outside seating, but I don't consider any of that worthy of knocking off a star.Beer-wise they run the board here from light pilsners to heavy stouts and everything in between. Jeff's Heffe, a hopped-up hefeweizen, is a great beer and the El Malpais, a stout, is great for the winter months. If you're a hop fan, you're set: their Elevated IPA is an award winner, and most of their beers lean in that direction.There's no food here, but usually a food truck or two will hang out in front.
<review# 145,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2014,6/28/2014,18,141,2,5,3>One pineapple, one eggplant, one batch of strawberries, green & yellow onions, two green and red  peppers, three pears, three oranges, three apples, bundle bananas, jalapenos, two potatoes, bundle spinach, all for $24.54!!!!!!!!  Seriously a lot for the money.  I will say you better be ready to use the produce quickly because it's ripe and will go bad quickly.  Love this location.  If you're looking for warm fuzzies or someone to hold your hand while you decide what to buy go to Whole Foods.  If you just want to go in, get what you want, save money, and not worry about polite conversation this is the place for you.
<review# 146,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2014,6/27/2014,93,370,3,8,5>I always am excited when a hole in the wall, that from the outside looks a bit sketchy, is told to behold tasty treats. The interior is sparse and what I imagine eating in a most restaurants in Cuba would be like. Guava Tree Cafe makes fabulous cuban delights that will have you Salsa dancing. Which  I believe the owner said will be happening in their new location on Central. Yes they are moving in 6 weeks. So be sure to stop in for a cuban sandwich or an arepa.  I am not sure if there will be any downtime or closure, but why chance missing out. The last cuban food we ate was in the spicy epicenter of american cuban culture in Miami last June.  We went to two different restaurants.The cuban sandwich here is substantial for 7.50 and the roast pork in it  is perfection. Also had the 1st Arepa on the menu, both with fried plantains. It came to just over 16$For those of you unfamiliar with a Cuban sandwich is is a baguette with roast pork and ham, pickles, swiss cheese, and yellow mustard and it is pressed down go it is warms gooey and toasty. For ethnic food it is pretty accessible. The Arepa I had had had in a Columbian restaurant in Miami called La Moon, an awesome spot if you ever venture that far south.An Arepa is two hand made pressed corn patties with whatever goodness you select to be put inside, then baked.On a side note any one looking to open a small restaurant- they are in the process of trying to find a buyer and the price is pretty low. I feel very lucky to be living in a city with so many solid ethnic cuisines.
<review# 147,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2014,6/26/2014,12,60,1,6,4>Great place! Met a friend there who did the boil sans garlic butter with just the cajun seasoning and that was great. I however went for the garlic butter with clams and shrimp. It was really good. Also became two meals. The corn and potato were great. I wasn't sad that we ordered the seasoned fries (though we couldn't finish them.)My only wish is that they had coleslaw.
<review# 148,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2014,6/25/2014,123,1032,2,6,2>Awesome little sub shop. Locally owned and a real community fixture. Walking in here you get a real sense of how proud they are of their operation. The walls are littered with Beatles memorabilia, as well as numerous commendations and awards from the city and other organizations.As for the food, you really can't go wrong here. They have two versions of sandwiches: Torpedos and Subs. Put simply: the Torpedos all have the same garnish, and are more or less what you see is what you get. The Subs have something in place of the garnish, and are more complex. Both versions come in 6" and 12" sizes. I always go Sub, for what it's worth.Friendly service, fresh food, local business. Doesn't get much better.
<review# 149,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2014,6/24/2014,3,10,1,3,1>I came in for lunch today and had the Cubano. I've had Cubans in Florida but this has it beat! The meat was savory and the bread and butter pickles made it go over the top in taste. I can't wait to try your breakfast menu!
<review# 150,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2014,6/23/2014,1,7,,7,1>I highly recommend this place. They take their time and really make everyone involved very comfortable. My 21 month old daughter had a great first experience at the dentist because of everyone in the office. Looking forward to our future visits.
<review# 151,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/3/2014,6/22/2014,17,11,,8,1>My first impression of MAS was a good one. I was very impressed with the facility and the menu selection. We were a party of four and were seated quickly. However, the rest of our experience at MAS stayed true to the old adage to never judge a book by its cover. We waited for 15 minutes before anyone "greeted" us, the table next to us waited even longer (we made pleasant small talk about the unpleasant experience). When we finally met our waiter, he was just rude. I get it, working at a busy restaurant can be trying and it really isn't that fun, but honestly the guy could have cracked a smile at least once! When we rejected his offer for a bottle of wine, I thought his nose was going to fly off for how high he stuck it in the air. Normally I would have left, but half of our party was visiting from out of town and were staying at Andaluz. Moving on from the service to the food, which was just meh. We ordered several tapas, the highlight was definitely the salmon nachos... all six of them. From that point on everything was just OK. I was most disappointed with paella, which I shared with my husband. It just tasted like tomato sauce in rice- the chorizo didn't even have much flavor. If I had paid $10 for the entree I wouldn't have minded, but $28? No thanks. MAS earns three stars instead of one for its only redeeming factors; the ambiance, downtown location, and while I didn't care for the food, I appreciated what the chef was trying to create with the menu-- the food just fell short. Perhaps this was just an off night for MAS, but I don't really care to try it again, especially when the food was over priced for the flavor/quality and the service was terrible.
<review# 152,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2014,6/21/2014,84,39,,2,1>I'll be the first to tell you that I HATE CAR DEALERSHIPS and I've had bad experiences with them in the past. I'm not sure about the experience of other reviewers and I can only speak for myself but buying a car at Mark Casa Chevrolet was the best experience I've ever had. First off my sales person "Tony" needs an award and should be the employee of the month. I was in the market for a new car because the car that I had was a 2004 and it was showing it's age and since I had bad experiences with dealers in the past I decided to look online. I saw this 2011 Camaro that I feel in love with and decided to put in an application. Within minutes I get the first call informing me that they are working on my app. Minutes after that call Tony calls and begins updating on what's going on. I've played this game before and wasn't expecting much bit throughout the day he called periodically to update me and from that point I was impressed by how genuine and hardworking he was, I've never experienced that before from a dealer. The deal was completed that night and I was shocked. Not only did I get my Camaro, I got a 2014 to which I wasn't expecting at all. All in all I had a great experience, I got a beautiful muscle car which I adore and Tony was the best dealer ever. Five stars!
<review# 153,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2014,6/20/2014,2,67,,3,1>Solid dinner for my wife and I. FYI, we went in March.We started with the Yellow Fin Tuna Crudo app and a Beet salad. The tuna was definitely fresh but overall the dish was just OK. The beet salad was satisfying. My wife had the Wild Salmon dish. She enjoyed the dish but said she would not order it again. Mainly because she prefers salmon grilled but decided to try it prepared another way.  I ordered the Spotted Pig. I really enjoyed this dish. The broth  was very tasty and pig was so tender. I also liked the brussel sprouts/leaves that accompanied the dish. Service was excellent throughout our dining experience and the ambiance was refined and inviting. I look forward to my next visit!
<review# 154,isUSA=TRUE,2.0,6/3/2014,6/19/2014,17,47,3,3,1>Well...it's a huge chain restaurant. We've all been to Applebee's and know their culinary abilities. I'm convinced that they prepare nothing at these places. They just heat it up. My burger was borderline disgusting. It was the Blackened Blue one. The blue cheese was pungent...and not in a good way. I'm not sure if they wash the dishes either. My plate had greasy smudges all over it. It just looked dirty. But I ate it anyways. Why? Because I'm a trooper.However, the pretzel stick cheese dip appetizer things were freaking awesome! They get 2 stars for that.Unfortunately, I'll probably be back because my kids love this place haha! Kids win.
<review# 155,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2014,6/18/2014,66,102,1,3,3>There I was conversating about delicious Vietnamese in the ABQ area when someone asked me if I'd been to Basil. I replied with the obvious-"of course I've had basil!". Turns out it was the name of a somewhat hidden in a strip mall that I'd never think to visit food joint on Eubank. I went because they said I should and I ate because I felt compelled to see for myself. We went before seeing a movie on a Sat. @ 6pm and didn't have much time to spare to eat which in this town, you really need to be concerned about because it's hard to find fast, as in speedy, food. Luckily, we came to the right place! We ate apps and dinner in under 35 minutes. So fast, I looked at my watch and was impressed that the experience was over so quickly. The food was tasty and I'd definitely eat here again. We had the shrimp toast (which you can't get everywhere), the pad thai and some shrimp and rice dish I can't complain about. The place was dead but clean and cool on a hot summer day. The wait staff looked bored so they were watching game shows the entire time we were there but all in all, I didn't mind. Also, the price was right at $25-$30 for dinner for 2. Next store was a Mexican restaurant I'd never heard of a line (I mean a LOOOONG line), of senior citizens waiting to get in. I'm guessing they offer discounts. I digress. If you're ever in a time crunch and you're in the area, this spot is a good place to grab a bite.
<review# 156,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2014,6/17/2014,24,83,3,5,3>I don't think this was the best, but it was very good New Mexico standards. The red was hot, the green was chunky and delicious. Service was quick and friendly, and the lounge is definitely the side of the house to be in. Great people watching as the regulars who have been going there for the last hundred years loudly come and go. Enjoy!
<review# 157,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2014,6/16/2014,14,33,1,3,2>This place is a bit divey, but the food is very tasty.  The menu is diverse and the prices are very reasonable. This hole in the wall served freshly made dishes and takes credit cards. It only uses plasticware and styrofoam plates and cups though. Not a real date worthy place unless you both are strapped for money. But I would recommend this place over Panda Express any day.  There is ample seating and parking as well.
<review# 158,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2014,6/15/2014,102,60,1,7,5>This is an occasion type of spot. Folks dress up a touch when they dine here. Farm and Table's mission is favorable. Organic, seasonal, sustainable, all that good stuff. Beautiful setting in the North Valley. Even the parking lot is kinda cool. I enjoy coming here although there have been some miscues along the way.The overall feel and prices of Farm and Table create some lofty expectations. I'd say that the four star rating that this restaurant is carrying is accurate. For example, our party received a pretty undesirable Brisket Hash dish during Brunch the other day. It's no exaggeration to say it contained large amounts of inedible fat. I give credit to our server for graciously offering a sample of Chicken Adovada to compensate. Too bad there were bones in it but was very tasty nonetheless. Gordon Ramsay would have had a meltdown over all this but that's television. The kitchen shouldn't have let that dish go out.  And the soups... The ones I've had here have been lackluster to say the least.I like Farm and Table. The hosts and servers have been great and I appreciate that! It feels like a small gamble to make the right menu choice and that doesn't quite match up with the rest of the experience. For me Farm and Table is just shy of 5 stars and should be better than they are right now.
<review# 159,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2014,6/14/2014,33,244,,6,2>Have been meaning to try this place for the longest time and finally got my chance.They have a great deal if you check in on Yelp (when we went it was 20% off your check).I had a slice and a salad.  The crust was nice & thin & crispy and a very decent size for the price.  The salad wasn't quite as good (I had Caesar). Their prices are very fair, service was very good & they even got soda water for me.If you are sat up the hill in Tractor brewing then you should for sure get some pizza from this place to go with your beer and I will for sure check them out again next time I am in Nob Hill.
<review# 160,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2014,6/13/2014,80,44,,7,4>I come here a lot with with my mom. Every time she talks about how she came here when it was a truck stop. Of course everyone knows about the chicken fried steak that feeds me for 4 meals. I've had other items on the menu and I have no complaints. I love the chocolate chip cookies that they have at the cashier spot. Yum.
<review# 161,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2014,6/12/2014,89,325,4,8,7>Wow! This event was magical! It was really cool to meet up with all my good ol' Yelp friends in the heart of Nob Hill. To top it off, I got to eat a delicious Buffalo Burger that featured chipotle mayo and cole slaw....and I got it topless (because that's how I roll). It was awesome...the best buffalo burger I've had by far. Buffalo and I have a love/hate relationship....but this was just delicious! The servers were super attentive and friendly. My Yelp crew made the night that much better. Then there was the unveiling of Yelp's own brew. I mean...I guess I didn't quite understand before...but Yelp is literally On Tap at B2B. It's a red rye which is tasty and not too bitter. I'm not typically a fan of reds...but this one impressed me. It was a nice balance. The brewers did a fantastic job...and they were so incredibly friendly and open. They took some of us back to the brew room so we could see where the magic happens. I'd only been to one or two other brew rooms...and it was really cool to see the place where things come together in the beer world.I couldn't have been happier about how things turned out. I had a blast and was only sad that I had to leave a little early due to having to wake up early for work. Thank you to B2B, Howie, and all of my fellow yelpers (including Colin, Kendall, Robert, Jeremy, Michael, Eric, and Annie) for making the night so fun! Looking forward to doing it again soon.BTW, Is that peanut butter I smell? I think it's the UYE: PB+J premier party soon! I'm workin' on it! ;D
<review# 162,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2014,6/11/2014,50,84,2,6,2>Fantastic every time. When I feel like a burger, this is where I come. When I feel like sampling some local beer, this is the first place I think of. I would be here unhealthily often if allowed.Enough drooling. My favorites:The Elk burgerThe RosaThe NawlinsMy wife's favorite:The Topless Burger - A burger on a saladThey have cider, they have mead (embrace your inner Geat), they have all the right beers. The only disadvantage to all this greatness is that it now gets quite packed. Not good for large groups. Groups of two usually can get seated quickly.
<review# 163,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2014,6/10/2014,2726,418,2,7,3>My new go to long term airport parking..Fast polite service.They give military ang gov discounts and also AAA. Didn't get charged extra for a covered parking spot,and you can get a membership for free that I filled out as I was paying in the drive thru and saved me $8.00  The nice girl working the drive thru check out didn't have to go out of her way to tell me about the membership but did.. Great service and makes traveling out of Albuquerque airport easy.
<review# 164,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2014,6/9/2014,15,139,4,7,3>Pro's is a Hispanic grocery store owned by Italians - what a hoot! In addition to energetic Spanish music and quinceanera decorations, Pro's has a full Mexican bakery, a hot food section with loco prices (3 of the best tacos you've ever had for $3.33 - for all three - complete with the largest, freshest taco toppings bar you've ever experienced), a carniceria that sells pig heads, a massive produce section that practically gives the stuff away (strawberries for $1/lb is pretty common), fresh as in still-hot fresh tortillas daily, still-hot fresh roasted green chile daily, a juice bar, cheap fresh mixed fruit, salsas, guacamole, etc, a clothing stand for Sir Mix-A-Lot approved women, a currency exchange, a liquor section, and probably several other crazy things that don't belong in grocery stores that I'm forgetting.Big produce section + cheap produce-based products like taco toppings, juices, and salsas is what Jack Donaghy is talking about when he preaches the virtues of vertical integration and synergy!
<review# 165,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2013,6/8/2014,50,115,3,8,4>Two words: Breakfast Pizza.If you're like me, you would skip over this menu item the first 10 times you ate here. Big mistake! The breakfast pizza is not a pizza at all. First of all, it's gluten free. Next, it's actually more like a thick potato pancake smothered in red and/or green chile and topped with two eggs and two slices of Lush's own, cinnamon-and-spices bacon. Lush has become my go-to Saturday breakfast place because I can't get enough of their breakfast pizza!I have also had the chop salad for lunch, and it is very good. The stand-out in that salad is, again, Lush's delicious, savory, homemade bacon.Lush is one of the most gluten-free friendly restaurants I've found in Albuquerque. Unlike some other gluten-free places (not naming any names here), everything at Lush is fresh and delicious. The interior is small but cozy, and during nice weather you can sit out on the sidewalk. This is a great hidden gem of a lunch spot for people who work downtown.My only complaint is that Lush is closed on Sundays. I've wanted to go there for Sunday brunch many times, and been crushed when I looked up their hours. I know that small business owners definitely deserve a day off, but, but, but, BREAKFAST PIZZA. It's the best.
<review# 166,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2014,6/7/2014,56,63,2,5,4>Yelptropolis was a great event! I loved the venue (Sister Bar) and hope to check it out in the future. It is definitely a place I could have seen my 20- something self frequenting regularly. I especially love that it is a pet friendly bar.      There were so many awesome vendors, I didn't know where to begin. Upon entering, Bitcoin Warlord, greeted us with a QR code scavenger hunt, the lucky winner won a troy ounce of silver (I'm no too sure what that is). We started at the bar for some cocktail and beer samples. My taste buds were delighted by the ST Louis Gueuze (sour beer) and my girlfriend enjoyed the Purple Haze beer.     Next we made our way to the food vendors. Thai Vegan, M 'tucci's Kitchina, and The Last Call Eatery. I'm so glad I was able to try these restaurants. The food was incredible, my personal favorite was Thai Vegan. However, I like that M'tucci's uses local ingredients. The shrimp ceviche from The Last Call was so yummy, my girlfriends and I drank what we couldn't scoop out with the chip (is that gross?).      After filling our bellies, we went back to the bar and shared some cotton candy and checked out the fractal making station. I grabbed a great template, so I can make fractals with my students.      Next, we decided to try the MBerry magic pill (from Quelab). This pill dissolves in your mouth and inhibits your ability to taste sour. The effect lasts about 15 minutes, unless you wash it away with alcohol. While waiting for the pill to dissolve, we watched with awe the 3D printer.  I ate a plate of lime, lemons, rhubarb, salt and vinegar chips, and sour cream. The lemons dipped in sour cream was like a eating cheesecake.      We continued to enjoy the night listening to good jams and socializing.We grabbed some delicious nutty carmel apples and cupcakes from The Chocolate Dudes for the road before heading out. In retrospect I wish I'd signed up for the Uber (car ride service) so that I could have enjoyed another drink ;) Overall, Yelptropolis was a well organized and successful event- hopefully others will be intrigued enough to join us ABQYelpers. Kudos Howie K!
<review# 167,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2014,6/6/2014,55,73,2,5,3>What I love about Golden Crown: 1) It is an Albuquerque tradition. Everyone from here is intimately familiar with this sweet little neighborhood place for various reasons, not the least of which is their extraordinary biscochito's, the traditional New Mexican anise Christmas cookie.2) you get a biscochito as soon as you walk in the door.3) watching them bake while you order4) great people who work there5) epic Mexican wedding cookies and fruit empanadas6) melt in your mouth bolillos (Mexican French bread-ish (but better) rolls)I hear their pizza is great, and I love the outdoor patio. I haven't really enjoyed either yet, because usually I do Golden Crown on the way to an event where bringing some "yum" is essential. ;)
<review# 168,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2014,6/5/2014,15,103,3,4,3>I don't know how anyone can rate this place a "4."  It's local, it's a great addition to the neighborhood, they have fundraising nights for the school.  I mean, the worst part about this place is that you have to PAY.  (So, if you guys want that sixth star - free is the key word here).Seriously - I love the yogurt, I love the flavors.  The bright, antiseptic white with the colors is a nice change from what you see everywhere else, and it makes it obvious that the place is clean.  Keep it up!
<review# 169,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2014,6/4/2014,70,134,,7,4>Heh amazing place.You won't get more amazing in Metro-ABQ. I mean, baths. You don't have to drive up to Santa Fe to 10k Waves anymore. I mean, it's completely different and not the LARGEST place and doesn't have it's own lotions and such...but this is Metropolitan Albuquerque. It's the best you can get around here. Please....Such a nice treat.
<review# 170,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2013,6/3/2014,65,120,3,9,5>I sort of don't want to review this place because I don't want it to get ghetto fabulous and raise their prices.OK so I live almost across the parking lot from this place.  Two years ago it was honestly sort of nasty.  I would maybe buy bottled sauces and that was it.Everything has changed.  The produce is now great ( they have what they have and most stuff I don't even know what it is).  Lemon grass is 11 cents a stalk.  You get the idea.   The meat department is stellar .  I buy a lot of shrimp here.  I come here and get lots of stuff - like 3 bags worth, it's like $15 and I have food for almost a week.
<review# 171,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2014,6/2/2014,15,30,5,12,6>"Thai-ing" to figure out what took me so long to "thai" this sweet little place called Thai Cuisine Express! I was out and about on a ho-hum errand to Staples (actually was really happy with my "printing professional. Yo, Dennis! You did a great job!) and was feeling quiet peckish. Across the oddly designed parking lot I see this little place and lurch over the few steps to find a nearly empty (it was 4pm) cozy....crazy yummy smelling place!I ordered the C9 - Salmon curry. My dish arrived very quickly due to my being one of two table occupied. Beautiful curry with a large filet of salmon cooked perfect, 7 on the spicy scale. Got my nose sniffling for sure. I don't think I will be able to try anything else on the menu next time because I was so pleased with this dish. Decor was sweet. Service was fine. All in all....yummy THAI!
<review# 172,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2014,6/1/2014,52,86,3,15,7>At first glance, The Stumbling Steer doesn't look all that impressive. Located in the old west side Quarters location, it's a little difficult to forget that Quarters had once been good but ended up being, well, "eh". I'm here to advise you: don't let your memory of Quarters sub-par BBQ deter you from stumbling into The Steer.The atmosphere here is good, albeit a bit "wide open", and for a brand new place the service is excellent (for now). As soon as we sat down we were approached by a co-owner, welcomed, and generally treated like VIPs. That was nice, but we're a hard sell. Tentatively, we waited for our food.The beer nerd husband had a beer sampler. He's picky, yet insists there wasn't a single bad brew in the bunch. That's saying a lot. Usually, he wrinkles his nose at least once or twice. The food came next: pork belly for him and meatballs for me. Two words here: my goodness. I guess I expected the food to be sub-par. After all, this place totes itself as a brewery first and foremost. But what left the kitchen and was placed before us was so not Albuquerque it was... well, it was magnificent. Both of us cleaned our plates, and because the food was so incredible, we splurged and got dessert just to see if it held up. It did. If you're looking for upscale food without the pretension, The Stumbling Steer is going to be your new go-to. The prices are slightly higher than average, but not by much, and the age old adage of "you get what you pay for" stands up here. It's unanimous. It's been a long time since we've had as good of a restaurant experience as we did at The Stumbling Steer. Bravo, dear owners. Our compliments to the brew master and chef!
<review# 173,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2013,5/31/2014,51,42,3,6,6>Food is pretty good here but nothing out of the ordinary. They do keep it rather healthy though which is always nice. It's a pleasant place to grab breakfast and coffee but I personally think they are a little overpriced, still worth stopping by though!Plus, if you have an over eager visitor in town you could always bring them to the Grove and see if you can grab a spot at the table the infamous Walter White sat at! If they're Breaking Bad fans I'm sure they'd be stoked.
<review# 174,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/15/2014,5/30/2014,90,146,,5,2>Great little place with a nice atmosphere. The menu is unique and love the location. I have ate here a few times and the food is alway hit or miss. The french fries are always tasty and amazing. The wine and beer list is amazing with great prices. The servers aren't familiar with the menu and don't really seem to have a favorite every time I ask for a new suggestion.  I love hamburgers and I would probably go more if the food is always consistant and maybe a special every week to offer your guests.
<review# 175,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/14/2013,5/29/2014,144,168,2,10,6>When Hartford Square first opened, I was there. And I've been going back ever since. It's in a great location, which I would have been able to roll out of bed and walk about 100 steps to get to it if I hadn't moved from my apartment right there in EDo. Because you know that if I was still living there, I'd be there practically every day. Whether it was for breakfast, lunch or dinner, their food is great.Fresh, organic, straight-up healthy or a healthy decadence, Hartford Square has it. The dishes are simply made and straight forward. The dishes remind me of The Grove Cafe. Hartford Square is much smaller, more intimate, and well worth visiting.A detail which is fun about the food offered: The meals aren't set in stone. If you see a few dishes you'd like to try, but don't want too much of each, you can try small portions of all of them. Or if you see one dish you really love, and you can make that one item into a large portion for a main meal. The owner has the menu set up like a deli. You want a pound of something or a quarter of a pound, you can order it that way. You can eat it there, with the meal presented nicely or take it home. They have a great selection of teas, healthier drinks and coffee.A side note regarding their Autumn Granola w/Sauteed Apples & Pears & Vanilla-Almond Yogurt (Gluten Free) for $6.00. It's served in a juice glass, this delicious combination of house-made granola, fruit and yogurt, is made with great care and thought. As noted in the title, they sauté the apples and pears in cinnamon. The Vanilla-Almond Yogurt is not sweet, which I prefer when coupled with all the sweetness of the fruit and granola. They take a New Mexico-made low-fat yogurt and blend in a subtle amount of vanilla and almond extracts. The granola is made with gluten-free oats, honey, maple syrup, pumpkin seeds, almonds and pecans.
<review# 176,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2014,5/28/2014,30,3,,5,3>Whenever I move somewhere new I always dread needing to find a new tailor. I'm short with short arms and legs so everything has to be altered....  The Final Stitch is AWESOME!!!!   Seriously, one of the best tailors I've been to. Straight forward, quick, and honest - I had a pair of pants they recommended I just exchange instead of charging me a ton to make them work.  They've got my business while I live here!
<review# 177,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2014,5/27/2014,1,10,1,7,4>I've been here a couple times now. I would have to say go on an off hour as the first few times I had done that and the gyros were so good! I went one day during the lunch rush and it was still good just not as much as previously. Definitely add some fries to your meal as they are ridiculously good.
<review# 178,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2014,5/26/2014,0,3,,6,4>Best in ABQ must be sleeping on this place. If you're looking for ambience this is not the place for you. If you're looking for the best hummus in town you've come to the right place. I come here weekly to stock up on hummus, baba ghanoush, falafel, and fresh pita bread (on weekdays). Their restaurant has limited hours but it is definitely worth carving out some time in your schedule to enjoy the best Turkish food that ABQ has to offer (imo). The prices are good, service is great and their grocery store is fun to browse through too. I can't say enough good things about this business, try it and you won't be disappointed!
<review# 179,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/11/2014,5/25/2014,20,107,,6,2>Nice venue but our server forgot about us!  She never asked for refills on drinks and took a long time to see if we were finished.  Decent food.  Pub club would be better if they used fresh bread instead of the bread I can get at the grocery store.  Smothered chicken was tasty but a bit over cooked.  Best chicken tenders I've tasted in a long time.  Food arrived pretty fast after we ordered it.  Dessert selection looked good but we ran out if time.  Fed a family of 5 for $53.  Live band was a nice touch.  So was the local artwork on the walls.
<review# 180,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2014,5/24/2014,7,32,,2,1>This is a pretty good Thai spot I frequent for lunch.  Decently priced and lots of good dishes like their curry (any color), pad gra pow or pad kee mow are all great.  The lunch special comes with an egg roll/soup appetizer and a desert!  The parking is a little iffy sometimes and the place is smallish so it can fill up.
<review# 181,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2014,5/23/2014,24,44,1,5,3>Ok Saturday morning special pretzel roll. Had to try this speciality and it will b one of many in my future. They have an appealing homemade look, lightly toasted with just a sprinkle of salt. I quickly broke into this light and fluffy roll and was not surprised by its wonderful aroma because i wouldn't expect anything less from this bakery (immediately my cheese sensors went berserk) This roll is just as tasty alone as it is with a nice piece of cheese and glass of wine. Yes it's that good. So get your Saturday morning clothes on and go get a roll. It'll make a great breakfast with some cheese and fruit. Yum.
<review# 182,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2014,5/22/2014,78,113,1,13,10>i-found-this-little-ramendonburri-shop-by-accident-while-getting-some-weekly-supplies-at-talin-so-glad-i-did-they-have-oyakodon-on-the-menu-i-havent-had-this-dish-in-years-and-it-was-so-comforting-to-have-it-on-a-chilly-saturday-afternoon-d-oyakodon-is-chicken-and-egg-with-rice-and-onions-in-a-bowl-and-usually-has-some-sort-of-pickled-veggie-on-the-side-its-cooked-in-dashi-broth-there-is-no-oil-in-this-dish-so-it-is-some-what-healthy-i-love-this-little-establishment-you-are-greeted-in-japanese-when-you-come-in-irasshaimase-which-means-welcome-its-small-and-cozy-with-a-tv-on-the-wall-perfect-setting-for-hot-ramen-on-a-cold-evening-d-they-have-several-different-ramen-bowls-my-green-tea-was-in-fact-green-tea-and-served-in-a-cool-personal-thermos-miso-tasty-and-warm-yumminess-two-thumbs-up-gochisousama-deshita-ill-be-back-for-sure
<review# 183,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2014,5/21/2014,62,114,3,7,5>My new favorite coffee place when I'm on the go! They have so many awesome choices and combinations that it's overwhelming in a good way of course. The service has been very good and fast so far. I really like their daily trivia and they always give you a chocolate covered coffee bean with your coffee. I also really like that their prices are cheaper than your other coffee spots close by. Hats off to Mocha Mudd for making this coffee fean very happy.
<review# 184,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/23/2013,5/20/2014,47,245,1,10,2>I liked the lobster roll, but I felt like the combo was not a good deal. A regular lobster roll is $15 (which is pricey, too). A combo of lobster roll, chips, and whoopie pie is $20. How on earth do a whoopie pie and bag of chips cost $5?! It is delicious and certainly worth trying whether you're a lobster roll novice or veteran, but not many could afford to make a habit of it.
<review# 185,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2014,5/19/2014,54,13,3,10,8>I have been eating El Paisa tacos since they were a food truck back in the mid-90s and they were delicious then and they are delicious now. They've gone up a whole 17 cents in the 15 years I've been eating there so put that in your pipe and smoke it. Did I mention these delicious tacos are a buck?  Well now $1.17 for your choice of meat, onion and cilantro on a fresh corn tortilla. Personally, my favorite have always been the pastor tacos, but have ventured out with the barbacoa as of late. There is also a teeny salsa bar - I'm addicted to the green sauce (pretty sure it's fresh tomatillo salsa). Divine. Also a vegetarian fave: the aguate torta (guacamole on a homemade bun - seriously). You can get 3-4 tacos and a coke in a glass bottle for less than $7. They don't speak a lot of English and I don't speak a lot of Spanish. I know how to order what I want (but likely am missing out on some amazing other specialties). Enjoy this little place, and don't be afraid to get your taco on down in the valley.
<review# 186,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2013,5/18/2014,32,140,3,7,4>My family and I like this place a whole lot. There are a few reasons why we like this place and I will get to them momentarily. If you are one of those that lack of patience, go to paragraph 69 and you will see why...jk lol. Well, this is the only Vietnamese restaurant that my family, my friends and co-workers who I introduced to keep coming back and go to in town. 1. Location: it is conveniently located on Central, west of San Mateo, right next to the "castle" store and a motel, how much more convenient could it get...? if you are not laughing, you need to find out what that store is.2. Menu: you will feel overwhelmed with their menu...actually, it is like that for all Asian restaurants. They have about 20,000 items on their menus and most of them are the same. However, the owner was smart enough to organize their menu according whether the dish is normal rice, broken rice,  noodle, vermicelli noodle, fat noodle, thin noodle, short noodle, tall noodle, weird looking noodle...sounds like people doesn't it? 3. Beverages: Alcohol is a no no no at most of the authentic Asian restaurants. Why? cause it is almost impossible to pair Vietnamese food with Western alcohol drinks. Though, you have got to try avocado shake, sounds nasty? ya that is what most my friends told me, until you take that first sip and you gonna come back for more. Durian? if you are not Southeast Asians, I highly advise that you don't try it, or try it at the very end of your meal, the smell of durian could be very nasty, and overwhelming. 4. What to order if this is your first Vietnamese experience ever? you have missed out all your life with that Viet cuisine. 4.a Appetizer: Try their "Grilled Ground Beef Loaf Wrapped in Grape Leaf" not only is it moist, soft, but very well marinated. Or "Golden Crispy Squid With Orange Mayonnaise Sauce", their squid is thinly sliced and battered and fried, and you dip that long stick of squid into their homemade mayonnaise sauce, it's like party in the USA in 1999 in your mouth. The mayonnaise sauce is not just any ordinary one, it is extraordinary, influenced by the French cuisine, not only is it rich, but also light and refreshing at the same time...4.b) Entree? try their "Beef Noodle Soup Combination" aka, Pho. It is the soul food of Vietnam. It takes a long time to cook the soup, about 12 hours or so. What is inside Pho? You will find Rare Steak, Well Done Flank, Brisket, Tendon, Tripe and Beef Meat Ball, served with Bean Sprouts, Sweet Basil, Jalapeno and Lime.- - - if you are familiar with French cuisine, it is familiar to that of The French "pot-au-feu". 4.c) What if I hate soup and I don't know how to use chopsticks to eat beside using it to hold my hair? easy fix, go with rice, the broken rice. Broken rice is not broken because they broke the normal rice, but just the smaller, shorter grain of rice. 4.d) what if i don't know how to use chopsticks and I hate rice? gettin' picky there! no worries, try their "Steamed Tiny Rice Vermicelli Plate" these are tiny little shinny vermicelli noodle woven into pads, kinda cool, my favorite dish here. Go easy on the fish sauce if you have never tried it before. 5. Dessert? hahaha, ya no they don't serve deserve, most authentic Asian restaurants don't care much for this. However, your Avocado shake, Durian shake...comes in handy here. 6. Service: only 2 waitress, 1 is the owner and another is the sister of the owner.. they try their best to serve you but it aint gonna be like an American restaurant where they have waitress wait on you. Try your best to order everything, EVERYTHING, in one shot if you don't to wait for about 100 years for them to come back. If you are shameless like me, go to the counter and ask for whatever that is you need and she will be more than happy to help you. 7. Atmosphere: aint the greatest to be honest. It is family friendly, singles friendly or peeps who are dating friendly...ideal for your first date here? I think not. You do not want to kiss each other, if it is your first kiss after having a Vietnamese meal, you gonna gag. Why should you take this review into serious consideration? My family is an integrated family of French and Viet, growing up in a 2 generations of chef, and eating food from both cuisines, you developed a picky pallet for both cuisines and this restaurant makes food the ways that my grandmaw and maw would make.
<review# 187,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2013,5/17/2014,151,116,2,9,5>Excellent, high quality food that is obviously prepared from scratch with much love and attention to detail.  I went with Kimi U.'s suggestion and got the smoked turkey leg, which was succulent, flavorful, and tender.  It's also a great value, which makes my wallet happy, too.  The macaroni and cheese is gourmet and unlike those Velveeta concoctions (which also have their place).  Candied yams are spectacular, with a hint of orange peel.  Creamed corn is made with a heavy sprinkling of black pepper, which makes it a bit more unique than the average variety.  The dry rub ribs are also delicious.  I love that they also feature many desserts made in-house, which I have yet to try, but plan on in the future.  We have a winner here, you guys!
<review# 188,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2014,5/16/2014,65,34,3,19,4>Okay, so this is definitely not the BEST ramen house that I have been to (ABQ is not Los Angeles and New York City), BUT! It is, hands down, the best thing going on in Albuquerque. I stopped in yesterday to try it, since I've been complaining about the lack of ramen in ABQ for, you know, EVER, and was not disappointed. I started with a hot tea (which I think was genmai-cha, but didn't ask) and settled on my entree. I ordered the "O Deluxe" and was really pleased with what came out: a big bowl of porky broth that was rich, but light, ladled over soft egg noodles and a pile of toppings, including bamboo shoots, woodear mushrooms, ginger, scallions, a medium boiled egg, and three strips of pork belly. I could have taken an egg cooked a bit less, and maybe used more of a sear on the pork belly, caramelizing the fat just a little more to bring out that depth of flavor, but WHATEVER. Details. It was still a great meal for ten bucks. They don't have any desert options yet, but! The chef was super nice, and brought out a small dish of red bean and green tea ice cream when he heard me ask the server if they had anything sweet. That move alone would bring me back for another meal, but they fact that O Ramen House serves a really great bowl of ramen?Yes, please.
<review# 189,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2014,5/15/2014,5,4,2,4,3>Forever indebted, to a friend who recommended this restaurant when I moved into the neighborhood. Have since been so impressed with the staff, food and atmosphere that I've become a very regular patron. Originally located Downtown, it has been a favorite haunt of local makers and shakers for eons. Since relocating near the University, it has also become a popular gathering place for students. The bartenders, servers and chef are exceptionally friendly and proficient. They know most customers by name and they're always glad you came. The menu is surprisingly varied with everything from salads and steaks to sandwiches and  inexpensive daily specials. 50 cent taco night comes highly recommended. They are delighted to prepare any entree 'your way' and 'half orders' are frequently available. Their corned beef and cabbage on St P Day is un-excelled anywhere in town. You won't be disappointed with the beer selection, including Guinness and locally brewed favorites on tap. Recommended: Chef Salad, Rib Eye Steak, Paddy-melt and New England Clam Chowder on Fridays.   This is also a congenial, comfortable place to sip a brew and peruse your newspaper, catch up on Facebook or watch sporting events. (Come early for Lobo games!)
<review# 190,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2014,5/14/2014,8,52,,3,2>I was psyched to see a new coffee place going in once the previous shop shut down abruptly. Nice people work inside this small space. I didn't get the snobby hipster vibe in here at all.Prices seemed reasonable, if a little on the cheap side, actually.I had an Americano, which was perfect. Looks like they make the full range of espresso-based beverages. They also have some fancy juices and stuff in a cold case. Seating is somewhat limited, but there is a small area where you can sit and people-watch along Gold Ave. A sign inside the shop seems to indicate that they will try to honor special requests re drinks. I noticed a few pastry items, but I'll have to try those another time.All in all, a great, legit spot for coffee in downtown.
<review# 191,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2014,5/13/2014,2,6,2,7,3>Had dinner at Yanni's last night with a very well-traveled friend who knows his way around a menu and was passing through on his way West. we were both delighted with the meal. We each had their wonderful pork chop (at my suggestion - I'd had it before). They were cooked perfectly, the accompanying vegetables were seasoned beautifully, and our waitress was great. That's one of the things I like so much about Yanni's - the service is unobtrusive, friendly, very efficient and completely professional. I'll keep returning.
<review# 192,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2013,5/12/2014,39,137,,5,3>So glad I finally tried this little gem! I have to admit I was weary because I live nearby, and have seen many places quickly come and  go in that same location.We came here on a Friday night and surprisingly got a seat right away, at a  perfect little table in the bar area. Our server greeted us quickly, and was very friendly and told us all about the history of the place etc.We ordered nothing but apps from the bar menu (only $5) and each one was fantastic. We ordered the goat cheese dip, the truffled potato fries, the asparagus and a grilled romaine Caesar salad. TO. Die. FOR. To drink, we had the Moscow mules (one of my fav drinks), and for dessert, the tiramisu (also a great choice!).Decor was a little uniquely odd, but different in a good way nonetheless.Glad I came.. I'll be back soon! :)
<review# 193,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2014,5/11/2014,28,56,,6,3>I'm giving them five stars because the food was excellent, the service was entertaining, and the price was right. I went there for lunch with a friend, the bill totalling $13 for both meals and we both had to take some of our food home. Another plus is the chili is actually hot. I'm a fan of hot chili and usually when I go out it's dissapointing, but Tia Betty Blue's didn't let me down.Thankfully or maybe it's unlucky for my waist line that the location is really close to my work. I will be going back to try out the rest of their menus.
<review# 194,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/7/2014,5/10/2014,52,169,1,7,5>Why do so many ABQ restaurants try so hard to be upscale?  I had lunch at this new spot a few days ago for lunch and think it could improve in a few areas.Good: -Friendly, fast service.-Free cucumber water was refreshing.-Great flavors from the Cubano sandwich and side salad.Bad:-Parking in this shopping center sucks.  If your car is wider than a Fiat, you might have trouble squeezing into a spot.-Poor ventilation in the kitchen made the dining room very smoky.Ugly:-Prices were definitely steep.  $15 for chilaquiles is downright offensive!-Serving sizes were tiny.  While the Cubano sandwich was tasty, there wasn't nearly enough meat.  Same goes for for the side salad, which was lightly dressed and tasty, but way too small.I would definitely go back if I could get more bang for my buck.
<review# 195,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2014,5/9/2014,14,52,1,9,5>Hungry or Starving??? Then this is the place to go, because the portion sizes are huge!! I split the chicken Parmesan with someone and still had a huge amount of leftovers to take home. The food is delicious. Make sure you make a reservation, especially on the weekends. It can get really busy. They have happy hour from 4-6 and 9-10 Mon- thurs. We got a flatbread appetizer for $4, and I was pleasantly  surprised by the size and taste of it. Beers on draft are $3 and wine $5. Overall it was a really good experience! I've been to Trombinos many times, but this was my first time going during happy hour. It was a great experience, and I will definitely go back.
<review# 196,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/10/2014,5/8/2014,81,210,3,8,4>I don't know what happened to their fish and chips...but the breading was strange and it was just a greasy, tasteless mess. Not a fan at all. Their tartar sauce was soupy as well. The Monte Cristo is like a donut sandwich. It's pretty good, but you have to be in the mood for something super rich, deep fried, and heavy. It wouldn't be good without the raspberry compote that is to be sure. I am not sure that I'll be back, although the menu seemed to have a lot of delicious options on it. Maybe we just ordered the wrong things. They are serving Bosque Brewing beer, so I added a star for that. Over-all I'd say "meh" and probably not go back.
<review# 197,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2014,5/7/2014,3,17,9,11,7>First off you're wasting your time if you don't get the queso appetizer. Liquid gold in its own mini cast iron pot, not with common chips either, oh-no sir you get actual deep fried flour tortillas for you to enjoy with your queso. Tell me if you can find something better than that? Oh wait! All that and a nice cold beer too, that's what's better! I can't even remember what my main course was because I'm still loving up on the queso. I'm sure it was wonderful because I sent back an empty plate when I was done. After lunch I entered a queso coma and have just now awoken to yelp about Albuquerque's finest queso shrine!Did I mention try the queso?
<review# 198,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2014,5/6/2014,56,108,3,7,6>Great little airport to scamper through, which is nice since you're not having to sprint for your life like you do in larger places like LAX, Heathrow, etc. I think my only complaint is the security check point area. When you have 60+ people waiting for their ticket to be checked, you'd think they'd get an additional TSA agent out there to speed things along. THEN they have a skeleton crew when it comes to being x-rayed, so that just adds to the frustration of things taking WAY longer than they should. Otherwise, the airport shops are pretty cool, prices are reasonable when it comes to the food court area and you can actually sit in an observation lounge while waiting for your flight. All in all, I'm pretty happy (for the most part) whenever I have to take a flight out of here when the time for me comes to visit Monterey, CA
<review# 199,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2014,5/5/2014,29,75,1,4,2>Always have a 50% off section, which I like..,.if you don't see one, they'll make one up just for your business.( Much friendlier than the lady that is on her phone the entire time you're shopping on the other side of the plaza).  Memorial on side desk of store for their loved one they lost In The military... Stole my heart. Loyal customer to this store when the fams in town. Always a crowd pleaser.
<review# 200,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2014,5/4/2014,24,53,4,7,4>Went back again for my birthday this year and since we arrived for lunch, we were able to try the Mexican wedding cake. Its no wonder it sells out! It was AMAZING and easily brings this place up to the full 5 stars.
<review# 201,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2014,5/3/2014,69,171,,9,6>Every successful revolution begins with a great t-shirt. I've been using Guerrilla for my one stop present shop for a couple years now because I can run in, grab a Zia T on American fabric for my sister in texas, Johnny Cash for my brother, and Angela Davis profile for my girlfriend.  If I'm on top of it, I can come in 30 days before Christmas and knock out my own design onto shirts, cups, flyers, you name it, you're getting it with a picture of me and my band logo on it for your gift.Great family business!  Owner, Travis, doesn't remember me, but he made a great impression.  Terrific service, terrific concept.
<review# 202,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2013,5/2/2014,125,201,4,9,7>Let me first start off by saying that I'm a big fan of Rebel Donuts and a big fan of donuts too!!The donuts here at this location are no different than the other locations... fresh and delicious! For all the chocolate lovers, I STRONGLY suggest the "Chocolate Wasted" donut!  It is so soft, yummy, and chocolaty.  The staff here are friendly and patient.  In fact, I believe they are extremely patient, as I sit there in the donut shop, enjoying my decadent donuts, I consistently overhear a bountiful of super annoying customers!!! Some of these super-annoying customers were dissing the maple bacon donut, stating how "gross" they "thought" it would be! Geeeeesh the nerve of some people - don't knock it 'til you try it!!  I, of course, defended the donut and told them it was really good and a very popular donut (and I don't even like bacon that much). Anyways, this is a great local business, a little more pricey than Donut Mart (another great underrated LOCAL donut business), but Rebel Donuts offer a very unique selection that can not be compared to their competitors!
<review# 203,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2013,5/1/2014,122,177,3,8,5>I had heard about this place earlier in the year, we just haven't had a chance to check it out.  My 9 year old niece was in town, so I was looking for some fun things to do with her and my kids.  When I saw her, it was as if she read my mind.  The first thing she asked was if we could all go to the trampoline place.  So we were off to the trampoline place or Cool Springz trampoline park.  The place is in an industrial part of town.  It was a little hard to find.  You have to almost take a secret route under a bridge just to get to it.  Luckily I looked it up and used my trusty Yelp app on my phone to get a feel of what I was in for.  When you get into the building on the right is a laptop so you can fill out a waiver.  It is all electronic, which is awesome because that would be a waste of paper.  Kudos for caring about the planet cool springz.  Once you fill out of the waiver there is a lobby area with a big counter and couple of kids working the registers.  They charge you by the hour and give you a colored bracelet for your group.  This is where I was wondering how they police your hour.  They have a bunch of colors for each hour of the day.  It can get confusing, because you can have a green bracelet with a star or check mark.  It can be a little confusing, luckily they have staff out on the floor.  The lobby has a locker system to put your stuff in.  Don't forget to bring a lock.  There is also a bunch of seating everywhere if you aren't jumping.  Now that we finished all the legal stuff and payment it was time to have some fun!  I used to have a neighbor that had a trampoline and we spent the whole summer jumping on it.  This was when I was in a lot younger.  I thought I was going to jump on these trampolines and start doing flips and look cool.  Boy, was I wrong!  it took me a while to get used to it all over again.  My 2 year old and 4 year old on the other hand got right to it.  They had a blast.  My niece also had a good time.  This place is awesome!  They have a great kids area, a dodge ball area, and a really cool place where you can jump into foam pits.  We all had a lot of fun and a great work out too.  The place also has some cool jams playing as you jump.  I also noticed they have some strobe lights set up too.  If you are looking for a place to take the kids where they can take out a bunch of energy this is the place.  Even if you are an adult, this place is a blast.  They charge $12 an hour.  Which is kind of expensive, but I promise you will have a great time.  It is definitely something different to take the kids to, or even have a date. Cheers!
<review# 204,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2014,4/30/2014,42,124,5,8,6>Read the previous reviews, some yay, some nay.....I'm firmly in the yay camp, but with room for improvement.The good: Service was excellent, attentive, and polite. Food was solid, though I'll complain lightly about the fact that everything is mixed into the egg in the omelette. I like my "fillings" to be just that, fillings. Please partially cook the eggs, place the "fillings" inside, then fold over the eggs, as an omelette should be. Also a salsa other than pace or la victoria would be nice, though not an absolute. Eggs benedict was rather artfully presented, and was well received, so we'll give a thumbs up for that.The bad? not much, just the aforementioned omelette style, and some better coffee would be nice. I'll happily pay 2.79 for a *good* cup of coffee, rather than 1.89 for a crummy cup of coffee, any day of the week. I know some would balk at that, esp at "Abq pricing," but not me, you just can't skimp on the coffee quality. all in all, a solid 4 stars, you won't leave hungry and your wallet will be proportionally lighter as you certainly get what you pay for. Two solid thumbs up, and i'll report back when i have time to try the breakfast burrito.
<review# 205,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2014,4/29/2014,0,3,2,7,4>My teen son backed the car out of the garage while closing the garage door and managed to break the rear window.  I was referred to Chapman Auto Glass and Brian set up an appointment to come to our house and repair the window the next morning.  He had the car all fixed, cleaned up the mess, and the car was ready to go before my teen even got up!  Price was good (I compared!), convenience excellent, and quality terrific.
<review# 206,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2014,4/28/2014,34,55,4,6,5>We opted for the extreme car wash as we had just gotten back from a 4000 mile round trip excursion to NC and back, and a lot of salt and crud accumulated on our car. The wash was quick, efficient, and it came out beautifully, all for $20. Couldn't have asked for a better experience!
<review# 207,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2013,4/27/2014,33,137,2,12,6>I ate here Saturday night with my family and some friends--we thought our kids would enjoy the show, which they did. We had an early reservation (5:30, when they open) and we were all on time and seated promptly (they tell you that they'll cancel your reservation if your entire party isn't there within ten minutes after the reservation). Since there were seven of us, we had the table to ourselves. Service was pretty prompt and our cook was excellent. I had the NY steak and shrimp with fried rice. My friend and I ordered a tuna roll and a dragon roll and I had a Japanese Colada. The sushi was fresh and delicious, as was my main dish--they steak perfectly tender and cooked to rare/medium rare. My colada was rather flavorless. While our food was good and the service was prompt, our experience here was that the staff does not wish for patrons to linger and visit, as the venting over the grill is loud and the waitress rushed us through our entire meal, though we fought with some resistance. I get it--they had reservations (probably every hour) waiting and since they have to fill up an entire table before people can eat, they have to keep things moving. At the same time, considering how much the food costs, it's a drag to be rushed so much.My husband and I came for a 1 pm lunch on a Friday a couple of months ago and the service was much more laid back, but the food wasn't as good. I'm sort of torn as to how many stars to give them. Based on this meal alone, the food was a 4.5 and the service was a 3. Averaged with our lunch experience, I guess a solid 4 is probably appropriate.
<review# 208,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2013,4/26/2014,57,110,3,11,3>Being the only shabu shabu place in town,  it is up to my expectation. The first time I visited, the decor was old and the shabu shabu was average. Definitely not the best that we have had but we live in New Mexico where these type of things are not very popular in the first place.Then just recently we re-visited the restaurant for a gathering. I was pleasantly surprised at how great the restaurant look and the shabu shabu tables were perfect for group gatherings and sharing. The shabu shabu beef was pretty good tho I wish I had choices like before. The soup was not bland at all and after the beef have been in it, it was even more delicious.The service from  both visits were great and tho this time our waiter were just a tad bit unattentive but that was fixed right away since we are the big party. My only gripe is that they did not have ladles for the soups. They gave us little soup spoons and I am like "how can you scoop up soup from the pot into your bowl that way!" So they went the extra length to find us big ladles to use. I really appreciated the gesture. I cannot speak for the other food in this restaurant, but if you are looking for shabu shabu on a cold day, then you may want to visit here.
<review# 209,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2013,4/25/2014,34,128,2,9,8>Who doesn't want to get inspired and have a glass of wine?  This was a wonderful afternoon with my friend.  Very relaxing, creative afternoon.  we brought snacks for our "break" time and walked thru the studio of this charming pottery studio.  Even if you think you can't paint, you can and will have fun doing it!our 'tree' class was filled with all ages and everyone left with a masterpiece...ok maybe not  a masterpiece but a sense of accomplishment  Go with a group, go alone,  tons of fun.  Wines are priced very fairly!
<review# 210,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2014,4/24/2014,23,106,1,5,6>The dentists and staff are wonderful!  I have been going to this practice for 2 years, and they are accommodating to my schedule.  I left my previous dentist of 15 years because the dentist was always too busy to see me, and the staff was rude.  You will not have that problem here.   Both dentists take their time with you and make you feel welcome, and the staff is very friendly.  I really like the location of the practice, too.  I HIGHLY recommend Ross Family Dental!
<review# 211,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2014,4/23/2014,76,131,5,8,10>Like Ernesto, I too have not reviewed the tap room. Shame on us!I love coming to this spot. 1) because I live not far from here. Yay for me! and 2) it has GREAT beer. Maybe the second should be the first. I'm not sure.I also love coming to events here because the downtown brewery is just too packed sometimes. i get frustrated when i can't sit down after a long day of work or there's like one person sitting at a 4 person booth etc. That happens here at this taproom too but I have to tell you that my husband and I have gotten into the habit of offering up our two empty chairs at a 4 person table to other people or asking if we can sit with others. This has turned out to be really fun. We have met some really fun people and even made lasting friendships. This is why...BEER makes you happy! This is why I like neighborhood local business spots. just cool. It's no longer asking your neighbor for flour, its sharing growlers.I extremely love and my mouth begins to water when I think of the Farmhouse Ale, the Imperial Stout, Imperial Red, the Double White...I could go on. I love sitting on the patio in the summer, sweating, drinking a beer, waiting for my awesomely tasty food from Ironwood Kitchen to be delivered. Nothing beats that. sighGet a growler to go from this location as well. And when it's too busy downtown, head to the westside. Or better yet, never mind, stay home. But if you see me, ask to have a seat, neighbor!
<review# 212,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2014,4/22/2014,18,48,2,7,6>We first visited Nexus at the request of a co-worker from NOLA who was looking for some comfort food.  On my first visit I had the Chicken and Waffles (Bacon) and the Oatmeal Stout, my kid had the Macaroni and Cheese with Bacon.  The chicken was juicy and well prepared.  Reminded me of something Grandma would whip up in a 100 year old skillet, and the waffles were perfectly moist, fluffy, and laced with bacon.  My kid LOVED the Mac and Cheese with Bacon, probably one of his favorite things ever.  The Oatmeal Stout was well balanced and really went well with the food.My second visit was with my Wife, this time she ordered the Chicken/Waffles as previously described, sans bacon.  She was very pleased with the overall dish and would likely get it again on our next trip.  If you know my wife then you'd know that this is a monumental compliment as she is basically the pickiest eater in Albuquerque.  I had the Beans and Rice with Andouille sausage.  The first bite was heavy on the pico that topped the dish and carries a good bit of heat that was a little shocking, but the flavor was hitting on all cylinders.  The sausage was tasty and they sure didn't skimp on the portion, I wish I could have had a beer with it but duty commitments prevented me from partaking, so next time I'll have to step my game up.I will DEFINITELY be back!
<review# 213,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2014,4/21/2014,69,414,1,8,4>Wow... thats all I can say.. This place definitely has the best Pho and spring rolls in town.  I usually never can eat an entire bowl of Pho but I knocked this one down like it was water and am extremely full while writing up this review. Saigon Far East isn't the type of place that has all the fancy decor its quite the opposite. This place is what others call a "hole in the wall" and isn't in the best part of town but they sure do make some awesome authentic food thats decently priced. If you are in this part of town I highly suggest checking this place out.
<review# 214,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2013,4/20/2014,292,11,5,10,6>This salon completely exceeded my expectations and has left me in a state of WOW! First off, I am extremely picky with anyone coloring or cutting my hair , so I went in a bit apprehensive, since it was my first time. They greeted me and made me feel really special. I chose Elizabeth Asher because she won best of the city as an expert colorist. She was very friendly and attentive. She wanted to know exactly how I wanted my hair to look. She colored my hair a beautiful auburn colour and put in some honey colored highlights that are off the chain cute! She gave me a lovely cut.. Love my hair! Loved the attention to detail she provided. Everyone in the salon is warm & accomodating. This salon is top notch. So well worth it and then some!
<review# 215,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2014,4/19/2014,37,99,4,12,8>I happened in with Howie K. today, I was a few minutes late and he had ordered the Dong bo pork and Beef clay pot, for desert we had the glazed Chinese apple pear!  I've always been an Americanized Chinese fan, so the Dong bo pork was a real adventure, apparently it is pork stomach (which was very good).  We also shared a pot of organic Taiwan high mountain tea.I'll start with the Dong bo pork, It's served with a dark color sauce and has a really pleasant mild flavor.  Not being a food adventurer I've never had this type of thing before and I think I'm going to bring some friends along to give it a try again.We were then greeted with the Beef clay pot, it is essentially Chinese beef stew, it was my favorite, the portion was plenty for two or more.  There is mushrooms, mung bean noodles, cabbage and various other veggies in the soup.  I wish it was served with a ladle and noodle spoon.  The flavor was spicy and delicious!Finally we were greeted with an apple pear desert glazed in a deliciously sweet sauce, I've never had an apple pear, the texture of the fruit is like that of an apple yet it tastes like a pear.  I would order this again in a second!Through our meal we enjoyed our hot tea, it was really interesting because the tea has such a mild flavor even though it steeps the entire time you're drinking it.  It has a surprisingly light flavor for tea, some seem to coat my tongue but this one didn't, I couldn't stop drinking it!I found our server(s) to be very professional and easy to talk to.  I couldn't have ask for better service, there is another menu, I'll leave the profiled up to other yelpers.  I will say had Howie not been aware of it we wouldn't have been able to dine on such fantastic cuisine.  I'm not sure why samples of the more exotic dishes are not given to tempt us.  If you're dropping in here and are in a bit of an adventurous mood ask them for the "other" menu, I'm sure you'll be interested in what is to be had.  Nicely done, thank you for lunch Budai, I'll be back :)
<review# 216,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2014,4/18/2014,88,190,4,8,6>The fried rice was just ok & the spicy salted shrimp was way too salty. But the rest of the food we ordered was good & satisfied my family's Chinese food craving. Great service, & the lady was really nice & patient at accommodating my picky family's special instructions. Not the cleanest looking restaurant, but you can always order take out.
<review# 217,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2014,4/17/2014,12,60,3,6,5>A little context: I've had about three photography sessions in the past few years with other photographers. I needed professional photos taken for work I do in the world of physical movement type stuff. I am a larger, and very proud woman, and a huge part of my message and what I teach, is that our size has nothing to do with fitness and nothing to do with whether we can take on the same physical challenges as people in different bodies. We are seriously misinformed about size and health. And it is a poor excuse for a lot of people to be arrogant about it. Being a larger person, I get the judgemental, fearful up and down stare from people from time to time. I know it's really about them. This is part of life. Everybody got their thang. It's just not okay and very unsettling when I'm posing for a photographer I've hired and I've gotten this vibe. The whole you are beautiful in spite of being a size 16 instead of you are just beautiful. Not okay when I'm making a point that we all have a right to feel good about ourselves and good in our bodies. I kept waiting for someone to get it. I could see it in the photos. Then I found Kyle. Kyle is the difference between getting a good or the prettiest shot possible, and seeing what's beautifully, imperfect or human--the things that make us unique--and connecting with that. Then she makes it shine in a portrait. I hearby name Kyle Zimmerman The Photo Whisperer. She's also part mad scientist, but you'll have to see that for yourself when you work with her. Kyle was also friendly. Made me comfortable. And was a lot of fun. She kept me in the moment and she kept me real. Everything I wanted. I ended up buying double the amount of prints I had planned to buy. Also, Katie, part of her staff, was a total joy to work with as well. She set up the appointment, called me back when she said she would, made a very clear confirmation call and assisted Kyle during the shoot. I told Kyle to keep her very happy--you can't train employees to have that kind of a service mentality (or kindness in general.) Thank you Kyle.
<review# 218,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2014,4/16/2014,8,37,1,10,4>This place does not have a website and it may be confused with a nail salon by a similar name.  But this is where you should go if you want the best. for less.  They do  manicures, pedicures, facials, waxing, etc.  I've been there three times already and I won't go anywhere else.  The man who does nails is a nail genius. He can do whatever you want done to your nails.  If you don't have any you will when you walk out the door and no one I mean no one will know they are artificial unless you tell them.  If your feet need work go there.  If your eyebrows need attention go there.  If you're thinking if they're that good you can't afford them.  WRONG!!!  Yesterday I got a manicure with clear acrylic and gel polish and an eyebrow wax all for $24.00!!!
<review# 219,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2014,4/15/2014,31,77,3,8,6>I've never been to a vegan restaurant before. I love Thai food and often order vegetarian dishes, so why wouldn't I love this place? Well, I thought it was great. I'll be back.I ordered spicy noodles, veggies only. I don't need soy replacements for my meats and I don't like tofu really, so veggies only fit the bill just fine for me. The lunch prices run about $9 for a very filling portion that includes the most amazing spring rolls and a fresh salad.My friend ordered stir fried (?) veggies. It was just a small bowl of veggies in a tasty broth with rice, salad, and spring rolls. She really enjoyed it. Again, just veggies, no soy replacement nonsense.We both thought that a cheaper price should be available if you go with veggies only. $9 is totally reasonable for a delicious, filling entree, but I'm sure their food cost was next to nothing without any steak or chicken or soy replacements included. Pass along the savings to me!The place is small, so you may have to wait a minute or two because they are good, and people know it. Service was quick and friendly.Next time, and there will be next times (plural), I'm excited about trying their Tom Yum soup.
<review# 220,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2013,4/14/2014,30,252,1,8,5>Best beer in town! It's the only brewery that I come back to on a regular basis to refill my growlers. The silk stout is delicious! The bartenders are very friendly and knowledgeable about the beers they serve and the ambiance of the taproom in the brewery is very comfortable and casual. Even the patrons are friendly and willing to share their beer knowledge or a table if none are available. No food, but there is generally a food truck outside that's not bad.
<review# 221,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2014,4/13/2014,93,370,,6,4>Cheap delicious, and left me happy as a little girl. We had the avocado shake, shrimp fresh rolls, bbq beef Bahn Mi, and the roast  BBQ chicken with vermicelli and egg rolls. For a 20$ feast Vietnamese cannot be beat. May be the best Bahn Mi I have had to date. I always ask the server their favorites she chose the chicken and beef. I thought both were wonderful. Super good Egg rolls, they have a tasty sausage like interior.
<review# 222,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/22/2014,4/12/2014,145,67,3,11,7>When I first joined yelp, I was addicted to earning the yelp badges, so yelp really brought out the Girl Scout in me by showing me all of the badges I was earning, and I was trying to earn as many as I can.  Speaking of Girl Scouts (GS) -- there is a Girl Scouts of New Mexico Trails council patch that GS can earn by completing their "Route 66" requirements.  This is how my GS and I became more familiar with the Historic Route 66 [ historic66.com ].  We enjoyed earning the GS Route 66 patch, and if you know a GS, I encourage you to complete this patch with that GS and her Troop.  This may take you to places like the Pre-1937 Historic Route 66 because one of the options is to learn about the El Camino Real [ newmexico.org/el-camino- ].  The El Camino Real sometimes overlaps the Pre-1937 Historic Route 66.While you are on the Pre-1937 Historic Route 66 [ nps.gov/history/rt66/His ], you get to pass by other historic landmarks and buildings.  One of those is the Old Armjio School [ hmdb.org/marker.asp?mark ] that I see regularly, but I have never actually visited this school (yet).  If you don't feel like visiting historic markers, the Pre-1937 Historic Route has different businesses along its way.  I have been to some of those businesses, but I would like to visit more when I get the chance -- especially the Mom-&-Pop joints.  The drive itself is a fun way to pass time, so you actually do not have to stop anywhere along the way if you do not want to.  When you preoccupy yourself with driving on these sort of routes, you really should be a Sunday driver and take in as much of the surroundings as possible.
<review# 223,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2013,4/11/2014,123,1032,,6,5>This place is awesome for the, ahem, spirits enthusiast. Whatever you want, they'll have something in that arena. I'm not saying they'll have the fanciest, rarest wine, or some beer that is only made in Scotland and goes for $100/bottle, but they have a lot of really good products here.What I really like about this place is that the staff is very knowledgeable. I've come in here more than once with questions about beer (a passion of mine) and these guys always point me to something new and interesting. So, not only a good selection to choose from, but savvy folks to point you in the right direction.
<review# 224,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2014,4/10/2014,157,655,4,9,7>This may have been the pinnacle of Yelp Elite events. I'm really not sure that Howie can improve on this Secret Supper.Starting with a test of Yelpers' geographical knowledge, specifically of Latin America, was a fun initiation and good tie-in.Offering a food porn seminar seemed a bit silly, but it allowed all of us diners to go to town with the pictures and go to almost absurd lengths to land a perfect shot. Then came the food. Plate after plate of food. Oh, and drink. Let's see, there was the passion fruit mate to refresh us after a day's work. Then the pisco sour (not really true to style as far as I was concerned, but still good) came and was both refreshing and boozy. That's a recipe for trouble, but hey, all the food that followed made sure the booze got sopped up.Appetizers started arriving, first the pao de queijo, which was tasty as all hell. Then some ravioli with chorizo, very nice but a tad bit salty for my liking. Then ceviche, which wasn't as lime-heavy as I'd have liked, but the creamy green sauce surrounding it (A+ for presentation on this and all the dishes) provided plenty of flavor. Oh wait, did the empanadas come before or after this? Don't know, but they were scrumptious and the point is that there was so much food coming out I couldn't keep track of it all. Just when I thought we were going to die a slow death from eating small plates of delicious Latin cuisine (that truly spanned a number of different countries), out comes a plate of lomo saltado cooked with a Chinese twist (incorporating soy sauce among other things). This was a healthy serving, rather than the tapas style of every other dish. Oh my. Did he top this goodness with yuca frita (fried cassava) rather than mixing in the usual fries? Elvis, you're a genius, man. I'm not worthy. This dish was rich and had an exceptionally rich sauce and just enough soy sauce to hint at some Asian influence. Getting to the bottom of the bowl, I discovered a concentration of this goodness and contemplated drinking it. The new classy surroundings talked me out of that bad idea. Damn, again my memory failed me. How can I forget the Malbec (of Argentinean origins) that served as an excellent complement to the steak in the lomo saltado. Fine choice, Elvis.Then came dessert. Not to be outdone by the apps and main plate, the dessert offered some tasty oomph: a creamy, mango custard. At this point, Elvis should have come out and done a mic drop, bowed and left the building silently. Game over. However, Elvis and his wife and the staff are all too humble and kind for such grandstanding, and so they actually thanked us at dinner's end. Como? No, No, NO! We should have all knelt and kissed the rings on these folks. They knocked it out of the park.Howie, you too. Finally, let me offer one recommendation for Howie. I love the intimate event and seeing the new faces, but I also have become quite fond of many of our Elites and also enjoy a good crowd. I hope we can get back to having an Elite Event that is open to many Elites and can reward all of us for our contributions. Yelp's created these events to give us an incentive to be active, and thus, an event that cuts out so many of the most active and informative contributors can be a bit hurtful. Let's make the next event big and inclusive and not, well, confined to a few Elite. But Howie, seriously, thanks for a superb event.
<review# 225,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2013,4/9/2014,18,141,3,11,5>I ordered off of the children's menu.  This is definitely enough food.  The portion was as big as any other.  Prices are not terribly inflated, but that doesn't mean you should become a regular here. I could hear my arteries clogging while eating their delicious fries.  They slap butter on the bun just to make sure it's as unhealthy as it gets.  Pretty much a heart attack on a plate, but so good.  We also purchased a custard cake for a party later that evening.  Their prices are better than DQ and it was really good.  We got the Turtle cake.  mmmmmmm
<review# 226,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2014,4/8/2014,47,133,6,12,8>I often find that the simplest dishes give way to a different kind of eating. It is these simple dishes that warm the heart, your tummy, your mind, and make you wonder what you've been doing wrong in your own kitchen because there is no way to recreate them as hard as you may try.One of my favorite things to do is cruise the student ghetto looking for new and exciting places to eat. However, Guava tree was overlooked by myself for so many years. It wasn't until my brother forced me to give up on my own inhibitions and try this place in one area of the student ghetto I try to avoid by myself. Guava Tree is simple, inexpensive, and ridiculously satisfying. Once you overlook the location, the couches that are often used by students and professors working, and a shady part of the neighborhood, it's wonderful. The staff is warm, wonderful, and full of recommendations. The patio is a great place to enjoy a cup of coffee on a beautiful spring afternoon and watch Albuquerque buzz by. What I love most about Guava Tree, however, is the cuisine. Rice and beans, a simple dish, is done so perfectly I'm not sure it can be topped. I usually indulge in the Guava Pinto which comes with beans and rice, avocado, plantains, and a salad. It's the perfect amount of food, it's full of "good for you fats", and is fabulous paired with one of their delicious coffees or espressos. Usually, one person at my table orders a Cubano and I can't help but steal bites off of this magnificent sandwich. I can never finnish a whole one, however, because pork isn't my thing. I can't help but enjoy the heck out of those few bites though. If you're looking for a cozy place to eat lunch with family and friends, this should be on your top 5 choices to try. I highly doubt you will be disappointed with your meal, and if you can't get past the decorations, you need to get your yuppie-self out of the student ghetto.
<review# 227,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2014,4/7/2014,29,49,4,11,9>This Albuquerque classic anytime eating spot sits across Central Ave. from the UNM Bookstore.  There is a reason it has expanded to take up the whole block ... good food at a good price in an interesting atmosphere.Catering to all ABQ walks-of-life, don't be surprised on a Saturday night to be standing in the fast moving line with UNM students, yuppies, families, or Popejoy Hall goers in tuxedo and evening dress.Look over the menu quickly as you stand waiting for the next available cashier under a flashing green light.  Your choices are many but most look towards breakfast (served all day), New Mexican, or the burgers.  I always ordered the breakfast burrito and western style hash browns (green chile and cheese on top) ... until my girlfriend guilted me into trying something different.  Since then, enchiladas, regular burritos, burger, green chile stew, and posole have graced my table or booth.  All very good and don't break the bank.  She swears by the vegetarian burrito coated with as much green chile stew (condiments table) as one can ladle on before overflowing the plate.We always order a "Roll After" so we may enjoy their famous Frontier Roll after dinner without waiting in line.  Just go to the far left cashier or the guys at the tortilla machine and they will set you up.  Be sure to eat this butter and cinnamon covered guilty pleasure fresh out of the microwave.  It stiffens up quickly so share with someone and eat it quickly.Like the Green or Red Chile?  Take some home.Parking is available around the back of the restaurant and behind Saggio's.Two entrees, Frontier Roll and 2 waters will come in around $16.  Enjoy this Albuquerque tradition.
<review# 228,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2014,4/6/2014,50,75,5,7,7>Update:New menuNew decorA field day for your mouth with all the great flavor.if you like Latin American food, this is the first place I would take people out of town.Recent Experience:I LOVE this PLACE!Ok here I go...The NEW menu and the NEW decor gives this place a 10 Stars our of 5. I mean, everything we had was just the perfect meal I can have for the rest of my life!Now, where do I start? THIS IS WHAT A TRUE FLOURISHING BUSINESS DOES! The staff is beyond amazing with insightful knowledge of food.THE FOOD! I love the ideas of all the infused flavors. YES, my mouth was very grateful we ate here! We first started out with a mouth watering pan de queso and a plate-licking-good sauce, the chimichurri sauce. Then, we had an amazing ceviche, mouth blowing empanadas with spinach and goat cheese and last but not  least the well marinated steak dish. But wait, everyone knows that my weakness lies with dessert :) YUMMY!!! The cream and mango puree desert was to die for.What else can I say? This is my favorite place to eat, HELLO, with all of the South American flavors, I feel right at home :)
<review# 229,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2014,4/5/2014,80,44,3,6,5>Came here for the first time and was pleased with the cleanliness and organization of it. I found some really fun vases and a cute purse. The only problem I have is nothing is sorted by size. Maybe that doesn't bother most, but it's something I'm OCD about. They do have them organized by color, which is catchy to the eye. Nothing was just laying on the floor and the cashier was very polite. I'll be back here.
<review# 230,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2014,4/4/2014,92,147,2,5,4>I was sad when Pearl's Dive went away. It was one of downtown's better bars, and marked a shift in the "balance of power" between places like Anodyne and The Chama Taproom and places like The Library and Maloney's. Enter Blackbird Buvette.I'm still not entirely sure what a Buvette is, but can only assume it has something to do with food and beer. Blackbird does both. They have a wide array of taps with many local beers, plus a full bar if that's your thing. The menu is your typical bar food: plenty of variations on a hamburger, a few chicken options, some salads. All of the items are above average quality. The house-made sweet potato chips are what makes it here. They're some serious nom. The prices are "average" for both food and drink.The interior is naturally pretty noisy, something they'd have to work seriously to fix since it's tile floors and a hard, odd-shaped ceiling that I've always imagined amplifies noise. Everything about this place has a small amount of "grit"; less than The Launch Pad, but still evident. They have a "beer garden" in back which is quite nice but often overrun with smokers.
<review# 231,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2014,4/3/2014,50,84,2,7,4>A first class dining experience right in the heart of Nob Hill. The night we went to Elaine's nearly everything about the meal was perfectly executed and delicious. We had the duck confit which just melted off the bone, the tenderloin paired with foie grais, and the salmon. We also heard that they plan on a seasonally rotating menu, so we will be back again soon.
<review# 232,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2014,4/2/2014,102,60,4,11,7>It's been a good little run over at Chama Microbar for me! Pretty much each and every session has been solid in some way. Whether you are sliding in for a beer or two before a concert or to rap with a friend you should manage to find a spot in here.Microbar sells pints. Not much else. A partial offering of Chama River's lineup. One or two seasonals. Hey good enough right? Where can they fit any more kegs anyway? You aren't spending your whole night in here but you do drop in.
<review# 233,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2014,4/1/2014,36,106,3,6,5>I'm very picky when it comes to Asian food. My stomach doesn't always handle it well and I can feel it right away. That being said, I was really happy with my meal at Fan Tang. I ordered the sweet & sour chicken which tasted and made me feel great! I tried my friends' coffee chicken and my husband's spicy noodles and they were really good too. Be aware though: when they say spicy, they mean it! The dishes were reasonably priced and so were the drinks. The atmosphere was great and the staff helpful and friendly. I'm definitely coming back!
<review# 234,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2013,3/31/2014,89,325,3,10,5>Just a fair warning. There is nothing healthy about Down n Dirty Seafood Boil. Oh...and be prepared to get dirty..and I mean very dirty. Now that I've gotten that out the way...break out the butter, garlic, and seasonings!! This place is simple. The menu is straightforward...and there's nothing fancy. That's the beauty of it, I think. You order the seafood by the pound..no half pounds allowed. I ordered the pound of mussels and my hub ordered the pound of shrimp. I got mine Down n Dirty Hot and he had his Cajun hot. There are about 4-5 different seasoning blends you can order, and you can have mild, medium, or hot. You can also order sides, like sausage, corn, or potato for them to put in the bag with your seafood. I recommend the corn and potatoes. They really absorb the seasonings..yum! So we were served a big bag of seafood covered in seasonings and butter with corn and potatoes inside the bag. You can basically make the bag into a bowl and get started. No plates needed! We put our bibs on and got started. Let me tell you..I felt like I was a kid again! It was so fun to eat with my fingers and enjoy the atmosphere of this place. The food was delicious, and I'm so glad we have a place like this in Albuquerque. As far as price goes, you can be as cheap or as expensive as you want. The menu includes inexpensive seafood (crawfish, full shrimp with the head and everything, mussels, clams, and a few others) and the more expensive stuff (dungeness crab, blue crab, and even lobster).Oh..and if you're not into getting dirty, the menu has some clean items like fried clams. calamari, or shrimp served up with fresh, hot french fries! But I think I'll stick to the down n dirty stuff!I loved the place and will be back soon!
<review# 235,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2014,3/30/2014,146,99,,5,2>I originally started coming here back in 2006 when it was Big O Tires since I lived just down the street, then that chain increased its franchise fees, so the owner said I'm doing my own thing. That's when it became The Tire Factory around 2012(ish). These folks are the genuine article. Honest, up-front and Rose knows her stuff. Don't let her front counter facade fool you, this woman knows cars & another reason I like coming here. The other reasons are oil changes for $30 (as of this writing), free tire fixes, good hours (8-6 M-F & Sat 8-4) and transportation to your work if they need to keep your ride for a day.They do it all too, for very competitive prices. I had a motor mount replaced which was bound to happen to the point of complete dissolution after 200,000 miles, and they did it that day, bringing in the part from their whse then prorating the super fast install. I cant sing their praises enough, they're just awesomeness wrapped in rubber! (tires)
<review# 236,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2013,3/29/2014,50,115,2,8,5>Woah. Michael Thomas is now tied with Cafe Giuseppe for best coffee in ABQ. TRY THE MAPLE BACON LATTE. At first I couldn't believe that this existed, but once I tried it, I couldn't believe it's not a national sensation. It's so obvious. It was sweet (but not overwhelming), caramelly, creamy, caffeinated, and served with crumbled bacon and an entire strip of bacon served on top of the whipped cream.My husband had a regular old iced coffee, which was served with coffee ice cubes - a nice touch.The interior is small but cozy, and there is ample outdoor seating as well. The location is a little out of the way from any main strip, but it's in a cute residential neighborhood and seems to attract people from far and wide. I selfishly wish that it were located on my walk to work so that I could stop here every day!
<review# 237,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/14/2014,3/28/2014,2,67,3,5,4>I have to agree with one reviewers (Ryan P.) comment that the Rueben is not really a traditional Rueben but that is the only thing I agree with him. This "play" on a Rueben is excellent. The meat was so tender and flavorful, the slaw was perfect, and the portion satisfied completely. I went with the green chili soup as my side and it was pretty good. It needed a little salt and I prefer cream style but the chicken was spot on. Maybe I will try the chicken sandwich next time.
<review# 238,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2014,3/27/2014,15,103,5,12,7>OK.  You are not really reading this review.  Ok, because see, if you read this review, then you will learn about Albuquerque's best kept secret.  So, forget you ever saw this.I think Antiquity is easily the best restaurant in the Q.  But, I don't want you to know that because then it will be packed, and those 15-20 little tables will be full all the time and I will never get in.  That is also my hint - get your reservations in.Is Antiquity pricey?  Sure.  But, we spent less there than we did at many comparable restaurants in town  (i.e. Marcello's, Vernon's).  Moreover, I think the food is better.  The service was out of this world.  It was five star service, without all the stuffy arrogance you will find other places.  I had the Louis IV.  A nice, perfectly cooked fantastic steak served in a bed of artichoke leaves with a nice compound sauce.  My wife had the special, which was sea bass as I recall.  Service was impeccable of course.The ONLY complaint I could have is that there is not a full bar.  Frankly, I could care less - this is the kind of place where you go red wine all night, instead of getting fancy.
<review# 239,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2014,3/26/2014,0,1,1,4,3>This is one of my favorite Chinese restaurant in the city. Whatever it lacks in looks it makes it up with the food. They have a lunch buffet that let's you pick  your side and entree, kinda like a Panda Express. The buffet has a good choice to choose from. An if you happens to go after the lunch buffet, they make the plates fresh and hot for you! The wonton soup is really good and a must get whenever I go there. The pot stickers are the best! Lo main, fried rice, beef n broccoli, Kung pow shrimp, black pepper chicken, steam dumpling are all great tasting. I'm still working my way through the menu and haven't yet found something I didn't like. The people that own the restaurant are nice and there always there so the recipe doesn't change. Give it a try and don't let the appearance fool you. The food is well worth it.
<review# 240,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2014,3/25/2014,23,88,1,8,3>So many grumpy reviews for a new location! I like to be a rebel and try the "few star" locations too. I went on a Friday night. It was packed, standing room only and the staff was hoppin'! Luckily I wanted my food To-Go anyway. I was picking up food for my family. I ordered 4 meals. It took maybe 10-15 minutes from order to pick up window, and then I was out the door. Service was pleasant and fast. The prices were good. The food... the main event. Yum. Very good. I loved the fries, thin cut and different from the "natural cut" fad thats overrun the burger industry at the moment (at least in my opinion). They were light and tasty. The burgers, my friend tells me were delicious. The hot dogs are also pretty tasty, and all beef. I was a happy camper. The cheese steak sandwiches also got rave reviews at my house. We're hooked. Unfortunately, they are too new to eat there any time soon, but definitely a To Go option worth considering. Skip the drive thru and go inside, much faster!
<review# 241,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2013,3/24/2014,144,168,4,7,5>Love this place. You enter a fantasy world straight out of Downton Abbey, or Edwardian England, and spend two hours sipping three different types of tea, which are perfectly paired with three different food courses. First savory, then scone heaven with freshly-made clotted cream and a jam (ours was a blood orange curd), then the dessert course, if you didn't get enough sweetness from the scones ladened with their accoutrements. They have fancy hats lining the wall leading into the various tearooms. These tearooms can house large groups all the way down to curtained off rooms for four people. The decor is divine and the waitstaff equally so. If your group is small (four or less people), you get to escape into your own little drawing room with the curtain drawn to give you privacy from other guests wishing the same privacy. My friend and I barely noticed there were others doing the same thing just feet away from us. We were thoroughly submerged into another world.Beware: If you're not used to eating a ton of sugar, you may find yourself in a post sugar coma the rest of the day, like I did. Those two hours with my friend were pure heaven, but boy did I suffer afterward. It was worth it. I agree with Lyssa D. about asking for two savory courses the next time I go. For the sweet, I'd stay with the scones course.And beware: The amount of food in front of you is misleading. Yes, they all are samplings, but those samples add up quickly. You may find yourself slowing down on the eating and almost wishing there wasn't more to try. But it's all good. If you can pace yourself, do. And leave the sugar out of the tea on all three, if you can. You won't need it in the end.
<review# 242,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2014,3/23/2014,4,5,2,9,4>Great pieces of sweetness. Been here a few times for after-dinner treats. Major plus for offering gluten-free cupcakes. Although they aren't offered daily, it's great to have a place to go for family with food allergies.
<review# 243,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2014,3/22/2014,15,30,3,5,4>So I have recently taken up woodworking as a hobby to enhance my fiber addiction. I am working on a little project that has taken me into this business 4...now 5 times in 2 weeks. The best thing about Abq Exotic woods is the nostalgic memories of Jr. High shop class. (Yes, I made one of those CD clocks too) and today I went in to finish my project and was informed that the "classroom" is being shut down for the time being....not enough insurance to keep all the power tools on for the general public. Sigh. They are HAPPY to help with in-house milling and sanding by STAFF member only. And the staff is excellent! They have answered all my silly questions about wood and technique that I am actually starting to think I know a little about wood. I think it is a great service to offer milling and expertise to the woodworking (and newbies too) community in Abq. I am going to post a few pics of some of the gallery in the shop here too. Tons of quality local made woodcraft, pens, spoons, cutting boards, sculpture and more.Albuquerque Exotic Woods has a frickin' LOT of wood. Check them out...I might be there smelling some of the planks and looking for the gold smiley face that promises a free block of wood with $10 purchase.
<review# 244,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2014,3/21/2014,65,120,1,10,6>Dinner tonight was better than good.  It was great.I had chile rellenos with red chile because Cervantes makes the best red chile in town.We had great service and a fun time in the lounge.  I honestly can't think of a better place to have a New Mexican food dinner in the town.  There are a couple better places but they aren't open at night.
<review# 245,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2014,3/20/2014,17,149,,4,2>We had a fantastic experience at this mattress firm. The prices were fair, the manager was incredibly kind and they had a large selection to decide from. We were treated with respect and given a fair price. He also threw in a free pillow. We will only purchase our mattresses here. The managers name is Michael. If you're looking for a mattress come here.
<review# 246,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2014,3/19/2014,143,54,7,21,15>Have we stumbled into something great? Moooo! We have.  Sorry for the obvious joke in the line above.  Someone had to, so it's out of the way.  Now for the news!  If you like friendly staff and great brew in a big open venue, then you will enjoy Stumbling Steer.  We needed to see what Luca Park and Min Lee had come up with and the soft opening was the perfect time to do it.  We arrived at 5pm to a nearly full parking lot and a light but curious crowd.  A friendly greeter ushered us in and we chose the bar seating.  As it was still early, this was perfect for getting the scoop on drinks and menu options.  You'll order your flight and look around at what $2 million in renovations buys you.  I see a very similar map of what was the Quarters building, but with much nicer finishing.   You'll see it in the hanging taps, the steer skull lighting and the stainless trough bathroom sinks.  Oh, and the obvious - giant tank on the front roof.  Make no mistake, this place is not your run-of-the-mill brewery.  Instead it follows the increasingly popular gastropub trend.  This means terrific options on the tap, but the food is nothing of the beer nuts, greasy burgers and hot wings variety.  Instead you find options on the menu that may have you googling your options.It's sausage, pâtés and sauces. Even the usual items are a bit fancier and pricy.  (à la your $10 grilled cheese)  Some will welcome it and some will frown upon it.  Whether it will succeed in Abq is to be decided.  Our hunger only allowed for an sausage plate appetizer but we really enjoyed it.  Folks around us opted for calamari, burgers and deep fried mozzarella.  Presentation was good and the smallish burger size was the only detractor I heard.  Some things are not debatable.  The friendliness and will to succeed of Min Lee is one example.  He spent a great deal of time with us explaining every aspect of this venture.  He is passionate and loves this concept.  Another is the skill attributed to master brewer Kirk Roberts.  His American Scotch Ale won the GABF in 2012.  (A small batch remains and I'm told will be shared here around Aug.)  Kirk is laid back and friendly- a great guy. He's a fairly new California transplant, but has taken to our city well.  He loves brewing almost as much as his wife's gumbo and our flights reflected that.  Expect great things once all is up and running.  The highlights for us were the smooth stouts and the chocolate & nut flavors that made the brown really stand out.  They share Sierra Blanca's facilities for the time being but hope to have five or more brews going onsite within a few months.By the time we'd finished our appetizer and second flight, the place was packed.  I was surprised to see so many people waiting patiently to be seated for a soft opening.  (An even 'softer' opening happened the night before)   When it got going it was loud, but fun.   If this continues, Stumbling Steer will be a sure-footed success.
<review# 247,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2014,3/18/2014,51,42,5,10,6>Absolutely scrummy. Yummy+scrumptious=scrummy Do yourself a favor and stop by golden pride, Number 9 nails it. What more could you possibly want- hashbrowns, eggs, bacon AND green chile? The line is almost always long but they've got a good system goin and are always fast...even when the fatty in front of you orders half the restaurant itself. 2 words, 3 syllables: number 9
<review# 248,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2014,3/17/2014,111,33,4,11,6>By looking at Seductions' storefront on Yelp one might think it is located on the bad side of a ghost town. Where's the photo of the store? No review? I know, I get it, sometimes it's easier not to be the first one to review a risqué retail shop. This was a hard one, dare I say a slippery slope; should I take the time to write a review of the great vibrations of Seductions or get sucked into a cliche write up of my visit to their neighbor Nicky V's?The customer service at Seductions was top notch. The young lady was extremely professional and answered all my questions. While I did experience some high pressure sales at this store, it was not over the top or annoying. She informed me that she would be transferring to their sister store, The News Stand on San Mateo/Menaul very soon. It is necessary to mention this because so much of this review's rating can be linked to her knowledge of the products and positive attitude. Customers are able to buy inexpensive items at Seductions, but the main focus are high-end, quality goods that include adult toys, lingerie, and movies. This isn't your stereotypical, seedy adult porn store, Seductions' is well lit and the merchandise is easy to find.Next time you are satisfying that sweet tooth at Rebel Donut, eating a pizza at Nicky V's, or enjoying the food at Chinshan stop by Seductions, Albuquerque's newest Westside adult store.
<review# 249,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2013,3/16/2014,2726,418,2,7,5>Killer tacos on the cheap.When the balloon traffic jam hits all of Albuquerque This location turns its drive thru into 3 lanes..One lane as normal and two into a drive thru carwash..Yep, they take your order inside a carwash stall..Hey It works and they were packed.I found it faster to go inside..
<review# 250,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2014,3/15/2014,42,8,2,5,5>This is a review mostly about B2B's  pesto mayo. There are a lot of good qualities to this restaurant, but the pesto mayo is literally the most blissful French fry dipping experience I have ever had. It's creamy and rich and zesty and refreshing and, and, and.  Everything. B2B pesto mayo is everything. Days I know I will be eating at B2B are spent living for the little plastic cups that play host to this most delicious of dipping sauces. It's that good. Also they put sweet-ass grill marks on their burger buns that just scream 'look at how bistronomic we are!' so there's also that. Go there, see for yourself! B2B is not just a good restaurant it's a tribute to the institution that is the American hamburger.
<review# 251,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/14/2013,3/14/2014,27,66,2,10,5>I came to this tiny hole-in-the-wall sushi place after my coworker forced a coupon on me and made me go there. I was not disappointed. The sushi was good, but does not quite make it to the top of my list (FYI, the top is Sumo Sushi). Nonetheless, the fish was fresh and tasted very good. What stood out more than the sushi were the fresh juices and smoothies. You can pretty much get any combination of juices and fruits! Loved it! The place doesn't look like much from the outside, but is quite adorable on the inside! The entire kitchen is visible to patrons, which I always appreciate. The bar, surfaced with pennies (weird but awesome!), might have been the key touch to making this place stand out aesthetically! And the service was excellent! The owner considered my input on the smoothie she made me and perfected it, adding and subtracting ingredients as requested. This place is great for lunch, and I will definitely return with my friends from work!There are only a couple small down points: The soy sauce was too salty - need low sodium option or a different brand. The place is tucked away and not easy to spot.
<review# 252,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/23/2013,3/13/2014,55,73,2,13,6>Hanayagi isn't JUST a Japanese Garden Shop! They have a great little Japanese gift shop also that is almost like going to a Japanese garage sale. I love the cool gifts, as well as their great collection of windchimes and ikebana & bonsai supplies. This is a MUST VISIT place when I have multi-culturally interested friends in town. It's just too cool to miss.
<review# 253,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2013,3/12/2014,54,13,4,6,5>Such an amazing whiskey selection!  Tell them what you like (sweet, smokey, peaty) and they will help you pick from their amazing selection. Food: best fish and chips in the city. It's difficult not to order them every single time I come here. Very authentically British.  Second favorite is the beef boxty: their Guinness beef stew in a potato pancake. Ridiculous. They totally win for most delicious and most unhealthy salad with their Kerryman Chopped Salad. Mmmm. One of my favorites in town.
<review# 254,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2013,3/11/2014,33,244,1,8,7>Really nice owner & staff - they explain the whole process and you get to watch ice cream made instantly!Lots of flavors, mix ins and toppings - so almost anyone should be able to find something they like.The ice cream is really creamy and they have some flavors I haven't seen around these parts before.Very reasonable prices (the portions are easily shareable) and they have a loyalty card/stamp.Looking forward to my next trip back.
<review# 255,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/29/2013,3/10/2014,65,34,6,9,3>I feel pretty ambivalent when it comes to eating at The Cube. I mean, sure it's bbq and who doesn't love a little smoked meat, BUT.I'm from Oklahoma. And honestly, we don't fuck around when it comes to our smoked meats. And that isn't meant to imply that The Cube is fucking around, it's just meant to say that I have pretty absurdly high standards, and I'm not sure that this is the place where they'll be met. The smoked chicken is pretty good--moist, and with a discernible smoke flavor, but the brisket? The brisket breaks my heart. It's not tender the way I want it to be--it's more stringy, and the smoke ring doesn't have the multiple layers that I'm looking for in a good smoked meat (or a Redwood). THAT BEING SAID.Do you know what is AWESOME at The Cube?THE CREAMED CORN. Holy mother of maize, this shit is GOOD. Seriously. It's not a pale yellow mush like the stuff that comes out of a can, it's brightly colored, has very distinct kernels, and is shockingly un-heavy for something that is basically just a bowl full of thick dairy. This is the one thing that I have had at The Cube that has been consistently delicious, and I would be lying if I said I hadn't stopped in just to order a side of creamed corn to go.That's right. Creamed corn. To go.It's that good.I just wish I could say that about everything else they serve.
<review# 256,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/8/2014,3/9/2014,32,140,5,13,10>This place is not bad at all. Not the greatest that I have ever encountered given that I used to live in CA. Just be prepared for the smell and the chaos, in a sense that if you arent Asian and you walk in there, chance that peeps gonna give you the "ohhhhhhh can we poke you with a stick?" look. Those of you who gonna be like ahhh Asians are racist, well think about the Koreans, they dont even like each other, hence, North and South... JKLet's talk meat: you can find any part of the pig, pork, chicken, duck from here. From the head, heart, liver, balls, to feet. Speaking of which, grill chicken feet are the best...now don't go gagging on me. Want the best stuff? don't buy from the counter, ask the guy to go back to the fridge and get them for you. Let's talk Veggies and fruits: they do have pretty awesome tropical and exotic fruits such as lychee, dragon fruit, durian.... and fresh veggies, the ones that you'd find in Asian dishes. Best day to shop for these? Either Weds or Thurs. Let's talk about their food counter: STAY AWAY, why? cause they aren't the best, and if you have seen how and where they come from, you wouldn't wanna eat it. Though, their roasted ducks and pork are pretty awesome, so moist, so tender and so joocy. They are delectable, enticing and delicious. One bite of that and you can't stop, you gonna keep coming back for more. They don't accept EBT so don't try, not that I have EBT. Why should you trust me? well you don't have to, and you shouldn't just trust strangers!...lol jk but no trust me cause It was my first job working as a cashier there. Was a fun job and at the end of the day, i smelled like a walking 99 Banh market, funny how i was telling the boss what to do and he actually listened...
<review# 257,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2013,3/8/2014,47,245,6,11,5>Oh, lordy. I grew up in Alabama eating at award-winning barbecue restaurants, so my standards are quite high. To me, barbecue is pork, chicken, and maybe turkey. Brisket is good enough, but it weirds me out as bbq. Sauce should be red, thick, and a bit spicy. The meat should have a good char on the outside. Don't even get me started on sides...People do some unholy things to potato salad.All that said, Run-N-Wood exceeds (yes, exceeds) my standards. Not just "It's fine for New Mexico," but "Man, oh, man, I would inhale this stuff in an Alabama minute!" We briefly talked to the owner, Roger, and he told us that he had been all over: California, Texas, Alabama, Louisiana. Methinks he took the absolute best aspects of every type of barbecue and combined it into one amazing place. Since we got takeout, we didn't order the combo plates that come with drinks. I ordered a quarter pound of turkey, potato salad, and fried okra (two of my favorite sides, ever) and got some sauce on the side. The turkey was moist, succulent, and cooked perfectly. The potato salad could go toe-to-toe with any made by my family (shhhh...don't tell!). The fried okra was still great 20 minutes later when we got home. I tried a bit of the brisket that my husband ordered, and it was quite good. We both agreed that the turkey was off-the-charts delicious. I will for sure be ordering that and only that from now on! For a generous amount of food, I paid maybe $8 or $9. Everything came out quickly, and Roger hooked us up with a bounty of red sauce. I may or may not just drink it straight out of the container in the next 24 hours. Far too good for human consumption...
<review# 258,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2014,3/7/2014,78,113,6,11,8>MAHALO!!!! My prayers have been answered!! A Hawaiian food truck! Today I was missing Hawaii...bad. Looking on Yelp, Oahu...lunch plates, shaved ice, ice cream mochi...my heart aching to be back in Oahu. So every few months I Google "Hawaiian Food in ABQ" and bingo! Kimo's Hawaiian BBQ food truck came up! He doesn't have a website, but he is on Facebook. I found where he was serving today and made a mad dash for da grindz! I ordered the daily special Chicken Katsu. ONO! The mac salad was tasty and the steamed rice cooked perfectly and sticky. The chicken katsu...it actually looks and tastes like just breaded chicken cut up and warmed up. But is in a sauce that tastes great! You get soy sauce and garlic chili sauce on the side. The portions are HUGE! On his menu he also has the traditional favs: Moco Loco, Teri Chicken, Teri Steak, Spam Musubi. I believe there were hot dogs and hambugers too. I hope at some point maybe he'll serve shrimp and maybe some kimchi. :DPrice:  $$, but for $8.50 and the amount of food I got, it was worth it. Return % :  95% - I'll be going back for sure. Looks like he does most business between Northside Medical Building and Eye Associates of NM off of San Mateo and I25 (parking lot). Give it a try....it's Oishii! :D Aloha my Yelp peeps!facebook.com/KimosBBQ
<review# 259,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/13/2013,3/6/2014,58,27,4,15,8>I come from a family of Balloonists and attended the Balloon Fiesta all through my youth. The field used to be dirt, bumpy, hilly and sometimes muddy in various spots. Getting around in my wheelchair as a kid was manageable because I was small and had plenty of adults around to help me. Flash Forward to being an adult and I am so glad the field is flat with grass and has distinct, smooth, paved, pathways. It was very easy for me to get around the Fiesta this year. I was struck by how many people I saw with disabilities enjoying the Fiesta. Usually I am the only wheelchair user at an event. I was pleased to be able to blend into the crowd. The Balloon Fiesta is one of the more wheelchair accessible events in Albuquerque. Wow! How cool is that? There is a a lot of Disability Parking available at the Fiesta. If you do use the Disability Parking it is not free. They do have a large golf cart size shuttle that is free and will take you to the entrance. Transferring was not a problem but I could not lift my wheelchair and needed help loading it onto the cart. After being delivered to the entrance I realized the shuttle was probably not worth the hassle. I think it saved me a little time and maybe some energy better used for the Fiesta. Make sure you allow yourself plenty of time to get stuck in traffic and ticket lines so you do not miss anything important. We left our designated meeting place at 4:30 AM and headed out to the Balloon Park.If you are wanting to go for a Balloon ride. I recommend NOT using what I call the "Cattle Balloons." There is only one company allowed to charge for rides during the Fiesta. They use these huge Gondolas that hold up to 15 people. I saw a woman holding up a number leading a crowd of people to the "Cattle Balloons" and I just thought of how undignified the whole experience looked to me. Not to mention how dangerous flying within the city limits can be with all the power lines, overwhelming amount of balloons in the air and limited places to land safely. I would hate to be in a balloon with 14 other strangers under those circumstances. If you want a real hands on and off the beaten path experience then do what I did. Sign up to be part of a Chase Crew during the Fiesta. Here is a link people used for 2013 on how to sign up: balloonfiesta.com/pilots. You will get an invaluable experience. One where you will learn about what it takes to be a true part of Albuquerque Balloon Fiesta history and culture. Depending on circumstances you may even get lucky and get a free balloon ride during the Fiesta. If you are concerned you may not have what it takes, think again! I am a wheelchair user and I had plenty to do as a Chase Crew Member. I loved it and will do it again. Balloonists are generous and kind people. They welcome those interested in being part of their team. Be prepared to work hard and play hard if you choose this option.The food and drink at the Fiesta was alright. I had a breakfast burrito from a place I can not remember and it was mostly potato. I followed that with a large hot chocolate that was not bad. The food and drink gave me the carbs I needed and warmed me up. I had to ask the Counter Person for help getting my hot chocolate and a lid because the counter was not accessible.The price was not outrageous either but not cheap. I did pay $7 for a Balloon Pin and $22 for a Balloon Fiesta T-Shirt. This was more than I wanted to pay but worth it because I really wanted them.
<review# 260,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/14/2013,3/5/2014,70,134,5,6,6>Mmm, fancy for ABQ~ right up my alley! Lots of staff, pretty friendly, always bustlin'.Their coffee and lattes and all that caffeinated jazz is great, they have healthy breakfast choices and their breakfast burrito is light but still filling. I take the momma here for a nice brunch or during-the-week-ladies-treat. I haven't had many pastries, that's not my thing these days, but I do love their croissant and their cupcakes at least look pretty.They also have little treats, powders for cocoa and little gifties. Always handsome men there when I go, too. Score. This is also the place where I predicted Lydia from Breaking Bad would be getting poisoned. Nailed it.
<review# 261,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2014,3/4/2014,62,114,4,8,6>When I found out some spots opened up for this event last minute, I was very happy to snag one of them. I knew this event would be one I would regret missing and I'm thankful for the snow that scared some folks away :). Anyway! this event was a lot of fun. I had never done a blind wine tasting before so I was looking forward to making my best guess. I only got 1 out of 4 right but it was still fun drinking and guessing and hearing what others had to say about it. Slate Street really did a good job of making us feel welcome and happy. The loft area we were occupying was nice, cozy and modern. With the wine bar being the center of attention. The cheese with dried fruit and vegetable spread they had for us to enjoy was absolutely amazing! and the appetizer that came with the wine tasting was delicious. I have been meaning to try Slate Street but hadn't had a chance. I will definitely be returning with my other half for a nice lunch or dinner. Thanks again to the Slate Street staff and Howie for another great event. I look forward to each and every one.
<review# 262,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2014,3/3/2014,15,139,3,8,4>Lush is about 4-star good in general, which is pretty good, but stellar 5-star GREAT for the gluten free crowd. The breakfast "pizza" is a winner (it's the only menu item I've tried so far). Make sure you specify gluten free when you order - the "GF" tag on the menu means that gluten free is available, and not that the item is gluten free. This mostly affects the additions that accompany the entree, like muffins, tortillas, toast, etc. The Lush folks are very nice and generous. I failed to specify gluten free and got a glutinous muffin and tortilla instead of GF toast. To make up for *my* mistake they gave my wife and me two complimentary GF brownies, which didn't look like much but were AMAZING, as in better than most conventional brownies amazing: chewy, richly flavored, multi-textured, not overly sweet, etc! Can't wait to go back!A small gripe: the sound control/management inside is poor when it is busy. This is easy to fix by simply filling the walls with small framed art, which is why you never find bare walls in corporate restaurants. I couldn't hear what my wife was saying even though she sat directly across from me at a small table.
<review# 263,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2014,3/2/2014,56,63,4,7,5>I was able to schedule an appointment on Facebook. I scheduled my appointment with Antoina. When I walked in to the salon, it had a very trendy feel. I was offered a robe and sat down in the comfortable seating area. I do wish there were magazines to read because where I was sitting I could only look at the people sitting across from me (they were pretty affectionate.) and I was a little uncomfortable. I pretended to look at products for a few minutes. After a short wait, Antonia greeted me by name, as if I was an old friend, and took me back to her station. I showed her a picture of a cut I liked and she enthusiastically agreed that would be a great/fun cut. While washing my hair she gave a much needed head massage. The whole time Antonia was cutting my hair, I felt as if I was catching up with a good friend. She was very personable. I was extremely satisfied with my cut (I am hard to please) and have scheduled a follow up appointment in 8 weeks. Antonia reminded me to come in for a between hair cut clean up (free of charge) in about four weeks. I have since had many complements on my hair. I am so happy to have found my local "hair lady."
<review# 264,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2014,3/1/2014,14,74,2,5,3>Had the opportunity to attend one of their open houses recently with a friend and being a novice on the aescethics thing I was a bit apprehensive about the whole deal. I am glad I went.The whole staff was extremely professional and were eager to share the latest and greatest in spa techniques, everything from dermal fillers to tattoo removal.After the open house, I decided to make a move and get rid of a bad decision I made about 18 years ago( not one of my finer moments) and get rid of my tattoo.Robin used the laser on my ink of my leg and after one treatment the tint of the color lightened considerably. I probably need a couple more treatments and it will be gonefor good.Yet another was bothering me. I have always had dark circles under my eyes that make me appear that I haven't slept in days. I tried a myriad of things to make them look better but no solution. Pam at Flawless told me about Juvaderm which is essentially a filler that fills lines and wrinkles which makes the skin softer in the vicinity and eliminates the dark circles. Pam was a master at her craft and overall it was a pleasant experience that I would highly recommend because the results were fantastic.Prices are good but with membership options it considerably less expensive. I still think the service there takes the cake.
<review# 265,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2014,2/28/2014,58,80,3,5,4>This place is one of those that only people in the "know" are aware exists. Body sugaring is a natural mix of sugar and other ingredients to create a wax like mixture that is gentler on the skin. Unlike the wax pots at salons they can use the wax again and again the sugaring mixture cannot. The staff is wonderful and really nice!
<review# 266,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/15/2013,2/27/2014,39,137,2,6,7>I've been here a couple times now and have always been pleased with the food. I mostly come here for the #13, which is the rare beef Pho, and it never disappoints. We came for lunch the other day, and it was really busy, however, the service was still pretty good and our food came out quickly and hot!I've tried MANY vietnamese places in this town, and this one is right up there with the best of them. The atmosphere/decor is nothing special ( as in most authentic places), but we come for the food, and that's what counts. I'm giving them a 4 star because I've never had a bad FOOD experience here :)
<review# 267,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2013,2/26/2014,81,210,4,9,4>OK, after having had the pizza from SUP many times now, I had to change my review. I've had a few different pies, but I tried the Devil Dog pizza and holy wow...SO freakin' GOOD! The bacon and roasted garlic take it up a notch and a half. It is a tad expensive, but it's worth it. I mean...I am now officially willing drive 20-30 minutes to get pizza there when I'm at home--It's that good. I am thinking about moving closer to this place just so I can have it delivered to me. Yeah...yum.
<review# 268,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/21/2013,2/25/2014,90,146,1,7,4>What a cute place! Great location on Central and 5th Street. Bar seating and tables and chairs. The food list was awesome. I had the Cali wrap with chips and shared the Butter Nut Squash and Green Chile Hummus with my client. The prices were great. They have a full liquor license too. My client had a beer on draft. They have excellent beer choices to choose from. I would go back again with friends or take another client.
<review# 269,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2014,2/24/2014,52,169,2,5,3>I finally checked out TBB for breakfast last weekend and had a pretty pleasant experience.  The service was great and our meals came out pretty quickly.  The downstairs dining area is pretty small, but I didn't get a chance to check out the upstairs dining area.There was a short line at the order counter, but the cashier was friendly and our food came out pretty quickly.  I opted for the carne adovada burrito w/ Christmas (I'm getting the hang of this).  The carne was tasty and not overly spicy.  There was quite a bit of iceberg lettuce and not so much meat, but it was a filling meal.  The coffee was great and our waiter made sure our mugs were filled.My daughter had the Little Betty, which includes an egg, potatoes, toast, bacon, and a side of fruit.  It was a great little meal for $4, and for some reason they comped her meal.  Be sure to check this place out if you're in the area.
<review# 270,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/27/2013,2/23/2014,125,201,3,12,10>My family & I live really close to this restaurant, in fact, we walk to it when we go.  We have had lunch & breakfast and they are both really tasty.  The blue corn pancakes were really good and so were the regular pancakes. The lunch menu was also really good, and each item on the menu is affordable and a good value. We will definitely continue going here.
<review# 271,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2013,2/22/2014,151,116,4,9,6>So I've been on the Atkins diet lately but when I got wind of this new chocolatier/cafe in town, I was so intrigued that I just had to pay a visit.  Ketosis be damned!  And really, it was worth every carb. You know those Werther's commercials that feature the little girl in a soothing, warm, comfy candy shop on a cold winter's day?  Well, walking into this shop is like walking into that commercial.  I was struck by how inviting the space is, featuring dark hardwoods and twinkling garland lights strung around railings.  Four glass cabinets offer an abundance of chocolate truffles, caramels, nut clusters, fudge, and apples.  Large trays of freshly dipped chocolates rest on the dipping station.  A vat of gorgeous, luscious melted chocolate swirled 'round and 'round.  Oh, and the goods?  Simply divine.  The mocha latte I ordered was made with the same chocolate (Guittard from San Fran) featured in the candies, a dark Italian espresso, and was just the right amount of sweet, bitter, and rich.  The macadamia "Lobo" cluster offered chunky bites of buttery macadamia nuts, a toothsome caramel interior, and a dark chocolate shell.  We loved the pistachio chocolate cluster, which contained salty, fragrant pistachios in the same luscious dark chocolate.  Last but not least, the chocolate caramel apple boasted a juicy green apple enrobed in some of the best caramel I've ever tasted and draped with a generous layer of chocolate. So, I blew my diet but I'll do it again, because this place is a treasure.  I'll come by for a morning latte and then some evenings for an after-dinner treat.  I imagine these candies would make great gifts as well. The Chocolate Dude is now on my "favorites" list and I bet it'll make it on to yours, too.
<review# 272,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2013,2/21/2014,69,171,12,12,9>How to cope with Sadie's at 6:00 on a Saturday night:1.  Waiters.  Send in your waiters around 5:20.  (No not the kind that wait tables, I mean your boyfriend or spouse.)  The waiters go in and get on the waiting list, order margaritas from the bar, and call you to tell you when the table will be ready.  What they sacrifice is 45-60 minutes in a waiting room.  What they gain are the free margaritas you are going to pay for when you arrive.  2.   Vintage Table-Pac Man.  After a couple Silver Coins I'm usually feeling pretty competitive for Pac Man.  One of the machines is fast but glitchy so you might lose your quarter, the other machine with Galaga is slow so you'll lose your buzz.  2.  Margaritas.  The phenomenon that is Sadie's isn't so much about the food as the experience.  Part of that experience is the margaritas.  Coping requires either a pitcher split 4 ways or a couple Silver Coins.  I usually get a pitcher just because it's fun to do so and you can force all your modest friends to have a margarita.  Caution, you will need a driver after only 2 silver coins.3.  Salsa.  Sadie's salsa is extremely hot and for some strange reason, eating more postpones the inevitable pain.  The incentive is to keep shoveling the salsa down without stopping.  I suggest you let the pain kick-in and heal about 3 minutes before your food shows up or you won't be able to taste your meal.  Also, Sadie's portions are huge so you do not want to fill up on chips.4.  Budget.  If you're simple folk like me, you'll have noticed the prices rising.  This has forced me onto page 3 of the menu.  I never even knew they had a 3rd page!  This is where you find the burgers for $7.99.  Also, splitting plates makes a lot of sense as the two will neither feel hungry nor over-stuffed.5.  Exit Strategy.  Your waiter will be slammed.  (Both the guy who was waiting around drinking margs for an hour and the guy with about 526 tables waiting for their check).  I thank yelper Flozilla B.  for this one, but last night when we had finished eating and the kids were running around chasing the mariachis and playing in the fire place, I was trying to tackle our waiter.  Flo pointed out there is a cashier at the front.  So instead of watching this poor man try to separate checks for a thousands customers, you can take your own check to the front and there was no line!
<review# 273,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2014,2/20/2014,57,110,1,8,6>It was so much fun being the first Yelp event of the year! It was good to see my fellow yelpers and catch up about the holidays and meet new ones! The food is amazing! I knew the coffee was good before but the food is AMAZING! It was also pretty awesome that we got a tour of the shop, glad they are expanding. I hope that things work out because this is a great cafe with some of my favorite greasy spoon dishes. BTW: If you go for dinner get the Steak it was cooked perfectly!
<review# 274,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2013,2/19/2014,34,55,1,8,3>I've eaten at Kelly's a few times. It's decent, a little overpriced, but pretty good. The menu is pretty small, but diverse, so I feel there's something for everyone on there. This past time I went I had a bison burger with cheddar and bacon. It was delicious! We also had the deep fried green beans appetizer - a guilty pleasure. The service here seems to be pretty good usually, and this past time was no exception, even though the restaurant was full to the brim with a breaking bad viewing party. There is a nice beer selection as well, with plenty to choose from.
<review# 275,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2014,2/18/2014,33,177,2,7,4>As a long time fan of Cafe Trang, Pho Bar's sister restaurant in the international district, I was thrilled when this place opened up to bring their delicious Vietnamese cuisine to the westside. Despite a few hiccups in service, Pho Bar has continually improved their craft and has become my favorite spot for Vietnamese, especially when it comes to the pho and bahn. When it comes to the menu, Pho Bar has all the bases covered. The pho, probably the most popular order at any Vietnamese restaurant is incredible. The rich, decadent broth sports layers and layers of amazing flavor which is only strengthened by the tons of fresh veggies adorning the garden plate and the numerous options for protein. My personal favorite is tendon and rare steak. Now, it may sound weird, but they have the best tendon here. Thinly slice so it becomes very tender and soft (not chewy and knobbly like at other places). Other soups like the lemongrass soup or the spicy bun bo hue are truly excellent as well. These folks really know their broth.The grilled options, whether they're on rice, vermicelli noodles, or vermicelli patties, are seriously amazing. Quality cuts of meat, char-grilled to perfection and served up with various delightful options like sliced egg rolls, fried egg, various homemade sausages, or shrimp, make these a worthy alternative to the soups. Their shrimp sausage grilled on sugar cane is one of my favorite foods of all time. It's sometimes a challenge to find the entree that has exactly what I want toppings-wise, but I am rarely anything less than thrilled with my order. All their ingredients are noticeably high in quality and served in large portions that are generous with the meat and veg.On the appetizer side of things, there's one minor blemish, as the spring rolls are only average. However, the bahn are sumptuous and perfect, especially since they offer the rather rare shrimp sausage bahn mi (which is just irresponsibly delicious). Others starters such as stuffed chicken wings, calamari salad, and bahn are delicious enough to make ordering an entree seem superfluous. And finally, on the note of their service: Pho Bar had a pretty rough start in this area, as other reviewers have noticed. However, they have completely turned that around. The service is now quick, efficient, and friendly. Everything I'd expect from a top-notch wait staff. Coupled with the great prices, amazing food, and beautiful location, I have no reservations about giving this place 5 stars. Highly recommended for anyone with any interest at all in Vietnamese cuisine.
<review# 276,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2013,2/17/2014,33,137,2,4,3>Mmmm. Delicious. I was surprised this place was not packed for a Saturday night. I think they will pick up considerably when they move to their new location on Central between 3rd and 4th. I'm waffling between four and five stars. I think I'll give four now and if the food is as good next time, I'll update to five.I came with my husband, our kids and my parents. Some may be a bit surprised that this place is such a hole in the wall considering it is downtown, but I quickly got over it. The place was freezing when we arrived but seemed to warm up over time. The new waitress screwed up many of our orders (3/6) but they weren't so off that we were that upset. Also, Umut charged us for what we ordered and not what we were given, so that was nice. He even brought out my dad a side of lamb kebab on the house. I had the leg of lamb kebab special. There were probably 5-6 ounces of cubed lamb (lots!!) served on a bed of rice alongside salad, four small slices of flatbread (is it called bazlama? Like pita, but I could taste the tart yogurt in it), and tzaziki. I also had Turkish tea, which was quite strong, black tea-not sweet. I think I was expecting hot, sweet mint tea like what I used to get at a Jordanian restaurant here in town many moons ago. The food was excellent. Truly excellent. I could live without the rice and didn't eat much of it, but otherwise fabulous. I ate all of it, though I gave my husband some lamb because I thought I was going to pop. My parents had the same as I, though I think my dad's was the spicy ground lamb along with the side of kebab. My kids were supposed to have received the kofte kebab sandwich, but they were given the meal with rice and salad. My daughter liked it, but my son is picky and won't eat much of anything. He liked the meat and the bread and then he was full. I'm not sure what my husband had-there were little strips of beef cooked with vegetables. It was tasty, but I liked mine better.Near the end of our meals, Umut chatted with us for a good while. He was very friendly and interesting. They brought a small dessert as a part of the meal-a little cube of outstanding baklava for each person. Yum. Umut said he personally made it that morning.When you are finished dining, you go to the cash register and pay (not sure why others found this to be disconcerting). Umut was quite the charmer and even gave me a bottle of peach nectar on the house. Thanks!! We will definitely be back.
<review# 277,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2014,2/16/2014,42,124,6,8,6>Word of warning. don't get a breakfast burrito unless you're eating it there. As fellow Elite Keith said, they just grab a pre-made and drop it in your bag, viola....and yes, it's always cold. the ONLY way to do it is get it there, and get it smothered....and by golly, it was pretty darn good. I had sworn never to go here again after my experience w/ the "pre-made" BB at the lomas location, but met family here a while back (i think this is the biggest location they have) and it was darn good. also got a cinn roll, wowzers, that sucker is like diabetes waiting to happen! yes, I enjoyed every bite of it too....excuse me while i look for my insulin....oh yes, the cinnamon roll. light. fluffy. buttery. sugary. did i mention buttery? yes, it's good.
<review# 278,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2014,2/15/2014,34,128,1,6,5>Love the Co-opWhat better way to shop local..great organic produce, local faire of all kind.  This is a small grocery.  The staff is knowledgable and incredibly friendly.  I joined and love all the perks you get as memberThere is a large selection of vegetarian and vegan foods from all over.  The there are many varieties of fresh locally made breads including the best store bought tortillas (sabroso foods) and gluten free breads. Cheese your thing? Check out the giant selection, blue, goat, Brie..ah you had me at the dairy counterFresh ground peanut and almond butters, local honeyReally everything you needBe sure to bring your own bag and reap the .10 reward or pay it forwardLocal local local. What's not to love?Ps there is a yummy hot food bar for lunch or quick per made meal to take or eat there
<review# 279,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/4/2013,2/14/2014,122,177,4,9,6>Urban Hotdog CompanyWe are West-sider's.  Imagine I am crossing my fingers and forming a "W."  Ok, now that we got that silliness out of the way.  As we drive in the area running errands, we would always see the kid with the sign for this place.  After weeks of seeing this sign.  I felt compelled to visit this hotdog spot.  So one Sunday afternoon the family was packed up in the car and we finally went to check out what this was all about.  We had a place similar to this in Las Vegas NV.  They served bulgogi hotdogs, and angry kimchi fries.  So my expectations were on high when we made it to Urban Hotdog Company.  We walked in and wasn't sure if there was a waiter or counter order.  To my relief you order from the counter.  The fountain station is hidden, so I was a little worried.  You can tell I try to avoid wait staff.   Sorry no offense,  I just didn't want this quick lunch to be a complete mission.  The employees greeted us promptly and I thumbed through my trusty Yelp app to check all the wonderful pics my fellow Yelper posted of the fare.  At that moment I kind of panicked.  I didn't know what kind of hot dog to order.  So I played it safe and ordered a Chicago dog.  My wife ordered the bahn mi hot dog.  I also order a couple plain hot dogs and plain french-fries for my daughters.  I talked to what seemed to be an owner or a manager.  I told him the sign sent me.  He was happy, and said, "well I'm glad it's working."  The food was fantastic.  Don't get me wrong, I may have ordered a boring hot dog, but this  Chicago dog was spot on.  My wife's hot looked amazing too.  The menu is creative, and the hotdogs and bread used are great and quality.  The portions are a good size.  They have an assortment of different french-fry options.  They also have a punch card where your 11th hot dog is free.  Overall a great alternative to the sea of fast food places surrounding this little hot dog joint.  If you are in the Westside you have to try this place.  You won't be disappointed.  There so much more menu I need to try that I have to go back.  Cheers!
<review# 280,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/2/2013,2/13/2014,23,106,2,6,3>Come for the donuts, not the service.  The donuts are delicious and unique.  My favorite is the red velvet, and my daughter loves the Barney Rebel.  The customer service is lacking, and I felt as if I was bothering the lady  behind the counter by asking to buy a dozen donuts.
<review# 281,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2014,2/12/2014,149,18,1,6,4>Great customer service with great treatments offered for different needs. I love the Lipo treatments that are helping me get  my goal results. I would recommend this treatment to anyone looking for some extra help to getting great results, as an add-on to going to the gym.
<review# 282,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2013,2/11/2014,52,86,3,9,5>Nexus is my new favorite place to eat. It's located in a weird spot (along a frontage road overlooking the freeway), but don't be fooled. This place is comfort food manna. If you're looking for genuine soul food in the 505, look no further. Legend has it that Nexus is owned by a bona-fide Louisiana native, straight from the heart of New Orleans. Seeing as to how I left a piece of my heart in those Southern swamps, I was excited to see what Nexus had to offer. After all, Louisiana was where I tasted the best food I'd ever eaten... Nexus didn't disappoint. The chicken and waffles are incredible (though, be prepared to wait about 20 minutes for your order to come fresh out of the fryer.) I'm a chicken sandwich fan, and I've never had a better one than at Nexus Brewery. And that doesn't even take Nexus's craft brews into consideration. I'm not a drinker, but I'm married to a self-proclaimed beer nerd. He'll vouch that the brews here are fantastic. And so is the staff. This isn't just a definite "Go", this is a "why aren't you here yet?"
<review# 283,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2014,2/10/2014,76,131,3,10,5>"So you're telling me I can have as many toppings as I want, everyday, anytime for $6.95""Yes!""Okay"So went the convo in line at the new Wisepies. Other reviews were right, it has a Togo feel and seeing as the tables were full, we took the opportunity to drink our local Marble brew and have pizza at home. I tried the Columbo...I'm a fan of yummy white pizzas and this one didn't disappoint. I added Capicola ham, which was a great addition. The garlic béchamel sauce was savory and garlicky and oh so yummy. The lingering flavor on my tongue was heavenly. I opted for the wheat crust, which was a great choice. I could have used it a little longer cooked, but overall was thoroughly happy with the decision to stop here. The sauces, the availability of toppings was amazing. Try it, you might like it. But stay away from the desserts...high dollar and not worth it.
<review# 284,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2013,2/9/2014,88,190,1,13,7>What else can I add to the review. Everyone pretty much summed it up. Great pizza! I only tried the pepperoni green chili pizza & it was pretty darn good. Great tomato sauce & great crust. Thin, slightly crispy, not soggy. The green chili wasn't too spicy, just had the right amount of kick. Now one of our favorite pizza places. Expensive though. I think it was $16 for a medium pizza? But well worth it. Nice owners too. Will definitely be back.Update: came back & ordered half pepperoni & half white. They had no problem doing it & halved it perfectly. But white pizza was not so good.
<review# 285,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/18/2013,2/8/2014,44,107,,9,5>Jimmy's has the working lunch figured out for their patrons as you can be in and out quickly with a satisfied belly.A lot of menu choices, friendly and fast service, and reasonable prices.  The parking lot is usually packed at rush but otherwise pretty easy to get in and out.My favorite is the Albuquerque Turkey in a spinach wrap with either a side salad or cream of green chile chicken.  Everything is always fresh, hot, and very tasty.
<review# 286,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2013,2/7/2014,37,99,2,9,5>I don't think I could have ask for better food, service and atmosphere, our waitress was *super* nice and fast.  We happened in during tuesday $1 slices from 2-4 and also had a salad.  I love their New York style pizza, nothing quite like folding your slice into a pizza sandwich!
<review# 287,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/16/2014,2/6/2014,69,414,,7,4>I work out in Mesa Del Sol and when I first started working here 3 years ago there was nothing out here besides the DEA building, ABQ Productions, and Journal Pavilion. Now they have expanded so much. There is now a town plaza which hosts Roses Cafe and a public gym, parks, dog park, beautiful new homes, UNM has a arts and cinema branch in the town plaza, Fidelity call center moved in as well as a solar company. There are also plans for a few businesses that should be coming soon which I cant wait for.
<review# 288,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2013,2/5/2014,12,60,3,6,4>Been craving Italian lately, and not to point fingers or anything ABQers, but when I did a yelp search to quench a friend and my craving for pasta, all we got were pizza parlors that just happened to also serve pasta. When M'Tucci's came up in the search we didn't want to schlep all the way over to Coor's. And as murphy's law would have it, once we surrendered and decided to go, Siri led us to a completely isolated spot with no businesses or anything around about a 1/3 of a mile west of the actual restaurant so we spent a good 25 minutes (hungry as heck) trying to figure it out. We're pretty sure Siri was trying to get us kidnapped.First: ask for Jared for your waiter if he's around. We DEFinitely heckled him (after  almost getting into a major car accident and the bad directions) and he rolled with the punches and turned the whole night around for me. Okay, now the food:My friend had the Cesare Griglia salad with grilled romaine lettuce. It was great and even came with a couple slices of bread.I had the Fromaggio Di Capra, a mixed green salad with beets and goat cheese and pickled onions. I felt too much tartness at every turn, but when I reported it to Danny, the manager, he told me it was probably because I'd had some lemonade with it. Maybe. I'm a bit of a vinegar monkey so I feel like my tolerance is high. I like a bite to my salad dressing. But I still felt like it needed some balance. Whatev. He was definitely all over it though. He tasted the dressing himself. In front of me. Right out of a little ramekin. With a fork. He was also nice enough to comp our desserts because of it, so it's all good in my mind.This is also because our pasta was so delish. We both had the Pappardelle Del Giardino. Ribbons Of Pasta, Artichoke Hearts, Braised Kale, Parmesan, Caramelized Onions, Lemon Vegetable Brodo. We both just inhaled it. My only other kvetch is that they just don't give bread away. IMHO, it's a $3 charge they should just factor into the price of the food. It would have been amazing to have bread to sop up the broth at the bottom of our pasta bowls. But I just need a couple slivers of bread. Not a whole side of it.Desserts were great, especially for a restaurant that I don't think employs a pastry chef. Now I used to be a professional pastry chef, back in the day, and I love lemon tarts but I like some tartness. And this was just perfect. Sweet. Tart. Amazing crust. Little pieces of candied lemon peel peppered throughout. My friend had a very light and delicious sponge cake with white mouse filling all rolled up. We also had a great time. Jared and Danny were really funny and we had some great conversations. Totally worth the schlep from the east side of town!
<review# 289,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2013,2/4/2014,31,77,3,5,4>Dang! Max is good. I kept looking over at my friend saying, "I don't understand! I just don't understand!"Max has quite a few years of experience in magic, and it shows. He's great in front of a small crowd and keeps everyone connected and entertained.A few times, I thought things were going too slowly and he needed to get own with it and then, all of the sudden, you break through a point in the trick and the whole opening part was on purpose and totally necessary. Again, I just don't understand.Max just re-did his theater room. It's quite nice. And quite intimate. It's the perfect size for Max's show. For the next update, Max needs some more comfy chairs. If the show had been longer, the hard folding chairs would have been rough.Come see Max. He's top tier. And so is his Yelp-red blazer.
<review# 290,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/15/2013,2/3/2014,41,129,1,6,6>Great atmosphere. We went here for a wine tasting. I believe it was 7 or 8 dollars to taste their wines. You truly got a taste. I thought we would get a more generous sample. Next I'll just buy a glass of wine. They also do half pours if you ask. A normal pour is pretty heavy. Bring snacks too and enjoy the beautiful scenery.
<review# 291,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2014,2/2/2014,30,252,,7,4>Showed up at 4:20 and there were still a few tables available. We decided to try all the seasonals in a flight plus one regular beer. So we had the Oatmeal Stout, Pale Ryder,  Scale Tipper, Back Packer, Amarillo Red and the Cumulus Wheat.Cumulus Wheat IPA: good flavor, definitely a hefe-IPA hybrid with a citrusy  finish.Pale Ryder Rye: sweet on the palate with a better finish.Back Packer Belgian Style Dubbel: No scent at all, chewy with a sweet finish.Scale Tipper Double IPA: floral aroma with a hop forward flavor.Amarillo Red Red Ale: good flavor, but can't place it.Oatmeal Stout: coffee on the nose with a smokey flavor and bitter finish.All in all, the beers were excellent. We followed up with two fresh soft pretzels and stone ground mustard. Very good!Service was quick, but a little standoffish. The atmosphere is comfortable and casual.
<review# 292,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2014,2/1/2014,93,370,7,7,5>As the man sitting next to us at the counter said when I asked how the chili dogs were. "I have been eating for 40 years, they are a bit spicy for me but I keep coming back."This is a place I will be taking any visiting friends, that are not communist vegetarians. Not that that is an altogether bad thing, but there are no options besides cheese fries or a milkshake. That said this is a route 66 classic with a brightly colored interior with booths or a counter to eat at.  I love landmarks like this. The Ladies making Lunch certainly are keeping it real- thanks dolls. This place is a car hop too, so if you are too fat, lazy, or just do not want  to get out of your car do not worry a cheerful car hop will be along shortly. We opted to go inside and eat, eating chili dogs in the car is a gamble with staining yourself and the interior.  I think I went through like 10 napkins inside just keeping my face from looking like a toddler eating with no fine motor skills.The Dog house is an old hole in the wall dive, with food that tastes good and causes almost instant indigestion. But that is what I want when I am making the decision of eating  chili hot dogs and chili cheese fries and soda. Sometimes you just want some good American style comfort junk food. This would be the perfect place to load up a potential lethal gas blast to destroy your enemies. We had 2 1/2 Chili dogs, a large Chili Cheese fries, and lg Dr Pepper. The total came to $9.27. When I hear Chili dog I usually think of the kind laden with beans and  meat. I was pleasantly surprised to find it was just molten fiery NM style Chile sauce, no pieces of meat or beans here. I love spicy food, and this stuff was just at the edge of having to stop for a min to catch your breath and savor the spice. The hot dogs were tender and tasty, chili sauce was an endorphin rush, and I highly recommend the chili  cheese fries. I am a big fan of Poutine which has yet to hit Albuquerque -hint- hint, but these will fill the void of gravy and cheese over golden tasty fries.No this is not fancy- yes this is delicious- and the 5 star rating goes out to them having lasted this long with an all American product. This is a true Albuquerque institution. Cash only!!!! As the sign says no bank cards or cheques
<review# 293,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2014,1/31/2014,145,67,5,7,6>True to New Mexicans -- Blake's Lotaburger [lotaburger.com] has one of the best green chile cheese burgers in the state.  When I crave a hot burger, I go to Blake's because I know they consistently serve good, good green chile.  I am able to eat an ISTA combo by myself during one sit-down without needing to take leftovers home or throw anything away after my visit.  When I am very hungry, I will order the LOTA combo, and the ITSA is exactly like the LOTA, but the LOTA is bigger.  They also give you the options to add green chile, cheese, and bacon among other things.  I appreciate how the Lotaburgers are burgers (and not cheeseburgers) since some fast food businesses default their featured burgers to have cheese automatically with the burger.  Some days I do not want a cheeseburger.  If you are like me, rest assure that the Lotaburger is a great burger.  I hear about former New Mexicans living in other states [even as close as Arizona] that they miss and crave Lotaburgers.  For that reason may we never take this place for granted...ever.  The featured shakes are a good sweet treat.  The shakes come in one size, so if you do not want to share, tell your people that you are going to have the shake all by yourself.  I'm not sure how long the current black raspberry shake will be offered.  I need to find out up until what date they will feature it and make sure to stop in every other week to have one until the next flavor is offered.  Of course the shakes are not refillable, but the fountain drinks and tea are.  This is good because back in the day Lotaburger did not offer refills.  Many Lotaburger restaurants that I am visiting have upgraded their dining areas as well as their restrooms.  Fancy!  I like it.  Thank you for upgrading your restaurants because they make a huge difference.  I like the tile and the booths.  I look forward to my next visit to Blake's.
<review# 294,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2013,1/30/2014,157,655,13,6,7>After surviving an intense interrogation from Hank and Gomey next door, I came downstairs and decided to grab some donuts and a dirty chai. All the donuts looked enticing---the wealth of toppings like a candy store on top of a cake store--- so it was tough to choose. My wife, who'd been prepared to bail me out had me there and between the two of us we were able to narrow our choices down to the german chocolate, the pomegranate berry, and two chocolate donuts covered in coconut. The sugar-heavy donuts and sugary frostings gave me the boost I needed to ignore all the warning signals and imminent danger and decide not to leave the drug trade. As long as I can dodge the law and my adversaries, I'll drop in here from time to time to get my fat up and enjoy this legal drug.
<review# 295,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2013,1/29/2014,47,133,3,8,4>I went to Shade Tree the first day they opened their door. I wasn't sure what to expect, but I had heard wonderful things. The servers were still new with what Beer they actually had there, which is okay, it was their first day and I didn't want to be THAT person. The bartender came over though and offered his opinion on what Beer I might like. It was helpful and nice.I got the green chile cheeseburger, and holy poop, so good. You could taste the green chile and the spicy wonderful burger. However, the downside of these beauties is the size of the patty. The bun to burger ratio was off and made it a difficult item to eat.Overall, it was delicious. I want to go back and try their chicken, because yum!
<review# 296,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/21/2013,1/28/2014,18,141,4,6,2>I've been promising my 11 year old we would go and I am a woman of my word.  We went last Saturday.  $10 bucks a person.  I paid for our entry on line - nice and easy.  We made sure to get there at 5PM when the park opened. Not all rides are open.  They have open: Fireball Tilt-a-Whirl Falling StarMusik ExpressSea DragonCarouselDoggie-Go-RoundHappy SwingLil' Ferris WheelFrog HopperHi-FlyerBaja BuggiesLil' YoyoTrain.   Most of which can give you a queasy stomach.  You get a pre loaded card to pay games.  Just add money and play.  The park is decorated beautifully.  It really looks great.  But the Pièce de résistance -  funnel cake.  As excited as a kid on Christmas morning I get up to the counter, One funnel cake please".  And then it happens.  Bubble meet burst.  "That will be AT LEAST a twenty minute wait."   Screw this place let's go.  LOL   In all seriousness, a great bang for your buck and a really nice change of pace for the holiday season.  Worth the money.  Glad you're open Cliff's.  It was a great decision on their part.  Locally owned folks!!!
<review# 297,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2013,1/27/2014,123,1032,2,11,4>This place fancies itself a proper steak house, and for the most part, they serve up some really good cuts of meat. That being said, this place lacks the ambiance and atmosphere of a real steak house. I've been to Marcello's, and i've been to the Rancher's Club, and THOSE are steak houses. This is just a restaurant that happens to serve some tasty steaks. I really liked my pork chop, and I tried some of the spare ribs. It was all good.Our server was on it, which is nice. They didn't have a lot in the way of beers available, but their tequila list was admirable (not Zacataecas admirable, but there was a selection to be had).I do like the interior of this place. It's old, at least half of the building is from before 1800. Tile floors, adobe, old wood. Old school New Mexico Old Town building. Good to see these types of places still functioning.I will say that this place was a bit pricey. Not saying that the food wasn't worth it, per se, but it comes back to my earlier feeling re: steak house vibe. I didn't feel like I should have paid as much for the experience that I had here.
<review# 298,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2013,1/26/2014,50,75,,4,2>This was a well planned workout! Loved the idea of punching into bags on a Saturday morning. This workout did a couple of things for me:  I was able to release my week's worth of stress. It reminded me that I have abs-with every punch and the way we had to stand worked out my abdominal area.It was an eye opener to how unfit I have become. Encouraged me to sign up at a gym and get back into shape. The best feeling is to wake up the next day and know you have sore muscles.  I must say, I will spread the wors because UFC instructors know what they are doing,  do a great job instructing and are friendly!  This is exactly what I'm looking for in a gym! JINIJA- I  love the set up. It's s romantic place with dim lights and semi-private booths. Moreover, their mojito drinks are tasty and a generous amount of these sweet drinks. The food was good.
<review# 299,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2013,1/25/2014,92,147,,10,6>Albuquerque baths is a great place to kick-back and relax. The place is sort of an industrial-urban oasis: tucked between warehouses on Broadway, you'd never expect such a calm, relaxing place is behind their walls.The massage staff here are great; I've been for a few massages and am never disappointed. Being able to duck out to the tubs (hot and cold) and enjoy the sauna after make this place a great getaway.Not much more to say about this place than my wife and I always ask ourselves why we don't go more often every time we're there. Definitely worth checking out.
<review# 300,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2014,1/24/2014,80,44,3,7,6>I love how it's nice and quiet. You aren't bugged by a ton of noise. They have an all you can eat crab legs special (fri-sun) for only $12.99! We tried it out. Not too bad. They don't give you the full crab claw...cluster... Honestly not sure what it's called. Anywho, you can eat until you become a crab. I had nice fresh fish and sushi. Our waiter was quiet yet attentive. I like the atmosphere.
<review# 301,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2014,1/23/2014,2,42,1,6,4>We had been going to the same dentist for about 15 years, but sadly he retired. We were referred to this dentist by a friend who's a hygienist. Our first and only visit so far was an emergency visit to fix my little girl's front tooth that got broken while she was playing with our dog. The office was extremely quick, professional, and the tooth looks like nothing ever happened. The dentist, Dr. Anderson, was extremely nice, and told my daughter everything he intended to do before he did it. He did not have to do any numbing, and she did not feel any pain! It looks like we found our new dentist!
<review# 302,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2013,1/22/2014,102,60,3,13,8>Fairly simple menu choice- Lobster Roll for $15 or add chips and dessert for $20. Maine Street Lobster does one thing and does it well!So I'm at La Cumbre and my hunger has me wondering what this new little vendor has for sale outside. What a surprise to see Lobster instead of Hot Dogs or Cheese Fries! The guy explains to me that its 4 ounces of Maine Lobster poached in Irish Butter served on a grilled Roll. It's on! A few minutes later I've got the grin with butter on my chin! Lobster from Maine is the sweetest and best IMO. Best of luck to Main Street Lobster, that sandwich is a winner baby! I'm on the lookout for that little trailer of yours.
<review# 303,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2014,1/21/2014,50,84,,7,6>Like many places we now frequent, my wife and I would not have discovered Hartford Square without the help of the Yelp community. This bakery/cafe has plenty of seating inside, a nice patio outdoors that we're looking forward to trying out when it warms up, and a cheery bright interior. I was immediately pleased that they serve Michael Thomas coffee and even more pleased that they make a commitment to local ingredients and seasonal fare. The service was great, the bacon was fantastic, the huevos rancheros were good, and the coffee was well made. I'm looking forward to trying more dishes here and will be back often.Highly recommended as a more locally-oriented Grove alternative.
<review# 304,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2013,1/20/2014,36,106,2,3,4>Delicious and fresh baked bread every day! This place is a bread lover dream. The variety is huge and they also have bakery goods like scones, cookies, etc. In addition to that they sell some fancy jams, bread spreads and a few kitchen supplies. During the  holidays they have a weekly menu for specialty desserts and breads, like the Stollen during Christmas time (love it!). Be aware that these seasonal goodies go fast, so get there early. And before you head to the bakery, make sure to ask the staff at what time of the day they come off the oven.
<review# 305,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2013,1/19/2014,89,325,7,14,6>I haven't reviewed this place yet? How weird. Because I love it. And I mean L-O-V-E. So I can sum it up in two words:Go There! Yeah...you! I'm talking to you! Get over to Taqueria Mexico...now! You won't regret it. I've been several times and tried a few different things with the most notable being the fish tacos. Honestly, these days, I keep going back and keep getting the fish tacos because they are that freakin' good. The best in the city I believe. And I'm kind of a fish taco snob. I've had them atleast 5 or 6 times and they are always consistantly delicious. They have some kind of crispy coating on them, but not too heavy and I definitely wouldn't consider it breading. They aren't overwhelmingly greasy like some places. I kid sometimes that the coating must be laced with crack because they sure do keep me coming back for more! They come with onions and a delicious, creamy sauce on them. Top it off with the lime and salsa that they give you. My mouth is just watering thinking about it. The shrimp tacos and shrimp tostadas are also noteworthy. A little tip: This place gets BUSY. They have a walk-up window where you can place your order and wait for it to-go or you can go inside and eat. But there are literally about 7-8 tables, so during lunch or breakfast, good luck with that. What I recommend doing is calling up about 20 minutes before you get there and placing a phone order. They will have it ready when you get there and you won't have to sit around and wait.
<review# 306,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2013,1/18/2014,2,67,,6,3>Went for lunch with two friends and my daughter. We ordered three sandwiches and cut them up to eat family style. Although we did not  agree which sandwich was the best we did agree that all were enjoyable. Even my daughter tried every sandwich without a single complaint. Keep in mind that it is a very small place with limited seating and parking. Definitely think you won't complain after you try the food.
<review# 307,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2014,1/17/2014,15,103,5,11,5>You know - I am always leery of the "hot spot" next to a busy area at lunch time.  (Slate Street is in the center of the City's legal district).  But, I must admit this place is fantastic - service is almost always spot-on.  Food and service is very quick, given the lunch surge M-F.  And the food is fantastic!  I have not been here for dinner in a while, but I seem to recall it is also off the charts.  When people suggest Slate Street at lunch, I no longer grimace and worry about how long it will take for lunch.  Rather, I jump at the chance, and run out the door!
<review# 308,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2013,1/16/2014,50,115,4,8,5>I love this local spot. As we all know, New Mexico specializes in one very specific kind of Latin-ish food, and it's called "New Mexican." It's refreshing to have a place that serves up culinary delights from all over Latin America, with copious amounts of plantains, yuca, and chimichurri steak.I went for brunch last summer, and I'm not sure they still do brunch, but they should. All I remember is the soft, fluffy, toasted bread with fresh butter and apricot jam that was bursting with fresh apricots. It sounds so simple, but it was simply amazing.Recently, I've gone for the lunch specials. For $13.99, you get an agua fresca of the day (or soda), appetizer, and entree. I highly recommend the Bisteak Al Pobre - chimichurri steak, a pickled veggie, cheese, and a crispy fried bean and rice pancake (tacu tacu), with a fried egg on top and plantains on the side. My second-favorite choice is the Jibarrito, which, admittedly, is very similar, but the fillings are all stuffed between two juicy, fried plantains like a sandwich. There's some avocado mayo involved, too. I haven't been to their happy hour yet, but I plan to go soon. Hopefully I'll see some of y'all at this local spot for a $5 margarita on Tuesday or a $4 microbrew on Thursday!
<review# 309,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2013,1/15/2014,50,223,,9,2>Update:  I was just chatting with a friend about the owners of this studio and thought I would post the jist of it:  great people, ethical, and incredibly supportive.  From the moment you walk in you can tell this is a different.   The check in process is automated and quick.  Their front area includes a lounge so you or a guest can relax before/after class,  a retail area with a  selection of cool beverages, snacks and an assortment of clothing,  mats, and water bottles. If you have kids you may also appreciate the daycare (I think this is available for a modest charge for select classes, so check the website for details).After you check in you grab a yoga towel, walk past to the back where you find free lockers to store valuables (keys, phone, etc.), and two locker rooms with cubbies, showers, towels, shampoo, etc.When ready you grab a clean yoga mat that is hanging on the wall and walk into the studio (and the mats are cleaned regularly).  Wow, a real studio.  I tend to get grossed out by some hot yoga studios (actually many yoga studios, hot or otherwise gross me out... I guess because I'm a health researcher).  The roof is insulated and has fans to evenly circulate the air. The air that circulates is really clean, too - I believe O2 is pumped in. So you know how the air in some studios is super humid and seems more like recycled BO or hot breath?  Not here... the air in here is clean, actually clean.  Their website has details on the filtration system... really impressive.  So the floor..... anyone that does yoga spends a lot of time looking at the floor.  In my opinion, the best part about the floor is that it is not carpet.  Carpet just creeps me out. Hotel room carpet creeps me out.  Carpet in homes creeps me out.  Carpet in a sweaty studio creeps me out.  The floor in SWEAT is some sort of rubber, so it has a bit of give and can be cleaned (hooray).  There are also mirrors all over so you can adjust your poses and the teachers use a headset mic so you can hear them clearly.  After class I showered up, said thanks and headed out.  As I left I noticed a cleaning crew cleaning the floor. (hooray again).  So yeah, this is a great studio that makes me want to do more.  As it should.
<review# 310,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2014,1/14/2014,23,88,,7,3>Finally there is a place that sells raw juices and smoothies that you KNOW are good for you as opposed to I guess its good for me. There are sooooo many choices. I keep coming back because theres always something different to try and the flavor combinations are awesome. My favorite smoothie is the Lava Flow, it tastes like candy. My favorite juice is the Energizer. I wouldn't eat kale or spinach but will I drink it when pineapple, ginger, grapes and apples get mixed in. Delicious! And its pretty much straight up nutrients. Win win! Did you know they have soup? I'm not a soup fan but I loved what I got. They have pretzels and cookies, both regular and vegan. Pretzels are on my list to try next trip. I'm impressed with how much is packed into this little store. I'm a regular for sure!
<review# 311,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2013,1/13/2014,144,168,6,6,7>Really fun event thanks to both Howie and Ned's. The theme was great. Who wouldn't love to go to brunch in their pjs?A couple of issues which the staff at Ned's worked hard to compensate for and did so well, were that the meals at our table (and I believe others) were staggered in delivery and that the french toast meal was dramatically smaller than all the other meals. Ned's offered other things to eat, like potatoes, and several rounds of drinks either with or without alcohol.They were definitely generous and welcoming. It was fun to try a new place.Thank you!
<review# 312,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/22/2013,1/12/2014,143,54,3,8,4>The Chile Addict feels at first like this shop really belongs in with the antique shops above Nob Hill, downtown or next to Walgreens near Oldtown.  It was in the Princess Jeanne Shopping Center before and moved to it's current location about 12 years ago.  This store is difficult to describe.  It feels like a pricey tourist souvenir shop that decided to go thrift store too.  With so much going on everywhere inside it's walls (the close & packed isles) it feels nice and cozy at first and then claustrophobic after a while.  From floor to ceilingHere is the UPSIDE:  It really does have most everything chile related.  Salsas, candy, hot sauce, aprons, napkins, cookie jars, cookie cutters, candles, wrapping paper, material, cookbooks, calendars, socks, boxer, tees, earrings, seeds, sauces, powders and ristras from real to light strings.  In addition, you'll find many things Southwestern like howling coyotes, kokopellis, etc., NM related (Zia stuff, balloon fiesta items, Rt 66)  and even UNM Lobo items.  You'll see Native gifts like dream catchers and Kachina dolls.  Candles, incense, NM Pinon Coffee products, loose teas, soup & sopapilla mixes, atole, Desert Gardens products and even the red/green tortilla chips available anywhere.  There is a party section (with streamers from Party City), a tiny souvenir section with shot glasses, stickers, pens, magnets, key-chains, etc., a ceramic tile area, windchimes area, cookbook & calendar area.  Christmas ornaments, cookie jars, towel sets, placemats and coffee mugs.  A jewelry counter and walls full of pictures, painting and crosses.  You may think I've included everything in the store in this list.  I assure you I have not.  The DOWNSIDE:  It is expensive.  Even the broken sets and items in their clearance section that are chipped/broken/etc. are still high.  We asked about the price on a few coasters and were told they were just what was left of a larger set that they no longer stock. When we asked the price on the remainder, we were given an oddly high number which would total more than the set price and told it was because we were now buying individual pieces.It has too much junk.  It feels like you've visited a stall at the flea market where people are selling their personal junk along with merchandise.  Old vhs tapes, outdated cans of cola, ornaments and too many assorted oddities can be found here.  It was hot. Both of my last two visits were in summer months and while their A/C was running, it was hot in there. A very interesting browse but you can do better in Old Town.
<review# 313,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2014,1/11/2014,1,12,,3,3>Mimmos was great it's been awhile since ive eaten here.The Buffet was fresh...great atmosphere staff gets an A+ restaurant was busy packed but the wait staff was on it thank cousin Ruby&Paul....for making New Years Eve enjoyable you cheered me up while im feeling down missing my gf alot....Mimmos Happy New Year 2014....
<review# 314,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2014,1/10/2014,68,230,4,6,5>Tequila lime chicken!!!!I don't think I have ever ordered any other dish at Bruno's, though I have tasted others from plates of folks at my table.  Pretty much everything they make is darn tasty, but that tequila lime chicken is just ambrosia!  It's a big enough plate you really need to either share or be prepared to take half home. Everything about it is wonderful - the side is flash-fried spinach. SO DELICIOUS!!!!!  A little greasier than I would prefer, but it's seriously tasty.  I've had the table side guacamole, and it's extremely yummy. The last time we went it was a little flavorless, but just that one out of five times, I'll take my chances. They add whatever amounts of various things you request, and it's just darn good. The chips are wonderful as well, and the salsa can be quite hot - but also quite good. My man gets different stuff each time, and it's one of his favorites in ABQ, so the rest of the menu must be good as well.  He often takes business dinner folks there - much better way to represent our town than some upscale chain in Uptown.  The food is delicious, the margaritas are pretty darn good, and it's just a great place to have a meal.  Thumbs up, ABQ!!!
<review# 315,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2013,1/9/2014,65,120,10,12,10>There are two restaurants in Albuquerque that I absolutely adore.  One of them is Saigon Far East.  It's like a school girl crush.  I get giddy when I think about them.  Most people rave about the appetizers and the pho soups here.  I, however, am in a long term relationship with item CD12.  It's Fresh Water Shrimp sauteed in a chili curry sauce served with rice.  They will spice it to your request and I request it very hot.  It is very very very spicy hot.  CD12 is just that damn good.  I can't get enough.  I'm in love.  This relationship isn't a one-night stand.  I'm committed to long term and hoping for a ring.
<review# 316,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2013,1/8/2014,51,42,1,4,3>Awesome food and service! I recommend the chicken fajitas, however, the pumpkin soup was a little too sweet for me. Around the table there were cheers for the Mahi Mahi tacos and the NM tortilla burger. Fun place to go to get away from the city, lovely ambience.
<review# 317,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2013,1/7/2014,17,4,,7,3>The service was very friendly and they educated us on their menu. It's nice to have a Mediterranean restaurant on this side of town. I had the Beef Shawarama plate that included hummus, salad, rice and pita. The flavors are amazing! The meat was perfectly seasoned and cooked to perfection. Although I like a little more garlic in my hummus, theirs is still amazing.This former Burger Rush location is very clean and well kept. I would highly suggest checking this place out. Support local business!
<review# 318,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/12/2013,1/6/2014,5,41,4,4,3>Yum!  I have a serious addiction for snow cones, and Bahama Bucks is one place that truly feeds that addiction!  It is so good!  The flavors are great and very abundant. I guarantee you could go here everyday of the year and have a new flavor!  The fruit, ice cream, and chocolate mix is very good as well, but I am a die-hard snow cone lover so this place really has a special place in my heart.  My only complaint is I feel the place is a little pricey, and it is so far from my house.  Although despite that, my taste-buds never leave Bahama Bucks feeling dissatisfied!
<review# 319,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/27/2013,1/5/2014,27,66,6,7,7>After abandoning a fruitless Halloween party, my friends and I headed down town to turn the rapidly passing night around. I was starved and had not a single dollar bill tucked away in my unforgivingly tight and pocket-less home made Cat Woman costume (Michelle Pfeifer style! NOT Hally Barry  or Ann Hathaway style, that would've been atrocious). Luckily the first food truck I randomly selected didn't take credit cards. Then, I saw it - the most nondescript box of a vehicle that, for unknown reason, I headed straight for. I didn't even look at the menu before asking whether they accepted credit cards. My unrelenting tummy grumbling had seized control over my entire being. A gasped a  sigh of relief when the pleasant girl working there smiled and said the wonderful words 'yes we accept credit cards'. Then, behold...they served TACOS!! Things were looking up!I swiftly ordered 4 asada tacos ($6 - not bad) and wolfed em down. They were excellent (and not just because I was famished and would've eaten my own hand had none of these places accepted credit cards)! I topped them with cilantro, onions and salsa from the condiment tray. The salsa was my kind of spicy! The meat was tender, juicy and flavorful but not too salty. They were a little messy to eat, but since we're talkin tacos, it's A-ok (and they had proactively placed a fork in the box!). I loved these tacos. In addition to yummy food, the service was great! The lovely lady working the counter was fast, nice and loved my costume and my friend's Beetlejuice costume and insisted on taking our photo. I will definitely eat here again!
<review# 320,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2013,1/4/2014,24,83,3,4,3>Best eggs benedict ever - only here it is a Southwest Bennie, and it has green chili turkey sausage.  I'm sure it's about 1800 calories, but what the hell.  If you have it for a late brunch then you don't need to eat for the rest of the day anyway.  The bakery items here are sublime - including my favorite, the creme brule beignet.  Yeah.  It's as good as it sounds.  Not be consumed in the same sitting as the Southwest Bennie or you might, I don't know, pass out from mouth bliss.   The only reason I'm giving it four stars instead of five is because I've had better coffee, oh, everywhere.
<review# 321,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/24/2013,1/3/2014,27,21,1,4,3>Holy Cow! I can't believe I'm just trying this place, but their pho was amazing!! I got the vegetarian (tofu & vegetables, which included broccoli, baby bok choy, zucchini, onions, mushrooms) in the beef broth. Of course I added the garnish of lime, cilantro, and bean sprouts. SO.GOOD. The complimentary papaya salad is outrageous! Grated nearly-green, green papaya, cilantro, basil, chopped peanuts, & ginger soy sauce. The flavor is light and fresh, and I just want to eat it every meal. It is also on the appetizer menu, served with beef or chicken. The wait staff were super friendly and pretty attentive. Don't let the location in a somewhat decrepit strip mall fool you. This place is so delicious, and for $8.05, you get the biggest bowl of pho, evah. I took home half and ate it a few hours later. SO. GOOD.
<review# 322,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/24/2013,1/2/2014,6,9,,9,3>This is one of  those out of the way places you find unexpectedly!  First off,  this is MEXICAN food, not New Mexican., but, the food is delicious and there's a huge variety.  The  Molcajetes are to die for, especially the lamb. It is slow cooked and melts in your mouth!  I've also had the enchiladas rojos and thecred sauce is smoky and earthy.  The huaraches are als great (flat fry bread topped with your choicec of ingredients like asada,  papas con chorizo or pollo! The menu is huge snd I am slowly working my way through it!
<review# 323,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/25/2013,1/1/2014,0,1,,4,2>We love Mac's!  The fact that there price are so reasonable, and they don't change that.  The service is fast, no matter how many people are crowded in there. They do their best to get you your food right away. Love the Huevos Rancheros with green. My husband likes the fajitas when we go later in the evening. The only thing I would change is to maybe have some good ole refried beans on the plates. That would be my request.  Stay just as you are Macs!  If you ever move, thats when everything starts going downhill and prices start going up. The best food comes out of small, cozy little hideaway coffee shops!
<review# 324,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/25/2013,12/31/2013,0,1,1,6,3>As a movie director living here in Albuquerque I have to attend a couple of movie premieres or special events a year and this is the only place in Albuquerque I trust. This guy knows what he is doing and his customer service is the best Iv come across in a long time. Dont waste your time with other shops, trust me I learned the hard way. Go to this shop!
<review# 325,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2013,12/30/2013,55,73,1,11,6>I had an utter blast at Design by Wine last night. I took my assistant for a little girls night out (for her great work!) and we had an awesome time! Our paintings came out way better than expected too. The selection of wines is great and the whole experience was a blast!
<review# 326,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2013,12/29/2013,67,177,4,11,7>what a gem here in albuquerque. A lot of the reviews have touched upon everything I was feeling when I went here.  1) location: strange to say the least but that makes it even more special. I surprised my husband with an anniversary dinner here and he was really confused when we pulled into the Downs casino but super impressed when we walked into the doors of the Crown Room..great ambiance2) awesome wine menu/ipad: I have seen ipad menus at restaurants, but not interactive ones. their wine menu organizes the wines by name/vintage /or region (you can choose) then you can click the wines to give you a description of them then EMAIL them to yourself so you dont forget what you drank. super cool! You can also see a menu of their cocktails on the ipad but this isnt as "interactive". 3) cocktails are great!! loved the manhattan and ordered 2... would like to come here on a friday after work and sit at the bar and have one!4)the ups and extras: the relish tray is super old-school steakhouse but on a more contemporary level. (just like everything else in the restaurant in my opinion). The sorbet with Dom Perignon on it is over the top but i'm not complaining...5)perfectly cooked food: the sea bass was amazing!! i have never had a piece of fish cooked so perfectly slightly crispy on the outside and perfectly cooked on the inside. way to go chef.  Our favorites of the evening were the Duck Rellano, the manhattan, and the sea bass.Everything about this place is all about classics... classic cocktails, classic steakhouse dishes, classic desserts.... BUT it's on a level that young adults can find attractive and enticing as well as the older crowd.yes it is expensive but you are getting more than food, you are getting an experience you won't get anywhere else in abq!
<review# 327,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2013,12/28/2013,47,245,,5,4>After frequenting this place over the last couple of months, I have become an even bigger fan. Sure, this place isn't perfect (no outdoor space, sometimes tricky parking), but for people who truly love good beer, this place is as good as it gets in Albuquerque. The beer scene here is really good and continually improving, but I have to say that after extensive sampling, La Cumbre is most definitely the best beer in town. I might say the best in the whole of New Mexico, but I will reserve judgment until I try the offerings south of here. The Mug Club is a good deal if you visit this place a couple times a week and occasionally fill a growler. Membership includes a snazzy pint glass and a filled 32 oz. growler, which is a fairly good deal. The wait staff here are really nice, if you come here regularly and give them a chance. Too many people come in one time, expect this place to be something it isn't, and walk away unhappy. The afternoons here are quite nice because you can enjoy your beer in relative peace while exchanging friendly banter with other patrons and the bartenders. The folks who work here love beer and love people who love beer. Simple as that. Jeff is constantly experimenting, often with stellar results. I've never once had a beer here that I did not like. I'll go even further to say that all the beers I have had here have been good. I wish I could say that for other breweries in the area. He always seems to be pushing the envelope and brews stuff that no one else around here has even heard of. Their cask offerings are amazing, although not always available. We are so lucky to have this place, even if there is already a lot of good beer to be had. After living in the veritable beer paradise that is Pennsylvania, any brewery that is to win my heart has to offer quite a lot. LCBC fits the bill nicely. Well played, guys!
<review# 328,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2013,12/27/2013,55,11,,4,3>My wife Loretta Trujillo got a window broken and needed a tint place to match the current tint. No one wanted to do it saying they would have to replace all of it for a hefty price. NM Tint was able to match it at a great deal and didn't try to sell us anything additional. They have great customer service and we will definitely use them again when I need tinting done. Thank You NM Tint.
<review# 329,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2013,12/26/2013,32,140,,3,2>I like this Asian mini market a lot . They have the freshest veggies and herbs that are used most often in the Southeast Asian cuisine, specially for that of Vietnamese, Thailand, and Laotians.The owner drives the food back from either Texas or CA on a weekly basis, so you're promised to have only the best of the best. Well they made a promise to me.The coolest thing is they study and learn what it is that their customers like the most and cater to their customers' specific needs. The owners and their family members are extremely friendly and helpful. They would go out of their ways to explain and help you with questions and provide the most detailed clarifications if needed too. If there is something that you are unable to find, they will personally order those for you and bring them back from their sources for you. How awesome is that?I think it is the smallest Asian market out of all the Asian markets in the ABQ area, yet the things that they have is the opposite of that of their physical space.If you have never tried "sweet tofu" before, you should. They get their sweet tofu from this famous tofu house in southern CA, the smell, and the taste of their sweet tofu are impeccable.
<review# 330,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/16/2013,12/25/2013,78,113,5,5,5>I have always loved Chicken Bowl, but it's been some time since I've been there. Mainly because this is something I make at home now. I MISS their Yakatori that used to be on the menu many years ago. After they took it off, I pretty much stopped going. I went last Friday night because 1. I didn't want anything too greasy  2. I saw a sign that they now offered Thai Iced Tea! Now like I said, I have not been to the Chicken Bowl in YEARS...so I had "sticker shock" when I pulled up to the drive thru window menu. The regular bowl is now $6.50, granted it's a good portion of rice and juicy chicken thigh meat, I was just surprised. I remember when it was $4.75! Gosh...I'm getting old. My bowl itself was large, some cabbage, carrots, and broccoli. The chicken has a wonderful flavor. Slightly charred and the teri sauce is sweet. They now offer some new curry dishes and the usual combos. I didn't get an egg roll, (which happens to be my favorite in town), since I wanted to try the Thai tea. DELICIOUS! Sweet spicy smooth Thai Iced tea..and for $1.99 that's a great deal! I'm sure I'll go back for the Thai Tea and egg rolls, maybe not for the food platters so much. But when you are craving something simple and different it hits the spot.
<review# 331,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2013,12/24/2013,39,32,3,10,6>I've been largely disappointed by the BBQ in New Mexico since I moved here from Virginia in 2012. Mostly the meat I've have is overcooked and not flavorfully seasoned. Based on several reviews from Yelp I decided to give this place a try. I took my wife here for our 10 year first date anniversary and she got a 1/2 lb of sausage while I tried the 1/4 lb petite plate with brisket, and mashed potatoes and gravy. We each got a roll and drinks. I requested the BBQ on my brisket while my wife got hers on the side.The ratings:Tenderness: 5 out of 5The brisket was fall apart tender and the sausage was likewise perfectly tender with a slight crunch from the outside casing like a great German frankfurter.Moistness: 5 out of 5The juiciness of both meats was amazing. The brisket had plenty of its own juice and I was served some of the fat from the cut which I appreciated. Some folks that only want the lean section should ask for that, I have no doubt the server would accommodate that. I like brisket fat to mix in with the lean sections and enjoy it together.The sausage was outstandingly juicy too. The casing of the sausage kept in the juices and even when the sausage was cut to smaller pieces each piece was able to retain its moisture.Flavor: 5 out of 5I think Rub and Wood has the best seasoned and flavored BBQ in the area. When opening the door to get in to the plain eating area I noticed the wood smoke which greeted me like mom with a warm blanket after a hour spent in the snow during the holidays.The brisket was clearly dry rubbed with some season and then the BBQ sauce added at the end was the perfect mix. The BBQ was sweet and not spicy. It's a good Kansas City style BBQ not the vinegar based Carolina style.I'll be back to try out some of the other meats as soon as I can!
<review# 332,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2013,12/23/2013,62,114,2,4,3>Ned's has really made some changes!! My fellow yelpers and I really enjoyed our brunch and drinks. I tried both their wine spritzer and bloody mary and I was not disappointed. My french toast was delicious, it was full of flavor and the green chili turkey sausage was a good pair. I couldn't keep my friends from reaching over to steal a few bites. They cleaned their plates as well. The service was also very good and attentive. I thank Ned's and the staff for welcoming us and treating us well. I saw a flyer on the door for a show that is going to take place on Dec.29th and I'm going to try and convince my fiends to come along.
<review# 333,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/14/2013,12/22/2013,70,134,2,4,3>Closest to private swag place you'll get. Closest to speakeasy in ABQ.I feel so cool going here, and even have gone to craft club here. Really smart, rad people, never crowded, amazing view, and you can just chill here.Cheap drinks, relatively, and warm and cozy and lots of selection for drafts (including local). It's my kinda place! Also, darts and pool and a record player and it's just a funky old house. Magical and snug.I love the Press Club!
<review# 334,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2013,12/21/2013,56,63,2,5,2>I thought moving to New Mexico would make it  ext to impossible to find good sushi. Luckily, I was wrong. When we got there I noticed most (maybe all) of the tables were filled -the restaurant is small. We took a seat at the bar. The sushi chef was very friendly. I looked at the menu for familiar and favorite rolls. I thought the prices were steep for basic rolls (like the dragon roll). I'm used to all you can eat sushi places so, I took a few extra minutes studying the rolls. I first decided on a vegan roll. I should admit I'm a "fake" sushi eater. I was very happy when it came out. It was big, fresh and tasty. My husband and I ordered another roll or two and he was able to order a custom poke bowl. The rolls were enormous and everything was delicious. Being a "fake" sushi eater I didn't think I'd like the poke (spicy, garlicky tuna) but, I loved it! We ordered mochi to finish out the night. I felt very satisfied and full from our meal. When I peeked at the bill I was pleasantly surprised too. It didn't seem like we ordered much, but our tummy's were happy and the price was right!. Usually sushi is a special treat for my husband that I don't agree to often, but I think I'll happily accompany him when he is (and I may even) craving sushi.
<review# 335,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/13/2013,12/20/2013,58,27,3,5,5>When I come to Frontier I order the Breakfast Burrito with a scoop of the Green Chile Salsa, a Sweet Roll and Fresh Squeezed Orange Juice. The food is delicious and yes the orange juice is really fresh squeezed. The place is always busy and parking is limited. This has been a problem for me because I use a van with a wheelchair ramp. I have had to go else where in the past due to lack of parking options. When it is most busy there is usually a helpful employee directing cars in and out of parking spaces. Do not stay for a long period of time. You will have to pay for parking and get a concrete boot attached to your car until you pay up. This is a maneuver to prevent students who attend UNM from parking there. The service is efficient and you pick up your own order when ready. There is plenty of seating available and lots of distinct art work on the walls. The decorating is unique and adds character to the place. I appreciate the fact they are constantly cleaning the Frontier but think the cleaning solution they use smells institutional and sickly sweet.The people who work there are very nice and helpful.
<review# 336,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/5/2013,12/19/2013,33,244,,5,3>I have eaten at the El Paso location (once I knew we were getting one here in ABQ) and was looking forward to my first visit.We arrived at 5pm for dinner (given the comments about long waits) and were seated straight away.We ordered the onion rings, spinach dip and appetizer sampler (mozzarella sticks, nachos and potato skins) to begin.The onion rings were as good as I remember, huge portion and great crunch.  I was less impressed with the flavor and temperature (warmth) of the other two dishes.For our mains I ordered the chicken tenders (great, huge portion); the chicken caesar  salad (which comes with pasta mixed in strangely) the spicy chicken and shrimp and the jambalaya I think (might have been cajun pasta).The chicken & shrimp dish didn't have much flavor, the cajun pasta was said to be very spicy and the caesar salad was just strange with pasta.For dessert the warm cookie was ordered (which we were told would take a few minutes as it is baked to order).  Sadly it wasn't that warm and kind of crispy/crunchy, like it was overcooked.I would probably go here again, but it wasn't as good as I remember and all the dishes arrived cooler than I would have liked.
<review# 337,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2013,12/18/2013,39,137,3,1,4>Had the pleasure of FINALLY eating at Barelas Coffee House for the first time last week, and it was great! Dad and I rode our bikes here and each ordered the Deluxe Juevos Rancheros with green chile. We were lucky because we came on a Monday morning, and I hear that this place usually gets packed, but we were able to get a great table by the window with no wait, and had fast, friendly service. The breakfast came out fast, hot and was delish! I've had my share of Juevos Rancheros here in NM, and this place is right up there with the best. You can always tell a good NM restaurant by it's chile, and Barelas had great green chile (hot)! Our server was friendly and very attentive. Inside was nothing special, but really had that New Mexican kitchen feel. It was definitely a neighborhood/local favorite, as I could see by how many of the servers knew the customers by name. Love these kind of places.They had so many great things on the menu for breakfast and lunch, and I can't wait to try more!
<review# 338,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2013,12/17/2013,90,146,1,4,4>Nice little bar with yummy tapas and drink specials. Gecko's has a great menu that is fun and unique. They have daily drink specials which I think is a great idea because it highlights new beers, spirits in the market. I really enjoy the DOG FRIENDLY patio. There aren't a lot of places that allow our canine friends so Geckos does allow doggies.
<review# 339,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2013,12/16/2013,57,110,2,6,4>Who knew Burgers can be put on a salad! Well as I found out last night, YOU CAN!My girlfriend and I decided to come to Bistronomy B2B  because we heard raving reviews and we wanted to go eat someplace new for girls night out.The atmosphere was very relaxing. They have beers from 5 New Mexico Breweries, wine from New Mexico Winery AND their beef are all locally from New Mexico. On their burger menu, they have chef's choice burgers or you can build your own! That is what I did! You get to choose between various different choices and on top of all that you can choose a low carb option which is burger with the toppings on top of a bed of salad served with their own vinaigrette dressing. I loved it!  For a gal who does not like buns or bread, this style of ordering a burger is such a great idea to have!For the atmosphere, service and the food, I am definitely going back there again!
<review# 340,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2013,12/15/2013,125,201,2,6,4>The Pro's:1. Fresh food2. Friendly service3.  Frequent Flier reward card that definitely pays off4.  Large menu selection5. Many desserts to choose from6. Good atmosphere, great magazines, and nice decor.7. Red Stuff  (a delicious beverage which can be easily made at home)8. The outdoor seating area is really nice. The Con's:1. The price - service and food like this? It will cost ya.2. Seating arrangments - this location seems to have more open seating and it can be noisy.3. Parking - it can be a pain trying to find a parking space.4. I like the layout of the Flying Star in Bernallilo better! 5. The cost of the Red Stuff6. Crowded, this place is like a zoo at peak dinner hours. Side note:  I tried the tuna sandwich recently.  It was a supreme disappointment. It tasted old and a funky sweet taste to it. I was gaging it down. So, needless to say, stay away from the tuna.
<review# 341,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2013,12/14/2013,2726,418,,7,2>They did a great job rebuilding my carburetors on my old 86 GSXR 750 and fixed mistakes that high velocity cycles made..They called me every time they had to buy a part and showed me what was replaced at the end of the job,they were very professional and I would go back to them if I ever ran into a problem I couldn't fix myself.
<review# 342,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/28/2013,12/13/2013,52,169,,5,2>Sorry folks, but Golden Pride didn't live up to the hype in my opinion.  I decided to take everyone's advice and ordered a couple of #9s and was not blown away.  The tortillas were freshly made and the green chile was a nice touch, but the potatoes were dry and needed salt.  Also, one of the tacos had a little bit of cheese, while the other was oozing with melted cheese.A few good things: the cashier was fast and friendly and the dining area was pretty clean.  The drive-thru window seemed to work really efficiently and there was an employee delivering orders from the kitchen to cars waiting in line.I might go back to try the chicken sometime, but don't think I'll go for the tacos again.
<review# 343,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2013,12/12/2013,69,171,6,8,10>During the Nob Hill Big Bad Duane Summer Fest I was walking around with my kids, checkin out all the local hubbub, rockin the bouncy-house scene, when my kids got really thirsty.  I was walking around looking for someone who had water but everyone was selling it for $2 and all I had was a credit card.  After about 15 blocks we were reduced to skeletons crawling through the desert and suddenly, like a mirage, there's this dude standing out in front of this chocolate store and he's just handing out free water and telling people to come back in a month to check out the store.  He saved the day for me and so here I am a month later.  The chocolate dude and the chocolate chick working tonight were very nice and I would recommend going there just to bask in their pleasantness.  They obviously were very passionate about their craft and very proud of their product.  They had really good maple fudge samples, and I wound up getting a big ol' birthday brick of fudge for myself.  (yes I have friends so NO I didn't eat the whole thing in the gutter outside...ok that's a cry for help.)  Anyhoo, they had really excellent looking chocolate and caramel nut candies (like turtles only made with love) so go here and get you some sugar.
<review# 344,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2013,12/11/2013,34,55,4,10,5>This is my new favorite sushi place in Albuquerque. The sushi is well priced, ranging from 4-13 dollars per roll. It tastes fresh and delicious. Service was speedy quick. Complimentary miso soup! The super crunch roll was divine. It was a really good and delicious experience, and my husband and I will definitely be back for more!
<review# 345,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2013,12/10/2013,33,137,,3,3>I had an inkling for tacos and Ortega's was the nearest New Mexican restaurant. I never order tacos--there's so much better NM food to eat, but for some reason it sounded right today. I'd eaten here once before and thought it was pretty good. My waiter was not very friendly and I'd be surprised if he uttered more than three words to me, but he was responsive and efficient, so who am I to complain?I was given chips and salsa. The salsa would have been spectacular if it had not had cilantro. Living on the east coast and eating Mexican food dulled my hatred of cilantro, so now I can stand it, though I certainly prefer to not eat it. So, *despite* the cilantro, the salsa was good. I ordered the taco plate with one chicken and one ground beef taco. I got pinto beans and papas with them and I requested a side of green chile.I ordered the green once my food arrived thinking that they'd be bland, but actually, the papas were buttery and salty (yum) and the beans were quite flavorful. Nevertheless, the green improved them even more. Everything was really good. No, it's not the best New Mexican food in town, but its taste reminds me of eating out with my grandma. Padilla's also has this flavor (I really can't explain it--not quite that home-cooked taste, but different from other NM restaurants).The decor of this place is definitely dated, but it's been around a long time and I think it adds to its charm, if you can call it that. So, good food, oh and CHEAP! With tip, my meal cost $8.50. Win! I just wish I had remembered to order the natillas, as they claim they are the best in town. Next time.
<review# 346,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2013,12/9/2013,17,126,3,8,3>My favorite thrift store of all thrift stores, because they have a wide selection of things, and the organization of the place is good.Since, I love to reuse items, especially clothes, I come here every other month or so. I even came across this great pair of shoes once, for $12. Plus, their men's jeans range about $1.50-$20, depending on what they think it should be worth. It's all donated, so I don't see why they have to charge so much, but I guess their have their reasons.They also have a good selection of sports/exercise things. I once bought my daughter her first pair of quad roller skates, for 6 bucks and she loved them, plus she was only 3 at the time and didn't care about the look.What I like about their kitchen section is that they have the glassware separated by color, reds with reds, greens with greens, clear with clear, etc.I have been a fan of this place since I moved here and I'll continue to be back again and again. They also have 50% off discounts daily, by color of price tags, and they offer coupons regularly for everything else, as well as their clothing sales and shoe sales. Come check them out.
<review# 347,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2013,12/8/2013,81,210,2,4,3>We tried the Rueben, Cuban, potato salad, and creamy chicken and mushroom soup. I give the Rueben 5 million stars...seriously. Howie is not exagerrating when he says how good this sandwich is--and I don't even LIKE Ruebens. The Cuban was good, but it's lacking mustard and pickles. I probably wouldn't order it again. The other sandwiches on the menu look amazing as well, I'll have to try the "filthy" or the "505 filthy." The soup was also really good, I could go back just for that!One thing that I haven't seen mentioned in the reviews yet is the size of this place. It's super tiny...like hole in the wall, two tables tiny (with some seating outside--but it was cold). I met and spoke with the owner, she is awesome and I love the concept of the place! I'll definitely be back!
<review# 348,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2013,12/7/2013,122,177,,7,4>I am pretty new to home brewing and love it.  I recently brewed a batch and was waiting for the brew to finish fermenting.  I was getting ready to bottle on a Sunday afternoon and really wanted to get a bottle washer.  I live on the west side of town, so I wasn't sure if I wanted to make the trek across town to the other place that sells home brewing equipment.  Then it hit me!  I remember a friend talking about a place in Rio Rancho call the Grain Hopper.  I was sure where it was, so looked it up on Yelp.  Turned out it was only about 3 miles from my casa.  I was so excited and can't believe I forgot all about this place.  I jumped in the car to start my mission to buy a bottle washer.  This place is kind of hard to find.  The reason is because there is this weird road on the way to it.  If you get on this road it won't let you get to the Grain Hopper.  When I finally found the place I walked in and there were a few people in the store.  The guy behind the counter was helping a customer find some stuff.  This is what I love about home brewers and going into home brew stores.  I love craft beer, and I love making craft beer.  About 99% the other people in the store feel the same way.  So while the employee was helping a customer I struck a conversation with a fellow home brewer.  In fact the guy I was talking to, knew the store and what I was looking for, so he helped me out.  When I went to purchase my bottle washer, I asked the guy behind the counter a few questions.  He was also a home brewer, so we had a cool conversation.  It was great!  I'm so glad this place in accessible to us West-Siders.  When I went home to try out my new bottle washer, it didn't work.  I was really bummed out and the store was closed.  So I didn't get to use it.  I went on Monday to exchange it, but they are closed on Mondays.  So I decided to take it back on Tuesday.  When I got there the guy behind the counter was nice, but it was pretty obvious he wasn't a home brewer.  He had no idea what I was holding.  He was good though because we found one that worked and he exchanged it.  This is where I got a little bummed out because I know this guy was probably helping the store owner out.  I thought what if I wanted to pick someone's brain or get some suggestions.  I mean that's the whole reason to go to a specialty store.  If the knowledge isn't there then just order online.  I'm guessing this doesn't happen often, but it is something I am worried about in the future.  Don't let this deter you from going to the Grain Hopper.  They have everything you need to brew beer or make wine.  They also have bulk grains.  Cheers!
<review# 349,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2013,12/6/2013,42,124,5,7,6>I'll certainly be back for another burger. If you need your burger fix (I can become like the Hulk if I go too long between fixes), then this can certainly fill the void in your heart, err, stomach.    Love that the burgers come in 3 diff choices (1/4, 1/3, or double 1/4), it's the Goldilocks of burger choices! Waffles fries are on par with Chik-fil-A, and we all know those are amazing, so these were PDG. Sweet potato fries aren't too shabby either (to my cousin, I may or may not have stolen your fries while you watched the big screen).This gets its own whole paragraph. Bacon. Yes, I said Bacon. Their Bacon (it should be capitalized folks) is was almost as thick as my iPhone.....and it tasted even better than my iPhone. Thank you!!! How many times has your "bacon" burger been ruined by crappy bacon? NOT here. Yes, there IS a God and He has blessed Spinn's with the almighty Bacon Blessings (did Jim Gaffigan just say, "Bacon?").Dessert? I have no idea, you think i was still hungry after my Bacon Burger, Waffle fries, and possibly stealing my cousin's sweet potato fries (I deny everything primo!)? you let me know, thanks~
<review# 350,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2013,12/5/2013,76,131,1,4,4>Needed a new schmancy place to go to for a romantic dinner and Farm & Table did not disappoint. We made reservations, about a week in advance as we heard seating was hard to come by and we could see why. On a Saturday night F & T was packed. Looking around we saw all sorts of people but mostly hipster types between the ages of 40-70. Yes, hipsters can be old too. Everyone was mostly casually dressed. The ambiance was warm and had that "I'm sitting in someone's house and there's their kitchen sort of feel" but I wished we were able to sit on the patio, which on a nice fall evening seemed lovely.The menu consists of three parts: the standard everyday menu, the what's fresh now menu, and the wine/beer menu. So actually there were three separate menus. Check out their menu online to see if there's anything that would interest you for the "now" menu.We ordered a whole lot of food and were not disappointed. First we got the empanadas by recommendation of a yelper, which had an awesome flakey crust, consisted of two empanadas filled with mushroom, sharp cheddar cheese and kale. Yum. Then we also ordered the mussels. I enjoyed these more. They were beautiful, with a green chile feta cream sauce. The owner delivered our mussels and recommended we open them all up put them in the broth and it like a soup more so as to not fill up on bread. I believed him and we did just that. Problem: there were several unopened mussels and in reality, we should have sent them back for this reason. I'd say 10 were closed out of 1/2 pound. But I did the wrong thing and pried them open. I was not gonna miss out! However, I'd get this again in a heartbeat. So tasty!! Probably best thing we ate. We also ordered a cold avocado, cilantro soup with a Palisade peach garnish. It was a cup that I had to verify because it was the size of a bowl. Excuse me?! I ordered the large soup!? It was much too rich for its size and between two people we couldn't finish it. The peaches added an awesome element. I also would not call it a soup. It did not have the consistency of a soup whatsoever, more like a pudding. Either way it was yummy.The wine and beer list was a nice conglomerate of the usual offerings. We went with a Malbec and enjoyed it. Here's the thing bottles cheapest about $45. Really wish NM could do a corkage fee. Oh well. Markup is pretty standard 30%.Next we received our beautifully plated entrees. My husband got the tenderloin which was delectably covered in green chile, served on a bed of greens with seasoned home style potato wedges. They were excellent. These greens were a tad salty alone but as I felt the steak needed a little salt, it paired nicely. I got the red chile marinated duck with just the right amount of layer of fat to make your mouth ooze with excitement. Yes I did just say that. The duck medallions laid on a bed of greens prepared just a little different than the previous and served with stacked au gratin potatoes. Those had to be my allowance of calories for the total day, but who's counting. We chose not to follow up with dessert, however there seemed to be some good offerings: flourless chocolate cake, sorbet, peach something or other. The service was great from the owner, to the bread servers, bussers, and our very attentive waitress. I would say if we would have done one appetizer, and two entrees solamente then we probably could have gotten out of there for $80 ish (tip included) which is pretty awesome. Definitely returning. Go local!
<review# 351,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2013,12/4/2013,16,95,1,2,4>This is a great place to grab a meal and a beer.  Their beer has gradually improved since they opened and is almost good enough to compete with some of the best places in town.  Their Chocolate porter was very good and the Scottish ale was also very interesting.What really makes them stand out however is that they have great food unlike most breweries in town.  The fried chicken is heavenly along the the Macaroni and cheese.  Their menu is limited which means that most items are solid and freshly prepared.Even when it was a very busy night, the service was very good.  Everyone was working hard and it showed.
<review# 352,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2013,12/3/2013,23,106,1,7,4>Loved it!!  We did the drive-thru and got our steakburgers "California Style" (yummy dressing).  By the time we got home they were still warm and intact.  They are very messy, but delicious!!  I LOVE the shoestring fries.  Next time we will definitely try the frozen custard.
<review# 353,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2013,12/2/2013,292,11,5,6,6>I've been coming to Sadies ever since I was a little girl. My mom & dad used to take me to the original Sadies inside the bowling alley next door. It sure has grown over the years and the food is still quite good. I tend to usually order the Chicken Guaco Tacos. They are really tasty. They are big and stuffed full of chicken, cheese, lettuce, tomato and of course guacamole. I eat one bad boy and they fill me up, along with the papas con chile and beans. The red chile is quite spicy and flavorful. The sopapillas are best when hot and drizzled with honey. In the past I have had just about everything on the menu, but I am creature of habit and tend to go back to the Chicken Guaco tacos quite frequently. The salsa and chips are delicious also, but be careful not too overload on them, otherwise you will be too full when the waitress brings your order.
<review# 354,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/4/2013,12/1/2013,44,107,2,5,3>We have been shopping at Dan's since the mid 80's and the charm, friendliness, loads of choices, and good tack smell all still exist.It's helpful the store is divided and even has two entrances, one for people needs like clothing, boots, riding gear and tack, etc and the other outdoor equipment / animal needs such as food, grooming, bedding, etc.  Makes for a quick shopping experience if you know what you want.  They have supplies for many different animals: horses, cows, chickens, dogs, rabbits and much more.  Some grains can be bought by the pound.The prices for some items are more than I might spend at other stores but they are in my neighborhood and have a wide variety so sometimes it's helpful to get everything needed in one place.
<review# 355,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2013,11/27/2013,31,77,4,8,5>It's not often that I update a five star review with a second five star review, but this place is off the chain.Today I ordered the Pappardelle alla Crema di Porcini which is fancy Italian for wide pasta with mushrooms and chicken in a cream sauce. It was amazing. I have no other words aside from that you need to order this. I'm not sure if I like this one more or the same as my previous entree - the Penne al Limone e Funghi.The bartender tonight knew how to shake a Grey Goose martini, super clean. I haven't gotten my check yet, but I'm sure I'm already in for a $40+ dinner for one.I almost tried the Bouillabaisse special tonight - Chilean sea bass, diver sea scallops, shrimp, mussels in a saffron and fennel sauce. Sounds amazing. I wasn't disappointed with my pasta though.If you're reading this, come to this restaurant. It's good. It's way good. Enjoy!
<review# 356,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2013,11/26/2013,41,129,3,3,2>As a meat lover, I wasn't sure about a Vegan place. Let me tell you... I was wrong! Wow great food and I really enjoyed their tofu. They have a great lunch special for $8.95 - salad, fried spring rolls (2 small ones), brown rice and your choice of entree. I had their green curry with chicken tofu. The thai ice tea was tasty too.  They also take reservations and are kid friendly. I liked that at the end of the meal you pay at the counter and just tell then what you had. I look forward to trying their nob hill location too.
<review# 357,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2013,11/25/2013,88,190,5,5,5>Scary as hell, even the men were screaming. Lol something in every corner. best part is they're non profit & all proceeds goes to a good cause. Military gets half off!
<review# 358,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2013,11/24/2013,65,34,2,2,2>I'm not really one to attend shul other than on the High Holy Holidays, but Nahalat Shalom still loves me. This place is about as woo Jew as you can get, which is clearly my favorite flavor of Judaism. Rabbi Brin was one of the first women and out lesbians to be ordained, and recently married some of the first same-sex couples awarded marriage licenses in Bernalillo County! That is my kind of congregation.
<review# 359,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2013,11/23/2013,14,74,2,6,3>What an awesome addition to Abq! Nosh fills the void of the lack of a real Jewish deli here in the duke city. In what I have always thought would be a great space for a restaurant, Nosh links the intersection of Silver/Amherst at the corner of the old nob hill shopping center.I came here for lunch yesterday and while the place was packed, service was prompt and very professional- two things you might not expect for a restaurant thats been open for less than a week.Menu is standard Jewish deli fare with knishes, bialys, matzo ball soup.etc. Sandwiches take up the bulk of the items on the menu and there are also breakfast offerings. I had to try their version of the pastrami. Although it is not as gargantuan as what you would find in a Jewish deli in NY or LA, it was just as tasty, and less expensive. The pastrami had a nice smokey, salty taste to it and was served with a rye bread. The rye tasted great but was a little mushy and couldn't quite hold the sandwich together-no biggy. All sandwiches come with sides and their traditional creamy cold slaw was good. The pickle could use some work though as it was really soft in texture.Really excited this place is open, gives me the impression that our food options in Abq are getting better and better.
<review# 360,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2013,11/22/2013,3,27,7,4,3>Did you know they make real gawddamn paella? No seriously! Here, take ALL MAH MONEYS!!! Also the tapas. Not that small portion, appetizer shit that some local places pass off for "tapas" ,no siree bub,  this is the real bonafide 100% Spanish style shizzle.  We had the beef empanadas and the artichoke hearts and goat cheese.  EMPANADA WARNING!!! cut the end off those bad boys before you sink your teeth into them and let them cool the fuck off. Those golden fried, flak,y hand held nuggets of heaven retain the heat of the Sun in all that delicious juice that's lurking inside. Remember you have been warned. Don't be like that dumbass that sued McDonalds cause the coffee was too hot. Once you feel like it's safe to wrap your pie around it don't forget to put on some of green chile sauce stuff  that comes on the side. That shit makes them even better.  Save some for your bread and whatever else you want to put it on. Hell, ask the waiter to bring you more cause that shit is that good.The artichokes were a thing of poetry and beauty. No, seriously. Even a hardened jaded beeyotch like me was almost brought to tears by the simple elegance and beauty of the artichokes gently laid out like lotus' with a perfectly round dollop of orange peel infused goat cheese and a gentle sprinkling of finely diced red peppers.  I swear to God I have seen these depicted in a Japanese Ukiyoe painting complete with a geisha looking upon them all adoringly.  It was almost a shame to eat them they were so pretty but that's when the heartless beeyotch came back and I murdered those chokes. Now if this review of the food isn't enough then let me hip you to the rest of the package.  Wait staff was super friendly and attentive without being Bad Touch Uncle creepy. We sat outside on a slightly overcast day and the only thing that was slightly sucky was the flies and the frickin pigeon that kept wanting to get in the fountain behind me and take a bath.  Halfway through our meal the owner came out and chatted with us, Old school old world Spaniard that super care about his chow. We did our best to act all civilized and remember all those manners lessons Mom and Dad taught us. Told him we LOVED the food we'd be back with reinforcements next time. On hindsight maybe it was too much of an aggro threat than a polite promise of brining him more biz. Either way, like Arnold, We'll be back.
<review# 361,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2013,11/21/2013,157,655,7,8,6>It pains me to be the only non-five star review on here, but I'll tell you what, these four stars are four solid, well-earned stars. I had the pleasure of passing by here last night without being hungry, but mentioned to my wife that people have been saying good things for a while now and she responded "Well, let's go see what's good." I couldn't argue with that. I checked the menu, saw the three tacos for eight bucks deal and decided I'd go with that, despite my wife and I agreeing we just wanted one taco to taste and decide if future visits were apropos. I specified that I wanted fish tacos and the young lady attending me so kindly mentioned that it just happened to be $1 taco night. Holla! So I decided just to order two considering our, ahem, limited appetite. After a decent wait due to the sizeable crowd that had gathered, we got our tacos and sat right outside the shop and dug in. What we discovered was some straight fuego. Damn good tacos. A delicious batter, cabbage, some onions and picante. All very delicious. But with just two bites, I'd destroyed the poor little taco. I looked at my wife and already knew, more had to be bought.She went in to buy two more fish and two chicken. Unfortunately, the chicken weren't part of the taco special, costing $7 for two. Undeterred, we placed the order and awaited more goodness. The second round arrived, I scarfed down my fish taco with abandon and then dug in on the chicken jawn. I must say, fish is the move here. The chicken was flavorful, but a bit tough and dry and didn't quite pack the punch of the fish taco. This, combined with the small size of the tacos, is why I have docked a star. I think the food is outstanding, but I feel the tacos, when not a dollar, may be a bit on the high side. Still, this is a minor complaint. I look forward to returning and making love to that Cali burrito soon. Like Saturday night after a good buzz soon.
<review# 362,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/9/2013,11/20/2013,17,30,1,4,3>Second time here. Very cool and diverse menu. I got live lobster Bangkok style with house made noodles. Oh my that was tasty!!! My wife had Pho and it was satisfactory. Sat up at the bar and I wish it was a bit cleaner back in that kitchen. Service was great server actually recommended the dish it enjoyed so much. The first time I ate here I had dumplings. Not a lot of places in Albuquerque have dim sum.  Honored amazon local deal with no problems. Also cool that they were open till 11. We will be back.
<review# 363,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2013,11/19/2013,47,133,1,7,5>As most of you know I am a fan of out of the ordinary eateries. That's exactly what you get when you come to Duran Central Pharmacy. Don't be sketched out by the appearance of this lovely place, but enjoy the fact that you're going to get a wonderful meal that tastes like grandma stuck it out in a hot kitchen all morning to make a meal for you.This place isn't frilly or spectacular in design, but what it lacks in the appearance level it makes up for it in food and service. The chile is so incredibly flavorful and not overly spicy. You really get to enjoy the flavor of the chile without having to drown your mouth with several cups of milk. The service is fast and delightful as they get your drinks and your food out as quickly as they possibly can. It's a very cute brunch spot for you, your significant other, and your family. I also enjoy the fact that after your meal you can walk around this absolutely great little pharmacy. They have some cute gifts, out of the box kitchen supplies, candy, and beauty products. I ended up getting a little owl container that has awesome hand cream tucked away in it's little body! So cute! They also have a case of truffles that are absolutely delightful! If you need some food, a great place to pick up little gifts, or you're just in the mood to explore this is the place for you! I can't wait for more brunch dates here!
<review# 364,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2013,11/18/2013,123,1032,3,3,6>I'm a sucker for food trucks. I'm also especially susceptible to their charms when they happen to park outside of breweries that I frequent ...One of the things I like about this place is that it's so novel. Scottish food? Where you gonna find that? Most pubs will have something like fish and chips, and maybe a shepherd pie, some bangers, but nothing like what this mobile food truck offers. It's different, and it fills a niche. I'm good on that.Service was polite, and the food came out quickly. That's a win in my book. Did I mention it's tasty? Oh yes, Scottish Pie Shop brings you some tasty goods. I can't wait to find this place during a stormy winter evening outside of my local ale house.
<review# 365,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2013,11/17/2013,56,108,2,3,2>Excellent...EXCELLENT food! I've tried various Chinese restaurants around town, but none of them really had that "OH man! This is fantastic!" response in terms of flavor. I figured I should give Rose Garden a shot since the reviews on it were nice. Why it took me so long to check them out, I don't know, but everyone makes mistakes. I called in the order and it was ready by the time my husband got to their location (5 minutes from us) and he said their service was awesome. Very friendly staff members and helped him the second he walked in the door. Lemme tell ya something...I LOVE crab rangoon. If a place makes cruddy rangoon, they're instantly crossed off my list. RG's rangoon is AWESOME! So, I'm definitely a happy camper about that in addition to the rest of the stuff we ordered was fabulous. Extremely tender Mongolian beef, hearty lo mien & house fried rice, and my husband was over the moon with their General Tsaos chicken (the spicier, the better). You get a lot of food for your money, so we're set in terms of left overs. Long story short, try them out. You won't be sorry :)
<review# 366,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2013,11/16/2013,28,56,1,3,2>This is a great little mom and pop Vietnamese restaurant. Between a friend and I we ordered a BBQ Pork Bun, a Lemongrass Tofu Bun, and vegetarian spring rolls which were all yummy. The lettuce and veggies in the BBQ Pork Bun were verry fresh and crisp, not wilted like I've experienced at other places in town.I will be going back here soon to try some other things on the menu.
<review# 367,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2013,11/15/2013,92,147,2,6,6>Throw away your Starbucks card. Never mind Satellite. Giuseppe is back! Nob Hill (and dare I say Albuquerque) has suffered a dearth of good espresso since Nob Hill lost both Cafe Giuseppe and Ecco Gelato. Whatever the reasons, we are now saved! Giuseppe is back with his new cafe: Mimmo Espresso. Located in the Tech Love/Combine co-working/computer services space--but with a window to a few tables on the sidewalk--Mimmo Espresso is a no-nonsense place for thee best coffee in town.I'd been to the Tech Love/Combine space a few times about a year ago and thought it was a cool concept but really needed better coffee. My prayers have been answered. They're technically separate entities but you can walk up to Mimmo from either outdoors or from inside the co-working space. Giuseppe is happy to talk about espresso, Albuquerque or (of course) anything cycling. Mimmo (his giant, lovable dog) will most likely greet you and perhaps take a nap at your feet. This place has none of the frills that Cafe Giuseppe had save for some cycling photos. Just a trimmed-down espresso stand. The Tech Love/Combine space is a little sparse, but I'm hoping the traffic Mimmo will allow both entities to prosper.
<review# 368,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2013,11/14/2013,58,80,2,4,2>Local and fresh item creatively prepared in a passionate way. The menu changes weekly with a few constants. The space is clean and the staff is uber nice! They have comfortable and welcoming indoor and outdoor seating. Food is served quickly which makes it great for those who work in the area. I highly recommend adding a lemonade with zing and a dessert to your meal.
<review# 369,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2013,11/13/2013,102,60,2,9,5>To me this is a real find! There is something about the way these guys do things on their own terms that really appeals to me. Bosque Baking is off the beaten path and is providing a few people in the know with Artisan level bread and goodies.Its probably best to enter Bosque Baking in full chill mode. Then the elements of good music and relaxed pace will seem like a natural fit to you. Have a look at what may have just come out of the oven- empanadas both savory & sweet, cookies and of course the beautifully crusted breads. Everything is of limited quantities so you might get your feelings hurt once in a while when they don't have the Peanut Butter Cookie you rolled in for.The stand at the Growers Market probably gives Bosque Baking Company more exposure than the true street location does but this kind of quality can't hide for long. I hope they are ready to scale up and grow! Oh yeah I must tell you about the Roast Beef on Rye sandwich. It has Gruyere, caramelized onions & horseradish sauce. Definitely worth waiting for.
<review# 370,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/2/2013,11/12/2013,50,75,1,4,3>I love middle eastern food! Tip: buy one entree and share a bread and you and your partner or friend you all will be satisfied.The waiters are very friendly and the owner comes and greets your table throughout your meal. Enjoy!
<review# 371,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2013,11/11/2013,34,77,2,7,2>Wonderful food, great service! We have been here twice mostly because of Yelp. Our meal was great!The miso soup was great! It had both a great flavor and aroma.We ordered sushi rolls and our favorite was the NM roll. It had a solid mix of flavors that all stood out.The flavors were well balanced and the sauces used to accent were among the best. We will be back! The only drawback and has been mentioned by others was that it was a bit pricy, and if they offered a better price point this place would be rockin'!
<review# 372,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2013,11/10/2013,89,325,,5,4>I love the selections of yogurt and toppings that this location has. They have everything from healthy, sugar-free options to not sugar-free. The yogurts are low-fat, though. I think my favorite flavor is probably cake batter...or red velvet. And the toppings? Olo has that covered. You've got healthy options with flax, various fresh fruits (including lychee which might just be the most interesting fruit ever), and granola. And if you are not interested in those, they've got lots of candy including chocolate, sprinkles, cereal, and other delicious bits. They even have yummy sauces to top it all off. Enjoy!
<review# 373,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2013,11/9/2013,36,106,1,6,4>I have two favorite New Mexican breakfast/lunch spots in ABQ and Sophia's is one of them. The food is very authentic and fresh... and you can actually tell apart the different ingredients on your meal, unlike what you get in most New Mexican restaurants. For breakfast I recommend the breakfast burrito or the blue corn pancakes. For lunch I recommend the taco salad. Normally, you get a free drink if you pay with cash instead of credit card.
<review# 374,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2013,11/8/2013,2,67,,2,3>Once again I tried a place out based on rave reviews from fellow Yelpers. The high overall rating is definitely well deserved!I drove by and almost decided to dine elsewhere because the parking lot was completely full and the ordering window line was long. I decided to call in my order and drive around for a few minutes. When I arrived, 15 minutes later, I told them I placed a call in order which was acknowledged by the guy at the counter. It didn't seem to help that I called in because the guys who ordered right in front of me got their order before I did. Thankfully I was not in a hurry so I am not going to ding them for the delay.Now the food. The menu has so many interesting choices but I decided to go with the tacos.I got  4 tacos. Lengua, Barbacoa, Fish and Carnitas. I don't think I ever tried lengua before and if I had it certainly was not as memorable as this taco. It was super tender and very tasty. The fish taco was also very enjoyable. Other two were good but not great.Overall, I certainly agree this place is one of the best and I look forward to returning to try other selections.By the way, the Horchata was excellent. One final note: I enjoyed the meal so much I went to Taco Cabana for a Lengua taco, Carnitas taco and Horchata . Big mistake! I actually threw the Lengua out after one bite. Not even close! I won't make that mistake again! If Taqueria Mexico wasn't 20+ minutes from my house I would certainly eat there often.
<review# 375,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2013,11/7/2013,50,115,,7,4>I am so glad that we have rail service between Albuquerque and Santa Fe! Although I've only ridden the Rail Runner once, I think it's so important for any metro area to have functional public transportation. Things I loved:- Very smooth ride- Most of the patrons were quiet, so I could get some reading done- Two full levels of seating - the top level is great for views!- Comfortable and clean- Free wifiThings that could definitely be improved:- Speed (The "express" is 1.5 hours from ABQ to SF?! Aren't trains supposed to be faster than cars? Since I can make the drive in 50 minutes, this seriously diminishes the value of the train. Why take the train, and be stuck in SF without a car, if the commute is actually twice as slow?)- Free wifi didn't really work for me and kept cutting out, but I love that they're trying.I really hope the speed can be improved in the next few years, because that would really make the Rail Runner a viable alternative for traveling to Santa Fe. It would also make people more likely to live in one city and work in the other, since now the commute is just terrible enough to defer a lot of folks from doing that. But as it is now, just grab a book, relax, and enjoy the long, smooth ride.
<review# 376,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2013,11/6/2013,50,223,2,4,3>It's rather hard to find a coffee shop where you can get work done and not have to worry about crappy music or annoying people.  Good coffee, simple atmosphere.. Calm. basically nice place to get work done have a quiet meeting.  This pretty much sums it up.
<review# 377,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2013,11/5/2013,143,54,7,8,8>AARRFF!  ARF!  In the good ol' Bunkhouse Building comes a new and welcome business.  This one is a charity disguised as a thrift shop!  The items you chose to donate or buy here go to benefit the Southwest Animal Rescue Fund, Inc.  A great cause that is dedicated to alleviating the suffering of homeless animals in New Mexico.  Think about giving some good stuff here instead of suffering through another yard sale to help a good cause.  Inside, you may meet Nancy.  A straight shooting gal who can give you all the info you want to know about the place.  This is a tough one to review since the stuff I see this week won't be the same stuff you see in a few weeks.  (At least we hope it moves that quickly)  The items are the usual you'd expect; dishes, clothes, lamps and lots of treasures.  There was no direct phone line to the store when I was there, but you can get all the info you need from the website.  The number listed is the Rescue Info Line.In the end they get 5 stars because it's a fun place and it's a charity!  I didn't list them under that because I couldn't find it but if you know how, then please do!Go there, take stuff or buy stuff.  Help animals.  Feel good.  Simple.
<review# 378,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/18/2013,11/4/2013,23,88,3,2,2>I had never been to Clark's before. I'm a strict Petsmart patron, but Clark's was close when I was in a bind. I was really impressed with the selection of stuff available for so many types of critters! I caught myself eyeing a new bird cage and considering adopting a bunny. The prices were moderate but the selection made up for it. I will certainly be back for bird supplies. They have some if the better prices in town.
<review# 379,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2013,11/3/2013,144,168,4,11,7>The only negative about this place, and it's only a negative if you live on the south side of town, is that it's located one block south of Paseo del Norte Boulevard. For those north, it's a great location on San Pedro just one block east of Int. 25. Easy access on and off the freeway. For those who live south, the haul is well worth it. They use all fresh fruits and all freshly squeezed juices. All. No concentrated juices. No ice creams or sherbets. Their soy and almond milks do not have added sugar. Same with their non-fat yogurt. They have a variety of acai bowls with a variety of fruit, some with non-fat yogurt, granola, apple juice, almonds or skim milk. Fresh muffins and scones for those wanting something on the more decadent side. These guys are so aware of locally-grown and sustainability, they focus on using fresh   seasonal ingredients, so smoothies, juices and acai bowls may vary season to season. This place is ideal for those wanting to eat healthy and who wish to not only support local, but local with an awareness for sustainable practices. Oh, and they are open really early and really late. Forget the chain-store smoothie shops, come here.
<review# 380,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2013,11/2/2013,65,120,4,10,5>This morning I was looking for a meat-free, wheat-free, and corn-free breakfast.  Decided to return to Chips & Salsa and my breakfast turned out to be exactly what I was wanting.The Huevos Mexicani was a nice omelet stuffed with fresh tomatoes, onions, jalapenos, and cheese along with beans and papas.  The plate is only $5.95.  I added a side of red chile.If this place was charging $9 to $10 like many other breakfast places in town then it wouldn't be one of my favorite new places.  But at this price and with the food tasting so good I am putting it on my list of regular places to go.
<review# 381,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/3/2013,11/1/2013,65,45,4,7,7>I stopped in to Rebel to pick up a couple dozen donuts for my birthday (TO SHARE, I promise).  The donut slinger /barista (is there a better name for donut slingers? ciambellista? hrm...) was very enthusiastic & helpful: describing all the donuts (since the names are fun, but somewhat opaque) and recommending I snag a pancakes & bacon donut for myself-- excellent advice.I tried more than a few varieties, and everything was tasty.  I also got a coffee, which was solid, although I'm definitely no coffee connoisseur.  I plan on swinging by Rebel again whenever I need a sugarbomb.
<review# 382,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2013,10/31/2013,151,116,,5,3>I am such a fan of this place that I tend to bring my out-of-town guests here, which never disappoints!  The food is amazing and I love their little touches that show they really care.  I had a birthday celebration there and they had the cutest hand-written note on the table for me.  Their scones are also legendary and to die for.  So good!  The decor is a little funky, maybe not as elegant as it could be, but more of a homey place.  I love it!
<review# 383,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2013,10/30/2013,12,60,4,6,4>Used to live in Brooklyn. I went to the food church of Coco Rocco regularly when I was there. Beautiful rotisserie Peruvian chicken with magical creamy aji sauce and the best fried yucca. Lived in Seattle and the Bay area in CA since. No luck.Oh ABQ, you slay me. First I had to come here for the Chinese I was longing for and now you have the Peruvian chicken and fries or fried yucca I didn't dare dream would be here.Go. They  need time for carry-out prep, but it's worth it if you forget to call ahead. These people cook with their heart and soul. It's in the food.
<review# 384,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2013,10/29/2013,20,21,,2,3>Since Bahama Bucks has opened my family and I have been able to enjoy one of my favorite Texas treats. Bahama Bucks must have some shaved ice scientists hiding in the back because they have the softest, most delicious snow cones I have ever tried in my life. This location is wonderful because of their drive-though, which is convenient when I don't want high school kids to see me run in. Sometimes there are long lines and waits, but I can assure you it is totally worth it. You must try their "Bahama Rama Mama" style snow cones that include ice cream at the bottom.
<review# 385,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2013,10/28/2013,15,139,2,9,2>This place is really special - Guava serves truly excellent Costa Rican food. I can't think of another place in ABQ that I'd rather go to for under $10. The arepas are served hot and packed with fresh ingredients that burst with flavor. My favorite - the La Del Perro - comes with shredded beef (so tasty), avocado (so fresh), sweet plantains, and cheese (white and crumbly, perfectly complementary). Guava's patio is shaded and comfortable. Fruit water is on the house - a nice touch. I've never been to Costa Rica, but it's pretty obvious that Guava Tree exudes authenticity (if you care about that sort of thing). I was so impressed that I chatted up the co-owner before leaving, and he was super friendly - I'd be crushed if his business doesn't thrive.Pro gluten free tip: arepas are made with corn flour and are thus naturally gluten free. It's really cool that arepas are, at their best, a gluten free food, rather than the gluten free version of some other wheat-based food.
<review# 386,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2013,10/27/2013,27,66,4,4,6>BEST carnitas tacos I've had in forever!! I mouth-gasmed ALL OVER em!  I was relaxing at Marble Brewery last Friday for a lil happy hour with some friends, and one of them suggested these tacos...I owe him a debt of gratitude. I will now search out this truck just to get me some amazing tacos! I'm not sure what made them so delicious...the meat was tender, juicy, and practically melted in my mouth. The red chile salsa they served it with was the perfect topping. I crave these tacos ALL THE TIME NOW...seriously, I'm craving them right now. Find this truck and eat these tacos!!...oh but swing by and pick me up first ;)
<review# 387,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2013,10/26/2013,55,73,4,4,5>it's really 4.5 stars...I loved Zinc enough to have my wedding reception there two years ago and I still love it. It's my go-to place for great food. I never leave disappointed. I love watching the chefs cook at the bar from above in the mezzanine. I love their wine selection. I adore their specials and their locally grown lamb is my hubby's favorite. ever. We come back again and again. It's fancy but not stuffy, elegant but not snitty, and I love the big balls of light that dance around the exquisitely cool architecture of the space...
<review# 388,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2013,10/25/2013,67,177,2,6,4>***Waterpark review only!We came on a Sunday morning in October right when they opened at 10. It was pretty dead but then got busier as the time went on. We are two adults with no kids so really there wasn't a ton for us to do but for the $21 total it cost us...it was def worth it. My husband liked the flow rider (apparently the only one in NM). I liked the tube slide more than the body slide...and the lazy river was kinda short but not bad. More fun stuff here I think if you are younger... Though as an adult the flow rider is pretty cool looking. The line for it can get long though.. Even with only a few people in it, it's  a long wait.There's a hot tub that is half indoor half outside but the outside part was closed. Kinda bugged me cuz I think when it gets cooler out that's even a better time to be outside in a hot tub. Oh well.Not a bad place to have an Abq staycation day.
<review# 389,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2013,10/24/2013,50,84,1,6,4>I'm not really a fan of frozen yogurt, but this frozen yogurt bar has a secret: They make tasty milk teas and smoothies that you can order with boba. Avacado and Taro flavors are great and taste much less powdery than the concoctions from boba tea company.
<review# 390,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2013,10/23/2013,25,3,2,6,4>For the longest time, I thought that with its large Vietnamese community, Albuquerque needed a vegetarian Vietnamese restaurant. Looks like this is that restaurant. Not only is this a vegetarian Vietnamese restaurant, but an excellent restaurant all around! The dishes are familiar Vietnamese dishes but with faux meats instead of real meat, chicken, or fish! This means that if you order a fish dish, you are getting a soy fish dish and not real fish, same with the pork, beef, etc.So what should I talk about first? The fresh spring rolls with tofu are very fresh and delightful. The steamed buns are homemade and chock full of all kinds of goodness: peas, veggie ham, and a lot of other great tasting randomness. I've had the pho, the salted catfish, the Vietnamese sour soup, and even the grilled crispy fish. They've yet to disappoint me. Best of all... this isn't one of those places where you have awesome food but a cranky staff. It is a family-owned restaurant and everybody there is awesome! They will remember your name, what you like to drink, they're friendly and often have great stories to tell. I honestly don't think you could ask for a better restaurant and I highly recommend them! If you like Vietnamese food you should drop in soon!
<review# 391,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2013,10/22/2013,5,40,2,4,3>Went on 10/12/13 for updos for a wedding. Three of us. Can't say enough stuff about how nice everything was. The staff is really nice and our updos were fantastic.  I can't remember who did my hair but she has been there 2 years and is leaving the for Mark Pardo further down Juan Tabo, in two months.  Nice atmosphere and I will for sure be back.  $25 for an updo.
<review# 392,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2013,10/21/2013,47,245,3,12,7>I hope the moon hits my eye like a pizza pie from this place. Mamma mia! Let me get one thing out of the way: People who say that this isn't good pizza don't know what real Neapolitan pizza is. Naples is the birthplace of pizza, and it's how pizza should be. All the God-awful pizza forced onto the American populace by terrible chain restaurants has convinced a great many people that pizza should be thick-crusted, smothered in cheese, tomato sauce (not real San Marzano tomatoes), and a veritable host of greasy meats. Not so. Real pizza, the way God and Raffaele Esposito intended it, is made with 00 flour, San Marzano tomatoes, handmade mozzarella, and a very light smattering of toppings (basil, sausage, whatever). In Naples, many places serve a pizza called simply "marinara," which is a pizza crust topped with garlic, olive oil, oregano, and tomato. If a place can do one of these well, it's legit.Amore does the Marinara extremely well. So well, in fact, that I came back the very next day with my husband in tow and had the Margherita and the Zia. Both were exquisitely crafted with great local ingredients and the utmost of skill. The pizza prices are more than fair, although I found the beers to be a little on the expensive side. Not so much that I didn't enjoy one, but I think I'd probably head out to another place if I wanted another beer. If the weather is nice, eat on the rooftop patio. The view is stunning!
<review# 393,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2013,10/20/2013,41,39,1,5,3>I really love this place. Honestly if I had the money I would probably eat brunch here everyday and never get tired of it. I usually have the Poached eggs with asparagus and prosciutto. It never disappoints. Everything here is local, I love that. I love that they support the community. I love that I'm not eating processed food. I love that they care about what they are feeding people. You can tell they put love into everything detail of their business. All of their sandwiches are fantastic. I especially love the Roast Beef one, I usually order it hot. The sides are always fresh and creative. The atmosphere is really cute, warning if you go during peak times it will most definitely be busy but the waitstaff is really helpful on making sure you get a place to sit. The biggest treat of going here is getting a cupcake. Their cupcakes beat all the cupcakes in the world. Whenever I am having a bad day my husband never fails to show up with that glorious little brown box and surely inside is a "heavenly chocolate" cupcake, Its dense without being dry, still fluffy, the chocolate tastes like chocolate (I know that sounds weird, but most chocolate flavored things don't even have chocolate its just a bunch of crap and sugar) The frosting isn't too sweet, its the perfect melt in your mouth consistency, and the little chips on top just add to its decadence. You will never meet a more desirable dessert. Keep in mind, I'm not big on dessert so this is huge for me to have such a love affair with something sweet.
<review# 394,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2013,10/19/2013,26,4,,2,1>I decided to check this place out after reading the other Yelp reviews. I got the deluxe pedicure ($24.95) and received one of the best foot massages I have ever had during a pedicure. My technician was very sweet and attentive and took her time. The massage chairs they have are also very nice and higher end compared to other nail salons I've been to. I will definitely come back for another pedicure!
<review# 395,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2013,10/18/2013,0,3,,1,>REALLY REALLY delicious! REALLY REALLY  fresh! The buffet is simple. The salad bar is small, but what they offer is garden-fresh ingredients. It's not the quantity but the QUALITY that we love! The green beans? REALLY REALLY awesome! I don't eat the pizza but my family loves it! :) Great job Tomato Cafe!
<review# 396,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2013,10/17/2013,8,37,,4,1>It's always difficult finding a good mechanic when you re-locate.  It's even harder finding a GREAT mechanic.  Well I did and I am happy to share  with everyone on Yelp.  I found out about Shea's Auto when I went to AutoZone on 4th and Candeleria to get my my free diagnostic reading when my engine light went on.  In case you didn't know, I didn't, that you can get a free diagnostic reading at any AutoZone.  They can only do it when your engine light comes on.  So after they  diagnosed the problem I asked if they could recommend a place.  They said go to Shea's Auto, which was around the corner on 2nd.   Before I did that I got a couple of other estimates then I went to Shea's Auto. Without showing Shea my other estimates he did another diagnostic reading, came up with the same diagnosis and beat both of the other estimates.  One was $50.00 more the other almost $100.00.  When I brought my car to be repaired Shea gave me a ride to work and the job was completed by the time I got off from work.  My car drives like it did when I drove it from the dealership.  And it's an11 year old car. So if you are looking for not just a good mechanic  but a great one  go to Shea's Auto.  PS..I'm going back tomorrow to have my air conditioner repaired.  Shea's Auto beat my other estimate by over $100.00.
<review# 397,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/8/2013,10/16/2013,78,113,2,7,3>Upon first entering this establishment I was somewhat, nervous. It's a nice clean place, kind of bare bones, but friendly atmosphere. I had been wanting to try out this place for a couple of months after reading a review about their "sushi tacos". Since I love tacos so much I was much looking forward to this. After scanning the menu, I didn't see it offered. I asked the waitress, and she told me it was not being offered anymore. ?? Not even for a special order. :/ Next we got our drinks and miso soup. This is where I got REALLY nervous, the Miso soup was really BLAND. No taste, barely warm. My daughter's green tea soda was very gritty. EEK! We ordered the sashimi platter, which is quite a steal of a deal at $23.  I was a bit apprehensive, but much to my surprise....YUM!! Delicious fresh fish that had delicate flavors through and through. (Except the octopus, but I have yet to have good octopus this far from the ocean.) As seen in my picture, the sashimi portions are generous and presented well. I wish I could've asked which fish was what, there were a couple I was not sure of. Our waitress was quite busy, but pleasant. No mind, it was delicious! I will most certainly go back. I just hope they can work on their miso recipe.p.s. - dessert tea is da bomb!
<review# 398,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/4/2013,10/15/2013,34,128,3,3,4>Ok I'd give it 5 star but I froze my butt off. This was a great event for out of towners to get to know some local food vendors. The food was great--although it could have had more vegetarian options.  I improvised.  The vendors were all friendly, helpful and to say generous would be an understatement. I don't think anyone went away hungry. Sadie's thank you for the show of your kitchen. Wow a ton if prep work!  And those sweets ahhhhh my waistline hates you. Yes I had to loosen my belt. The food at the media tent was super as well thank you Neds. The chips and salsa were fresh and just enough of a bite!  I know where I'll be heading the next time I'm craving great chips and salsa!Blake's you gave those meat livers an extra treat on the way back to the tent with those green chili cheese burgers. Huge! And apparently tasty!This was a fun yet chilly event. I guess a great preview of the Balloon Fiesta!
<review# 399,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/3/2013,10/14/2013,56,63,3,6,5>Sharky's is a great place to get your taco fix. You order at an outdoor window. There is covered seating in the parking lot. The prices are fair. My husband and I ordered shrimp, fish and beef tacos. All three were delicious, the sauce is also great. The only thing I'd recommend is that they open another location with indoor seating. It was hard to fully enjoy our food while trying to keep it from blowing away.
<review# 400,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/2/2013,10/13/2013,58,27,3,6,6>I live very close to the Zoo. I enjoy visiting on a regular basis because it is so wheelchair accessible. The events the Zoo has on a regular basis makes going there a new experience. The concerts are such a treat and make it so relaxing for our family to enjoy. I always learn something new and enjoy the exhibits.
<review# 401,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2013,10/12/2013,11,1,,5,2>Never ever will I allow any other stylist touch my hair because frankly I think I have found the best there is! Shannon the owner takes pride in her work as well as the function of her salon. She's so down to earth and truly listens to what you're  looking for. The staff is very knowledgable and can give expert advice and recommendations on your style needs. If your looking for expert stylists and outstanding customer service this is the place to be! I'm so happy I found the right home for my salon needs! ;)
<review# 402,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2013,10/11/2013,2,1,3,5,4>I went to flawless to have (2) tattoo's removed, I was so surprised to see that only after one session my tattoo's were significantly lighter and even happier that after a couple of months they faded away completely! The Flawless Staff was extremely professional and I had such a great experience there. I would recommend Flawless completely, I'm so happy with my results!!! Andrea T.
<review# 403,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/5/2013,10/10/2013,90,146,,4,4>The new JumboTron is amazing! This stadium was beautful for this last weeks opening football game! It looks better then when I went to school at UNM. It made me proud to say I graduated from UNM.
<review# 404,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2013,10/9/2013,39,137,,5,2>Love this place! Been coming here for a few years now, and it's always been great every time. Staff is always friendly and service is always good. Sushi always tastes fresh and as good as any other sushi place in the town. The mango roll is unique and worth a try if you've never tried it! Atmosphere is warm,cozy and inviting. Looks like they're getting ready to remodel and make the place bigger which will be nice. If you haven't tried it yet, Go!
<review# 405,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2013,10/8/2013,57,110,1,8,8>The thing about Japanese Kitchen is.... their sushi is fresh and the food on their menu is authentic. It is probably the one of the only Japanese Restaurants owned and run by Japanese Immigrants. I usually go in and order their Bento boxes and it is amazing. Last night I had their Udon Noodle soup and it was delicious.It is one of those places that have been in ABQ for a very long time. If you are a Japanese food (not just sushi) fanatic do give this place a try.I can't speak for the side that has Teppan, but the side that serves regular Japanese food and sushi is definitely a must try.
<review# 406,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/28/2013,10/7/2013,18,141,1,3,3>Awesome friendly service.  Literally no wait.  I was there approximately 15 minutes.  There is a coupon in the entertainment book for $10 off.  There are also coupons on line.  Getting the oil changed here is so simple - no appointments, no hassle, no worrying about what to do with the old oil.  I didn't even have to get out of my car.  Love this location.
<review# 407,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2013,10/6/2013,69,171,8,15,9>To describe the service as "good" would not do the experience justice.  Basically we were ushered through a sequence of savory environments with seamless transitions.  I will use the word "talented" to describe the staff.For cocktails, I highly recommend the manhattan at the Crown Room.  It is currently the best I've had.  The dominant tone is a fine 6 year bourbon with an elevated bitters and a gourmet port soaked cherry.  However, good ingredients are useless without a keen talent to shake it properly.  There were no broken ice shards or the watered down flavor you get from over zealous shakers.  It was perfectly mixed.  The berries a la mode in Chambord flambe is prepared table side with 18 inch high flames.  The taste is incredible and I am compelled to return for more.  (Bananas Foster is also flamed tableside.  You'll not want to miss the show (because they don't bake the cake tableside...).The filet mignon is served with a terrific au poivre cognac which lends a heightened tannin on the palate.  The steak was prepared to the correct temperature and had a fine texture.  This was paired with a surprising Malbec.  I think of Malbec as a monochromatic blending wine due to its role in the Bordeux regional.  This dominant tone emerges as a molasses or chocolate due to the oak.  This tone is what matched so well with the Cognac bark on the steak.  The surprise was that the Malbec was quite robust on its own and had a terrific balance of bright fruity tones   On the subject of main courses, I also had a sample of the bass which was exquisite.  I do believe I felt a tinge of jealousy because the bass was possibly the better tasting.  However, comparing a steak to a fish is no more futile that an apple to an orange.  (oranges are better!)I discovered truffle oil this evening.  I love how it adds such a terrific complexity to the buttery saltiness of the mashed potatoes.  Certainly a highlight that I recommend.  I will be seeking truffle oil in the future as a point of attraction.In context, the prices may be daunting in the paradigm of Albuquerque, and for this reason I encourage people who want the best economics for a fine dining experience to look out for tasting events where you can get double course meals with wine matches for a price on par with the regular menu.
<review# 408,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2013,10/5/2013,52,169,1,5,4>I'm amazed that TFK doesn't get the props that it deserves in the ABQ food truck scene.  They're usually parked at Marble or Tractor, and their brisket is some of the best in town.  For $8, you can get a brisket (or pulled pork, etc.) sandwich and chips or potato salad.  Their meats are so smokey and juicy, and their cole slaw is a great complement.  I've heard that their smoked pork and ribs are great, but I love the brisket so much that I've never tried anything else.Check em out and you won't regret it.
<review# 409,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2013,10/4/2013,125,201,1,9,6>First of all, let me say that owner, Phil is a fabulous man! And boy can he cook!!!  While you wait for your food, there are chips and salsa to munch on along with a beverage area that offers fountain drinks, ice tea, and ice water. Me & my husband both got their "papa burger" which is very filling.  The burgers were juicy and delciious. And the "add your own toppings" bar was a nice added touch! They offer pickles, lettuce, tomatoes, jalapenos, ketchup, mustard, hot sauce, and mayo in the self-serve bar. The decor and environment had a very local "dive" feel to it. But, the food and friendly service was so amazing that we will keep coming back again and again!
<review# 410,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2013,10/3/2013,33,137,3,3,5>My husband and I had dinner here for our anniversary (one week late, but that's okay). The most interesting thing that happened was that Morgan Freeman sat across from us with his entourage (including a young woman about whom we speculated..). I hear he's been eating there once a week or so (according to our server).To the dining experience: We missed the non-casino entrance and it's always culture shock for me to walk through the casino with the smoke and glazed eyes of all the gamblers. The restaurant is on the top floor of the hotel and has beautiful views. I had requested patio dining when I made my reservation through OpenTable only to find out that the patio dining is for the lounge and is walk-in only. Seasons does the same thing and I don't understand why nice restaurants don't offer reserved patio dining. Oh well. We sat inside and although we didn't sit right next to the window, the hostess sat us facing the Sandias and it was quite lovely.The restaurant decor is minimalist but nice. Our server was very nice, but not very polished. We ordered a bottle of Moët et Chandon and she said she didn't know which one that was so asked me for the bottle number instead, which cracked me up. Also, her demeanor was very casual and for a nice restaurant, seemed out of place. Okay, enough snobbery.I started with a cup of French onion soup. It was tasty, but not the best I've had. We drank our champagne and I ate my soup before we ordered dinner. I decided on the buffalo tenderloin and I substituted the sweet potato gratin with the mushroom risotto. I also ordered a side of asparagus with Hollandaise sauce. My husband (I need to come up with a moniker for him for Yelp) had a wedge and the 12 oz. prime rib with green chile Yorkshire pudding. It was perfectly cooked, but probably had 4 oz. of fat. That's okay, he didn't need to eat that much meat anyway. The Yorkshire pudding was like a biscuit with the consistency of whipped eggs. It was okay, but not terribly remarkable. The prime rib was tasty. My tenderloin ($50!!) was about 6-8 oz., cooked perfectly, and wrapped in bacon, like a filet mignon. Buffalo is very lean, hence drier than beef, but it was tender and delicious, particularly with the flavor the bacon imparted. The risotto was very creamy and scrumptious. The asparagus also had a unique, smoky flavor and was perfectly cooked--on the crunchy side. I had a dollop of risotto, two-thirds of the asparagus, and about half my tenderloin to take home. Husband ate all of his food, minus the 4 oz. of fat.We finished the bottle of champagne and though I didn't need it, I had a glass of Malbec to finish my dinner. The dessert selection was limited, but I was in the mood for crème brûlée and ordered it. Our server saw that Husband wasn't particularly keen on eating it and he didn't really want dessert but asked him if he were to order a dessert, what would it be. I told her the chocolate tort. She brought us both and they were excellent. The crème brûlée had a very unique flavor that I can't quite pin--perhaps extra vanilla? It was delicious and the chocolate tort was excellent, too and was served with this cold vanilla crème, sort of like ice cream, but also like a mousse. Yum.After all that, we paid about $240 with tip, but the server didn't charge us for the desserts (maybe because we ordered expensive champagne? Or because it was our anniversary?), which was very nice. A nice restaurant, nice service, if not a bit unpolished, good food, nice views. You could certainly have a nice meal there and not spend nearly as much and still have it be fabulous. One last thing: we we a little star-struck by seeing Morgan Freeman there, but we didn't stare and talk about him as if he wasn't there, though our server kept talking about him. People were pretty cool about leaving him alone until he left and then a couple near us stood up and while Freeman shook hands with the guy, the woman asked if he'd take a picture with her and he, understandably, blew her off. Come on, folks. Be cool!! Don't do that!
<review# 411,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2013,10/2/2013,7,10,1,5,2>OH MY GOD!That in itself could be a well-rounded review for this place.  I had heard about Chocolate Dude opening and was intrigued to check it out.  Chocolate and I are the best of friends, so I obviously needed give this place a try.  My friend and I went this afternoon, and I was enticed by the aesthetics of the store's decor and of course the chocolate treats themselves.  We were offered a sample of their chocolate and caramel covered apples, which was absolutely delicious.  My friend opted for dark chocolate covered strawberries.  I went with more of a variety and got a dark chocolate covered Oreo, a dark chocolate Coconut Haystack (chocolate and coconut), and a dark chocolate Pecan Lobo (chocolate, caramel and pecans).  I'm pretty sure I went into a chocolate-induced coma.  Everything was incredibly scrumptious!  The texture and flavor of their dark chocolate and caramel were just perfect, not too hard or sweet, and they complemented each other well.I'm still interested in trying their other chocolates and especially their enormous chunks of fudge.  Needless to say, I greatly enjoyed my experience here, and I will undoubtedly be making many return trips in the future.  Highly recommended!
<review# 412,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2013,10/1/2013,3,39,2,3,2>Had my sons birthday party here recently and all went pretty well. I was worried because of the previous reviews about ruined birthdays and upset guests but luckily there was no other party at the same time so we were allowed to use both bounce rooms. The host, Branden, I believe did the best he could with the training he might have had. He was polite and directed us through the entire party but I didn't know how it all worked, what his purpose was. I would have liked a run through of the his role and the party timing, etc. I also felt rushed during the opening of the presents. I was presented with thank you cards for our guests that Branden filled out with who gave what. Great idea and appreciated but you could tell he rushed to fill the out and so names and gifts were hard to read and some guests names misspelled. I can't possibly give my guests these cards with misspelled names and chicken scratch hand-writing, so a waste of time and marketing since the cards also have a coupon for $ off their own party. All in all though a good time was had by all.
<review# 413,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2013,9/30/2013,28,15,,2,2>One of our traditions is to go to Los Cuates every time my folks come to visit. Lets just say we are never disappointed!!!! Great service, great food and great atmosphere. The hostesses are always so welcoming. The servers are so prompt and we never have an empty glass. I get the same thing every time, but everyone else gets something different and always love what they get. And Saturday nights they have the mariachis playing.
<review# 414,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2013,9/29/2013,44,107,3,4,4>Enjoyed the evening of learning about some local nonprofits, watching an artist create a painting before our eyes, and a live band to boot. Good eats from local joints: Ahhromas Pizza was tasty as always, really enjoyed the kale juice from Squeezed and the meatballs from Joes House were fab as well. I've heard about the S Valley Economic Development Center before and read about what they do to help businesses become a success so it was cool to see it in the flesh. Thanks Howie for an out of the box Yelp event.
<review# 415,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2013,9/28/2013,122,177,6,7,7>hello my name is Ernesto, and I am addicted.  Addicted to craft beer.  I had no idea how big the craft beer scene was here in central New Mexico.  Since moving to Albuquerque I have made it my mission to try out all of the breweries in New Mexico.  Since I have this addiction, I always wondered if I could in fact brew my own beer.  I was always hesitant since my friend told me a story on how his beer blew up in the bathroom.  I always thought it was a complicated process and I didn't have the patience to produce some great suds.  Well this all changed when I started doing more research and was fortunate to watch an experienced home brewer work his magic and answer a whole bunch of questions at the same time.  That's when I knew I was capable of making a batch, now I needed to get my supplies.  This is where Southwest Grape and Grain comes into the picture.  I was told about this awesome place by a few people.  I went to browse the store and check out the products.  The place is located in a strip mall next to a MMA gym.  I'm not a big fan of browsing in specialty shops because it seems like the employees just stare at you.  This was not the case at SW Grape and Grain.  They let you just wander and look at everything,  and if you have a question or look like you have a question they are on it.  When I went, I didn't really plan on buying anything but I ended getting the supplies I needed to start brewing my own beer.  This place have everything you can think of.  The staff is friendly and knowledgeable.  Which was great because I must have asked a million questions while I was getting what I needed.  This is definitely you one stop for your brewing needs.  They also have supplies to make wine and cheese.  I thought it was great that you can also sign up for classes that show you how to brew too.  As I write this my English Brown Ale is fermenting, and I can't wait to see how it comes out.  If you are looking to home brew or make wine, this is place to go.  Cheers!
<review# 416,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2013,9/27/2013,81,210,3,5,4>I'm actually writing this review about the experience my husband had at Square Root yesterday. First off, let me say that I am ecstatic with my husband's hair. Guys' hair is hard to get excited about but even he mentioned today that he thinks this is the best hair cut he's ever gotten and I have to agree. Brittany nailed it!!! (Thanks, Brittany!!) It's a teeny bit on the pricey side but I have to say that I agree with it because for $30, Dave got a sexy hair cut and she includes a maintenance side/neck trim in between cuts. Heck yes, methinks that is an awesome deal!!!
<review# 417,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2013,9/26/2013,59,79,3,3,3>Delicious. Simply delicious! And I didn't even eat there! I did, however, enter into a wonderland of delights! The perfume... sigh. As advertised on the front of the building, no "ordinary scents" and what they carried was special. I have my eye on a few... A case of sparkly and oh-so-pretty baubles immediately caught my eye- barrettes, hair pins, headbands, and look! Tiaras! Can't. Stop. Staring. Add tiara to list. This store rocks the party. It reminds me of the pharmacies when I lived in Belgium and does carry European bath and body lines. I wanted to live there. I'd even sleep on a cot in the back. THIS is the good stuff, and it's right here in Albuquerque. Brilliant.
<review# 418,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2013,9/25/2013,76,131,3,8,5>I absolutely love Nexus. And yes it's a reference to Battlestar Gallactica of which I didn't know until a nerd told me. Tangent! Sorry.This place is probably my best foodgasm. Where to start, everything and I am not exaggerating, everything on the menu is wonderful. Macaroni and Cheese, Red Beans and Rice, Gumbo, Fried Okra, loaded fries, beers, nachos, frito pie, Fish & Chips, Chicken & Waffles, Bacon Waffles (omg), fish tacos, ooh the fried zucchini, chicken sandwich, pulled pork sliders, burgers, fried pickles, onion petals, I'm not kidding, everything is awesome. BUT  if you had to choose your last meal, and this is where I would go...I would get a bacon waffle, mac & cheese, fish & chips and a side of fried zucchini. And I would eat it all with two beers, the Beam Me Up Scottish and the Imperial Cream and (okay three beers) the chocolate porter. Oh then I would get the bread pudding ala mode.Frankly, if you go on a Sunday and you see all the baptists coming out in their Sunday best, you know you have found the BEST spot in Albuquerque for Southern food. It is amazing.Additionally, the service is excellent. I really enjoy all the waitstaff and have come to know several of them and it's always nice to go where people know you and appreciate you. There are a lot of patrons that I see there consistently and that is also a very good sign to me.However, if you are looking to house a lot of people, with big groups, Nexus may not be able to accommodate you. They are a local small location and are very busy, so there's not much options, even if they would like to accommodate you. It's just the truth.
<review# 419,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2013,9/24/2013,145,67,,6,2>The Ernie Pyle Library has a lot of history to offer regarding Ernie Pyle.  My daughter wants to become a journalist, so it is intriguing to her to visit this house.  Since the Ernie Pyle location is part of the Albuquerque Bernalillo County (ABC) Library system, any book in all of the branches can be requested to be sent to this particular location.  There are two public computers that may be used here, and all you need is a library card to use one of the two computers.  The workers are nice and useful too, and the few times that I had questions, the staff members on duty were able meet or go beyond my call for help.  Then, there are outside areas to read, so I like that although the space may be limited indoors, the outdoor space is just as pleasant.  This humble (yet full of Ernie Pyle history) library is just the right size for the residential neighborhood.  I really am a fan of this library.
<review# 420,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2013,9/23/2013,42,124,5,4,3>So I might give it 4 b/c the burger costs close to $10.....but wait, the beer is under $4, so that's (adds the 4, carries the 1, subtracts, wait, where was I?) less than $15 for a burger, fries, AND a darn good beer, I can't really think of anywhere else you'll find that, especially at this level of quality.   Our server recommended  regular fries, so we had one of each (one reg, one cajun), def go with the regular fries, the cajun fries had about 50% too much cajun seasoning on them.....but guess what, you get unlimited sauces with the fries, friggin awesome! bbq ketchup was the general fave, but they have abou 6 diff ketchup combos, and they'll let you try them all....that has to be worth another buck right there, so the whole burger/fry/beer combo is becoming cheaper and cheaper, right?   service was excellent, manager was very friendly, and everything came out as prompt as good food can.   As another proud male stated, I'm also in love with pierre, and not afraid to admit it, though I think he looks better with his top on, than topless. he tastes pretty good too~  (too risque for yelp? ;)
<review# 421,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2013,9/22/2013,62,114,,3,3>I was really looking forward to this event from the moment I read that it was a formal attire kind of place ( I don't get to dress up very often). I am very glad that my husband and I were able to make the guest list because it really was a night to remember. I will be talking about the experience for months. Howie really hooked us up on this one :) the ambiance was relaxing and romantic and I really liked their vintage glam decor. I was not expecting so much delicious food and drinks, I was just glad I skipped lunch so I could taste everything. I was even able to take the remainder of my dessert home, black forest cake. I really enjoyed the conversation at our table and the staff was great. Michael and I couldn't have asked for a better way to spend the evening away from the children. I also thought the flower I received at the end of the night as I was walking out was a sweet touch to end the evening. Thanks again to Howie and everybody who was involved in making it possible.
<review# 422,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2013,9/21/2013,23,106,,3,2>DELICIOUS!!  The whole family came out for this dinner.  There were 8 of us- and everything came out just as we ordered it.  The food was hot and fresh, and not one person was disappointed.  I highly recommend the Caprese salad because the dressing was so yummy.  We tried all the different kinds of dishes off the menu; pastas, pizzas, and salads.  Don't miss out on this place!
<review# 423,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/4/2013,9/20/2013,34,55,2,4,2>If you're expecting to get in and out on your lunch break, forget about it. However, the copay here with my insurance is only $30, the staff is friendly, the docs are knowledgeable. But you should probably bring a book. Also while they are under Presbyterian, it seems they accept a myriad of insurances.
<review# 424,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2013,9/19/2013,179,284,3,9,4>So many choices of teas that smell delightful.  I had been meaning to come into the New Mexico Tea Company for awhile, but I always drove by it, on my way somewhere else.  Then today, I stopped in across the street to eat and decided... Today is the day!  So, I was very happy when I walked in and saw all the wonderful teas.  They have these cool little tins above all the bigger tea tins and so you can smell the teas and see what smells just right.  I chose two teas.  An herbal tummy tea and another herbal sleepy time tea.  I haven't tried them yet, but they smell divine.  I will be trying the sleepy time tea tonight.I also like that they have some pretty nifty tea accoutrements.  I don't normally go the way of loose tea, and for that reason I don't really have any loose tea steeping equipment.  But, never fear, I got a cool filter that turns any cup into a steeping cup.  It's pretty wicked cool.  So, tonight, when I tuck into bed, I will be sipping on my NM Tea Company tea and quickly drifting off to dreamland. zzzzzzz
<review# 425,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/2/2013,9/18/2013,17,126,2,2,2>I came here during their one year anniversary, customer appreciation day, and met the owner, Stella. She is such a lovely person to get to know, and all her customers who came in loved chatting up a storm with her. She can also make an awesome smoothie.The atmosphere was nice and calming: green colored walls, and posters of previous and current customers who have had many of her amazing smoothies. Try a shot of aloe as well, it's so tasty.Another thing that I loved about her shop is her amazing bathroom. Yep, you heard it, bathroom. It was very nicely decorated and had a touch of class, I almost wanted to ask her to put a sofa in there so I could just hang out with a magazine and take a nap after stepping off of her talking scale.Drop by and try two or three of her amazing smoothies, prices range from $6 and up, depending on any additional herbal enhancers to clear your mind, body and belly. =)
<review# 426,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2013,9/17/2013,88,190,2,8,5>So far our favorite Chinese in ABQ. We're really picky when it comes to Chinese. We're constantly comparing everything to Chinese places we've eaten in California, New York & Boston. & those 3 states do Chinese the best than any other place. We ordered beef fried rice, beef chow fun, salt & pepper shrimp, filet in black bean sauce & sesame chicken. Everything was delicious. Nothing too greasy unlike most Chinese restaurants. The ladies who work there were awesome & very helpful when we had questions about the menu. Food didn't take long to cook & the whole restaurant was pretty clean. & free almond cookies in the end. Can't wait to come back & try the other stuff in the menu.
<review# 427,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2013,9/16/2013,31,77,5,9,6>Seems like people are one extreme or the other on this place. For me, I'm not sure what I would have changed to make it better. A friend and I sat at the bar. Service from the busy bartender was great. She had help, too. Others were always around to keep our waters filled and our plates cleared.I ordered the grilled Caesar salad ($9 is a bit steep) and a pasta dish that had fresh mushrooms, capers, and other vegetarian ingredients. It was super delicious. Like amazingly so. There was this pasta broth that I wanted to drink up with a straw.My friend ordered spaghetti and meatballs. It looked pretty good and she enjoyed it. I think the pasta was angel hair or similar as it was much thinner than spaghetti. The meatballs are made with veal and sausage.Nearby I saw the chicken dish with shaved lemons. That's what I'm getting next time! It looked superb. It was roasted bone-in chicken on top of something with sauce and a side of pasta.Happy hour (daily until 6PM) is $1 off all drinks. My La Cumbre Amber draft (yay local!) was $5.As others mentioned, it was pandemonium up in here! It was about 6PM on a Saturday and they had a long wait for a table. The staff was plentiful and got stuff done.I'll be back! It's dangerous that this place is so close to my house...
<review# 428,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2013,9/15/2013,18,48,,6,2>SO as usual, I leave defined and need to get some food down ASAP.  Being in the Juan Tabo/Montgomery are I decided to hit this place up.  I've had greek in a lot of places but not yet in Albuquerque.The service was nothing short of excellent, I walked in around lunch and let the cashier know it was my first time.  She too the opportunity to explain that everything was made fresh with family recipes and homemade.  I opted to try out the regular Gyro.  I figured if the Gyro was bad, then that would chalk this up as a loss overall.  So I ordered and sat on the patio to enjoy some of this ABQ weather and Sandia scenery.  The Gyro came out as fast as my drink!  Definitely not on the slow side.The Gyro was awesome.  The meat was perfectly season and PACKED into the pita.  It was at least twice the amount of gyro meat I've been served in other cities.  The veggies were well prepared and very fresh.  There was hot sauce included on the table and I assume it was homemade, since it was in its own bottle.  Would love to say I savored every bite, but in reality I inhaled this thing in about 4 minutes.In continuing their great service they asked if I wanted a drink refill in a to-go cup to take with me.  Never had that asked before!
<review# 429,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2013,9/14/2013,157,655,2,10,9>I've needed to update my La Cumbre review for quite some time and had just the impetus I needed in an offensive, despicable attack by another Yelper that brings a bad name to all of us.First off, Albuquerque is a great city. I'll take it over Phoenix anyday. Second, this is THE BEST brewery in the city and that's saying something, as Marble Brewery and Il Vicino are both outstanding, and Nexus is damn good too. A rundown of some of my favorite beers:Elevated IPA- Not only is this beer's ratings among the top 250 in the world, but it's highly sought around the US. People contact me from all over looking to get their hands on it. It's that good. What you get is an immensely hopped up beer, that is magnificently balanced so you don't have a bitterfest in your mouth. The hops impart all of the piney, citrusy notes you'd expect from a West Coast IPA, while the malts come in and smooth the beer out, give it a nice mouthfeel, and make it very easy-drinking. A super beer that us New Mexicans have the privilege of calling our own. Witch's Tit- An excellent fall offering, this is a pumpkin beer done right. This beer had me filling growler after growler. Simcoe's Daughter- This beer was to me taking the Elevated and improving on it---if that's even impossible. The list goes on and on, with beer after beer being downright delicious, from the Anniversary Stout to the smoked porter, the baltic porter, Gracias Por Fumar, the Acclimated... La Cumbre continues to offer delicious offering after delicious offering. And beyond that, let's tip our hats to Jeff and the other brewers for their continued respect of the German forefathers that have paved the way for the artfully made beer we get to enjoy. Beers like Miles from Cologne, Who Gose there, and Where in the Helles are not only nods to classic and/or centuries-old styles, but there damn tasty too. I'm thankful for this brewery. I enjoy the staff and appreciate their love of the beer. I will acknowledge that I've heard of issues with them before but every place has room for improvement. Also, I love dogs, Albuquerque loves dogs and we're grateful that we live in a city where they're welcome. Finally, a big thanks to Jeff for not taking attacks on our people and city sitting down.Oh, and I'm looking forward to the expansion, to new parking and more seating, and to seeing more beers in cans. My vote is that you make the Simcoe's Daughter a year-round offering and start canning or bottling the most popular seasonals: Witch's Tit, Autumn Breeze, Noche de Paz.
<review# 430,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2013,9/13/2013,65,34,7,14,7>THANK HASHEM FOR NOSH.Seriously. The fact that we now have a Jewish deli is making Albuquerque the most perfect city in the world. Or, at least a hell of a lot more liveable than it was a week ago. And I already love it here!Now, to be fair, I've only been to Nosh twice, and haven't eaten my way through the menu. And, they are brand new, and we all know that there are always a billion kinks to work out in the first few weeks of a new restaurant. So, this five star review is mostly for the fact that Elisa had the chutzpah to do what this city has needed done for a long time: bring Bubbe's food out of the shtetl, and into Nob Hill. Personally, I am her biggest fan for that.BUT, let's talk about what is really important here: THE FOOD. The first time I ate here was on their opening day (right at 8am, I might add), and I had matzo brei with sour cream and jam, a bialy (or six), and took home some babka. Everything was awesome, as it should be. The matzo brei was that perfect balance between being just a little squishy and having plenty of delicious crispy pieces. It could use a little more seasoning (onions maybe? more salt maybe?), but whatever, I can forgive that most minor misstep. The bialys are great, with enough onion to carry over into each bite, and a more toothsome texture than I was anticipating. Seriously yum. And the babka! OH, the babka. I only had one slice, but I guarantee that I'll be ordering loaves on the regular. My second trip to Nosh was today, in a rush between errands and meetings. I stopped in to grab a dozen rugelach (OMFG SO GOOD, not even a question, order these) and a bowl of matzo ball soup. The matzo ball was more dense than I like mine to be--I like them a little more squishy, so that they are able to soak up all of the delicious schmaltz that it's floating around in. The broth is great, though, definitely reminiscent of what Bubbe would give you on a cold winter afternoon. Nevermind that it's 92 degrees in 'Burque today, soup is ALWAYS on the menu as far as I'm concerned.REGARDLESS, I cannot get over the fact that our little desert town has someplace else for Jews to congregate beyond schul. And the fact that Elisa told me she refuses to put green chile on the menu. And the fact that they carry ALL of the Dr. Brown's that I love (CEL-RAY FOREVER). And and and. Basically, Nosh is worth kvelling about.
<review# 431,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2013,9/12/2013,11,67,3,6,3>After a year of running by this place and saying to myself, "I need to go back there when I am not wearing these stupid shorts," I finally went into Downtown Books. This is one of the best used bookstores I have been to in Albuquerque. There are many solid history titles, a decent art history section, and an interesting fiction section. The store is small, but the stock is well chosen, so you do not have to wade through the compulsory throw away titles by Ann Coulter and Bill O'Riley. A great place to pick up what you were looking for, but also that unexpected gem too.
<review# 432,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2013,9/11/2013,3,76,,5,3>Excellent food and very friendly staff. The pizza's are made in a wood fired oven and are very tasty. One is large enough for two people. They also have good salads and delicious teas. The WiFi worked really well too and was easy to connect to and fast. You will definitely enjoy eating at this place. The decor was very bland, but maybe that's because they are pretty new. Hopefully that will improve.
<review# 433,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2013,9/10/2013,123,1032,5,7,3>Once again, Albuquerque shows me a little, inconspicuous eatery that would be at home in more culinary-favored cities such as San Francisco or New York. JJ101 seems to take a cue from Berkeley's Alice Waters, with a seasonal menu that is constantly under change, and a variety of menu items that will tantalize you and maybe even surprise you. The layout is very open, with not a door between the front and back of the building. For a "chef's table" type experience, try to be seated in the back against the wall. You'll feel like you're in the kitchen.I had the chickpea fries to start, and then the wagyu flank steak, both of which were amazing. The fries were something I've never encountered before, and were served with a garlic aioli and a curry ketchup.The wagyu was cooked perfectly, and when paired with a Syrah, pretty close to divine on the palate. On that note, their wine list is pretty nice. They offer full and half bottles, with a few beers, too.I'm not usually a dessert person, but they had basil ice cream with dark chocolate, so I was tempted. It was delicious, and only enhanced by the porto they had. All in all, this is a very good restaurant, but be prepared to pay for the good food you're going to consume. Quality of this sort don't come cheap.
<review# 434,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2013,9/9/2013,47,133,4,12,9>I am a spa junkie. I love going to spend a couple hours away from the stress of everyday life. It's become something I enjoy doing as often as I can possibly afford. I've heard about Albuquerque Baths from friends and coworkers. They all rave about their experiences here, but it hasn't been on my list of places to try. My boyfriend and I decided that we needed to have a little "us" time. We made two appointments for deep tissue massages and were told to come in as early as we want because with the purchase of a massage you have access to the baths and sauna. We showed up, got some robes, towels, and sandals and headed out to start our relaxation process. The tub is super warm and lovely, but my favorite part is the patio where it's located. The whole decor and architecture of this place is beautiful and relaxing. They have chairs, lounge chairs, and tables to sit at while you enjoy the beautiful patio before/after your treatment. We enjoyed the tub and then sat in some rocking chairs to soak up some sun on a beautiful day. It was fabulous. I also found out that they have a woman's day on Wednesday's between 10-3 women can enjoy some "men free time" in the baths and go tubbin' naked! Doesn't get much better than some lady time with your friends.I got a deep tissue massage with David. For those of you who have always opted for a regular relaxing massage I urge you to try a deep tissue.My body tensed like a freshly salted slug as David rubbed his fingers along my neck and back(my problem areas) like a microwave trying to pop every kernel. He didn't skimp on my non-problem areas like I've experienced in other massages. He spent time went slow fought out all of my knots. I felt great after my massage and will definitely be a repeat offender of Davids.Some tips to enjoy your experience better:1. Show up a little early and make use of their tub. 2. If you need the bathroom do it before your treatment. No one likes having to clench or thinking about holding it during their treatment. It will ruin the experience for you.3. If it's your first time at a spa or a massage bring a friend! It'll help ease the awkwardness if you know your friend is going through the same thing.4. Dress down to WHATEVER feels comfortable. If it's your first time and you don't feel comfortable being in the nude then don't. However, know that some clothes will get in the way of your treatment and they'll have to push em out of the way anyways. Also, your therapist will not look at your privates or make a move on you. They are about to get more personal than most of your friends, family, or lovers have ever been. At least you can leave and never see them again since they'll probably know about every scar, roll, or stretch mark you have. It's okay though.5. Drink lots of water after! This'll help flush all of the toxins that have been released from your massage.6. Have fun! This is you time. Enjoy the quiet, turn off your phone, and have a nice time!
<review# 435,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2013,9/8/2013,111,33,,8,5>Passion. If Yelp limited the reviews to one word 'passion' would be the one for this review. The owners of Rub 'N Wood have a calling for smoking and barbecuing meat. They love it. Sausage, ribs, chicken, and turkey. I can't wait to try it all. The ribs and hospitality are the focus of my five star review. I can't speak for the other meats. Although, the young lady at the counter said that she loved the sausage and she doesn't even like sausage. Damn, guess what I'm ordering next time! Anyway, the the half slab of ribs with no sides fed my daughter and I. BTW, my daughter told me she wasn't hungry and adamantly opposed barbecue because she wanted Ichiban ( I think I even saw a tear percolate). So I'm speechless eating every piece of pork off the ribs when I see the 'I want some' look on her face that any daddy would know...she loved them, even asked for more sauce. I love Rub N' Wood. I can't wait to go back. I am proud to have them in Rio Rancho. Update to come after I try the chicken and sausage. -Update- September 2, 2013This is an update to my previous review. As mentioned my daughter and I only had the ribs. This time around we loaded up on the chicken, ribs, potato salad, and baked beans...it was all delicious. The chicken practically fell off the bone and the ribs were as juicy as ever. If you are a baked beans fan you will not be disappointed in the unique flavor. I totally understand why these guys win awards at the annual Rio Rancho Pork and Brew. The owners also travel around the Country entering other barbecue competitions.
<review# 436,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2013,9/7/2013,102,60,3,10,7>This is exactly what we need more of in ABQ! Right out of the gate Hartford Square is bringing us the good stuff. The space has a great feel, the crew is helpful and gracious, and the cuisine offers something for everyone at a reasonable price.The menu here changes week to week so there will be something curious and new regularly. There were smiles and nods of approval from my fairly discriminating group of friends trying this venue for the first time. I asked them to add a piece of Bosque Baking Company toast to my delicious Lemon Spring Chicken Soup & they were quick to accommodate me. Loved the Banana Bread. Definitely some health inspired choices here if that's important to you.It's obvious these people enjoy bringing together memorable food in a nice casual environment. Sitting outside on the patio was perfect with the soothing water feature in the background. I don't like to give up the coveted 5 stars that easy but I think Hartford Square deserves it. See ya there!
<review# 437,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2013,9/6/2013,56,108,2,7,4>Ok. So, I have to chuckle. I've experienced the Sushi King over in Rio Rancho and have ultimately written them off due to their lack of quality. With that being said ....I was running errands and came across this particular Sushi King and decided to give it a shot. WELL, I can definitely say that my family and I will drive to *this* location because the service I received was amazing. Right when I walked through the door, the hostess made me feel extremely welcomed, offered up suggestions for rolls and took the time to chit chat. When the rolls arrived, she would check on me every five minutes or so to see if I needed anything else.T'was time for me to roll on out of there due to my gluttony overload..I actually asked the hostess if the location in Rio Rancho was affiliated with them..as a matter of fact, they are. All three locations are owned by the same person. I explained my experience from them and she's heard lots of complaints (almost per vadum) regarding the sushi quality. *THIS* location is excellent because the rolls actually stay tightly rolled, the staff are very nice and the quality of the sushi was beyond excellent!
<review# 438,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2013,9/5/2013,21,18,2,6,1>Fresh, local, organic, delicious.What's so hard about salads?  Vegetables, dressing, extras...but really most places do not get it right.  I've been to countless restaurants where the greens are wilted, the veggies are too large or the dressing is overpowering the goodness.Vinaigrette has done a superb job of chopping the fresh local veggies to the right size, mixing in the right amount of protein, and just the right coating of dressing to make each bite perfect. I ordered the Cobb salad.  Tomato, avocado, hard boiled egg, bacon, roast chicken and blue cheese chopped and tossed with fresh romaine and classic cobb vinaigrette. It was delightful. If anything I would have to say the cost of the beverages are a little high but other than that this place will have me coming back as I plan to work my way through the entire menu.
<review# 439,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2013,9/4/2013,92,147,4,12,6>I swung by downtown's newest restaurant location to see what they had and what it's deal was. What I found is a place that gives me hope again for eating late in downtown. I used to be a fan of Lindy's late at night, but too many misses have made me stop going. NYPD is what it is, but sometimes you don't want pizza. Enter Adieux.They've done a good job making this place seem modern yet not pretentious. The menu is still evolving (they only had the "late night" menu when I went) but shows promise. Elliot (one of the owners) is quick to explain the path they're on and is quite friendly. They don't have a liquor license yet, but one is on the way.I tried their veggie wrap and it did not disappoint. The veggies were fresh and distributed well in a tasty tortilla. With a bag of chips it may not have been a $10 meal, but beats the pants off a hot dog or whatever else your options are downtown.As this place gets it's "standard" lunch/dinner menu in place it'll be a great place for downtown. For now, it's a welcome addition to ABQ's late-night scene.
<review# 440,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2013,9/3/2013,41,129,1,4,3>Sorry Howie, I have to agree with Kendall!  As a new burqueño, this arrow helps me find my way home!  It's also great landmark for when I give directions.  It's weird and out of place, but doesn't that make it so appropriate for ABQ?
<review# 441,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/19/2013,9/2/2013,2,67,,3,3>Reading other reviews from fellow yelpers I asked for the secret menu. I had difficulty deciding what to order because there were so many interesting options so I asked my server for her advice and she guided me to the Three Cup Chicken. The dish was a promised, a large portion of chicken (all dark meat) with a very tasty sauce and a side of white rice. Although I enjoyed the dish I really needed something else to go along with it but since I was eating alone it did not make sense to order another entree. Next time I will go with others so we can eat family style. I have no doubt that I will post another review and likely bring them up a star.
<review# 442,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2013,9/1/2013,89,325,3,10,4>I literally stumbled into this place. I went around the block a few times looking for the Daily Grind. I had never been to the Daily Grind and  I couldn't find it, but I did see a place where it was supposed to be advertising coffee in the window. I assumed it was The Daily Grind. So I parked near Artichoke Cafe and went inside this place. It looks a lot like a house, really. And when you walk in, you'll have some deja vu of your mama's kitchen. It's quaint, and cute, with the food being made right behind the counter that you order from. There are a handful of tables inside, and a few outside. The girl that brought out my meal even had an apron on. The service was friendly. I ordered the bowl of mushroom soup and a side salad. The side salad has walnuts, cranberries, and an awesome raspberry vinaigrette on it. And the mushroom soup....don't get me started. Although it was a tad salty, it was DELISH. It was creamy and full of pureed mushrooms. I also got an iced coffee that really hit the spot. After I ordered and put my number on my table, I went back outside to look for markers to tell me that this place was the Daily Grind. I eventually figured out that it is now "A+B's Lunchbox" when the lady who took my order brought me a card and told me that they had bought this place from the Daily Grind a few weeks ago and that they were brand new. Sweet! I'm glad I stopped in because I wouldn't have known about this new little gem downtown otherwise. The menu consists of some breakfast foods, lots of coffee, sandwiches, salads, soups, and some tasty looking baked goods/desserts. So stop in and show 'em some love!
<review# 443,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2013,8/31/2013,69,414,,3,4>I have always been a fan of Hilton branded hotels but this one was a shocker for being in Albuquerque. This location had a remodeled lobby which was modern and also smelt clean. They have a small restaurant and bar in this location as well. The rooms were a bit dated compared to most other Hilton's and needed a refresh but the room was clean, bed was comfortable, staff was beyond friendly and the nightly rates were cheap. The only con about this HGI was they didn't offer free breakfast.
<review# 444,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2013,8/30/2013,33,177,1,6,5>At the risk of sounding like a pretentious snob, I listen to some seriously odd music and I have grown accustomed over the years to being completely unable to find any of it in a real brick-and-mortar store. I'd love to tell you that I've finally found my Mecca with Charley's, that it has everything I could imagine, that I come away with fistfuls of weirdo CDs. But I don't. Every now and then, however, I do find something to enjoy that suits my more mainstream tastes. And that is actually enough for me to endorse a place. For others, Charley's should prove to be dangerously well-equipped to scratch albums off of the old wishlist.Charley's knows on which side their bread is buttered and so most of their offerings are comprised of the more popular albums from this and yester- year. That's to be expected, and that'll suit most people just fine. For the more adventurous, their offerings in jazz, blues, and metal are above average, and worth a stop-in for those connoisseurs. To further distinguish themselves further from the painfully vanilla fare offered at places like Target or Walmart, Charley's also boasts an impressive selection of local music, vintage vinyl, limited edition editions, and band merch. Prices on all this stuff is competitive and it's a lot of fun to browse. To boot, the staff has always been warm, friendly, and disappointingly non-judgmental, if you're concerned about some sketch-comedy style record store clerks inhabiting the place.Record stores are in a perilous position in these digital days of manufactured music, and alliteration aside, they deserve our support. Next time before you 'add to cart' or torrent that new album, maybe swing by Charley's and see if they have a copy for you. Perhaps they'll expand your horizons a bit in the process, too.
<review# 445,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2013,8/29/2013,36,106,3,8,5>This place is open for breakfast and lunch. For breakfast you can have their baked goods (which I highly recommend!) like brioche bread, danishes, croissants, many variations of almond tarts, etc. Add to that a cafe latte and you'll feel like having breakfast in Paris. They also serve some omelets and things of the sort, that I haven't tried yet.For lunch, they have some good items like the paninis with a side of French fries (their French fries are the BEST!). They also serve salads and soups. Be aware thought, that this is not the traditional French restaurant where you go to over indulge in butter, oil and salt. They seem to be on the healthier side, which I don't particularly love, because I always end up adding more salt and oil to my lunch.
<review# 446,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2013,8/28/2013,144,168,3,6,4>Aka CecIlia's, The Original La Mesa Kitchen, which was a tiny little place a few blocks west of here about 13 years ago. It sounds like it was legendary, and people were sad to see it closing its original location. But sometimes things have to change. I'm guessing the food hasn't changed much since then. What they do make is pretty good. I have to admit, I wish they had more veggies, but they don't. I won't fault them for this. It's just the basics: red and green chile, shredded lettuce, chopped tomatoes and onion. They keep the meals really simple and straight forward. They are a traditional diner, and emphasize New Mexican cuisine with a bit of American diner-style food. They make their own green and red chile. It seems like in New Mexico, if a New Mexican restaurant doesn't make their own, then one would want to question why.They have photos of vintage Ford Mustangs on the walls and have a bit of a diner atmosphere. The location is great if you have to bring your car into Ford for a lengthy repair, but don't let that be your only excuse for coming here. The food is worth the visit. There aren't many restaurants around this area within walking distance. It's mainly car dealerships.In case you're wondering, this diner isn't affiliated with Cecilia's Cafe.
<review# 447,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2013,8/27/2013,50,115,2,8,5>Pro's is more than a grocery store: it's an experience. When you walk in, you are greeted by mariachi music and a large cafeteria with shiny streamers spinning from the ceiling fans. Heck, you don't even have to go inside to see how awesome this place is - if you go at the right time, you can see the employees roasting green chile in the parking lot.Pros of Pro's:- Fresh smoothies, horchata, and fun snacks in the cafeteria- Affordable produce- Hot, roasted green chile by the bag (the chile cart recently moved to near the produce section)- Great prices abound - I just saw a fantastic porcelain dinner set while I was there the other dayThe reason I withheld a star is because I've bought meat here before and won't be going back for more. It had a somewhat off-smelling odor even though I cooked it the same day, and it generally tasted tough and low quality. At least, like the rest of the stuff here, it was really cheap!
<review# 448,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2013,8/26/2013,65,45,2,4,6>Not only my first yelp event in Albuquerque, but my first Yelp event flying solo, and it went off without a hitch!   Howie's ice breaker is no small part of that-- what a great way to make a connection with new people!The food was great.  The tomato-watermelon-balsamic-jalapeno salad was my favorite, although the peanut butter pork sliders came in a very close second. It was great talking with Paco & seeing the smoker responsible for the food, the patio was a cool spot to hang out on a hot evening, and everyone I spoke with was warm and welcoming. Thanks to Howie and the whole team at Paco's for the event. I'll definitely be back to eat more pitt pork sandwiches, and try a few other nibbles!
<review# 449,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2013,8/25/2013,143,54,2,5,4>Located in one of my favorite hidden treasure towns of New Mexico, this place is a gem.  It fits in Corrales perfectly.  Helpful and friendly staff are knowledgeable and make you feel at home.  This store has so many things under one roof.  Pet food ranges from horse, dog, cat and more.  There are chicks, pens and watering tanks.  Inside you'll find a clean store with plumbing supply, screws, blades, hitches, keys made, garden tools, horseshoes, seed, feed, mason jars, speckled enamel ware, cast iron and other kitchen tools.  The back bulletin board lists local services, where to find eggs and lost pets.  Outdoors you'll find a greenhouse with trees, flower and other assorted greenery.  Pick up some local honey here if you've missed the farmers market.In short, it's a fun stop if you're just visiting, you need something you'd find in a hardware store or just took the pet out for the day and need food.
<review# 450,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2013,8/24/2013,151,116,,4,2>We wanted to give this place a fair trial so we ordered three dishes:  a rice, a noodle, and a soup.  The roti chicken rice dish, which was listed on the menu as of French origin, was tender and fragrant and came accompanied with a side bowl of salad.  The vermicilli bowl I ordered had a splendid array of grilled meats, shrimp, and the usual bean sprouts and herb mix-ins.  Accompanying nuoc cham came in a cruet for you to pour as much or as little as you'd like.  The Hu Tie Sate soup was spicy and flavorful, although a little too thick or cornstarchy for my tastes.  Overall, the food is solid and prices are very fair.  The only thing that would hold me back from returning is, sadly, the ambience.  There are no windows and the decor is lacking so with the plethora of amazing Vietnamese restaurants in the area with equally good food, I might not be a frequent visitor of this establishment.  I would recommend take-out, however.
<review# 451,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2013,8/23/2013,58,80,1,5,4>Some of the best food in town!  The staff is lovely and well trained. The menu is updated seasonally with some of their staples remaining. The steamed artichoke melts in your mouth, the wines list offers a wide selection of choices and they have some of the best classic cocktails in town.
<review# 452,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2013,8/22/2013,65,120,5,6,5>You know it's good when your entire head is covered in sweat and your nose won't stop running.  It was Christmas today at Loyola's.  The red was ah'right but the green really was packing tons of heat and flavor.If you are need of a chile fix - today is a good day to head to Loyola's.  Forget the Red.  It's all about the Green there today.Loyola's is still the best place for breakfast in Albuquerque even though the coffee tastes like dish water.
<review# 453,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2013,8/21/2013,21,236,,2,2>This lounge lost one star because there is no shade available on the roof top. The staff told us it was against code to have umbrellas up there, but I'm wondering if they can plant some trees or bamboo in planters without obstructing the view. The drinks are a bit expensive, but they do have $5 apps for happy hour and you get a good buzz off your drinks, so the money you pay is worth it. The drinks and apps were tasty. We loved it here so much that my husband got us a room reservation for our birthdays in October. We did find out, after much digging, that the staff is not allowed to talk about the "haunting" of this hotel. We asked several questions regarding the hauntings here and we always got a vague funny answer. To be continued...I will verify the haunting after we spend the night there this October.
<review# 454,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2013,8/20/2013,18,8,,3,1>Great food! We eat here often and haven't had a bad meal yet. Everything that we have tried on the menu is great. The staff is also really great and the owner often comes out to check on each table. I hope this business continues to flourish because Los Lunas needs a place that has great food AND great service. Also their patio is really a beautiful place to have breakfast or dinner. Wish they served margaritas!
<review# 455,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2013,8/19/2013,15,139,4,4,2>Winning is the kind of place that probably doesn't serve many Republicans - i.e., it has a crunchy granola, hippy, alternative college student vibe. They don't run the AC but the breeze is pleasant. Surprisingly, perhaps, Winnings' bathrooms are well stocked, large, and clean. The wifi is free but slow, and most of their big, sturdy tables have good outlet access. This is a big deal for a coffee shop scholar like me. The coffee tastes legit but I'm not a connoisseur, and others tell me that the food is basic but good. The location is prime: lots of foot traffic = good people watching. The biggest drawback for me is that they close early: 5p on Saturday, for example.
<review# 456,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2013,8/18/2013,33,3,2,4,1>There are only 3 piercers in this state I would let come near me with a needle and Noah at Evolution is one of them. He's fantastic, professional and an all around really nice guy. I had a freak accident and one of my nipple piercings got ripped 90% out, I called them right away because I was having a major freak out and in panic (can you blame me?!?) and just on the phone they got me calm and spoke to me in a manner to not make me freak out any more than I already was. I was given instructions on what to do at the moment then come to the shop ASAP so they could have a look at it. Noah said it was pretty bad but wouldn't require plastic surgery to fix. He cleaned and bandaged it up for me and sent me home with some sea salt and the usual care instructions. I wasn't even charged but I was so grateful I left him a big tip! At Evolution they actually care about what they are doing and want to do the best job possible. I wouldn't go anywhere else for my piercings.
<review# 457,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2013,8/17/2013,60,293,,6,3>This is a really fun and unique museum.  Albuquerque and New Mexico in general has a long and illustrious history with nuclear energy and nuclear weapons.  If you lve here, you know this by the close proximity of Sandia National Labs, Los Alamos National Labs, and Kirtland AFB which is home to the Air Force Nuclear Weapons Center and other fun things.  Further south, we have White Sands Missile Range, which is home to the Trinity Test Site, the site of the first atomic bomb explosion.Okay, enough geography/history.  The museum itself is very impressive.  It seems much bigger on the inside than it appears.  There are tons of very informative exhibits, and even more artifacts.  Original aircraft and missiles, along with various cultural memorabilia of the Cold War all share space with educational exhibits on radiation.  You can easily spend an entire day in here, if not longer.  Having been to various Smithsonians in DC, I can tell you that this museum is very impressive.Not only that, but they hold a variety of special events.  Most recently, it was a movie under the planes, a great time of people 'tailgating' and watching a good movie, along with food trucks and a general good time.Don't let this place wait for the next time you have visitors to the 505.  Go check it out for yourself and learn a little something about the unique history of NM.
<review# 458,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2013,8/16/2013,50,84,3,9,3>Simply writing this review has already made me decide that Basil Leaf is where I'm going for dinner tonight.The pho is delicious. The clay pots are delicious. The prices are incredibly reasonable. You can get a durian shake. I'm ready to go, anytime.
<review# 459,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2013,8/15/2013,7,13,1,3,2>Definitely my favorite bar in the UNM/Nob Hill area. It's a good drinker's bar... the service is hit or miss (Nick, behind the bar, is the man tho), and you won't be bothered too much if you're their just there to sit at the bar, have a slice and a few drinks.It's also quickly becoming Albuquerque's biggest soccer bar, too, so if there is a big match on, you're bound to run into a few like-minded people watching the game. Which I think is awesome.
<review# 460,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2013,8/14/2013,67,177,3,7,3>Loved the original and love alto even more.... Closer to my house and a much bigger space with a cute patio, too. The bar area and dining room have an urban yet warm feeling.  There is a wine cellar in the back to view as well.We felt the pizzas were  just as great as the original on central. We had the fungi and bianco (spellings?) and they were great. Was happy to see the space so busy on a thursday night. It was my birthday and they comp'd me dessert....which if you read my original farina review... Is the best dessert in The world.....the butterscotch budino.... That made my night since I wanted that anyway as my birthday dessert even if I had to pay for it.....   Most places give u some generic bday dessert which u don't ask for.l. I hate that cuz thenu can't order the dessert u want and u are stuck eating the free crummy one....   Anyway... Not here!I can't wait to keep coming back...just wish my waistline would cooperate more.
<review# 461,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2013,8/13/2013,47,245,,11,5>Any place that sells its red or green chile by the gallon has to be doing something right. I mean, if it were truly bad, who the hell would buy it? Well, Cocina Azul sells theirs by the gallon (along with their calabacitas, beans, green chile stew, red chile stew, and chile con queso), and now I know why. I could theoretically eat an entire gallon of their calabacitas in one sitting. Too, too good!We started with a couple Marble IPAs and an order of chips and salsa. The green salsa is most assuredly served in heaven, and the red was pretty good, too. I ordered the relleno plate Christmas style (my new litmus test for any New Mexican place I try) with rice and calabacitas, and my husband ordered the creamy chicken enchiladas with beans (served whole as God intended) and calabacitas. We were absolutely blown away by everything. My relleno was perfectly spicy, cheesy, and properly fried. The red and the green were both good (maybe the green has a slight edge over red), the calabacitas were unbelievably good, and I even enjoyed my rice! Each grain was perfectly cooked, not mushy, and flavorful. Any place that does rice right is truly a gem. The sopaipillas with honey were almost too much, but so good. They came out piping hot, and the honey just oozed in all the right places, melted by the heat. The prices may seem a tad high, but I am convinced that the food here is worth every penny. The atmosphere is nice and welcoming, and the service was quite good and attentive. It is now officially my new favorite spot for when I want a good dinner but don't want to go on 4 wheels. Living within walking distance could be dangerous but delicious.
<review# 462,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2013,8/12/2013,12,32,,4,3>Ok, i'll be honest, I am a bit of a coffee junkie. I won't drink the typical chain swill though. A family member introduced me to this java shop. The store is off of the beaten path but worth the hunt. Inside is small and friendly and the patio outside is cool and shaded. The staff always has greets you with a smile, and the coffee is amazing. I am a dark-roast guy and really prefer straight coffee over the lattes and cappuccinos although they serve it all. The owner imports raw beans and roasts it himself on the premises. I often buy a pound for two for the office or home. A couple days during the week they also have a rotation of foodtrucks that set up out front. If you are looking for a cool little place to enjoy great coffee and chat, look no further!
<review# 463,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2013,8/11/2013,7,25,2,5,6>So looking forward to going back here. The flavors of helado and paletas are authentic and inspiring. I love the use of local ingredients and flavor combinations, as well as native fruits. Must try the Lulo ice cream and the coconut frozen yogurt. The Prickly Pear sorbet was soooo refreshing and I loved the apricot-chimayo popsicle. I think the flavors rotate and change regularly, which is awesome. And the men who run the shop are soooo charming and friendly. This is a must visit shop in Albuquerque.
<review# 464,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2013,8/10/2013,0,2,,2,4>My new favorite restaurant in all of Albuquerque.  Good food, good people, good price.   I had the Spicy Beef and my wife had the Beef Doner Kebab.. I inhaled mine and then finished what was left of hers (she eats like a bird.)  They were fabulous. Now the truth of the matter is that for over a year now I've been teaching myself Turkish.  In Albuquerque one can't find a Turk on every street corner with whom to practice the language.  Mehmet,  the owner, welcomed us and put up with my feeble attempts  to make small talk, order and in general communicate in Turkish.  He was patient and helpful and left me with the encouragement I needed to keep learning.So, the bottom line this is a great restaurant with a friendly atmosphere and fabulous food.  We live in Santa Fe, but, it's worth the hour drive.  Oh, and the prices are quite reasonable.
<review# 465,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2013,8/9/2013,8,37,,6,4>Everything everyone has said about Tech505 is true.  I just picked up my laptop after I thought I had killed it.  I was ready to trade it in for a new one (it is pretty old).  I even looked at some new one's while the technician was looking at my computer.  Later that day I got a phone call from the tech and he said "your hard drive is in good shape all you have are some viruses we can take care of...,,if it was my computer I would fix it rather than replace it."  I took the tech's advice .  I got a call this morning to tell me it was ready and what the price was.  I chose this place based on a reviewer I trust (Howie K)  and I'm glad I did.  When I got home I noticed that they had added some new anti-viruses, upgraded my browser along with some other upgrades. If I told you what I paid for all of that you probably wouldn't believe me.  So the next time your PC breaks down go there!!!  PS...if you're looking to buy a new PC go there they have some great PC's (Lap Top, Desktops and accessories) that even the big box stores prices can't beat.  Thanks for the review  Howie!!!
<review# 466,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2013,8/8/2013,29,49,2,2,2>Seriously good service. Have two stores, so if you don't find it right away, they'll have one sent from other shop.Super helpful and informative. Measure you to a T to make sure your bike is the best fit.Last year they put some new life into my 25 yr. old Centurion Ironman. Thanks guys!Update:  went in to, finally, get a new bike.  Vince was great.  He measured me, asked me questions about my riding habits, and had me take a little ride on a suggested bike.  When I came back in, he suggested I come back the next day so I could try a few more.  That night he built 3 bikes for me to try out.Each was very good, but one stood out over the rest.  Bought it on the spot at a great price.Rode up to Sandia Peak Tram terminal and couldn't be happier.Check this place out ... no pressure, good advice, and friendly service.
<review# 467,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2013,8/7/2013,5,10,,3,1>My HVAC went out in the middle of July. I had no idea who to call. My neighbor recommended George Barreras, of Barreras Mechanical, as he fixed their system last summer. I called him at 7am, and he was able to come to my home the same day. He was very friendly, and assessed the HVAC to determine if just the condenser was out (a quick fix) or if the fan motor was blown. Clearly the motor was the issue. Despite the shortage of this motor in summertime, he found 1, which was not the same brand as the HVAC, but was compatible, and for less money! He returned the next morning, and within 45 minutes my home was nice and cool again! He charged me less than I was expecting, (and from my understanding, less than other companies would have charged.) I am relieved that I now have a reliable, trustworthy HVAC company!
<review# 468,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/2/2013,8/6/2013,56,63,,5,2>This park is tucked away off 4th near Alameda. It is connected to the rec. center. I was a little put off that there is a charge to attend spray park. However, the fee was only a few dollars (3) for my 1 and 3 year old and there are friendly lifeguards on duty.   There are two restrooms and two shower stalls. I'd suggest wearing your suit to the park. There isn't really a great place to change.  The building is older and looks a bit run down. You are able to bring in snacks and /or a cooler.  The spray park is on a small slab of concrete. There are 6 water features and about a dozen covered picnic tables around the perimeter.  I really enjoyed this enclosed park. It was small enough to watch my daughters splash and splash from my shaded seat. I like splash parks because they are more relaxing than taking little kids to the pool (less worry) and the kiddos have just as much fun. My family will definitely make this a regular activity. Behind the splash pad is a park with a full basketball park, baseball field and what looks like a petting zoo (?) that you can see from behind the fence. There are painted murals as well.
<review# 469,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2013,8/5/2013,78,113,2,8,6>After endless searching for a fresh flower lei in NM, I FiNALLY found the place! My daughter graduated this year and I was in DIRE need of a fresh flower lei. Yes, I could've ordered one from Hawaii directly, but due to the graduation being on a Monday night it did not work out with delivery. After asking around all over the city, a friend of mine told me about In Bloom. Their website does not advertise that they offer the lei's, its more by word of mouth. I went into the shop to discuss with the shop owner about what I wanted. Fresh flower lei's start at $35 and go up depending on what flowers you use. Since I definitely wanted orchids, the lei pictured was $45.00. But it was full, lush, and smelled amazing. The owner has lived in Hawaii and knows how to string fresh flower leis. My daughter LOVED it and was so proud to wear it at her Graduation! The only issue that I have is, I think she used too many daises in the lei. :/ Next time I will ask for little or NO daises because they were the first to wilt and die. But it was a hot day, and in ABQ keeping a fresh flower lei alive is no easy feat. If you'd like to give something special, different, exotic...In Bloom can do it for you!
<review# 470,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2013,8/4/2013,39,137,2,6,5>Being that I grew up just down the road in Corrales, I had always heard such great things about this restaurant, but hadn't tried it yet. I'm sure glad I did..what a great little Italian place!The first words that popped in my head when I walked through the doors is romantic and homey. The atmosphere is low-lit, cozy and comfortable. Seems like a great place for a romantic date night. Even the  (ladies) bathroom was decorated cute, and welcoming (as welcoming as a bathroom can be!). We started off with an appetizer that included stuffed eggplant, fried mushrooms and calamari. My favorite was the stuffed eggplant, which was lightly breaded and stuffed with ricotta cheese and prosciutto and covered with marinara. Very tasty!The main course was equally as yummy too. The Southwestern Shrimp Fettuccine was an Italian dish with a New Mexican twist with green chile, crushed red peppers and shrimp in a creamy parmigiano white sauce . This was my favorite thing by far! Anything with green chile is a fav of mine. If you haven't tried Joe's yet, I suggest you do. I'll be back soon!
<review# 471,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2013,8/3/2013,31,45,2,5,3>My favorite Chophouse in town, always delicious tender fresh quality steaks and if your wanting a beautiful appetizer you must try the Sauteed Jumbo Shrimp with flavored Chorizo OMG I could eat that all day as well as the the Lobster Mac N Cheese.......oooohhhh yay worth every calorie "YES" indeed.Service is always impeccable and every dollar spent is always well worth it!!Love the intimiate dining experience as well for couples and cocktails are always divine!Over the last 4 years this has been a Christmas tradition to bring all the family here! So if your looking for the highest quality Chophouse look no further, "Marcello's Chophouse is the only choice!
<review# 472,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2013,8/2/2013,1,3,1,4,4>These guys are honest and fair.  They were cheaper than their competition down the street and made some recommendations that ended up saving me money.   They advised for me to make an insurance claim because of my situation and my insurance paid for the repairs. I didn't even have these guys do it because my insurance company already had another mechanic shop they work with but still these guys looked out for my best interest and that's why I can trust them.  I'm definitely going here again because of their up front fair pricing and the fact that they earned my trust.  Great company!
<review# 473,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/26/2013,8/1/2013,57,110,2,8,6>So after all of the reviews we had read we decided to visit Tim's Place for breakfast . Tim is so chipper all the time even @ 7am. The menu looked amazing and the breakfast was awesome. The bacon was not burnt but crispy and my Belgium waffles had all of the fruit toppings that I could ask for. I did noticed that they have a blue corn pancake and I got a taste of that and it's amazing!Love the food and atmosphere! Glad that there's a pace like this in ABQ!
<review# 474,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2013,7/31/2013,28,96,2,6,3>This is the first time I've been to El Patron and I'd have to say I'm a fan! Not only did they accommodate our party of 10 on a short notice, the service was EXCEPTIONAL! We arrived at 6 (with a reservation made at 5pm that day) and were seated immediately.  Chips and salsa were brought out and drink orders were taken.  Chips were fresh and the salsa had a bite! Good thing I ordered the Cocorita to cool my taste buds down! I love that their house margarita is made with Patron Silver, I loathe Jose Cuervo.  The Cocorita was also made with Patron Silver and rimmed with honey and toasted coconut.  Once our food order was taken, we waited approximately 20 minutes for our food.  Excellent timing for a group as large as ours.  We all ordered several entrees off the menu, but I'd have to say the fajitas, chicken enchilada casserole and enchiladas got rave reviews.  I had the chicken and shrimp fajitas and they were perfectly seasoned and came out sizzling.  My husband had the fish tacos and said they were great.  The pico and the salsa have quite a bite, so beware!  Overall the service and food here was great.  Prices were reasonable too, making it one of our new go to New Mexican food restaurants.  Well done El Patron.
<review# 475,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2013,7/30/2013,52,169,5,6,4>This place is definitely a hole in the wall and they serve some great burritos and pan dulce.  I ordered a picadillo taco, carne adovada taco, and a donut, which came out to around $7.  I should've just ordered one burrito because they are HUGE and I couldn't finish the second one.Some things that could use improvement:-Very limited selection of lunch items-Ventilation... It was hotter than hell and the spicy food made it seem even worse-One of the employee's kids were acting like maniacs in the dining area, which was pretty annoying
<review# 476,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/31/2013,7/29/2013,25,33,5,11,6>This is a hard review to write. So many factors about this place sabotage a good concept.1) Food: 3.5 stars, more on this later.2) Atmosphere: 2 stars.3) Service: 3 stars.4) Albuquerque fudge factor: x 1.25 (applies to food in Asian restaurants in NM)Let's face it, this place wouldn't need to exist in major US metro areas, because of the overall great and authentic options for Southeast Asian, Chinese, Japanese or Korean food. We have mediocre examples of each in this town, except for Vietnamese food, which is pretty well represented in Albuquerque (e.g. Kim Long, Pho linh). There's also no real attempt at fusion here, which I generally don't appreciate (exception: Korean taco trucks).Asian food is about simplicity.  Take delicious fresh ingredients and make something wonderful.  I ate at restaurants in Indonesia that serve only satay.  I've eaten at places in Hong Kong that sell only amazing quality seafood, or only wide noodles, or only dumplings. Sushi is about clarity and perfection. You don't order bánh mì at a pho restaurant. Korean BBQ is a staged festival that's all about the side dishes; you specify the protein.I'm trying to leave these prejudices out of my review, for obvious reasons.Instead of celebrating the simple delights of Asian vendor food, they've created a cacophony of cuisines, somewhat authentically duplicating foods you would eat in unfancy Asian restaurants. I think they come pretty close on the Malay foods.I have to say, I feel little need to eat Korean BBQ with Malay Sambal-style noodles, but both were actually pretty good.  As with most places like this, nothing is spicy enough, and many western ingredients are substituted in, including crimini mushrooms, bell peppers, tomatoes; there is a lack of exotics like banana flowers, kafir lime leaves or fresh galanga.  The prices don't reflect this dumbing down.  Sadly, I've gotten used to this.I heavily penalize this place for its horrible acoustics, making it hard to understand anybody. You will leave hoarse. The tables aren't quite big enough for four people, which they will try to seat there. They become cluttered rapidly. The mood is tense.The menu is a MESS and a graphic designer's nightmare. It is so complex and at times redundant that the poor servers struggle to figure out what you are talking about. The  food is brought out by runners, who speak little English, don't know the names of the dishes, and are disorganized. Our Malay squid came to the neighboring table, nobody could tell what it was, and the runner was confused. It was a painful, awkward and frustrating situation. The squid were excellent.We had the dumpling assortment, which I would skip.  The bao were small, bready and just okay. There were some tasty Korean taco like things, sandwiched in rice flour squiggies, but the vast majority of the platter consisted of fragile, wonton skinned, soggy and unflavored pulp. Not worth it. They brought the dumplings out last, despite their being billed as an appetizer (or tapas?) in the jumbled disaster of a menu, and many of them were cold before we could get to them. Actually everything arrived at once like a massive onslaught from a united pan-asian invasion. On a previous visit, I had had satay, which was close to right.We had a Malay salad that was pretty good, not spicy enough. We had several individual coconut curry based individual noodle bowls.  These were tasty, but the noodles were overcooked, starchy and clumpy. A quasi Singapore style noodle dish missed its mark by being flavorless. I probably could have asked for more sambal oelek, but ordering our food from that menu with our particular server was such a white knuckler, that I thought I'd rather leave it be.Overall the sense of chaos was heightened by having everything arrive out of order, almost simultaneously, achieving a cluttered table, and highlighting the fact that the whole concept lacked direction. I am glad they tried to do this, and it does seem to be a work in progress. Maybe this kind of sampling could warm New Mexicans to more diverse specialty foods from different ethnicities. Maybe, just maybe, the owner could open a Malay restaurant on the side.One last thing: don't bring your kids.  My impatient 20 month old and pan-allergic 4 year old do not do well in this environment.  We left once without even being seen.  I returned without kids to write this review.
<review# 477,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2013,7/28/2013,69,171,6,5,4>I really liked this place.  The service was terrific.  Our waitress knew the menu well and made good recommendations.  Her timing was great so we got to order, eat, pay and leave exactly when we were ready.  We had the Nyama Choma which is roast giraffe.  Unlike many less enjoyable experiences with this particular animal (I'm just kidding, it's roast goat), Rafiki's had no fat or bones.  It was a very lean and flavorful cut.  Goat is a little tougher than beef but there were some good spices that really made it quite savory.We also had the vegetarian sampler which was a great way to get a good feel for the overall menu.  The red beans were terrific.  There were also lentils, a pea-potato entourage, and a kale onion saute.  I know it's not intuitive, but the red beans really were the highlight.
<review# 478,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2013,7/27/2013,125,201,2,6,5>What a beautiful atmosphere, a hidden gem in the Burque! When touring and visiting this winery, I didn't feel like I was in Albuquerque, I felt like I was in Europe, perhaps Italy or France, in a vineyard, out in the countryside. The landscaping is romantic and upscale, it would be fitting to hold a major event like a wedding or honeymoon.  The grounds are very nice with some old, original architecture. The wine is very flavorful and aromatic, with many choices available for those who have particular tastes in wine.  I strongly suggest this winery for wine lovers from all around!!!
<review# 479,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/31/2013,7/26/2013,90,146,1,7,4>Great place to shop! I always go with my girlfriends after our lunch dates. We always find unique, fun and well-priced clothes/accessories. The owner is in every day and is very friendly, she remembers your name and starts to know what you like. The prices are very reasonable for the Nob Hill area. Every girl should stop in and give a local business a try. You won't be disappointed. :o)
<review# 480,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2013,7/25/2013,33,137,6,6,6>How can you not love the Frontier? I started coming here in high school, mostly to people watch, and then to "run in" to this guy I had a major crush on one entire summer. My friends and I came here after our all-night HS graduation party and watched the sun rise. I met awesome people here, including two guys from England who hit it off with my good friend and me. I spent hours here, late at night the summer before I started college, and once in college, came regularly either after leaving bars or parties, or for breakfast the next morning--the hangover cure. I even studied here, of course. I will admit that I have, on occasion, eaten more than once in a day here. (But really, maybe only once or twice.)My staple was a chicken soft taco, no cheese, and a side of hash browns, extra crispy. I swear I used to get all that for less than $3. The chicken soft taco cost something like $1.29 for years. After piling on their hot green chile salsa, the meal was perfect.After college, I moved to the East Coast and would make a stop here at least once every time I came back to NM. The only things that changed were their prices and they stopped being 24 hours after something violent happened there in the wee hours of the morning. The menu was the same, the decor hadn't changed (just more art work, some of which is pretty fabulous, actually), time basically stood still. Even the same people continued to work there.I moved back here 3.5 years ago and my kids LOVE to go to the Frontier (so does my husband). Where else can a 5 year old get a hamburger and a pancake for dinner (yes, I'm cringing as I type that)? Their breakfast burritos are awesome. I've become a big fan of the carne adovada breakfast burrito, as they also put their delicious green chile in it. It's bigger than the burritos your get at Chicken Shack (er, I mean Golden Pride). They'll custom make anything you want and it's still one of the cheapest places in town to eat, even if some of their items have gotten quite "pricey."So, why only 4 stars? Well, it *is* the Frontier. Have you seen the bathrooms? Ew-to be avoided as much as possible. That's the one tricky thing about having young kids: inevitably, one of them has to poop and nothing beats hanging out in the Frontier bathroom while your kid stinks it up. I love the Frontier. Really.
<review# 481,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2013,7/24/2013,71,3,,2,3>I have been eating at the Thai House approximately every 4-6 months since it was introduced to me about 7 years ago. I tend to get the same dishes (#32 the Pad See-Eau and the Vietnamese Spring Rolls are my favs), and they are always tasty. I have been to Thailand, and the food at the Thai House is indicative of what you would find in someone's house in Thailand where the atmosphere is a little rundown while warm and welcoming.
<review# 482,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2013,7/23/2013,5,110,1,4,4>Well, what can you say!    It is Dions, an Albuquerque mainstay for pizza and subs.   First about the service.   It is pretty good.   The counter folks are friendly and actually smile.   Always polite and willing to help.   The food is tasty.   The make a great pizza, its not like a Chicago deep dish, and the subs are also great.    I would recommend Dions to anyone.    When we have out of state visitors we always visit Dions for salad, pizza and subs!   We are from the Midwest so we enjoy a good pizza.
<review# 483,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2013,7/22/2013,44,107,1,4,4>Love the donuts, attitude of the peeps inside, and supporting local.  Top favorite flavor is the french toast donut (it tastes like the real deal!) but today I tried something new, a green chile cheese kolache.  While the green chile was too mild for me, the light yet texture-i-ness of the pastry was fabulous and I'd definitely go for another one of those.
<review# 484,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/13/2013,7/21/2013,81,210,2,6,2>I am so sad about this visit. I should've known to go with my instinct instead of the server's reccommendation...but alas I did not. I got the vegetable crepes instead of the scallops that I've read about because "they were more indicative of the style of food Farm and Table is about." Ugh...vegetable crepes CAN be delectable...but the type of vegetables they chose to use were just odd (they don't mention in the description what veggies are used). I could've seen zucchini, yellow squash, roasted red bell pepper, onion, etc. but NO. Instead, half the vegetables were glazed in balsamic that was way too pungent for the rest of the mellow dish. It was basically a pile of onions with a little piece of tomato here and there and two thick chunks of purple potato.  It was finished with a slice of brie type cheese on top--just sitting there looking sad. Why, Farm & Table?! WHY!?The only reason I'm giving the place a good review is because it was cute, quaint and my husband's beef tenderloin was TO DIE FOR. Seriously, cooked to perfection and the red chile hollandaise that was served with it was awesome. The winter squash soup and the New England Fish Chowder were both tasty. Question though...we could only get reservations at 5:15 because they were so booked so HOW did they run out of their empanada appetizer and their fish chowder by 6pm?!?! Seems really stupid to me...Anyway, the tiny loaf of bread they give you before your meal is great--served with butter sprinkled with sea salt and beet powder (which looks really pretty). I'll be back to try the other food--which I am sure is way better than the crepes. I think they should take them off the menu or change them; there are plenty of other delicious, local, seasonal vegetables other than onion and purple potatoes.
<review# 485,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2013,7/20/2013,0,3,,9,4>I rented a Ditch Witch trencher from DAT Rentals today. The owner Dave delivered it himself and taught me how to use it with an excellent demonstration. The rental price was extremely competitive, and I will certainly go back to DAT Rentals for any further landscaping and/or excavating projects. Dave runs a great, honest business over there. I would recommend him over the big guys any day.
<review# 486,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2013,7/19/2013,122,177,1,6,5>I had this sudden urge to have fish tacos.  I mean it was a craving that just stuck with me all day.  Towards the end of my work day, I started to explore my options.  Should I just get the ingredients to make fish tacos?  Being new to Albuquerque I am still learning about new places, so I wasn't sure where to get some fish tacos.  I got a text from sister asking what I was going to do for dinner.  I responded with I really want fish tacos.  She immediately recommended this new joint.  She only knew about this place because the building used to be occupied by a little hamburger place that was popular. She was upset that the hamburger place was gone.  It's ok because we got to try these awesome tacos.  As you enter the parking lot there is a window where you order.  I love ordering from windows!  Right outside of the building is a seating area with picnic benches.  I ordered a fish taco, shrimp taco, and french fries.  They have a little salsa bar outside of the building too.  The tacos are reasonably priced as is most of the other fare.  These tacos were great and immediately curved my fish taco cravings.  If you in this part of town, you have to check this place out.  They make some yummy tacos! Cheers!
<review# 487,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2013,7/18/2013,59,79,7,6,4>Stop. Just. Stop. My quest for authentic MEXICAN food stops here. I just found Federico's late one night- ravenous after a late night at work, driving aimlessly in search of anything open after midnight, saw "open 24 hours" and u-turned into the drive-thru. Ooh- carnitas tacos! And ooh- fish burritos! Yes, please. Maybe a side of chips and pico de gallo? Go big or go home, baby. Little did I know that their portions are huge, which is fine by me. After one bite of that ah-may-zing taco, I unabashedly quoted Mia from Pulp Fiction when she went to the bathroom to "powder" her nose. Yes. It was that good. And that bad boy of a fish burrito? It took me back to my obsession with street food whilst spending time in Puerta Vallarta. Delicioso fo sho! All this was eaten in my car, which was good, because it allowed me to inhale an insane amount of food with no judgement and at the same time, allowing me to make audible sounds of appreciation and throwing in some happy dancing all at the same time. THIS is one of my best finds in Albuquerque by far! Happy, happy, happy!
<review# 488,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2013,7/17/2013,42,124,3,3,2>So I ate here one day ago, and it was amazing. hmm, i'm going to catch these guys unawares.....(puts on wig, fake mustache, spectacles, colors hair salt-n-pepper). Don't think they recognized me as the guy from yesterday.....It's one day later and I'm inconspicuously ordering the same thing as day before (California burrito). Dammit!!! it was BETTER today....and it was bomb yesterday! perhaps using the same credit card gave me away and they made sure to make me another ripping burrito. I shall try a 3rd time soon and report back, surely these guys don't make the best burrito in abq....or maybe they do, hmmm~ I'd recommend figuring it out for yourself, then buying me a beer for giving you the free lowdown. You're welcome (I'm talking to your tastebuds, not you).....
<review# 489,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2013,7/16/2013,34,128,1,6,2>Just had the lunch buffet, wow!  Start with the fluffy, savory white rice.  Move on to the entrees..3 vegetarian entrees and 3 or more chicken or beef.  Small salad area with the 4 or 5 different condiments.   Rice pudding and mango custard for dessert.  Well worth the $8.50 price.  The chia is hot and plentifulI will be back again soonOh wait forgot to mention the mixed pickled veggies...hot and sour.  I'm in loveNamaste
<review# 490,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2013,7/15/2013,145,67,3,8,4>Each time I visit here, I like to order the vegetarian burger -- even though I am not a vegetarian, yet one of my daughters is a vegetarian, so I like to support her in her meatless efforts.  The veggie burgers are usually tasty with one exception; on my last visit here the cook built my burger with a lot more onions that I would have liked.  Perhaps that veggie burger was made for someone who wanted extra onions.  Hence, I shall say on future visits, "Please put the onion on the side." in order for me to place the proper amount of onion pieces next to the lettuce or tomatoes rather than on the cheese.  When I am in an omnivore mood, I'll ask the employees which is their favorite burger, and so the first recommendation was the bacon & cheese double steakburger.  I hardly finished this huge burger even though I was very hungry, and I should have known better to get the recommendation from a teenage boy who naturally eats large amounts of food.  I think I'll have to share a burger the next time I'll get the advice from a youngster (or take a bite out of my date's burger because he'll let me sample his).I have yet to try any of their desserts because after every meal I am too full to eat any more food, yet both of my daughters have enjoyed their frozen treat choices.  I have to thank the Freddy's manager on my next visit because my younger daughter received a free custard coupon from a Freddy's employee in March.  I know she said "Thank you!" when they honored her coupon, but I would like to say it again in person because that really made her day!  For now, "THANK YOU, Freddy's Frozen Custard & Steakburgers restaurant for making delicious food and for making my children happy!"
<review# 491,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2013,7/14/2013,23,106,5,7,1>Are you there God?  It's me, Amy...  This store is a teacher's heaven!  After Learning is Fun (aka Learning is Expensive) closed, teachers everywhere in Albuquerque were forced to shop for teaching/classroom supplies at the likes of Staples, Office Max, and online catalogs.  It was like our prayers were answered with this little slice of heaven.  The store itself is very clean, organized, and no-nonsense.  The prices are a little expensive for someone on a teacher's salary, but still comparable to other teaching stores.  The staff is what made this review a 5 star review.  They are friendly and helpful.  If you are on a much- needed summer break and are already planning for the start of the next school year, don't miss out on this heaven-sent store!
<review# 492,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/4/2013,7/13/2013,14,8,,1,1>Definitely a step up over the major chains. Who wouldn't want to catch up on the sports world while getting a trim?  They even keep it real simple for us guys and use their computer to remember how I get my hair cut so I don't have to.   Top it off with a hot towel and shampoo/scalp massage and you've got my repeat business. I go here all the time and haven't had a bad experience. Waits can get a little long on the weekend, but since their target clientele aren't looking for perms and root touch ups, they usually pretty efficient.
<review# 493,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/4/2013,7/12/2013,52,30,1,2,2>How many times has this happened to you?We needed a cable. The one we had broke and the company no longer supported the product. It was a proprietary cable, non-standard, made just for the one device during the brief period when it was manufactured. Since the company (and electronics industry as a whole) had moved onto greener pastures in the all-digital age of planned obsolescence they no longer sold the single, fragile, rare part that made the entire device work. Replacements of the exact fragile-nature were available used, online, for a bigger cost than replacing the thing outright, plus shipping, from shady people in far-away lands with no chance of testing it out and no way to get a refund if it did not work.Sigh. So we started making phone calls. I wanted it to work TODAY, not however long UPS ground took after the seller got around to shipping it. Radio Shark was too busy trying to sell us phone plans to stock anything we could use. Big-box computer stores turned into dust in the new economy and blew away. Hallmark computer supplies (not to be confused with "Hallmark ANYTHING ELSE") put us on hold for a minute while they checked the back room-SUCCESS.When we got there we were greeted to a nerd's paradise, a sea of cables that would connect anything to anything. I thought of all the external devices I'd given up on over the years. I wistfully shed a tear at the videos I'd never been able to edit into MPGs and the records I'd not been able to digitize. The scanner that worked fast and intuitively that I'd had to replace with an over-priced monster that ate RAM. The printer that was frugal on ink that the dog had chewed the cord to. The laptop that had a power source from the manufacturer that cost $80, making me hoard the tattered one I had remaining and scream at children who walked near it. They were all here. My mind boggled at the possibilities- why drag this bulky power strip onto a stage when I can use this elegant daisy-chain to power everything? Why have this string of adapters gumming my USB ports at home when they have OR CAN MAKE ON THE SPOT a cord that runs right from one oddly-shaped plug into any other oddly shaped plug I could conceive of? And for literally pennies on the dollar, even versus online, with a straight-up refund policy. If I wanted to I probably could have wired my toaster through a drum machine (I considered it).
<review# 494,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2013,7/11/2013,52,86,3,8,6>Cafe Jean Pierre is what a little French restaurant should be. The food is fantastic--the boeuf en croute (filet wrapped in pastry dough) is to die for; we're talking melt-in-your-mouth awesomeness. The crepes are great (and cheap!), and the desserts are just delectable here. This is by far the best French bistro in Albuquerque.However, a word of warning: this place is small, so if you want to be guaranteed a table, make a reservation. Also, it's not open on Sundays, which is a total bummer, but I guess a genius chef needs some time off now and again. Okay, Jean Pierre, you can have your Sunday. Just keep making amazing food and we'll call it even.
<review# 495,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2013,7/10/2013,12,1,2,6,5>My husband and I were very disappointed when this restaurant closed several years ago because it was our favorite restaurant that we reserved for special occasions. We were delighted that they're back.We tried the new location last night, and WOW! It's just as good as we remember. They served us an apperitif (no charge) of chilled vermouth and a delightful appetizer (pate--also, no charge). Randy ordered a bowl of French onion soup and the lamb shank; I ordered the rack of lamb. The French onion soup was the best I've ever tasted, as good or even better than the soup I had in Paris several years ago. The food was exquisite, and the service was excellent. (It was also wonderful to have dinner in a French restaurant where at least some of the staff speak French (but don't lord it over people who don't).And the prices are reasonable. Great place to eat!If--no, when--you go, I do recommend that you make reservations, especially for dinner. It's a very small space.Welcome back, Claus and Cafe Miche! We missed you!
<review# 496,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2013,7/9/2013,21,9,1,6,5>I really like this place and have recomended it a bunch and brough lots of friends here. Tasty burgers made from grass fed New Mexico beef with fresh ingredients and oodles of topping options. The fried egg BTL is SO delicious, the salads are scrumptious, and the fried veggies are WORTH IT.  Also, there are yummy shakes, and a good selection of wine and local beers, all served in a cool modern atmosphere. You will pay $9+ for a burger, but, in my opinion, it's worth every penny. Definite recommend for a casual lunch or dinner date!
<review# 497,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2013,7/8/2013,179,284,6,9,7>I love libraries in general, but over the last 15 years I have fallen just a little more in love with the ABQ libraries.  Libraries in general have had to remake themselves into something more modern, wi-fi, downloadable books, etc.  There are several qualities that I have come to rely on, at our libraries, one is going online, searching a book and then, Presto Magico, it can be sent to the library closest to your home, or where ever you decide you want to pick it up, and you get an email saying, "Your book is ready."  The second thing I love love love, is the Overdrive section, I really enjoy listening to books, and the ABQ Library system continues to expand this section, so there are tons of options, I can download them to my iPad Kindle App also.  I know that most or many libraries are doing this too, it's just that it's great that the ABQ Libraries are embracing the future so deftly.
<review# 498,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2013,7/7/2013,31,77,1,7,2>Wow!  I'm super impressed!  I've been looking for a place like this for awhile.I ordered the Szechwan Chicken lunch special for a mere $6.15 or something.  It included a small bowl of what may be the best hot and sour soup that I've ever had!  I could just eat that for lunch - a big ol' bowl of hot and sour...The lunch portion was perfectly sized for lunch.  I got mine with steamed rice, but you can get fried rice if you like.  The chicken was plentiful and tender.  The vegetables (celery, peppers, onions) were fresh and crisp tender.Service was fantastic.  We even got water refills after we paid the check, which seems to never happen, ever.I got to taste the vegetable egg foo young, which looks awful but tastes delicious.  The almond chicken and the orange chicken both looked really delicous too.Give this place a try - it's even worth a drive over from wherever you are.  While I really liked Budai Gourmet Chinese, I think this place edges them out as a favorite.  Enjoy!
<review# 499,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2013,7/6/2013,93,123,,5,1>Fast in/out service, friendly staff, very reasonable fares (ruffly $5/day)!  If you're flying out of town for less than a week, it might be cheaper to park your car here instead of hailing a taxi to/from your home.Bottled water provided at the kiosk located at the gate as you start your drive home, friendly staff, shuttle drivers help you load/unload your bags (don't forget to tip).This place gets pretty busy during the holidays, and when they do, they offer valet parking as their lot gets full.I highly recommend FastPark if you're flying out of Albuquerque!
<review# 500,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/11/2013,7/5/2013,157,655,3,10,6>Hearing the manager speak about the food here, I had to tip my hat to Altitude. During my hard-partying years in NYC, I often ended up with friends at the run-of-the-mill sports bars that abound there. Being more conscientious about what I eat than any in my group, I often had to sit and watch as my pals noshed down on roided-up chicken wings and sloppy nachos with canned ingredients. So it's nice to see a sports bar that appeals to a more, dare I say, sophisticated eater. But this praise comes with caveats, as just because a menu has been classed up a bit or offers some more creative or inspired options, doesn't mean this alone is a recipe for success. For one thing, the food still needs to be good and cooked right. Also, restaurants need to be ahead of the curve and share the origins and status (meaning organic or Monsanto or what, mane?) of the products they use. I did hear talk of some local ingredients, but not enough specifics to fully unleash praise on the Altitude management and staff. Now on to the drinks. Since I no longer drink to get wasted, it's rare to see me drinking hard liquor and when I do, it's probably not going to be a cocktail, so won't comment much there. As for the beer, Altitude is following a formula I'm seeing again and again around Albuquerque: offerings from New Mexico breweries. On the one hand, I tip my hat as it is great way to promote our beer movement and outstanding breweries to have all the out-of-towners who stop here on their I-40 pass throughs get a chance to try Marble, La Cumbre and SF Brewing craft beer (sorry, I have very little love for those Sierra Blanca/Alien frauds). On the other hand, this isn't going to win over any local clients like me. Why would I come have a beer here when I can go to the breweries 5-10 minutes away? I want options and tons of them. Finally, the design and ambiance in here are nice and true to the sports bar theme. Flat screens abound, which is great and I assume they'll be willing to find a screen to put your game on if you only ask. As I write this I realize that this may be where I come when I want to catch some futbol. Also, the armchairs, couches, and booths all are quite swanky, so there is certainly some class here. Same goes for the U-shaped bar, the lighting, and colors, all on point.In the end, I doubt I'll be clamoring to come here, but it's certainly an option when I want to catch a game. Oh, and I almost forgot. The music here, come on guys. All that Top 40 stuff was played out the first million times I heard it. Invest a little money in a music curator that will give you some cutting edge mixes...it would go much better with the theme. You can't be an upscale bar playing club crowd trash.
<review# 501,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2013,7/4/2013,18,48,,6,2>After much back and forth between me and my fellow coffee fiend I decided to try this place. We are both heavy cream users instead of the usual half an half and he always claimed Satellite used the best cream.  Generally I'm a complete skeptic about everything but I went ahead and have it a try. Mainly because I needed to break a 20$ to tip my barber.   I picked my usual Red Eye, or Depth charge depending on where you are. (Bold Drip with a shot) and added heavy cream. I was immediately impressed by the knowledge of the barista and the amount of information her garnered in regards to how I wanted it prepared, then made a fresh pot if coffee. First impression was there is a definite difference between Starbucks cream and Satellite, here being much creamier and has more flavor. The coffee was much better as well with very little, if any, bitterness. The facility is much more welcoming than your average Starbucks. Nice couches, music playing, fireplace, very relaxing place to come and chill out for a little but while figuring out what you want to do with your life, or for the rest of the day.I had to inform my friend that I was a convert, I'll be frequenting Satellite more.  BTW, Its local, which is always a plus.
<review# 502,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2013,7/3/2013,0,1,,2,1>I had not cut my hair since 13, I was 32 it was down to my knees. I was scared to cut it, figured I can't just go to anyone,  my hair is part of me. I have a friend going on 12 years who always gets her hair colored and cut here, it was ALWAYS beautiful never a mistake or bad hair cut. I figured it was time, and my friend went with me. I went down to Chilis and had a BIG margherita first,LOL... Elaine was very good with me, took the time to understand my fears and what i wanted.  I will NEVER go anywhere else as long as they are in business. And, she know exactly what cut and color to suggest, I trust her completely!  I drive 30 miles when I go go around the corner.  I love my hair and I have her to thank, I hope she never retires! LOL.
<review# 503,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2013,7/2/2013,11,67,1,14,4>Talin, as much as I love this store, can run out of spices from time to time. So, where do you head when you need Chat Masala to make dinner? The answer is now on Central my friend. Bombay Spice is a nice addition to the international grocery scene here in Albuquerque. It is a small store--like something I would expect back home on Devon Street--but they have many different kinds of spices and a limited selection of fresh produce packed into this small space. The prices are reasonable and the owners have been very helpful even when I have managed to forget my glasses, they were patient enough to point me to the product I was looking for. So, if you need curry leaves, amchur powder, or other spices stop by Bombay Spice.
<review# 504,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2013,7/1/2013,5,13,,1,1>I have had the pleasure of working with Cuyler (Lead Developer) on a number of projects. The final result is always a reflection of the business. Clean, sophisticated, but most of all professional. There are two key elements when working with the web, and that is marketing, and networking. DKD has it down to a T.
<review# 505,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2013,6/30/2013,5,9,,1,1>Pediatrician All 4 of my children (2 families blended) go to this office.  You may not always see Dr Sumner, but you will be seen, and in a very reasonable amount of time (85% of the time - often longer wait for walk in appts).  I often can call the day of, and  get a walk in appt for my kids if they came down sick.   They are computerized.  They are friendly, and accommodating to a large variety of children's special needs. Willing to work with other doctors and specialists, and if he isn't sure he will refer you to someone he thinks can figure it out (my son had an eye issue he couldn't figure out).  Office is *always* CLEAN and friendly.
<review# 506,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2013,6/29/2013,23,88,4,4,3>Donuts are my weakness, my stuck on a desert island food. Usually I'm pretty happy with plain old chocolate frosted but everyone I know raves about Rebel Donuts. I gave it a try. I came in close to closing time, so my choices were limited. I got a toasted cocoanut and a Barney Rebel (covered in fruity pebbles cereal). Yum! Both delicious! I loved the decor, I loved the atmosphere. It was a little more than I'm used to paying for a donut but there are such different combinations and new tastes, I think its worth it. I'm definitely going back to explore more flavors. Sorry diet, maybe next year.
<review# 507,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2013,6/28/2013,47,133,2,7,5>I've been excitedly waiting for a reason to come and experience the burgers here. I live in Nob Hill, but venturing to new restaurants on Central makes me nervous. I'm never sure what I'm going to get and how much I'm going to have to drop to get a decent meal. I walked in and promptly plopped into a seat after shyly smiling at my fellow yelpers. I was excited and incredibly nervous! I was hungry, it was Sunday Funday, and I wanted to eat everything this place had to offer. They only serve local beef and beer which really made me feel excited and happyWe started off with some sweet potato fries and jalapeno poppers. I hate sweet potato fries with a passion and will normally avoid them like the plague. I couldn't resist plunging these delicious treats into the many sauces they offer and shoving them in my mouth. Their jalapeno peppers are also ridiculously good, don't expect sonic jalapeno peppers, expect something way better. The texture and taste of these will confuse your mouth and make you smile as you try and figure out what delicious sorcery took place to make these.I shared a Sunshine burger with a friend, and I wasn't disappointed. You automatically get their smoked ketchup and you get to choose one other dipping sauce. Everything felt so incredibly fluffy in my mouth and every taste was distinguishable in the burger. The taste of the beef alone was incredible. It was juicy, fresh, and by far one of the best burgers I have ever eaten in my entire life. I could eat this beef by itself, because it was that good. I had a marble red, a mojito, and I tasted their Berry's and Bubbler for a drink. It was all awesome and complimented my lunch incredibly well. They have a happy hour M-F which at some point in time offers 2 dollar beers. You read that right, local beers for two dollars. I'm afraid you will find me everyday here for happy hour and a burger. This is a must try in Albuquerque and I will continue to frequent here.
<review# 508,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2013,6/27/2013,123,1032,2,8,6>Ahh Cecilia's ... a New Mexico institution, so popular it has been featured on more than one cable TV program. Everyone should try it at least once, it's a nice little spot to hit up when you're downtown, and it positively oozes old school New Mexico charm.I love the fireman's burrito. Be aware: it is about a pound of food. Both their chiles are delicious, so I opt for the Xmas style, and they gladly oblige by covering either end in green/red sauce. Lovely. Take note, competitive eaters: they offer a 10lb. version that only one person in 85 has completed. Do you have what it takes to be the second?There's not a whole lot to the menu. They keep it simple. I like that. The service is awesome, as it's a small place. The blue corn enchiladas are delicious, too. Funky interior is old school, I love it.
<review# 509,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2013,6/26/2013,56,108,2,6,4>It gets as simple as this: The burritos are DELICIOUS! My coworker and I are chained to our office and can't escape for food half the time. We both brain farted this morning and didn't have breakfast...we were starving and found Door to Door Burritos on "Just Dine In"s website. Figured we would give it a shot, and man, I'm glad we did! The gal who makes the burritos delivered them herself, very nice & friendly...and the main reason for our call, the burritos, were UH-mazing. We will DEFINITELY be ordering from her again!
<review# 510,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2013,6/25/2013,102,60,4,12,5>Definitely do business with this lady. Wouldn't  you rather have 10 fresh choices in front of you than 20 marginal ones?Everything in the case looked great . I was hoping to find Bay Scallops and sure enough there they were! I did my best to exercise restraint when she started spooning them into the bag (not cheap) but it was pretty difficult as she was explaining how sketchy the availability was after the recent mega-storms back east.Good banter is a bonus for sure but I just seared those bad boys up and the flavor was tremendous! If you enjoy doing seafood at home try Nantucket Shoals. Most likely you will be carrying something out of there!
<review# 511,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/25/2013,6/24/2013,41,129,3,4,4>This place was very close to getting 5 stars! The only reason why I'm giving it 4 stars instead of 5 is because it was a little too warm.  The AC or swamp cooler was taking a long time to respond. I went to a prenatal yoga class, which was awesome.  They have tons of props to use to support growing bodies in many different poses. Avery the instructor was very helpful and had great modifications.It is a little pricey. You can save some money by buying a package.  Also they offer a student and teacher discount, which is awesome.
<review# 512,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2013,6/23/2013,17,4,1,3,1>I've been there twice and both times had a tasty lunch. The shawerma is great, the hummus is pretty good, and the service is friendly. As long as you don't mind dining in a grocery store (OK, there's a wall between the seats and the shelves) this is one of the best places for simple but delicious middle eastern food in Albuquerque.
<review# 513,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2013,6/22/2013,2,67,2,6,4>I visited this place based on a recommendation by my hairstylist who is Korean. I also took her recommendation on what dish to try which was Japchae. This dish consists of cellophane noodles and vegetables and is moderately spicy.  When the plate came out it had small servings of Kimchi, Spicy bean sprouts and a large serving of Japchae. Everything was very tasty although cellophane noodles are probably my lest favorite type of noodle. I look forward to trying other items that fellow yelpers recommend..
<review# 514,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2013,6/21/2013,4,4,,8,4>TechLove is a great space. One of my favorite events is the WordPress Meetup & Coworking, which is a great way to meet and connect with the wonderful creatives and devs around Albuquerque. Also, a great way to escape the work office, or home office when you're ready to change your environment and break out of the norm! Love the environment, the people and the space.
<review# 515,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2013,6/20/2013,89,325,,5,3>This little thai place is charming. The service is friendly. The food is really good. I've made thai food before, but I've never been to a thai restaurant before (surprisingly). I had the hot and spicy noodles (4/4 hot) with seafood. It came loaded with calamari, mussels, and shrimp. The sauce was awesome and I loved the green onions and bean sprouts. At first I thought it was a little pricey (the menu ranges from about $10 and up), but it was plenty of food and can be 2 meals. The orchid in the middle of my food was a nice addition. It was beautiful, but I really didn't know what to do with it...and I'm pretty sure those orchids alone cost the restaurant a pretty penny. I mean..do you eat it? Do you put it in your hair? Haha...I ended up taking mine home. I would like to try orchid thai again.
<review# 516,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2013,6/19/2013,92,147,6,6,6>Hello. My name is Damon. I'm a 32 year old male, and I'm in love with a salad restaurant. I was pretty dubious when my wife and I walked in here for dinner after our first choice ended up not working out. The decor was great: very modern, chic and "eco". It was neither too dark nor too light. The noise level, given it's size & concrete floor, was good. Then I saw the menu: a page full of salads. The back side had some appetizers and sandwiches, but it was apparent that this was a salad place. My wife was in heaven.On the appetizer list was one of my favorites: stuffed cabbage. I ended up getting that and the "French Frisée" because it had bacon and my wife the Kale something-rather. The stuff cabbage arrived and looked amazing. It was not as tight-wrapped as I'm used to, but had a fresh look and a fresh tomato sauce. It was divine.Our salads came out. They were gigantic. The lardon (big, french bacon bits) and bacon-vinaigrette on my frisée salad were awesome. Her Kale salad was, to my surprise, very tasty as well.The only knock on this place is that they're charging Santa Fe prices in Albuquerque. It's a bit steep, but worth it if you want fresh, healthy food!
<review# 517,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2013,6/18/2013,144,168,3,13,7>If you're hankering for traditional New Mexican cuisine, then you don't want to go to Zacatecas.Zacatecas' cuisine is indicative of its namesake state in central Mexico, thus the flavors and dishes are different. And they're good.I'm sad to see so many mediocre reviews for this place. I've enjoyed what I've had here each time and understand the food is not to be compared to New Mexican fare. Yes, there are similarities, but most of their dishes aren't prepared the same way. Just like if you were to go to a restaurant which has Guatemalan cuisine, most likely you'd expect the meals to be different than New Mexican. They specialize in moles, open-faced tacos, tequila and margaritas. Also, I enjoy the wide variety of fresh veggies in many of their dishes. They try to get all of their ingredients locally, organic and as fresh as possible.They no longer charge for chips and salsa, which comes complimentary at the beginning of your meal like most Mexican and New Mexican restaurants. The salsas are Fire Roasted Guajillo and Tomatillo-Chipotle.The atmosphere here is fun with a brightly-lit, open dining room.
<review# 518,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2012,6/17/2013,69,414,1,5,4>I came here curious to know what it was all about since I have heard of this place but actually never been. When I walked in I was surprised how big it really was. This place has it all a meat market, seafood market, salsa bar, horchata bar, cheese market, and fresh Mexican food cooked in front of you. Its also a grocery store that offers hard to find products that come from Mexico. If your bored on the weekend I would recommend checking this place out.
<review# 519,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2013,6/16/2013,65,120,4,8,5>My friends and I went this past Saturday around 1:30 pm and the place was bumping.  I think every table inside was taken.  We opted for a table on the outside patio even though it was still a bit chilly here in Burque.We couldn't figure out if the place has any parking or not, but just know that parking is an issue - especially if you are driving a car during the week when the university area parking is strictly enforced.  On this Saturday it wasn't a problem.  We found a paid lot and just decided not to pay and all was good.  I started with a coffee specialty drink for about $3.50.  It was delicious although maybe fifty cents too expensive.  I then had the cubano sandwich for about $6.50.  I normally only eat half the bread in any sandwich because of calories but I ate this entire sandwich and don't regret a single calorie.  The bread was that good.  It was delicious although maybe fifty cents too expensive.  I also had two sides of plantains and rice/beans for $3.50 each.  I think these were about a dollar each over priced.  My friends had a piece of tres leche cake for dessert - I didn't get a taste as it was gone in 3 seconds.  I can only assume it was good.    Service although inefficient and not fast is certainly friendly and you feel the love from the owners.I am not Cuban so there wasn't any old memory or flavor or spice that this place envoked in my heart.  But the food was very good.  I will definitely be back.  But only when I'm on foot during the week or on a Saturday when the parking isn't a disaster.I don't think you can hold the parking situation against this place since hardly any place in the university area has any parking during the week day.
<review# 520,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2013,6/15/2013,58,80,,4,2>This is my favorite place for a classic brunch with lots of breakfast items. I love to sit in the restaurant by the windows with a group of friends. The fried chicken and waffles are the best in town.Dinner is always lovely, the menu offers a wide variety of items and everything is fresh.  The duck eggrolls should not be missed! For a fun hang out spot head downstairs to the Cellar bar for great drinks, a fun happy hour, and live music.
<review# 521,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2013,6/14/2013,143,54,6,6,8>Fold your slice and prepare for happiness that only a great slice can give you!That was going to be my last line, but I think that putting the slice first is the only way to do justice to this review.Let me begin by saying that while I've only just started Yelping, I've been taking friends & family here for years now and I've happily referred a number of people here as well.  Everyone has been thrilled with the advice so far. My Uncle in Santa Fe swears by the pizza here and stops in almost every time he's in town.  Giovanni's really doesn't need much talking up.  They've been around 25 years.  They've won the 2010 Top Pizza award from Albuquerque the Magazine, Top 100 Pizzas in the Nation awards from Pizza Today and Best Pizza in New Mexico from USA Today.  That should be enough for a pizza lover to try it at least once.  If you're talking about true New Yorker pizza, a host of New York transplants have called it the only place to get real New York pizza.  This is a point I've seen argued to a heated point.  Since I'm not from NY, I'll leave that to those that are.  I can only say it's cool that they're in Albuquerque.  Is it the BEST in New Mexico?  You decide.It's not cheap, but it's not chain pizza either. Good crust and good sauce. When I say good crust, I'm saying that as a person who doesn't usually eat all my crust.  Here, I enjoy it because it's thin and because it's tasty.Took my friend and worried that she'd be biased because I read Yelp reviews aloud as we drove there.  Did you ever hear how amazing a movie is supposed to be and then you're let down because it didn't live up to the hype?  That was my fear.  On top of that I had told her that I'd felt like it just wasn't as great one time I went. All of this was in her head when we arrived.  She says it didn't let her down.  She was expecting a bit more from the venue, but later said she was happy about what she'd found.  A no frills, old school pizza joint.  After all these years I'm always afraid they will have moved because I always think they will close this strip mall down soon.  You'll hear the hype, then drive up and wonder if you're at the right place.  No worries.  You are.As you walk in you'll see exactly what you'd expect from a place called authentic NY pizza.  Red and white checkered tablecloths and floor.  One old tv near the counter.  The Italian tri-colored banner hold up the ceiling.  The walls are adorned with great reviews of the place, playbills Dana brings back from the shows she's seen in NY, mirrors, New York Yankee stuff, Italian movie pics and signed photos of the famous who have stopped in.  The smell makes me happy every time I walk in.Head up to the counter and make your choice.  Napoli? White Pie? Sicilian? (Better share it)  If a calzone is your thing, they really do make a great one here.  I stick to thin crust and my toppings vary but I'm always a happy eater. It's been awhile, but I've had luck with the lasagna too.  Green chile is warm, but not too hot.  Once in awhile I'll get a Pellegrino here because it reminds me of being abroad.If you eat in like we did, your pizza or calzone will be on a the metal pie disk and crazy hot from the oven when it arrives.  We burned stuff more than a few times enjoying those great bites.  We wound up only having two slices to enjoy the next day.  Now about that heat, I know people who will tell you it's better to let it cool a bit so the cheese doesn't run as much.  I'm just glad I get good pizza consistently, because that matters to me.  I can't honestly recall if it was better 'back when' or if it was in my head, so I have to let that go.  Oh, my friend? She loved it and was talking about her next visit mid-meal.  Find 'em in your Entertainment book or hit the website for coupons.  No printer? (or like me you can't see using a whole sheet of paper & the ink for one coupon)  No problem.  Their web site has coupons they'll honor from your phone or tablet.  Earth friendly, right?  You can even use their Wi-Fi.Negatives?  Price.  Location.  No beer.  Napkins too small and No Veterans discount, Especially with so many customer coming from the VA & the base.  A swing and a miss there.  What gives?You'll likely see Rosario, the owner. in there.  Tell 'em Eric sent you!  (He'll just have absolutely no clue what your talking about, but that's just good times.)
<review# 522,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2013,6/13/2013,151,116,2,11,7>Ai-ya!  I can't believe that I have yet to write a phenomenal review for this place!  Both my husband and I are Chinese Americans and we can attest to the fine food that Chopstix offers.  First of all, their prices are so reasonable and the food...well, it's food that both of our mamas would be proud to serve to their families. This is the authentic stuff, babies, not the goopy sweet and sour sauced-up fare you get at the Americanized places (which has its good moments too, don't get me wrong).  No, Chopstix is the stuff we grew up on.  It's classic, homestyle northern Chinese cuisine (northern Chinese cuisine features a lot more wheat, as seen in the bread and noodle offerings at Chopstix) with some spicy Szechuan fare as well.  Watch out for the spicy dishes...this stuff is not your typical "hot" but instead, is something what we Chinese like to call, "ma-la," which is both hot and numbing.  The Szechuan peppercorns in ma-la tickles your tastebuds and temporarily numbs them, which enhances the sensory delights of the dish you're eating.  Our favorites?  I'm partial to the Mei Gan Tsai Sou Rou, or the Steamed Pork with Pickled vgetable.  It's sweet, savory, and the fatty cuts of pork go so well with rice.  I also like the Dong Po Pork, which is also a fatty cut of pork belly that has been braised until tender.  The Jackie Chan Special, mustard greens with dried tofu and strips of lean pork is delicious and a fine example of down-home Chinese cooking.  We love the House Tofu, which are squares of tofu that have been deep fried then braised until flavorful and tender.  Green beans with pork are better than I've found anywhere else, truly!  If you are feeling adventurous, try my childhood favorite, Ma Yi Shan Shu (Ants Climbing a Tree), which are spicy vermicelli noodles with ground pork.  I always ask them to tone down the spice since I'm a wimp, but honestly, I would advise any of my friends to start out easy if they're unfamiliar with their level of heat.  Their Mongolian Beef is also excellent, which I like to get as a lunch special.Chopstix is the type of place that makes ABQ even more homey for those of us who miss homestyle Chinese food.  The lunch specials alone should be a reason to visit and the amazing specials that they have posted all over their walls are great for the more adventurous.  Pig's ear?  Sure!  (It's good, really.)  Chicken feet?  Mmmm. Anyways, what are you waiting for?  Go!  Now!
<review# 523,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2013,6/12/2013,6,95,1,3,2>Very good burgers; good fries topped off serving with green chile mayo to dip; great atmosphere. Bonus points for their Taos burger, which comes with a fried green chile on it.  People complain about the service, but whatever.The main reason it isn't 5 stars is that it is a bit pricey.  $12-14 for burger and fries is expensive regardless of where you're at, and for Albuquerque it's somewhat unreasonable.  That said, the rest of the menu (drinks, etc) seems very reasonably priced.
<review# 524,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2013,6/11/2013,15,139,2,3,2>Most froyo places are highly similar to one another, but some of them - such as Olo - stand out for subtle reasons.Olo has about 10 flavors, lots of fresh toppings (mochi!), reasonable prices, and high cleanliness standards. The sample cups are easily accessible, and they also usually have at least one no-sugar-added option. A negative is that Olo almost never has a full fat option, and I'm no fan of non- or low-fat froyo.
<review# 525,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2013,6/10/2013,15,103,1,3,3>An Albuquerque legend seems on the rebound from mediocrity.  Years of so-so food and lousy service has changed for the better.The food was great, the server was really kind.  But, his attention to detail was lacking.  The server was really nice, and had a great personality, but so is the bartender at Applebees, where it costs a bit less than $50/head.  He seemed to be loitering in the lobby more than paying attention to what we needed.  Drinks were a little slow, and service in general was sluggish.Moreover, we frequently stacked some plates, and refilled my own wine.  I was halfway through my steak before i received a steak knife.  BUT, the steak was sooooo tender, I was able to cut it with my fork.  My wife's special was ridiculously good. Everyone's food was fantastic!  After having avoided Scalo for several years, I am certain to return soon.
<review# 526,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2013,6/9/2013,7,5,,3,2>Always great! Authentic Mexican, not tex-mex or New Mexican. There is a distinct difference. But they're all good! This place is pretty authentic. The flautas & chille relleno are awesome. And it goes without saying the tacos are the best!
<review# 527,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2013,6/8/2013,8,5,3,3,3>I can't even begin to lay enough compliments on this place.  I went in just to look around and ask a few questions.  I ended up test riding what would become my new mountain bike.  They found a bike in my price range, loaded with essential  high end accessories, fitted it to me, showed me how to maintain it and made sure I knew that it was cool to bring it back for any adjustments or tune ups.  I received a great deal on a great bike by a solid 'avid biking' sales staff. These guys know bikes!
<review# 528,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2013,6/7/2013,50,84,1,4,4>This is exactly what Albuquerque needs more of - little places where you can duck in and grab a small bite to eat. Ever wonder what the full potential of a bratwurst or hotdog looks like?  I have seen it, it is amazing, and it is at Urban Hotdog Company. Do yourself a favor and eat here at least once.
<review# 529,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2013,6/6/2013,22,70,,5,4>I am not sure what I can add to the already comprehensive reviews of Tia Betty Blue's. hmmmm.....How about a list the daily discounts: Monday: Medical Monday. Tuesday: Tango Tuesday. Wednesday: Armed forces Wednesday. Thursday: Education Thursday. Friday: Tattoo Friday. Saturday: Kids eat free on Saturday.Kudos to them for offering unique discounts on different days.The girl that holds the Tia Betty's sign in the middle of San Mateo should win the BEST of ABQ: Best looking sign spinner.I have tried just about everything off of the menu and everything is absolutely amazing from the Blue Corn Waffle Boat to the Posole. If my grandma was New Mexican, this is the type of food that she would lovingly prepare.Vegetarian Green Chile!The Red Chile is uber hot, but oh sooo good.They have a drive through.The upstairs apartment is currently (as of this review) for rent. I am seriously considering renting it just so I can lay in bed and smell the wafting aroma of their succulent Carne Adovado.
<review# 530,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2013,6/5/2013,33,177,2,4,2>Chow's may technically be located in the mall, but this is definitely not mall Chinese food. Instead, Chow's is an upscale bistro that serves classic Chinese dishes alongside culinary offerings from other areas of Asia and several tasty fusion options. After a fairly thorough tour of Chow's menu, this restaurant has become one of my favorite westside eateries and one of my favorite places for Chinese in ABQ. While the lunch options are somewhat restricted in number, the several I have tried have all been quite good. Among my favorites are the Orange Peel Chicken and the Pad Thai. The Orange Peel Chicken is among the best I've ever had. Easily top five. It's got deliciously rich, thick sauce with plenty of orange peel and spices in it adorning nice big, white pieces of chicken, lightly breaded and actually crispy. Unlike a lot of orange chicken, this stuff wasn't overly sweet, but had a very nice subtly bitter flavor to counterbalance the sweetness. For me, I find this dish to be a nice litmus test of place's overall quality. The Pad Thai is also an excellent choice, with its well balanced sweet-tangy flavor, and slightly chewy noodles. While it's not quite as good as the Orange Peel Chicken, it is certainly the largest item on the lunch menu and a good deal for those, like me, who are always tempted to order the dinner portions at lunchtime just for the bump in portion size.The dinner options are where this place really shines, and mostly in the Chef Specialties category of the menu. The Dragon Sesame, for example, is straight-up amazing. A little sweet, a little fiery, with notes of sesame and peppers, the sauce is the perfect compliment to the crispy, perfectly fried pieces of meat. And, it works equally well with chicken or beef. And, it would be remiss not to mention Chow's outstanding signature dish, the Coffee Chicken. As the name suggests, this is lightly fried chicken in a surprisingly delicious coffee-based sauce. The bitter coffee flavor balances with the slight sweetness in just the right way. Don't worry though, it doesn't taste like a latte. In fact, my wife hates coffee and very much enjoys this entree. And, of course, let's not forget appetizers. Chow's offers many of the usual suspects and a few surprise guests. Except for the Vietnamese rolls, which are a bit phoned in, all of the starters are good. But, I would especially recommend the Tuna Rolls and the Beef Rolls, which are absolutely stellar and well-priced.The atmosphere is also wonderful: dimly lit, cozy, beautifully appointed, so well done, in fact, that you quickly forget that you're technically in the mall. Service is typically prompt, unobtrusive, competent, and friendly. I have also been impressed that the chef occasionally comes out of the kitchen and ask patrons how the food is. Nice touch. The prices are quite good for the quality and quantity of the food, but of course, dinner prices are a significant step up from those of lunch. We experienced a few letdowns in the dining experience, but these few were handled to our satisfaction each time. If you find yourself at the Cottonwood Mall or anywhere on the upper west side of ABQ, give Chow's a shot.
<review# 531,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2013,6/4/2013,47,245,1,3,3>Great coffee, amazing breakfast, friendly staff, comfy atmosphere, and just under Tuco's den. Perfect, really. I tried the migas (good), and the spouse ordered the huevos rancheros (even better). I am looking forward to a Sunday when I can go in and order the Southwestern benedict. How can that be bad?!We bought espresso beans for our home grinder and boy does it turn out good coffee! A little pricey, but worth it for a quality, local product.
<review# 532,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/8/2013,6/3/2013,7,25,5,5,2>Great breakfast burritos (hashbrowns in there, not papas) and the sweetest, yummiest coconut 'muffin' ever. Granted, the muffins are really sweet, like borderline cupcakes. But I love that coconut muffin like crazy. Also, the breakfast burritos are grilled, yeah, crispy-yum.To those who are upset about the prices... food costs tons of money these days- period. I don't know if folks realize, but the entire western half of this country (which includes California- our nation's chief provider of fruits and veggies) is experiencing a craaaaaaazy drought. No water = hella expensive tomatoes. Our corn and soy crops have suffered a major blow making everything from grain-fed livestock to interstate transportation way more expensive (ethanol, a major additive to gasoline, is made from corn). So, just think about what you used to pay for food at the grocery store and what you pay now. Then think about how that could translate to a small, local cafe.::stepping down from soapbox::Love those coconut muffins.
<review# 533,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2013,6/2/2013,135,127,2,6,3>This is by far my favorite hotel in ABQ. Reasons? 1. Free open bar from 5:30-7:30 pm with chips/salsa & fresh vegetables2. Amazing free breakfast with ready to order omelets/fresh fruit3. Spacious rooms with a separate "living room" area. 4. Great customer service.5. Close to downtown (sunshine theater, restaurants, bar scene--about a $7 taxi ride)So... Open bar... Being a college student, you better believe I love when my parents suggest attending this. The bartender we most frequently get is Bradon, and he is very friendly! They have a selection of well liquor that ranges from rum, tequilla, whiskey, and vodka. They also have wine and a couple of beers (bud light and amberbock) on tap.  Theres a TV in the seating area, so its a great place to enjoy the game. Also--Kids are allowed in the area while the adults partake. Don't forget it's customary to tip $1/drink!Breakfast... like I said... Amazing! Offers the typical bagels,waffles, toast, cereal, and juice that you see at most hotel breakfasts. It also has scrambled eggs, oatmeal, cooked potatoes, fresh fruit, and the OMELET BAR which is delicious. The rooms we always stay in include two queen beds and a pull out couch in the separate living room area.  It's plenty of room for our family of 5 to comfortably stay. The rooms are always immaculate when we are there!  There's also a workout and a pool/hot tub room. Overall, this place is AMAZING for the price and I would definitely recommend it to anyone stopping by in abq for a night or two.Normally (when there aren't major events in town) we can get a government rate at the hotel for about $80/night. Depending on  your intentions while in town, with the open bar and breakfast, it essentially pays for itself.
<review# 534,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2013,6/1/2013,5,40,,6,3>Love this place.  I have had laser tattoo removal and laser hair removal.  I was VERY nervous before either treatment. Hello- it's a LASER!!!  But all the ladies there are very nice and made me feel right at ease. Also very knowledgeable about the treatments.   They have payment plans for all their treatments which is a HUGE help to not have to pay the hundreds of dollars up front. I have paid less than 30 per month for both treatments.  I have never had any problems and look forward to future treatments with them after my current one is finished. In response to the previous comment, I sunburn very easily but have never been turned away. Regarding both treatments: My tattoo is mostly gone and I can go for more treatments (it had TONS of colors).  And the hair I've had lasered is GONE! Very excited about that.Before you go for certain things, don't tan or pluck or wax, etc.
<review# 535,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2013,5/31/2013,0,7,2,9,3>I will NEVER take my car to the dealer again. These guys have good common sense and are superbly knowledgeable about Subarus and are just good guys. You get the feeling they love their jobs (unlike at the dealers). I have taken my Forrester to the dealer for over 2 years for the same issue---the center console AC vents didn't blow the cold air. They gave me the run around and tried numerous fixes, that did not work. No AC becomes a major issue in the desert! Needless to say the guys at Reincarnation figured out a "Complimentary" work around that could get my car nice and cold for a long time to come. They even mentioned that I should look at my warranty and see if the starts of my AC problems was within the warranty--if it is Subaru might cover a potential 1.2K fix. I had not even thought of that! I am just glad these guys are in Albuquerque. And, I love that they gave me options! I will keep taking my ride HERE!
<review# 536,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2013,5/30/2013,8,37,3,6,4>The Safehouse Thrift Store is run by Safehouse, a program designed to help victims of domestic violence and their families.  A couple of weeks ago I went to Safehouse to donate some clothing that I was planning to donate to another very well known thrift store when a friend told me about the Safehouse Thrift Store.   My friend said it's a wonderful place because you can donate clothing, household items, furniture, books, etc. while at the same time help people in need and their children.  I had about 6 large bags of clothing and shoes which the staff helped me get into the store. I was given a receipt that I filled out with the value of my donation.  With my purpose for going there complete it was time to shop.  This place does not look like a thrift store.  It looks like one of those cute boutiques you see around campus or Old Town  (see pictures). The clothing selections (men & women) were current, well displayed, clean & pressed, and the prices don't get any better for the quality of the merchandise.  There is no junk in this store. I purchased a piece of luggage and two outfits all for about $20.00!!!
<review# 537,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2013,5/29/2013,68,230,2,7,3>I can't believe I haven't reviewed this place yet!This food is AWESOME!!!The first time we went into this place, I really wasn't sure what to expect, but the Yelp reviews said it was good, so we forged ahead.  It looks a little fast food-y, but it SO is not!  The combo plates kick ass - there is really no other way to say it, they just K I C K  A S S.  The combination of all the stuff they put on there is like magic.  The chicken tikka is my favorite, but frankly they are all pretty darn good.  The hummus and falafel that come with it are truly tasty, and even the frickin' salad and rice are just delightfully delectable.  Oh my gosh - we might have to go there for dinner tonight, my mouth is watering just thinking about it...Anyway - the guy who owns this place is so cool.  He is from Brooklyn and a really nice guy.  Sometimes when I go for takeout we chat about life, food, travel - all kinds of stuff.  He is really funny and fun to talk to.  He gave me great advice about where to get good Chinese here in ABQ - not an easy thing to come by, especially when you are used to San Francisco Chinese, you know?OH!!!  The dolmas!!!  Heaven! Sorry - just thought of that.  Yum...  Yeah, I need to go there on the way home.  The prices are a little higher than I would like, but it never even makes me pause when I want to go there - it was more of a blip on the screen the first time we went.  The food is so good, you kinda forget about it once you have food in your mouth.Truly - if you like Mediterranean food in any way, shape or form, you will LOVE LOVE LOVE Sahara.  LOVE IT!!!!!  Go there and be happy that you did!!!
<review# 538,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2013,5/28/2013,43,258,2,8,3>This new Vietnamese restaurant in the north valley deserves a try.  Albuquerque is fortunate to have may choices for this type of cuisine, but it's rare to find one in this part of town.  Some of the most friendly and attentive staff, spacious, minimal, but colorful and tasteful.  The food is quite good.  Everything is incredibly fresh and artfully presented.  Fair prices.  We started with an order of spring rolls.  Typical, but fresh and tasty.  We then had the rare steak pho and the grilled beef plate.  Everything was well presented and very good.  My only negative was that the restroom was in need of some attention.  It did not appear to have been cleaned and prepped for the day.
<review# 539,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2013,5/27/2013,78,113,2,5,6>AWESOME. I came here on a late sunny Saturday afternoon. I had been wanting to try the chicken and waffles for quite some time now. This was my first taste of chicken and waffles (together) and I am a true believer now! The harmonious mixture of juicy, (not greasy), fried chicken with the crispy crunch of the soft sweet golden brown pillow square waffle, warm sticky syrup...mmmmmm mmmmm mmmmmMM!  I also tried two "Hobbit sized" beers at $2.50 each. The White Ale and the Scottish Ale. While I will admit, I am not a beer connoisseur, these two ales hit the spot! They offer a beer flight that I'm dying to try next time I go. Casual laid back vibe, tvs by the bar, open dining area. I definitely need to go back...I haven't tried enough of the menu to give 5-Stars, but I feel confident that will be coming on the next review!
<review# 540,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2013,5/26/2013,69,171,6,4,3>Great Park or Greatest Park?  I've been staking this place out for a couple weeks trying to figure that out.  I think I'm going to go with Great Park, but look forward to the continued improvements. First of all, greatest canopy!  I can't think of another old growth canopy of this magnitude in the Albuquerque area.  These giant elms were planted by the New Deal and that's the gift that keeps on giving.  This is probably the greatest dog park in town too.  AND DON"T LETS RUIN IT BY LEAVING POOP ON THE GROUND! OWNER OF DOG NAMED "DUCK"!  yeah I'm watchin' you fool.  Anyway... as I was saying, this is the greatest dog park as there are many off-leash hours before 10am and lots of cool people with cool dogs walking around, and there's little human/dog water fountains so you can drink at the same time.  And there's plastic poop bag dispensers!  hint hint.Next comes the playground which is great and always full of kids.  It seems to have the right amount of slides and climbing combos.  No swings though, and it's not under the canopy for much of the day, unfortunately.  Roosevelt's got the greatest frisbee golf course.  I've never played but it's always happenin and looks like fun.   (Go ahead and invite me, I have an opening for frisbee-golf friend.)The green is nice and I've witnessed everything from 101 person work-outs, to giant 4/20 drum circles, to weddings, to family reunions.  Greatest community!So all together,  Great Park!
<review# 541,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2013,5/25/2013,28,96,,5,2>Stopped by on a Wednesday morning around 9:30 to buy some macaroons. Place was not so busy at first but picked up quickly. I only went in for macarons but ended up buying a croissant as well.  There were only 2 people working so after I placed my order I ended up waiting for at least 15 more minutes before the girl preparing orders asked the new girl in the register to go ahead and box up my order.  Having just had Bouchon bakery macarons, these failed to meet my expectations but were worth a shot since they were local. They are very small, a little larger than the size of a half dollar and are $1.50 each. I don't know if it was a special, or if it's offered every day, but I bought 10 and got 2 free. I paid roughly the same price for a half dozen at Bouchon and they were easily the size of my palm. The flavor and textures were good, the outer shell was very fragile, inside was more chewy than I would have liked. I was given a selection of that days flavors: pistachio (my favorite), vanilla, caramel, strawberry and chocolate.  Croissant was delicious though! Soft, buttery, flaky goodness! While waiting I did have the chance to scope out the menu and I would definitely go back and try their tortas. They were out of the breakfast burrito I wanted to try. The atmosphere was nice, outside seating is a plus. I love that it is not directly on Central giving you a little more of a serene atmosphere when outside.  I love supporting local small businesses, so I will defnitiely be going back to try the rest of the menu.
<review# 542,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2013,5/24/2013,39,137,2,4,4>What a great little place! How have I not been here yet?! This little gem is located in the heart of the of Albuquerque's Old Town district, where it's surrounded by galleries, museums and restaurants. They have been there for almost 37 years and have been recognized in some very honorable magazines/newspapers/media (Sunset, NY Times, AP, and the list goes on..). We had the pleasure of meeting the owners who were both very friendly and told us the whole story on how they got started.  The rest of the staff inside were great as well!A friend and I ordered the green chile & tomato pizza on green chile crust, which was to die for! I mean, who has green chile crust?! Nobody else, that's for sure! SO good!  You can also choose between whole grain, gluten free, regular or gc crust. Golden crown is most know for their biscochitos, which were fantastic. They were flavor-fully sweet, but not too sweet and not too much anise--which can be over powering.  Every customer gets a free biscochito, which is another reason this place rocks! The menu consists of bakery goods (breads, cookies desserts), coffee drinks, Pizza and sandwiches. You can even order a pizza there, and take it home to bake. Catering is also available.The patio area is a great place to have breakfast, lunch or dinner and people watch! They have at least 6 tables out there, each with an umbrella. Parking lot or street parking is available. I already cannot wait to come back and try a few more things on the menu. Love local places like this! Glad I had the pleasure of visiting.
<review# 543,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2013,5/23/2013,26,71,3,4,4>The salsa is to die for (but it might burn your mouth off!). This place is the greasy spoon of Mexican food and it's AMAZING. My biggest complaint is sometimes the portions are so large, they're overwhelming (in a bad way). I realize that's sort of a stupid thing to mention. However, you get what you pay for and even though the prices on the menu may seem high you get a TON of food. Leftovers will easily last you days...no exaggeration. I normally get a combination plate and it barely looks like I put a dent in it when I ask for a take home box (which ends up weighing close to 5 pounds lol)...that might be a exaggerating a bit but I've never had left overs be so heavy (literally). I think the best part of Sadie's IS the leftovers though. I normally have them for breakfast the next day with an egg over easy (ask for extra no meat green chili to take home!)- yum! Then there's still enough for lunch and/or dinner. I easily get 3-4 meals off of one Sadie's plate which is ridiculous and awesome at the same time. The salsa is the best in town. They sell it at Smith's so if you're from out of town- LOAD UP. However, the stuff they serve at the restaurant is slightly different than the jars at the store- I think they mix the red chili and green chili salsa but I'm not 100% on that. Either way- they're all good. You won't be able to stop with the chips & salsa they give you either- it burns so good. If you can't tolerate spicy food or are not used to the NM chili burn, WATCH OUT. You can't go wrong with Sadie's, especially if you want some awesome leftovers the next day after too many of their margaritas. Haha
<review# 544,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2013,5/22/2013,7,10,1,4,2>I always receive a warm welcome we I get the chance to visit Salon Deluxe & it is so convenient to be able to get all the services I want in one place (Facial, manicure, pedicure, hair clarification, deep condition & cut... OK, I get it colored too).  The staff here is sincere, knowledgable & professional.  If you are ever in need of some serous R & R or if you would like your face to look brighter & perhaps lighten the signs of aging skin;I highly recommend facials by Sherri - simply heavenly!
<review# 545,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/31/2012,5/21/2013,16,95,1,5,2>My wife and I were planning on eating at a different place in Old Town but couldn't get a table for a couple of hours.  After finding this place on yelp, we figured we could check it out.  I had tried their wines before at some of the local wine festivals but had no idea what the food would be like.When we sat down we were offered a can of Mimosa to try which was a great start to the dinner.  They also have flights of wines for around $7 which is a great way to try 3 wines at a time.I had the Chicken Marsala which was not the best I have ever had but the chicken was good perfectly and the sauce was pretty good.  The side veggies were fresh and well seasoned.  I also tried the flat-iron steak which was perfectly cooked as well.  The food was not outstanding but the quality was commensurate with the price.There is also an outdoor seating area and when we were there, there was a live band playing inside.  It was a fairly noisy place but not unbearable.  We were also next to a huge party of about 25 that looked like a wedding shower.Overall a decent place to get a meal in old Town.
<review# 546,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2013,5/20/2013,3,27,1,2,3>I have never had a bad meal or a bad drink at O'Niell's. Everything on the menu is good - and not just "bar food" good.  Great soups, weird sandwiches, and Irish Classics combine with in demand New Mexican dishes.  Great vegetarian options - the spinach salad with honey mustard is my favorite - and even a "Defined Fitness" menu with awesome fish tacos. As for the service - we get great service sitting at the bar and have always gotten awesome service with the waitstaff, though I have noticed if you are demeaning to them, they will not hesitate to be slow with your order.  Treat them with respect and understand the demands of their job and they'll be amazing!
<review# 547,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2013,5/19/2013,66,102,,4,3>Let me start by saying that they CLOSE AT 9. I stress this because I've seen the owner in all of his hawaiian shirt glory, turn people away because they've got there too late. Infact, two women came in there from Santa Fe to celebrate a birthday and the dude was like, "Sorry, come earlier next time." On the bright side, their food makes me forget any and all harsh feelings I may have had about that situation and their mango sweet rice makes me all warm and fuzzy inside. We took another couple here to try out their fabulousness and the dude insisted on ordering their triple spicy Thai noodles and he cried almost the entire meal (not emotionally, but because the food was really f'in HOT). Also, the waiter warned him but he said "I LOVE hot food" and that was the last we heard until we were walking out and we asked him what he thought and he said, "that sure was Hot!"  I like to start with the spring rolls and John's tea and then move the sweet and sour stir-fry with pineapples in Thai sweet and sour sauce. To finish, the mango rice is a MUST. This place is very good. Just make sure you're punctual.
<review# 548,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2013,5/18/2013,33,137,,21,2>Five stars for the red chile.  If I eat here again and it's as good as last night, I'll up it to five stars overall.A couple of years ago, my husband's family took me to Duran's Central Pharmacy for a birthday breakfast.  There were 10 of us, a big party, and the service was AWFUL. I know we were a big party, but it took well over an hour to get our food and considering we had a school-aged child and three young toddlers, it was ridiculous. They kept serving everyone else around us, including those who came in well after us. As far as the food went, the tortillas were great, but everything else was not really worth the wait.That brings us to the present... Duran's Station is not far from our house and we finally tried it. It was really good. My husband ordered the carne adovada plate with fried potatoes and I had a combo with a beef taco, chile relleno (with green), and a tamale (with red), which we shared. The red chile really was superb, as were the tortillas. My daughter had a tortilla burger with fries and my almost 5-yr old son had a custom-made (humongous) beef and been burrito. All the dishes were big and I have a ton of leftovers. At the same time, they aren't cheap. There were six of us and including 5 beers, and our bill was over $93.00.  I will definitely go back.  Yum.
<review# 549,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2013,5/17/2013,60,293,1,3,2>This was a really awesome event for ABQ beer week.  5 artisan cheeses paired with 5 different Marble beers.  Which, you ask?  Well: The Marble Double White (a light and citrusy whit beer) paired with Thomas Hoe Red Leicester; the Triple (a Belgian style Abbey ale) paired with Sottocenere al Tartufo; an amazing Framboise beer (raspberry lusciousness without being sweet) paired with Cremont cheese; Oatmeal Stout (almost black with wonderful notes of coffee and chocolate) paired with Sini Fului Pecorino Romano; and finally the 505-2013 Collaboration Ale (a double red IPA that is frankly amazing) paired with Borough Market Stilton. Google them.  The pairs were great, the pours were generous, and the atmosphere was perfect.  I will definitely make this an annual tradition.  See you next year!
<review# 550,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2013,5/16/2013,9,54,1,3,3>I recently went here to try everything out, because I was really missing the good Japanese food I used to get in LA.  It's a very small place, but it reminds me of some of my favorite authentic Japanese restaurants, such as Tofu Ya and Asahi Ramen.  I got the Japanese Curry, which was excellent.  My husband had a bit of a cold, so he got the ramen.  It's nice to see one good Japanese restaurant here, that's not a sushi or tepenyaki place.  The service was excellent and I'm so happy this place is around!  Anyone who likes traditional home style Japanese food, should come here.
<review# 551,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2013,5/15/2013,81,210,1,5,3>Robek's is wonderful. The staff on Sundays (a couple of 19 year old boys) aren't the best...the smoothies don't come out as well. They end up chunky and chalky some of the time. But, go to Robek's any other day of the week and expect greatness! The Age Buster is great--a combination of spinach, soy, and pineapple may sound like a train wreck to some but it tastes crisp and clean and has tons of antioxidants and vitamins!
<review# 552,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2013,5/14/2013,29,49,1,8,2>This is the main set of soccer fields in the Albuquerque area.A complex of 22 fields located just NW of Bernalillo, the complex hosts most weekend youth and adult soccer games.There are 8 lighted fields with two designated the "Stadium Fields." The grass is quite good and all the fields are lined.  The goals have nets.Now for the main negative point:  there is only one access point from Jemez Dam Rd.  Entering and exiting during busy hours is a nightmare (30 min to game time or 15 min after games).  If you park in the first available lots, the lots for fields 1&2, 7&8, 9&10, 11&12, and 15&16 ... you will have a LONG wait to exit the complex.  Best bet is to drive around and park in the last two lots.  You may have to walk a longer distance to your fields, but you won't have to wait in as long of a line to exit.Bathrooms?  Port-a-potties that are sheltered by nicely done barriers.No real concessions.Bring a folding chair, umbrella for the sun, and enjoy the games.
<review# 553,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2013,5/13/2013,125,201,3,10,5>Nice apartment complex with year-round hot tub, heated pools, playgrounds, and lots of amenities for any tenant.  The staff seemed very friendly and accommodating.  And the leasing office had chocolate chip cookies and lemonade. Why not 5-stars? Location, location, location. Although its by the breathtaking and serene Sandia Mountains, it's a little too far off the map. Plus, it is hard to turn left out of the apartment complex, which might sound like a silly complaint, but if you are going to live there for a year, you might want to consider how long you sit in the parking lot day in and day out waiting to turn. Just saying.
<review# 554,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2013,5/12/2013,67,177,1,10,8>Just did their first ever fitness class this morning (gravity fit). What a workout! It was also my first visit to gravity park. The class was full I believe but still a Lot of room and personal space. it was $12 which to me was well worth it. It was a good mix of girls/ guys/mainly adults 20's-50s were there it seemed.The instructors were really good at having fun while making us work hard! My abs and quads... Even arms are sore. Very intense cardio workout for the jumping and we did a nice variety of things to workout all areas of our body.They have a 29$ pass for a month of classes but right now only have classes tues night 9-10pm and Thursday morning 7-8.... Maybe this Saturday class was just a demo? Wish it was every Saturday. Great way to start my day!My least favorite thing was the foam pit. I like couldn't get myself out of it.. It felt like a nightmare where you are stuck in quicksand  haha. I guess that was pretty unfortunate about the other reviewer's discovery in the pit.. It is prob full of germs so yeah i prob won't go in that again.Apart from the class they hav bday parties there and a cute kid area. I guess they do like a "cosmic jump" thing Fridays and Saturday's with flashing lights..moron gets pretty crowded w teenagers I'd assume. Also just jumping on your own I'm sure would be a great workout too even if not taking a classWords of advice... Bring water.. Don't wear socks because it is super slippery..wear a sports bra.... Don't eat before jumping....pull your hair back...leave valuables at home....don't wear jewelry....etc.lHad a blast!
<review# 555,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2013,5/11/2013,44,107,,3,2>We had a fabulous opportunity for a Guest Chef's Dinner created by Maneet Chauhan on her 21 city tour.The Jamun Kir Royale cocktail was amazing with flavors that none of us were able to guess but the recipe (along with many others) is in the book we received along with dinner.  Favorite of the three couses was a tie between the starter of fenugreek coriander Peruvian ceviche and the pa doi pots de creme dessert.The staff were a bit frazzled during this particular visit but that might have been because they were also serving the full menu to diners who were there for regular service.If you want an unusual drink, they have an extensive menu of specialty cocktails, as well as wines, brandies, and ports.  Sitting in the bar for HH has always been a hit on past trips.Thank you Artichoke Cafe for hosting the guest chef on her Albuquerque stop!
<review# 556,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2013,5/10/2013,122,177,2,5,5>I am literally in craft beer heaven since moving to Albuquerque.  I mean there is some major competition here.  The only reason I have discovered this is because I am a lover of craft beer and every time I talk to another lover of craft beer I always hear about another brewery that I need to try.  I am pretty sure once I have visited all of the breweries in Northern New Mexico, someone will tell me,  "have you tried this guy's brew that he brews at home?"  Yeah, apparently there is a lot of craft beers here.  All jokes aside.  I have to admit that I put Il Vincio canteen in my back pocket.  I knew it was there, even though it's close to one of its competitors. It was a Wednesday night and had the opportunity to finally check this place out.  I went at night and it looked like the outside area was enclosed.  The place wasn't packed so there was a table available and not much waiting.  I started out by sampling 2 of the regulars on the beer menu.  The   Slow Down Brown Ale and Wet Mountain IPA.  The brown ale was great.  It had a nice chocolate malt base and a roasted flavor.  It was a tasty brown ale without being too off the wall.  Next I tried The Wet Mountain IPA.  It had nice citrus and pine aroma.  Pretty standard IPA and not nice hop balance.  So far some solid beers.  This is what you are going to expect from this brewery.  They aren't the new kids on the block and they have the right stuff.  (You see what I did there?)  Seriously I said earlier all jokes aside.  The wait staff was attentive even though it was the middle of week and the bartender was friendly.  It's a great place to relax and enjoy a well crafted beer.  Let me mention too that this place has ample parking!  something the competitors out there seem to not like.  If you haven't tried this place or waited a long time like me to finally try their brews then climb out of the rock you have been living under and go.  Cheers!
<review# 557,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/1/2013,5/9/2013,59,79,6,3,4>Since moving to Albuquerque 6 months ago, I've picked up on a few things that reign prevalent in this town. The first is the phrase "that's what she said"- seriously, I've heard this more in the last 6 months than I did in the 90's. And I walk into it every single time. Feel free to insert "that's what she said" in this review. On a less annoying and tastier note, I've also picked up on the fact that this city loooooves it's breakfast burritos. In fact, it would appear that the "best breakfast burrito" war has surpassed the "best red/green chile" war. While it's name offers no indication that Golden Pride is a contender in the breakfast burrito war, upon reading Yelp reviews, it apparently reigns supreme. I've never fully embraced the concept of a hand-held breakfast, whether it's in a sandwich, pancake, or burrito. I prefer my breakfast on a big plate, preferably from a greasy spoon diner. But I live in Albuquerque now, so I'm trying to get on board. So far, I've deducted that all of the breakfast burritos I've had pretty much taste the same- you got your eggs, your potatoes, and then any other add-in that the joint might offer. It's hard to mess up. With it's numerous choices of breakfast burritos, Golden Pride establishes itself right in the center of the BB war. I did appreciate the Carne Adovada option, because meat with red chile is good. As with other reviews, the quickness and customer service at Golden Pride is spot on. They've nailed that part and it is appreciated. I may never fully embrace the BB phenomenon, but if you like to eat your breakfast out of your hand, Golden Pride is a solid choice. Tasty, cheap, and fast. That's what she said.
<review# 558,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2012,5/8/2013,145,67,1,9,3>If your son(s) or daughter(s) can pass the audition(s) to be on either the S.W.A.T. teams and/or the Celebration Team, you will be glad that the dance teachers share their time and talent to your child(ren) for free!  The only catch is that you must agree to bring your child(ren) to and from each dance rehearsal and each performance throughout the school year, and your child(ren) must have great -- to next to perfect -- attendance.  Of course school comes first, and so that is a given that the dancers must have good grades in order to stay on the NDI-NM dance team.  The dance instructors and staff always give their best, and they lead by example; they are happy to teach all of the children, for this is witnessed by their wonderful attitudes.  I am glad to be blessed to have both of my children on the NDI-NM dance team!  Moreover, the NDI-NM teachers provide dance lessons to teachers, school staff members, and parents in order for those adults to be in the big end-of-the-school year performances; attendance is key, and these lessons are free.  Thank you NDI-NM!
<review# 559,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2013,5/7/2013,14,10,,5,2>Wow! What a hidden treasure. Nestled in a little strip mall, it is some of the best French food I have had in years. The staff was nice, a little uneasy with their French.... but the charming location and wonderful food makes up for it. Started with the frogs legs... delicious!!! For an entree we had the fillet and tarragon chicken. For dessert we had the creme de caramel. Everything was absolutely wonderful and I can't wait to come back again.
<review# 560,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2013,5/6/2013,23,106,1,3,3>Trombino's is the best Italian food Albuquerque has to offer.  I used to work as a server there many years ago and their food has only gotten better.  The portions are huge and worth every penny.  As a former employee I can honestly say that the kitchen was always clean and the food was made fresh.  My favorites are:  Chicken Scallopini, spinach and artichoke dip, lasagna, Strombolis, and fried calamari (it's the BEST in town).  Don't leave without having a dish of spumoni ice cream or their tiramisu.
<review# 561,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2013,5/5/2013,62,114,2,7,3>If you were to leave it up to a nine year old to pick their favorite place to have dinner you would expect to hear Peter Piper, Chuck E Cheese or some place with games and probably mediocre pizza. Well, when I leave it up to my nine year old. I'm always sure he's going to say Joe's Pasta House please!! This place is definitely our go to place for a nice and delicious family dinner. The staff is always very attentive and they make you feel like family. My daughter has gotten a stuffed animal just for being cute, and my son a free dessert for being smart. Every visit has been a pleasant one and our out town family loves going there when they come to visit. I recommend this place to everyone and anyone that I can.
<review# 562,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2013,5/4/2013,39,6,,4,2>Once again Wayne Overall and his mechanic Travis came to my rescue.  I have been without AC in my car since I put in a replacement engine.  I knew I could not take another summer with out AC so I stopped by to have Travis give me the damage.  A lot of other businesses would have hosed me for a new compressor or more - Travis told me a tube was was disconnected and all i needed was the AC to be recharged.  WOW what else can I say Honest as the day is long.
<review# 563,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2013,5/3/2013,75,11,3,5,5>Haha! I love that the one other person who has reviewed this place is my colleague. This place is a hidden goldmine. I had driven past this place for a month or so trying to figure out if it was a legit lunch spot or a drug ring.  I am happy to report it is actually an AMAZING cute sandwich shop. The owner is very kind and their prices are terrific. You can combine a sandwich with a pop and chips for cheap and you feel much more satisfied then if you would have hit up McDonald's down the street. My go to items are the BLT on rye and their breakfast burritos. My only qualm is that they stop serving burritos at 10am so you have to catch them quickly! If you are ever around the movie theater or cruising on Jefferson I would highly suggest them!
<review# 564,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2013,5/2/2013,52,86,2,8,7>This is one of those magical little places that hardly anyone knows about, but those who do swear by. Located in the heart of Albuquerque's Old Town, Antiquity is, at first sight, quite literally nothing but a mysterious red door standing amid an array of mouthwatering scents. Once you duck inside, you're transported to a different time and place. The atmosphere is awesome if you're looking for something intimate. The entire restaurant is made up of small little rooms that only fit a handful of tables (a little scary when it's your turn to look for the restroom!), with candles and white table linens and a sublime menu. The steaks here are amazing, the wine menu is extensive, the service is impeccable,  and the flavor is incredible. One word: GO.
<review# 565,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2013,5/1/2013,18,48,2,4,2>This review is slightly overdue.  A few weeks at least...I first heard about Black Box when cruising the web researching CrossFit in 2010.  I went on to begin CrossFitting on my own in the garage for a year and a half and saw great results.  Fast forward awhile and my wife decides she wants to try CF and I direct here here because the location is optimal for the base and I'd heard good reviews.  She took the free class and loved it.  Then, my neighbor asks about it, so I took him for our (both) first free class.The facility is perfect for CrossFit, they've got the right equipment (Rogue) and good trainers with great intentions.  They have classes for everyone including Oly Weightlifters and Kids.The free class takes you through some simple bodyweight movements and usual Cf programming.  The kicker is, you can keep on taking the free class if you want until you get the gusto to jump into an on ramp class.  There's no pressure to join and genuinely good people all around.I'm sure I'll be back soon to get my CF on.
<review# 566,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2013,4/30/2013,179,284,6,9,5>I love Betty's, that it's close to where I live only adds to my love.  My husband and I go in on occasion and get a couples massage and a private soak.  I like it because it feels like you went on a quick vacation and you're taking care of yourself.  It is small, and I do wish they had a co-ed hot tub, because we would probably go more often.
<review# 567,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2013,4/29/2013,2,1,2,5,3>My husband and I have been waiting years for a restaurant to open in the beautiful old Milagro building in Bernalillo.  We so need more good restaurants in the Placitas/Bernalillo area.  We had the pleasure of visiting Ancient Spirits this week.  The building is beautiful, just as before....wood vigas, latillas, corbels....magnificent interior!  The atmosphere was warm and inviting, with live music in the bar.  The service very friendly and accommodating.  You could tell they wanted you to have an excellent dining experience.  Wonderful large, varied menu with some really terrific  sounding dishes that I look forward to trying.  My husband says the steaks are delicious!  We will definitely be returning often and taking our friends!
<review# 568,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2013,4/28/2013,157,655,3,4,3>I came in yesterday for a quick and painless emissions test. When I arrived, their was a car in front of me but I waited all of one minute before my car was up. The test was quick and seemed to follow the book as far as I could tell. Unfortunately, my car failed the test, but I did receive a printout with the code for the failure and based on that was able to do some research on how to fix my car and pass the test. I did have to pay the $16 for the test despite the failure, but the maintenance guy informed me that I could return when I thought the car was fixed and pay only $10 for a second go-round. Otherwise, he informed me of another site where I could have it done for free.Overall, not much to report, and as far as I can tell that's a good thing. Oh, and in case you're hungry before or after, there's a reportedly good Vietnamese restaurant right next door.
<review# 569,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/23/2012,4/27/2013,33,244,1,7,2>I have a relative who has eaten many of their donuts and convinced me to stop by.  It was just gone 7am when I arrived, but the store was busy with folks like me getting donuts on their way to work.They have 3 types of donut (classic, fancy and I think premium) which have different price points.I got a dozen classic for $10 which is very reasonable in my opinion - there are lots of classic flavors to choose from and so you are not limited when you go that route (you can pay extra to upgrade any of your classic donuts to fancy or premium).I decided to try two donuts myself - the maple granola and the pumpkin (maple was classic, pumpkin a fancy) - the donuts are very light, with surprised me for what I know as a cake donut, not at all greasy and just the right size.  The pumpkin had a cream filling and there was too much of that for me (probably not for other people though).I also got a latte - I felt the prices of their espresso based drinks to be very reasonable) which was good.I will for sure stop by again - as I really wanted to try the maple bacon, but they didn't have any when I was there - and I would encourage folks to forego the national donut chains, at least once in a while, to support a local business that clearly cares about the product they produce.
<review# 570,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/18/2012,4/26/2013,93,123,5,10,5>Great food, ask for Mike as a server (he was excellent)!I know Cobra K. has been dying in anticipation of my review, so here it is.*Knock, knock, knock*"Got the password?"Don't forget to have the password ready when you knock on the unmarked door that leads you to Vernon's Hidden Valley Steakhouse!  The doorman will give you beef if you don't know it, and might not let you in.  ;o)The bf and I had the pleasure of dining at Vernon's to celebrate his, let's say, 21st birthday again.  I had a $100 off $200 Restaurant.com coupon and wanted to use it for a special occasion.  We wanted to try something new, something different, something fun.  So, we chose Vernon's.  It was definitely a unique and memorable experience.  Since we had to order at least $200 worth of food/drink, we ordered a bottle of wine, the scallop appetizer, blue crab cakes, I had the 12 oz filet and the bf ordered the Los Ranchos Star steak (which we were advised was the most flavorful of all the steaks on the menu).  We also ordered a side of the adult mac & cheese and both had the truffle mashed potatoes as our complimentary side.THE GOOD:- BOTTLE OF WINE TO-GO.  Although we like to drink, the bf and I can't finish a whole bottle of wine in one sitting.  Well, we probably could, but it wouldn't be pretty.  We ended up having a glass each and taking the rest of the bottle to-go.  The great thing about Vernon's is that they package the bottle of wine in a plastic bag with your receipt so you can take it home with you.  LOVE this.- AMAZING APPETIZERS!  The scallops and blue crab cakes were really good.  The scallops were sweet, succulent morsels with a pleasant kick from the few specks of chili flakes on top.  They were so tender, not chewy at all!  Didn't even need a knife to cut them.  The blue crab cakes were pretty good too, not as good as the scallops, but pretty good nonetheless.- BEAUTIFULLY COOKED STEAKS.  I ordered the 12 oz filet and was not disappointed at all.  The meat was moist, beautifully pink in the center, cooked to perfection.  The bf loved his Los Ranchos Star and said it was one of the best steaks he's ever had.- TRUFFLE MASHED POTATOES.  I like the fact they used yukon gold potatoes instead of russet and/or red potatoes.  They give mashed potatoes so much more flavor.  And to add truffle oil on top of the yukon gold mashed potatoes-GENIUS.  The truffle oil elevated the mashed potatoes to an entirely different level.  Best mashed potatoes I've ever had.  - ADULT MAC & CHEESE.  This isn't your blue box, Kraft mac & cheese.  They add ham to it and use a rich, hearty cheese that sticks to your gut as soon as you eat it.  It's a guilty pleasure your inner fat kid will thoroughly enjoy.- EXCELLENT SERVICE.  We had Mike as our server, who did an excellent job of explaining which items were his favorite on the menu, making sure we were taken care of, and even gave us a tour of Vernon's after our meal.  He also picked-up on the fact that it was the bf's birthday, and gave us a birthday dessert (although I think we ended up paying $8 for it).  I would definitely recommend requesting Mike as your server at Vernon's (there was another server that was serving the table next to us that seemed really dull, so I think it made me appreciate our server even more).THE BAD:- GRITTY SCALLOPS.  Even though the scallops were SO GOOD, my scallops were gritty, which kind of ruined the dish, but they were so good!  It made me really sad.- GREASY GREENS.  The vegetable side that came with our steaks was a mix of carrots and collard greens.  The carrots were good, but the collard greens were drenched in grease which was really unappetizing.  I can stand some grease, but that was a lot of grease.  I wanted to take my napkin and pat off the grease, but it was a cloth napkin and didn't want to lay a nice, cloth napkin on my "going out" dress afterwards.- PRICING.  Yikes!  I think the food here is excellent, and the service is great, but I feel like the prices are probably preventing more people from coming here more often.  I'd gladly take a 2nd job to support my regular dining ventures at Vernon's if I had the time, but think it'd be more reasonable if they slimmed the prices a little.  An average of $50 for an entree is pretty steep for Albuquerque.  Even with the $100 off $200 coupon, I still ended up paying about $180.  If they cut the pricing a little, I'd be more than happy to give Vernon's 5 stars.ALL-IN-ALL:  If you haven't tried Vernon's, definitely save it for a nice night out and save your money until you go because you'll be reaching deep into your pockets to pay for the meal that night.  I highly recommend the truffle mashed potatoes.
<review# 571,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2013,4/25/2013,34,77,2,5,4>Due to the reviews here on Yelp, I decided to take some coworkers here for a business lunch. First, the wait staff is friendly and happy to help! Because most of us had little experience with the fare, the suggestions were great and helpful.Mostly, the group had Pho which seemed to be a real hit. The serving was generous, and the quality was impressive. The ingredients were very fresh, and the option of adding many of them at the table was a nice feature.We had spring rolls as an appetizer. They were solid, but not something I would go out of my way to order again. The peanut sauce was not what I thought it would be, so overall, a good spring roll. That said, it's hard to make a spring roll fabulous.I had a broken rice dish, that had pork and shrimp. It was really tasty, and I enjoyed the different options. The pork took the show really, it was an unexpected taste surprise and I left wanting more. The rice reminded me of cous cous. It was an interesting texture, and I enjoyed it. The shrimp were good, but smallish. I think I got 4. From a purely aesthetic POV, perhaps use more shrimp or opt for bigger ones to balance the plate. They were more of a distraction.Also, they have no fountain drinks. Everything is in a can. So, while that controls quality and drives revenues, I wonder if they might add value by having a fountain option in lieu of the cans.I will be back,the aroma alone in the restaurant was to die for!
<review# 572,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2013,4/24/2013,14,10,3,8,5>Let me start by saying, my experience at Patricia's was lovely. I cannot think of a single aspect that makes them worthy of any less than five stars. The atmosphere is casual and comfortable, the family is warm and welcoming. You really do feel like you're in someone's home for Sunday brunch. Except it was a Thursday, and we were surrounded by strangers.My beau ordered the carnitas lunch plate and raved about everything from the tender pork to the perfect refried pinto beans. I had the green chile chicken enchiladas, which is as traditional New Mexican as it gets for a native, with an egg on top and a side of pan fried potatoes. The portion was quite impressive, especially for the reasonable price. I got two meals out of it. The enchiladas were filled with moist chunks of chicken breast and layered, the sauce was the traditional soup n' green chile, but done very well. Better than mom used to make. The potatoes were delicious, too! I poured red chile on my dish and couldn't quite tell which was hotter or even which I liked better. The chile was on the hotter side but not hot enough to scare away New Mexican food newbies or friends from out of town. Then again, I have a high tolerance so do not take my word for it. With our meal came sopapillas and quite a lot, at that! They are smaller than most restaurants make them but I loved that. I thought they were perfectly portioned. The texture was spot on and they didn't seem oily. Finally, the natillas. They were fluffy and light, with bits of rice and flavored with a little cinnamon. They're just slightly sweet, ideal after a heavier lunch. Our server, who's name I didn't catch, was very sweet and immensely helpful. When I ordered hot tea and mentioned my awful allergies, she brought me tea from her own personal stash she thought would help. It did! Once again, the prices here are as inexpensive as it gets for quality lunch in the neighborhood. Patricia's lunch is more like a dinner portion so if you want a filling lunch on a budget, you cannot go wrong!
<review# 573,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2013,4/23/2013,11,67,3,4,6>In a recent conversation with another recent transplant to New Mexico, my friend Evan pondered: "Ever notice how every town has a local pizza joint, which is loved by the community, but essentially serves the same plank of pizza as every other joint in every other town." This might be a strange truth of the universe. However, Farina is not that joint.Farina has excellent brick oven pizza. A topic which has been well trodden on these pages; however, for the gluten challenged Farina has gluten free pizza and pasta on the menu. Unfortunately, the gluten free crust is not as sublimely crunchy as the original, but when the choice is no pizza. Then, you of course go for pizza, even if it is gluten free. The excellent fresh ingredients make up for the crust, anyway. Now, if they could get Green's gluten free Belgian beer, I might give them five stars. Hint. Hint.
<review# 574,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2013,4/22/2013,123,1032,5,50,27>There are a few reasons to come to Tim's Place. First, the food: it is delicious. I like almost all the menu items, and their breakfast selections are great. Also, great sandwiches.Second: it's a local business. As much as you might enjoy Denny's or IHOP, try to spread some love to local places that aren't chains. It's good for the economy. Also, did I mention the food is good here?Lastly, Tim. Tim is an inspirational story, but you don't have to feel guilty that you're just eating here because of him. The food is good, the service is outstanding, and he's just the icing on the proverbial cake.
<review# 575,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2013,4/21/2013,57,110,,9,3>The pork belly is delicious and so is the Beef Tenderloin.So this is one of the places in New Mexico that actually serves pork belly and bone marrow and it is not a Chinese restaurant.  I was amazed at the Pork Belly appetizer and according the manager they cook it for 16 hours. It was delicious. Because we went on a Friday night after work we had the opportunity to watch the sunset from our table. I was also amazed at how much vegetation they had grown for their own use. The manager was very courteous, keep coming by to make sure we were all well taken care of. I ordered beef tenderloin for entree and it was delicious as well. This place has my attention, but it is up there in the price ranges,so I would probably have to limit my visits to special occasions only.  But I will definitely come back here to eat.
<review# 576,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2013,4/20/2013,0,1,1,3,3>Anatolia Doner Kabab House has amazing food! I have eaten at Anatolia's on several occasions and i order a different meal each time, and each time my meal is amazing. Whoever said that the portion of meat you receive is small in comparison to the rice is incorrect. A sufficient amount of meat is provided and on top of that mouthwatering flavors.  A bonus on top of the great food is the owners. If you don't like something about the restaurant tell the owner and he will do his best to fix whatever your issue might be. If its your first time going and you're reading this review I highly recommend the Beef Doner Kebab sandwich with a side of Dolmas and the best Baklava you will ever eat.
<review# 577,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2010,4/19/2013,68,11,2,5,3>Fantastic chocolate croissants and a different specialty doughnut every day definitely make this place a must-visit. Chef David Kaufman brags that anything Ben & Jerry's can turn into an ice cream, he can turn into a doughnut, and from what I've seen and tasted that's about right!The Maple Bacon Espresso doughnut is fantastic,  the breakfast burritos are hearty and inexpensive, and the sandwiches for lunch are a good mix of gourmet and comfort food. Daily specials keep it interesting and keep me coming back.
<review# 578,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2013,4/18/2013,47,133,6,8,5>Take a right at the Slim Jim's to enter your very own palace. Carpets are casually attached to the walls in case you feel the need to take a short nap or want to rest your head against something as you gaze up to the cloth covered ceiling. There is a sort of romance that the decor, cigarette counter, and convenience store surroundings create. Although, some of you may not find the atmosphere appealing the food here is delicious. I waited a day to write my review in case I ended up attached to my toilet! That being said I can move into my review in full confidence that you all will enjoy this food as much as I did, and not spend twelve hours attached to your toilet.  I had a falafel sandwich and it was INCREDIBLE.  If I had room I could have eaten five or six of these sandwiches. Their tabouli is also super delicious; I was considering taking some of this home to snack on later. They believe they make their own pita so it is hot, fluffy, and the texture is amazing. Also, you can get a full meal for under ten bucks! Bottom line, the food is the best Middle Eastern food in Albuquerque, and at that price I can't resist. I will be back and I will smile the whole time. Seriously though, it's not romantic. Don't take your date here for valentines day.
<review# 579,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2013,4/17/2013,4,4,3,5,5>I have been a regular at the Range for years and it never gets old or boring.  The Home on the Range for breakfast is Divine.  At lunch time I go between the Chef Salad which is huge and the Chimayo Chicken Sandwich that is totally fab (and huge).  For dinner, I'm all about the Meatloaf.  That mushroom sauce is sooooooo good I could eat a bowl of it.  I really try to not look at the desserts when I walk by the case but my husband often notices the drool running down my mouth and regular surprises me by bring one home.  I am a customer for life!
<review# 580,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2013,4/16/2013,41,129,,6,5>I"m so happy I went here. It is my new salon and I found a person that does an amazing job of cutting and highlighting my hair.  Thank you Mel!  She is a level 1 stylist so her prices are reasonable and she does a great job.  I was not 100% pleased with my last haircut. She listened to my complaints and fixed it!The environment is of the salon is very chill and relaxing.  I love that they have tazo teas there.  The staff and other stylists are helpful and friendly. You can call to schedule appointment or send them an email.Their website has some troubles running in google chrome.
<review# 581,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2013,4/15/2013,102,60,2,8,5>Top score! Easily! Ryde Shack is where its at if you are looking to get fit, drop weight, or are already in good shape but looking for that perfect environment. They've got many class choices including Spin, Yoga, TRX and some where two are combined. The wonderful owners are always present and either leading a class or right next to you on the bike or yoga mat. The true passion for the vision they have created is obvious and inspiring. Its a very welcoming atmosphere! Doesn't matter if its your first time trying a class, they help get their clients settled in to what's going on. Trust me on this because I had never done any of it and I love all of it! Coming from a dislike of corporate gyms I had only worked out at home or run/bicycled on my own before this.I really can't say enough about the instructors here. They make all the difference! No attitudes or overbearing egos. While dishing out great information on form & technique these individuals are true motivators who help you demand more out of yourself. Similar good things can be said about the people that make Ryde Shack their place to exercise. Great sense of community here!So if you are searching for the right fit like I was, well here it is! Set to reopen on January 5 after a remodel that will create more space for TRX and Yoga. Check out the website for a free intro class of your choice. There are some deals being offered. Worth every penny. You need this! Thank you Roy and Amanda!
<review# 582,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2013,4/14/2013,0,1,1,3,3>At the recommendation of a close friend I ate with a few people at Relish in March of 2013. Relish has all the essentials for a great restaurant: wonderfully delicious food, a clean environment, and  a pleasant and knowledgable staff. Their homemade style is refreshing and tasty. When the food arrived at our table the great presentation did not disappoint.I knew that I would be returning to Relish and my nine-year-old cemented my positive experience when he said: "Mom, when are we coming back here? My grilled cheese was awesome." Music to a momma's ears after eating at a non-playground establishment.
<review# 583,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2013,4/12/2013,28,103,2,4,2>Alright, let's be honest here.  The lobby and relaxation rooms need an update.  I suggest you go in expecting that and give these guys a chance.  They give great services and are affordable.  I took my bestie here for her birthday on a Saturday.  I called ahead and scheduled a package for the two of us, telling the nice lady who answered that we were not interested in the "romance" part of the package, but wanted the Sweet Surrender package for $200, which included a 30 minute foot treatment and a one hour massage for two people.  They were happy to accommodate us, and they called with a reminder the day before - which, as a professional space cadet, I truly appreciated.The place is in the NE Heights, which is convenient, and when we showed up I had a moment's pause based on the very neighborhood-appropriate shabby-semi-chic-ness of the parking lot and entrance.  When I walked in, it was a bit claustrophobic.  You are getting better services and prices but you pay for it in low (and I do mean physically LOW) overhead.  The 1940s style stucco home from whence it came has drop ceilings which are then semi-covered in lattice work wtih faux vines laced through them.  Yes, it is certainly cheesy, and if you wish to pay double to get something that looks like a Santa Fe day spa, get down with your bad self.  Or you can just roll with it and you will find that these are some really great people giving a really great service at a really great price.
<review# 584,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2013,4/11/2013,56,108,3,8,6>Just moved to the ABQ and had a serious craving for some donuts. After looking over the list of sugar providers, my husband and I decided to hit up Rebel Donuts.OH.MY.GOODNESS.I can honestly say that Rebel Donuts will have us as customers as long as we're in the area (military). My husband loved the French Toast donut while I was over the moon with Barney Rubble. Our son was drooling over the bacon maple bar and couldn't get enough. The service in the shop was wonderful and the donuts were extremely fresh! We were definitely fatty happy campers!
<review# 585,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2012,4/10/2013,89,325,2,8,6>One of the better places to catch the game or watch a fight and be able to still get some decent food. I've been here several times in my years in Albuquerque and I'm a fan. They have a great beer selection, decent prices, good drinks, friendly staff, and a pretty big menu. This is one of the few bars in ABQ where I can get a salad I really enjoy (fresh romaine, cucumbers, tomato, mushrooms, and grilled chicken) but I can still have a bit of junk food too (try the jalapeño poppers!!!)When they are really busy, the service is a bit iffy, but it doesn't stop me from going there.
<review# 586,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/1/2012,4/9/2013,144,168,3,9,5>This salad girl is all about this new restaurant featuring a myriad of salads, which are, according to their web site, made with "70 percent organic produce," which is locally-grown and artfully presented. Seriously, there isn't a salad here I wouldn't eat. They all sound great, though I played it safe this first visit and had a Garden Salad. The wide open space with high ceilings and bright colors mixed with white walls adds to the inviting atmosphere. It turns out this place is one of two locations, the first one is in Santa Fe. According to their web site, The organic produce is "... grown on owner Erin Wade's bucolic, 10-acre farm - Los Portales - in Nambé, New Mexico, about 20 minutes north of Santa Fe."One minor downside: The Mustard Roasted Potatoes I ordered were a little too greasy for my taste. I don't know if this was a one-time anomaly, or if it's how they prepare them. I have a feeling it's not, because they seem to want to cater to the health-conscious clientele. Sure they're cuisine isn't 100 percent pure and healthy, but it has all the options for those seeking something healthier. The couple sitting next to me ordered desserts, and they looked delectable.I can't wait to go back next.
<review# 587,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2013,4/8/2013,69,414,,5,2>I came here on a Saturday afternoon since Turtle Mountain was packed and was looking to order some good beers. Fat Squirrel has a huge draft list as well as bottled beers. The food is your typical bar food I tried there green chile bacon burger which was pretty awesome since your able to have it cooked to your liking. This place is worth checking out especially for all you Rio Ranchers who don't have a very good selection in bars.
<review# 588,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2013,4/7/2013,9,4,1,5,4>This is what I'm looking for in a yoga studio. Very kind and clear instructors that don't rely too heavily on props. The atmosphere is perfect. Not I overdone but warm and cozy with wood ceilings and real vigas, recessed lighting, earthtone plaster walls and subtle, integrally colored polished concrete floor. As an architect by training atmosphere is important to me. I come here on a regular basis.
<review# 589,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2013,4/6/2013,31,77,2,5,3>Expensive? Yes. But you pay for product quality. If you want to spend less for hormone and pesticide-infested food, this isn't the place for you. These guys are experts at taking healthy things that are crap-free and local and transforming them into fattening, caloric sensations that you'll love. Breakfast is great. Today I tried the newish eggs florentine, sans feta. Delicious. The ranch breakfast and the southwest Bennie are my favorites. For lunch try the Thai steak salad. The enchiladas are non-standard and amazing, add antibiotic free chicken for what you may think is too much money.
<review# 590,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2013,4/5/2013,65,120,,10,5>If you are in Albuquerque and consider yourself meeting 4 out of the following 4 criteria then you need to come here.  1) You are a Foodie   2) You aren't afraid of something off the beaten path   3)  You love your grandma's cooking   4)  You love great Mexican food.This place blew my socks off.There inside dining area is larger than it looks from the front window.  There is a second room to the right side that essentially doubles the seating capacity.
<review# 591,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2012,4/4/2013,151,116,1,6,5>I had never heard of this little bakery until I came across their booth at the Downtown Farmer's Market this morning.  Wow, I can't believe I've been missing out on such amazing pastries!  I was walking by and something caught my eye:  it looked like a slice of bread topped with a yellow pastry cream.  Turns out that it was brioche topped with a thick golden layer of pastry cream.  This is some serious French pastry here, you guys.  We've got biscochitos and green chile cheese bread galore here, but brioche isn't something you see much of here in ABQ.  Suffice it to say, I downed it in a matter of minutes and it tasted as amazing as it looked.  I can't wait to visit their downtown retail location for more of their goodies!
<review# 592,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2012,4/3/2013,14,74,1,4,4>I guess I am echoing everyone's reviews here. $4.50 for a foot long baguette that is tasty and doesn't make you feel guilty, Service is fast and friendly and if the menu seems confusing there are pictures provided to assist you. They also have an interesting assortment of pates, rice balls, and pastries to tempt you. Adjacent and I think owned by Cafe Trang. Not too many places to grab a Vietnamese sandwich in this town-check it out.
<review# 593,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2012,4/2/2013,50,223,1,6,4>When you have a dog was weighs over 110lbs and eats around 40lbs of dry dog food a month, you realize that you spend a good amount of time cleaning up after them.  Having someone else clean up for me during peak work periods is a blessing, and ABQ Paw Pals does a great job. Once a week (or more if I wanted) they would walk in through my unlocked gate, clean up, and head back out without disturbing me.  I never had to worry about a thing.  In addition to pet waste removal they also offer a variety of other dog walking and pet sitting services.  They occasionally offer discounts for six week orders.
<review# 594,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2012,4/1/2013,120,150,1,8,2>When I moved to NM and subsequently married a Native New Mexican, I wondered if I would ever be able to have true fresh seafood I could buy to cook at home. The grocery stores try, and sometimes succeed, but often times I can't get what I want. Nantucket Shoals solves this! Nancy, the owner, has all kinds of different seafood, including fresh lobster, which is what we ventured in looking for yesterday. Unfortunately for us, the lobsters were all spoken for (New Years Eve and all). But we were able to purchase some claws and tails (not to mention some scallops- because they looked so awesome!) so our New Years meal will go off as planned.Note to self- order full Maine lobsters ahead of time for New Years.
<review# 595,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2013,3/31/2013,36,106,1,10,7>I just love this place. My husband and I consider ourselves fairly good cooks, so we normally don't go out for breakfast when we know we can beat the quality of food we're going to get. That being said, we cannot beat Tia Betty Blues. This place always blows my mind and taste buds away. It is that good! My favorite dishes are the breakfast burrito, the breakfast taco, the blue corn waffle boat sweet and the blue corn waffle boat hot. If you have the choice, I recommend you have your breakfast with their red chile. It is hot, but the best I've had in ABQ.The restaurant has its own parking lot and my favorite, it is doggie friendly!
<review# 596,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2013,3/30/2013,33,177,2,8,7>After a recent move to a new storefront in a more upscale part of town, Sergio's returns to truly make your vita a bit more dolce. While its spacious, well-appointed interior and fashionable decor may suggest something a bit more corporate, fear not. Sergio's is a local, family-run establishment specializing in staggeringly delicious pastries, hearty rustic breads, excellent espresso, and a few well-chosen sandwiches. And while name suggests mostly Italian fare, this bakery and cafe offers all sorts of decadent delights from Danish to croissants to empanadas to good old-fashioned doughnuts. Scratch that. Superb old-fashioned doughnuts. The real focus of this place is on the baked goods, which are absolutely heavenly. Everything here is traditional, from scratch, and often very decadent. This certainly isn't a stop for folks watching their weight. However, if you have a sweet tooth and an extra hole on your belt, you can't go wrong with any of the rich treats. Personally, I like the Danish and filled doughnuts the best. In addition to perfectly made pastry, these items feature incredible fillings often in unique combinations. From standard cheese and creme filled to more exotic things like apricot and almond, each pastry has a palette of flavors that exquisitely complement each other without being too sweet or overpowering. The richly buttery, delightfully flaky croissants are also a must-try, as they are among the very best I've ever tasted. On the bread side of things, the fare is also exceptionally good with plenty of flavors for the rustic breads to appeal to any taste. There are also pies, cookies, canoli, buns, and just about any other flour-based concoction you can imagine. The only downside is that these things do not last long sitting out, since they have no preservatives and are made fresh daily. Of course, once you've tasted the food, you'll find it very difficult to let any of it go stale. In fact, if you do let any go stale you should take comfort in the fact that you have far greater self-control than I do.Simply put, Sergio's is the best bakery I have ever been to. What they do there is art. Delicious, butter-laden art. And now they have a beautiful storefront worthy of housing that art. Do yourself a favor and stop in. Your life will indeed be sweetened by it.
<review# 597,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2012,3/29/2013,4,18,8,9,5>Crossfit.This word conjures up so many images.Knee socks, Bandanas, Bacon, Pull ups, Microscopic Shorts, Plate Weights, Chalk, and Bacon. Yes -bacon is worthy of 2 mentions.I've been a member of Burque's active community for a few years (let's get real- gym rat, exercise junkie, person on the Bosque that says on your left waaay louder than deemed necessary). I started hearing more and more about Crossfit and decided to investigate the legit way- YouTube. I was blown away watching these terrifying feats of strength/endurance and immediately thought not my scene. Saying you can't do something is lame- and certainly not how Mr. Rogers raised me to think.I woke up one morning and decided to take the plunge in the world of badassery (yeah that's a word now)I rolled up to Sandia Crossfit thinking "Will I survive? I'm going to be the only person without knee socks....I cant do a pull up if a kittens life depended on it"One free intro class later I was hooked. (Saturday 11-12 free intro hour)Sandia Crossfit is the only gym I've seen that takes "Anyone can crossfit" to heart. The workouts are tailored to your own capabilities, you will be able to participate no matter your fitness background/limitations. The instructors are knowledgable and genuinely want to help you get the most out of the class- quickly offering adjustments, modifications ( or in my case- pushing me to the level I want to be).Classes are an hour comprising of warmup workout, technique work, and lastly a WOD that will give you that endorphin rush you've been jonesing for.They also offer functional yoga  as well as mobility (Mobility is taught by a physical therapist at no extra cost- seriously)Paleo pot lucks, snow shoe outings, swim wods?I can't say enough about my love for this place, the people that run it, or the sport of Crossfit.
<review# 598,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2013,3/28/2013,11,6,1,5,4>BodyLanguage is amazing! I've been going on and off for over 2 years and I love it! Being a workout-at-home type gal, and anti-gym, BodyLanguage was the first place I ever took any kind of fitness class. The classes are unique and intense and I especially enjoy Cathy's classes (but all the ladies are great!). All of the instructors will help you maintain the correct form, and encourage you throughout the tough parts of the workout. You will feel the burn in all the right places! Be prepared to work your muscles until you shake and "quiver"! You'll feel the soreness the next day (or two!) but its actually a great feeling! I was addicted after my first class, which was free! BodyLanguage can be a little pricey ($100 for a month of unlimited classes or $150 for a 10 class series), but its totally worth it and luckily they have had Living Social and Groupon deals here and there. I've taken a few months off, and I'm ready to get back to the "Barre"!
<review# 599,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2013,3/27/2013,20,107,1,4,2>GOK Elementary is a great school!  The teachers are competent and care.  The administrators and staff are accommodating to the concerns and needs of parents.  The facility is brand new and state of the art (built in 2011) and includes two computer labs, a Science, Technology, Engineering and Math (STEM) Lab, a nice Gym, and a first rate Art Room.
<review# 600,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2013,3/26/2013,0,5,4,3,2>Every time I've had to take either my dog or my cat, every one there is so friendly, helpful and organized. There's never been a long waiting period and I know I'm getting the best care in the area. I trust them to do the best they can for my pets and it's great they're close to home.
<review# 601,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2013,3/25/2013,7,25,4,6,4>Love tractor. Five stars for the beer, the view of the Sandias, the food trucks outside, and the puppy patio. Minus one star for the bartenders who consistently leave me waiting to be helped for at least 10 minutes when I stand at the bar. Tip: I know you've seen me when you look straight at me, so it becomes obvious that you are choosing to ignore me when you turn away. If you're going to ignore me- DON'T make eye-contact first. ;)
<review# 602,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2013,3/24/2013,1,11,1,6,2>Went there tonight for ABQ Restaurant Week - limited menu, three courses, $20.  We arrived at 6:30 and were delighted to find out that Happy Hour runs through 7 pm, so $3 off all the Polynesian and tropical drinks.  Mai Tais and Planters Punches were very tasty and pretty strong.As for the food, everything was very good.  The three of us (wife and grandson and I) covered the menu pretty thoroughly.  We had potstickers, lettuce wraps and calamari for appetizers.  They were all delicious and the portions were huge!  Entrees were Pad Thai,  Mongolian Beef and Teriyaki Chicken skewers.  Everything tasted fresh and it was obvious that all the dishes were made from scratch in the kitchen.Desserts are also made in-house (except ice cream and gelato, which are Haagen-Dazs and Talenti, respectively).  The Chocolate Silk cake and the Coconut Macadamia Tart were outstanding.Service was very good, and refills on drinks appeared before we knew they were needed.All in all, a great meal, and we'll definitely be back!
<review# 603,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2013,3/23/2013,1,4,,5,2>I was fortunate enough to have the do-over of a very botched maneki neko done by Rudy Lopez. Unlike a lot of male tattoo artists I've encountered, he is very in touch with the client and what they're feeling. I don't mind pain (it makes me laugh for some reason) and it's part of the experience, but to me a gentle hand is very important. He went back to painful spots (wrist bone especially) a little at a time and made it a completely comfortable experience. He has great taste in art and is a very rad person with an amazing imagination. The staff was all very polite, warm and professional. I will definitely be getting more tattoos here. It was a wonderful experience!
<review# 604,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2013,3/22/2013,0,4,2,2,2>If you know what real chiles rellenos taste like, and you like that kind of authentic quality, this will become one of your favorite spots in town.  If you somehow think chile rellenos are roughly in the same food category as corn dogs, then just forget it and keep going to Garduños or wherever.  For authentic home style New Mexican food, this is the real deal.  If you like the real deal, this is almost a perfect restaurant.
<review# 605,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2013,3/21/2013,50,84,2,3,2>Cake Odyssey provided the cake for my recent wedding. The experience from beginning to end was fantastic with everything coming together on time and on taste.Mmm red velvet cake. Butter cream icing. No fondant. Yes please.
<review# 606,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2013,3/20/2013,21,18,1,8,5>So this little restaurant is a gem.  In the Four Hills/Foothills section of town there is a lack of good eats.  So when this placed opened I was ecstatic.  I've been there nearly 10 times since it opened and I'll keep going back.  The value for the amount of food you get is crazy.  The bento boxes are bountiful platters of goodness.  I've had the salmon and the shrimp bento box.  They come with the main entree, california rolls, salad (seaweed or garden), dumplings, and a drink. Wow!I have also had the fried rice, a noodle dish, and appetizers. All of them consistently hit the spot but my favorite dish by far is the the spicy tuna donburi.  It's simple but delicious.  It has a bed of sushi rice, covered with a generous portion of fresh spicy tuna and a side of wasabi and ginger.  It's like an open faced spicy tuna roll and I could live off of this!  To be honest, it's so much food I rarely finish all of it but I'm always glad to save a little for later. If you haven't been to Wasabi.  Stop in and tell them Robert sent you. :)
<review# 607,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2013,3/19/2013,11,14,,2,1>We had this for our first date night in Albuquerque, needless to say that I was very impressed. I was expecting a bar type atmosphere and found the ambiance like a five star restaurant. We had the fondue which was amazing and very nice for a nice romantic date. GREAT JOB!
<review# 608,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2013,3/18/2013,9,9,1,4,2>Ate last nite with my wife and mom and dad. They all had the combination plates each of them their own way and I had the large bowl if posole. I was jealous of their reactions to their food how much they were enjoying it. That was till mine cooled enough to eat it. Fantastic is not enough of a complement to give. Chock full of tender juicy pieces of pork in a savory and just hot enough chile broth. Hominy cooked just right and I barely managed to finish it all. My family gorged on rice, beans, chile rellenos, tacos three different ways, enchiladas and chimichangas. We left very full and happy. I recommend this to anyone who wants real Mexican food.
<review# 609,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2013,3/17/2013,4,56,,5,2>Stopped in for a Johnny Cash Cover band and fell in love.. The drinks were very reasonable (2.50 for bud bottle) and fresh. The bar was fully staffed and never did I have to wait for a refill. Typical center stage but still cozy, small dance floor but main area isn't over crowded with tables/chairs. Seems they have bands almost everynight with open-mic happy hour.Met some very fun people and danced a lot.
<review# 610,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2013,3/16/2013,2,67,,2,1>Great tasting chicken at a good price. I went with the half chicken meal and it was more than enough. Next time the quarter chicken will do. The service was much more than I would have expected for this place. I was asked several times if I needed anything and when I did they were quick to meet my needs.
<review# 611,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2012,3/15/2013,39,137,2,10,8>Just had the pleasure of visiting this bakery for the first time at the new location off of San Pedro. Upon entering, I was almost certain I was going to order some sort of sugary, confectionery goodness with cream inside or frosting on top. Instead, I opted for one of the handmade breakfast sandwiches, and boy was I impressed!  I ordered a sausage, Gouda, egg and green chili, with a small Chai tea.The sandwich was seriously one of the best breakfast sandwich's I've ever tasted! The cheese was warm and melty, the green chili had just enough kick, and the roll was soft (which is rare most places). Staff was friendly, atmosphere cozy and prices reasonable!  Needless to say, I will be back.. SOON!
<review# 612,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2012,3/14/2013,69,171,5,12,6>The thing that was most clear to me after talking to the owner and the manager and the guy kindly clearing clutter off my table, is that these guys are dreamers and they are committed to boosting hotdogs to the next level.  I appreciate people who are passionate about what they do whether its power lifting or tuba playing or hotdog chic.I tried the B&B: beer soaked bratwurst with beets, goat cheese, and mint.  First of all, thank you UHC, for understanding that even people who eat hotdogs require nutrition and are capable of tasting food.  There are several subtle and well conceived layers of flavor on this one.  I had to chuck the bun which was upstaging the brat and drowning out the other flavors.  Taken this way, it was a very nice combination, but according to official Coney Island rules, in order to technically count you have to eat the hotdog and the bun.  I would like to see softer more flavorful and complimentary bread products to go with such a fancy dog.  (this is not the kinda low brow joint where people get away with dunking their bun in their water and swallowing it whole.)I tried the crafty which was a grilled Nathan's 6 to 1 (that means a little larger), topped with mac and cheese and bacon.  This is the perfect comfort food.  Women, if you've noticed that your man is coming home late from work, it may not be another woman, it may very well be the hotdog that has come between you.  Unlike the B&B, I had no issues with the bun on this one as the recipe calls for white bread.I promised my wife that there would be something for her too.  She had the all vegetarian curry which is not a dog but curry marinated tofu in a hot dog bun.  Here again, like a tuba player in a power lifting competition, the bun did not boost the food.  Not all white breads are equal.Finally, I always make the point of tasting the chile and the chili because as a New Mexican you can't know a restaurant without knowing their chile.  The green chile is excellent, here's why.  They roast it fresh on the grill before it goes on your dog.  You know when you come home in September with a fresh sack of roasted chile and you bag it for the year?  Their chile has that same incredible smell of nostalgia and pain.
<review# 613,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2012,3/13/2013,16,95,2,9,5>Definitely an above average, classy New Mexican place.Walking in the first thing we noticed was the live music, a one man band playing jazz and some other pleasant background music.  Definitely set the mood but in background not interrupting conversations.  The restaurant is classy with nice colors and decoration.  The bar looked cool but not very big.Service was perfect.  The waiter offered drinks, took our order perfect, didn't mix anything up, and checked in on us.  I didn't order one but I tried a couple of the margaritas and they were really good.  The Prickly-Pear one is really sweet if that is your thing.  The Cucumber Margarita is less sweet and really good and unique.  Chips, salsa, and beans came out with the drinks and were good.  The tortillas were very fresh.I ordered the combo platter which had a cheese enchilada, pork tamale and beef taco.  All three items were excellent and were very fresh.  Many time New Mexican food tastes like it was made the day before or earlier but not here.  I had green chile which I thought had the exact right amount of heat.  Enough that its spicy and clears your sinuses but not so much that you can't taste the food.  I also tried my wife's tacos al pastor which I thought were incredible.  For sides I had the green chile mashed potatoes and calabacitas.  Both great but I particularly liked the calabacitas because they were fresh and a little crispy not soggy and mushy.The only reason I didn't give 5 stars was because they didn't have anything particularly creative or original.  Everything is standard New Mexican fare which you can get at so many places in ABQ.  Based on how well everything else was done, I wish they had one or two items on the menu or specials that were more outside of the box.
<review# 614,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2013,3/12/2013,92,147,2,11,6>My wife and I had heard this place was finally open in 1/2 of the space formerly occupied by an Italian joint. As we walked by and peeked in, one of the wait-staff encouraged us to come in and check out the menu. She was quite friendly and offered to answer any questions. She also invited us to stay for a beer. We'd been to dinner at a vegan place earlier and I was still hungry, so I said: "sure"!To start, this place has an amazing beer selection. If it's brewed in New Mexico, they have it! The prices were also good.As the name B2B (Burgers 2 Beers) implies, they have burgers: local beef and several styles, be it NM-style chile to Texas, "fancy" with mushrooms, etc. The first time I went here I got something with an egg (who doesn't like an egg on their burger?)  and it was awesome. The fries, a combo of regular, sweet & purple, were perfectly seasoned. They have a bunch of dipping sauces, but I've yet to venture out.If you're looking for a burger & beer in Nob Hill, these guys have you covered!
<review# 615,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2012,3/11/2013,15,103,1,4,4>While I have drank beer here many times before, yesterday was the first time I ate - it was AWESOME.  I would love to write about each item, but we had a large group and just sampled some of everything.  I also dig a joint that has Sunday ticket, and just hands the remote to the guests - silly, but awesome!  Their IPA is pretty good, and my wife loves the white ale. You can, of course, try the chicken and waffles.  But the southern-fried pork steak was incredible.
<review# 616,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2013,3/10/2013,0,3,1,2,2>I have used El Dorado Tailoring for at least 8 years. The service has always been friendly and first-rate. They have done everything from simple to very complex alterations. They have made cushions, pillows and even a slip from only a rough sketch or just a verbal description of what I was looking for. I recommend them very highly.
<review# 617,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2013,3/9/2013,34,128,,2,1>Ok let me start with the fact we have been trying to eat here forever.  The place was packed on a Wednesday night. We waited 10 minutes for a table and it was well worth it. Chips and salsa are free ( first round) chips were hot and crisp and the two salsas were fresh with just a hint of heat. I had the house margarita ($5 it's as steal!). Not too sweet, perfect amount of lime.  Hubby had a negro model on tap ($5)We split the queso fundido with the poblano rajas (strips) with corn tortillas.  Nothing says love like a bowl of melted cheese and chili. I could not decide between the fish or shrimp tacos...so I asked out server if I could have two of each...a cheery yes was the answer...The fish tacos had perfect amount of spice..cod was cooked perfectly ( grilled not deep fried-- thank you!). The shrimp tacos were spicy..the pickled cabbage was crispy and slightly sour. Nice acidity..Hubby had two tacos al pastor- yikes if you don't like heat-- the flavor of the pork was amazing..tender-- the sweet pineapple added the right amount of sweetness and acid, but I love spicy and these were HOT!  The steak tacos must have been terrific as I wasn't even offered a bite!We had a wonderful meal and the lively atmosphere was funLooking forward to our next visitBtw this is a Mexican restaurant NOT New Mexican... The country of Mexico is large and has many regional cuisines. This is a  great representation of one region.
<review# 618,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2013,3/8/2013,6,21,1,3,2>Sophia's is a recommended location by The Food Networks Diners, Drive-in's and Dives. My husband heard about this place from a coworker, stopped in on his last business trip in September of 2012 and has been talking about it ever since. I accompanied him on his most recent trip to NM and during our whole drive in all he talked about was how good the food is and how Sophia's was calling his name. We stopped in and he recommended the smothered tortilla burger. It's similar to a Mexican hamburger minus the beans and pork green chile. In my opinion the tortilla burger was ten times better than a Mexican hamburger. It had a tasty grilled burger, delicious homemade tortilla smothered with fresh roasted red and green chilies. They serve it with a perfectly dressed side salad and fries. Their menu consist of a full variety of items including salads and sandwiches. I highly suggest you stop in Sophia's if you are near by.
<review# 619,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2013,3/7/2013,17,13,1,2,2>Let's be honest. I'm not a big Vietnamese connoisseur. So take my review for what it's worth (less than 2 cents probably). Vietnamese food, in my personnel opinion, is all made/taste the same. Perhaps I'm speaking for just the Albuquerque area. Or maybe my senses are just not apt to picking up the flavorings Vietnamese use in their cooking. So your probably asking, "why did I even review and rate this place?" Well, for a few reasons actually. I needed to give credit where credit is due. Can we begin? *credit* For starters the staff was super duper friendly and courteous. The place was clean and decorated nice. A little cool but throw a light sweater on and your fine.  I enjoy me some rice noodles, pork, and spring rolls. Probably about the extent of what I usually get at Vietnamese eateries. All were prepared and tasted as I expected. I do need to give props to the "spicy pork" that I ordered in one of the spring rolls. Twas well seasoned, just the right amount of spiciness to it AND it was very delicious. I can see myself ordering a few of those for take out. *credit*Don't be an old stick in the mud (like me), but try this place out for yourself. I would say it is worth a visit. Oh, one more thing! I know I am doing this place a favor by stating this. Viet Q is open 7 days a week till 9pm!!! Their sign is not illuminated so I can see how people would miss it.
<review# 620,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2013,3/6/2013,0,1,1,4,4>Terrific! As always!  One of my favorite places .  Food is always excellent, service is great, and always friendly wait staff.  An excellent restaurant for a pleasant evening.  We enjoy having a place to go for excellent food and courteous and friendly service.  Everything we have tried has been delicious, the blue corn creations are magnificent,  the steaks are to die for.  It is difficult to say enought good things about this restuarant..
<review# 621,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2013,3/5/2013,2,12,1,3,3>Rich knows his stuff. I read the reviews here, and decided to try him out. I couldn't agree more with the other reviews. Rich truly cares about his customers and pays attention to detail. I walked away feeling good and happy with my haircut. Go to this place over Supercuts/Whatever, you'll be happy. He knows how to straight shave and spends the time it takes to take care of the details. Give him a call to set up a time.
<review# 622,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2012,3/4/2013,28,96,3,3,3>Three generations of my family have been going to Lin's for as long as I can remember, it is and will always be our neighborhood Chinese restaurant.  Yuki is amazing and truly caters to her customers.  Our favorite is always the shrimp fried rice, the shrimp egg foo young and the kids always get the C3 Chef's special (chicken lo mein, sweet & sour chicken & egg roll).  You can always expect quality and consistency with their food - a reason we will always support Lin's!
<review# 623,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2013,3/3/2013,7,7,1,6,3>Great atmosphere, very friendly! The scone that I had was delicious and it was very pleasant sitting inside reading while the temperatures fell outside. I came here because of the Bug Deal program (highly recommended) and also word of mouth from friends. I also deliver papers here later at night and have seen some events where everybody looks like they are having a blast. Best coffee stop on the westside in my opinion.
<review# 624,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2012,3/2/2013,59,79,4,4,3>Ohmygodohmygodohmygod!!! You know that feeling you get when you fall in love? Like, all butterflies in the tummy and happy and floaty? THIS is how I felt after leaving Chop Hair! First of all, you should know that I walked in looking like a 12 year old skater boy. I had 8 inches cut off last December, and, because the inital cut was so, so bad, went to a few different stylists (all in Denver), in an attempt to get it right. When your hair was once halfway down your back, and pretty much your pride and joy, you do not want to go from that to looking like a 12 year old boy. You just don't. I finally gave up on the idea of getting SOME sort of cut that would make me look cute (and like a girl) and was resigned to the fact that I just had to let it grow and be grateful that at least I could get it back into a little ponytail. It did need a little maintanence, however, thanks to my abuse of styling tools to make it look less skater-boyee. I called Kaily and poured out my saddeststoryever and she got me in right away. She knew exactly what to do to get it back in shape and to allow it to grow to my initial image of the cut I wanted way back in December. And even though it's not there yet, I really love the cut. And, oh yeah- my hair is thick and ca-urly and Kaily (pretty sure she's a hair angel) took it on like. It. Was. Her. Job. Which it was, but I could tell she really cared about my dilemma, which doesn't happen with many stylists. I'm changing my stylist relationship status to "In a Committed Relationship". Merci, Kaily!
<review# 625,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2013,3/1/2013,122,177,2,7,7>I need to get my ears lowered and being new to Albuquerque I didn't know where to start looking.  It took me years to find a good barber in Las Vegas.  I was talking to and old friend of mine that lives in Albuquerque now and he was on his way to get a haircut.  This was a good opportunity to get a good recommendation.  He told me to go see Zeke at First Class because he was the best in town.  I arrived at the shop on a Friday afternoon.  I was pretty sure it would be packed and it was.  Which is a good sign.  It was your standard barber shop with the old fashioned chairs and straight razor shaving.  although there were televisions everywhere all playing sports.  There were more barbers than I thought would fit in this shop.  I felt kind of bad because I wanted to wait for Zeke.  So did a few other people in front of me.  I waited, but I really didn't have anywhere else to go.  It was no big deal, I like hearing all the talking and interacation between the whole shop.  When my turn came Zeke worked his magic.  This was the best haircut I have ever had.  I didn't really have to explain how I wanted it cut.  I gave him the idea and how short I wanted the cut and away he went.  If you are in the area or if you are looking for a great barber shop then you have to visit First Class Barber Shop.  The other barbers are just as great.  The price is reasonable too.  Cheers!
<review# 626,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2012,2/28/2013,67,177,2,9,6>I am writing this review because I want to support this fantastic local business/idea.... But it's hard because I also want to keep it all to myself so it doesn't get too big.....like when your favorite band becomes mainstream you want to be happy for their success but hate that you can't see them in a small venue anymore...I'm just scared this great group will lose its magic if it gets too big and "famous"... Anyway here goes...I was so excited when I found out ABQ had an underground dinner scene... I forgot how I found out about this group but was fortunate enough to be at their first dinner. They really think of everything... We had an amazing starter cocktail, amuse, 3 course meal, dessert and coffee. They also have some sort of entertainment for each dinner and we have been impressed by all the local acts they bring in. Especially the fire dancers at their fire themed meal! All the food we had at the meals was inventive and good sized portions. There were definitely ones we thought were better than others but generally everything was prepared with such care and homage to the theme of whatever the dinner was. Love that alcohol is included because they know what to pair with every dish so you don't have to think about what to order! I always leave these dinners slightly tipsy and totally full to the brim! We also usually have some good conversation with the people at out table which is a great way to network and meet other people who are also obsessed with good food and dining experiences... I wish we could have gone to all the meals... The only reasons we haven't were due to travel conflicts being out of town, etc...like I wish I could go to the autumn harvest meal this month but will be out of town! Ugh so mad about this as fall cooking is my absolute favorite! As long as they keep up what they are doing, they will go far... Their care at preparing themed dinners, great service, attention to  detail, etc...They are one of my favorite things about Albuquerque..
<review# 627,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2013,2/27/2013,5,43,1,3,3>If you have not tried this place, get a reservation and go.  I have eaten here 3 times in the last 2 years, and so far they have served me personally 3 of my all time favorite dishes.  Best Ribeye EVER! (That was on a special last year).  Our latest visit actually produced 2: Best Fish entree EVER (Wrapped Grouper)Best Tiramisu EVER!Seriously great food!
<review# 628,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2013,2/26/2013,18,13,1,4,3>While New Mexico may not be well known for their ability to produce good wines, Milagro Vineyards puts it on the map.The setting is perfect for a little escape from ABQ in the Village of Corrales. They have about eight quality wines that are available for tasting. The staff is extremely friendly and helpful in finding a wine that you will enjoy. Be sure to bring a picnic along and eat on the patio. There are several tables outside for you to take in the views of the Sandia Mountains while you enjoy a glass of your favorite after a tasting. They also have a past of rescuing potbelly pigs (hence their great logo), but now they have moved over to Boston Terriers - be sure to say hi to Dottie.Overall, Milagro is my favorite NM winery for its great product, friendly staff, and wonderful location.
<review# 629,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2013,2/25/2013,0,7,3,6,4>I am a firm believer in the importance of atmosphere and the Monte Carlo has an abundance of it! This place serves as a substitute for my old favorite....The Townhouse. I know, the Townhouse has reopened, but it isn't the same.  Very sad. I don't think this is the best steakhouse in Albuquerque but they have good steaks, prime rib, and burgers and it is a ton of fun. They will accomodate a large party (with a reservation) which makes it a great place for a celebration. Full bar and package liquors attached. It is definitely a relic, but for those of us from Albuquerque, it's a fun reminder of growing up here.Check it out!! It's fun!
<review# 630,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2013,2/24/2013,52,86,1,5,2>We've only visited once, but we're definitely going to visit again. Everything we ordered was fantastic, the service was great, and the atmosphere is awesome. The prices aren't bad either. If you're looking for a semi-dim atmospheric experience that'll serve up awesome food, check out Nob Hill Bar & Grill. Our only gripe is the parking... but it's on Central, so what do you expect?
<review# 631,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2013,2/23/2013,62,114,3,3,3>About every month and a half or so, my eyebrows start looking like two very hungry caterpillars about to rumble. So about every month and a half or so I have to pay a visit to Mandy V to tame them. I don't just trust anyone to shape my eyebrows because I have left places looking not so hot. Mandy V has very reasonable prices and I like that I can pop in without an appointment and will get tended to quickly. I only let Amanda do my eyebrows because she is great at it. I highly recommend this place for a quick eyebrow tame.
<review# 632,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/28/2012,2/22/2013,179,284,1,6,3>I was in Arizona Tile last week, looking at granite.  They have a great selection of slabs, as well as lots of interesting tiles.  And, as a bonus, you get to wear a hard hat when your in their warehouse.  I'm not yet sure about the pricing, hence the 4 stars, but the showroom was awesome.  Great for ideas and wild flights of imagination.
<review# 633,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2013,2/21/2013,42,46,2,3,2>O, O'Niells! This location boosts a large patio with smoking and non smoking options. During the winter months half of it is enclosed and heated to add additional seating. O'Niells is always clean and the staff is always friendly. It is an Irish pub but the selections for food vary greatly. I have had many delicious dishes paired with top beers. My favorites include the club sandwich, nachos, chili cheese fries and their O'Niels Burger. It's the perfect environment for hanging out with friends or co-workers, catching a game on one of the TV's or enjoying  a drink on a warm summer day. Also to note is that they host Geeks Who Drink events which are always loads of fun. Check out the geeks who drink site for more info. Happy Eating and Drinking!
<review# 634,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2012,2/20/2013,81,210,3,10,8>The city of Albuquerque (and the sign) say that this is McDuffie Park. However, locals know it as "Hidden Park"...and for good reason.This is an awesome place to get some alone time and feel kinda like you're in Narnia. You can't park in a parking lot and roll right up. You have to park right outside someone's house and then look for a small path that leads to the hidden cache of green and shade. When you're there, you can't see any streets (or people usually); It is completely surrounded by peoples' back yard walls. I have a special love for this park because my husband took me on our first date so that we could have some peace and quiet to chat. Nine months later, he proposed at Hidden Park.
<review# 635,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2013,2/19/2013,22,70,2,6,5>4.25 stars :) $4 for a pint!Love the decor, minimalist and modern without oozing trendyness. The Cottonwood leaf and homage to the Bosque is a nice touch which adds a local feel. All of their offerings are solid brews with varying levels of character. My favorite is the Porter, followed by the Scotch Ale. They recently brewed a single hop American Pale Ale (Bosque Boss) which features hops from the De Smelt Farm in Bosque Farms, NM. I truly appreciate them using a locally grown hop to brew a beer. Marble Brewery brews a similar single hop American Pale Ale using hops from De Smelt Farms. The Bosque Brewing version was superior than the Marble variant in clarity, nose, depth, and flavor! Their IPA is a refreshing change from the hop bombs that frequent the ABQ brewing scene. The beer at Bosque Brewing is more malt forward (similar to Nexus) than the other players in town. The Mellow Brit (brown), Scotia (Scotch), and Olde Boskey (Porter) reflect this. I hope that they stick with brewing malt forward beers and do not get lured into an IPA competition with the other breweries/ brewpubs. It's nice to have a change of pace here in the Duke City in terms of a brewpub focusing on something besides the hops.One night we discussed the beers at Bosque Brewing over a couple pints of Exodus IPA at Il Vicino Canteen. The common theme of the discussion comments: the beer at Bosque didn't have any personality. Everyone liked Bosque beers, but when people start off with a description of a beer with it's clean... that might be a problem. Using terms such as clean is appropriate to rating and reviewing homebrew, not a beer brewed at a brewpub. To expand upon this, you will never hear anyone describe Marble IPA as clean. My honest impression is that their beers are mid-range with minimal depth, in that they will satisfy and not be overwhelming to the casual beer drinker, while at the same time a craft beer enthusiast will find an offering that satisfies their demanding palate.The food options are comparable to Il Vicino canteen. I have tried 3 different sandwiches and they are decent. Like the use of bright white ceramic plates and bowls, which lend a touch of class to an already nice establishment. Wish they offered different sides than those kettle chips. The chips seem out of character with the image that is being presented. Perhaps those chips should be paired with a kosher pickle spear, along with a couple slices of high quality green chile cheddar cheese? That's worth $9- otherwise all of their sandwich offerings are priced $1 over an acceptable sandwich pricepoint.Last time I stopped by, one of the co-owners (Jared) stopped by to watch the UNM basketball game and enjoy a pint. We talked for quite some time about college basketball, the ever expanding beer community in ABQ, and business in general. I was left with the impression that he is an all around decent chap, which reflects my overall feelings for Bosque Brewing: all around decent.Nice place, give it a try!
<review# 636,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2013,2/18/2013,23,88,1,4,2>I know, I'm a bad New Mexican never having eaten at Monroe's. Now that I have, I think I'm in love! I ordered the fajita quesadilla because I couldn't decide what I wanted, so why not a combination food? It was awesome. I am a picky eater who takes everything apart, but this was perfect, no picking required. Absolutely delicious. What I didn't like was the chaos in the dining room. There wasn't really one waiter or waitress for our table so it was kind of like catch someone in an apron when you needed something. As a carry out location, this place is a potluck staple at my work. A plate of tequitos from Monroe's is always a hit and always the first to run out. Over all awesome if you don't mind trying to catch fast moving servers.
<review# 637,isUSA=TRUE,2.0,2/8/2013,2/17/2013,5,40,,3,1>Edit: The last two times I've been here its been dead. Really strange.  I won't be back...I have never had a bad time here. It gets packed so go early if you can to get a seat. Lots of seating space.  Have been here for volleyball, a bachelorette party, and even once saw a polka band place.  The crowd is always good and the staff...okay they can be a bit snobby, but still are fairly nice.
<review# 638,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2012,2/16/2013,157,655,4,10,8>This place is awesome. So glad we found it, especially since it's so close to home. Sadly, that says something about home that we're so close to the War Zone and the evilest corporation to ever regularly get my money: Wal-Mart. I digress, though.This place won me over the moment I saw they had Japanese craft beer on the menu. Of course I had to order and opted for the porter. I tell no lies, so believe me when I say this porter was one of the best I've ever had. It turns out, the brewer for this brand, Yoho Brewing, is from Nagano but brewed for Stone Brewing previously. So bottom line is this place gets major cool points for this.But on to the food, there's a reason why it's called Fareast Fuzion, in that there are a number of different cuisines available. I spoke to the owner and it turns out he is from Laos---pretty damn cool. But my wife and I didn't want anything but sushi, being that it had been months since we'd had any (it was in NYC we'd last had it).We got the salmon and shrimp tempura rolls and a roll that included salmon and green chile and all were outstanding. The inclusion of green chile and nod to us New Mexicans was a great touch and this roll was the real show stealer. I almost went back again a day later because the food was so good. And lest I forget to mention, the completely reasonable prices made the food taste even beter: the tempura rolls were around $7.50 each and the green chile roll was around $12-13. But before I hear any griping, let me say, this roll was massive and again well worth the money. Plus, we each received soup to start with, miso for her, egg drop for me, and we both remarked how tasty they were.When the bill came, it was all under $40, which is a great success for both my wallet and my belly. I truly can't wait to go back.
<review# 639,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2013,2/15/2013,19,27,2,5,3>The chicken fried steak is made from scratch and is about the size of a small pizza (see posted pic). Their prices are dirt cheap and the waitstaff is unfailingly friendly.No further commentary necessary.EDIT: Here's a scan of their menu:scribd.com/doc/127966179
<review# 640,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2012,2/14/2013,93,123,11,10,10>Smoked turkey leg!  Sweet.Baby.Jesus.If you end up going to The Cube, you gotta try their smoked turkey leg!  Even though it counts as 2 meats for their meal deals, it's SO worth it!My first time here we used a gift certificate I won from a Yelp Elite costume contest.  (I won by default because I was the only one that dressed up.  Oh we'll, I'll take it!)  We ended up getting way more than we could eat in one sitting: half rack dry rub ribs, turkey leg, sweet potato pie with homemade vanilla whip cream (which was sooooooo good!), BBQ beans, sweet potato mash, mac 'n cheese, corn muffins.  Everything was great!  My favorites were the mac 'n cheese and turkey leg.If you go to The Cube, order the smoked turkey leg!  You won't be disappointed!
<review# 641,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2013,2/13/2013,34,77,2,6,5>I get to be the first review! Brenda's makes  wonderful brittle! I happened to be in the area and walked by. I looked it up on yelp and did not see a review so I decided I needed to get the ball rolling! First, the counter person was friendly and helpful! I tried a green chile pecan and red chile pecan brittle. Both were great, and while I preferred the red chile, the green chile was vibrant and really stood out in the brittle. I purchased the red chile pecan brittle after the sample. First, the taste of the red chile is there, but in a subtle manner. It's important to remember that this candy is basically sugar, more sugar, a little more sugar, some pecans, and some red chile. That said, you can clearly taste all of the elements from the caramel sweet brittle itself, the pecans, and finally the chile. Nothing overwhelms the taste or dominates. Rather, it just "is". Finally, about ten seconds or so after swallowing, a slight hint of heat can be felt. It does not linger, and it certainly is not uncomfortable. It is more like a warm reminder that there is New Mexico in that candy!The brittle can be found elsewhere (sprouts as an example) and the store front is very small. I wanted to give it 5 stars but the merchandising was not great. There was no product in the glass shelves, and the brittle that was available was already bagged in a sack that is black with a small window to see the contents (perhaps to keep product fresh and out of sunlight)? the bags were behind a counter and not easily seen. It was difficult to figure out what was available. That said, while it is a retail store, it felt more like a wholesale front.I found out that the owner is into fitness as a personal trainer, and the brittle, while certainly not on anyone's "diet," does not have butter in the recipe. They also have Splenda options to reduce calories by 50%. To top it off, it's gluten free!The candy costs about $19 a pound. Not cheap, but if you are getting a fresh product made simply that's really good, you are going to have to pay some money! This was worth the stop and I will look for it in other stores and plan to come back!
<review# 642,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2013,2/12/2013,123,1032,7,8,5>This place is super-swanky. I think that somewhere it might even be called an ultra lounge. Whatever that means. Think fancy, low lighting, a glass waterfall bar, something that you might see in a rap video.We just came for the restaurant area, and it was not bad. I liked my steak just fine (it was cooked right) and the specials were interesting. The wine list was nice, and you have the whole bar to work with.Service was good, on top of things. Eclectic crowd of locals gettin' all gussied up (think UNM girls in miniskirts with their boyfriends) and confused out of towners who are wondering why they're there.
<review# 643,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/1/2013,2/11/2013,33,244,3,4,4>We were invited to one of El Pinto's Matanzas (whole roasted pig) - it was very tasty and a fun change.If you sign up for the El Pinto email newsletter (The Muse it is called I think) then you will get a heads up for events like this.Guacamole & queso were available for you to help yourself.  Once the pork was ready it was served to you with all the side buffet style (we had potatoes, beans, corn succotash, red & green chile, chicarrones and corn & flour tortillas).The service was very good (as it usually is at El Pinto) and their sopapillas are great - with real organic honey on the table (not "watered down" with high fructose corn syrup!)
<review# 644,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2013,2/10/2013,52,169,1,4,2>I've been meaning to drop by for lunch for a while now and am glad that I finally did.  I ordered the blue cheese burger, which comes with smoked bacon, and was excellent.  The burger was just the right size and not greasy at all.  It had lots of flavor, but didn't leave me feeling like a slob after I ate it.  I would've preferred that it was slightly more rare, but that's just a small complaint.My wife and I also split an order of fries (half order or regular fries and half order of sweet potato fries).  Both were cooked just right, and also not greasy at all.I was on my lunch break so I didn't get to enjoy any beers, but I did notice that they have a small, but nice, variety of beers on tap.Our server was really friendly and the food was ready in no time, so I was really pleased with the service.  I think next time I'll check out the green chile burger.
<review# 645,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2013,2/9/2013,47,133,5,4,3>I doubted Menchies, not only because I'm not that fond of healthy sweets, but because it was far away. How could I, someone who lives and breathes Nob Hill, love something so far away? My friend swore by it, and a group of us met him there to exchange a pair of handcuffs for a Halloween costume, or so I think... Anyways, I excitedly wobble up to the spouts that dispense this godly treat, because who doesn't wobble when dessert is involved? As I looked over and watched my gang dispense all these flavors, including tart flavors(which I made a face about and then later regretted my face), fruity flavors, chocolaty flavors, and toppings, I was kind of excited. I sat down with my spoon that has a little cone filled with a smiling turd on it I put that frozen yogurt in my face. I shoved it all in my face, and even started shoving other peoples frozen yogurt in my face, I wanted it all, and I needed it all. What probably appeared to be a scene from Spirited Away I became faceless, a monster, that would probably attempt to eat my friends if I had any inclination that they tasted as good as the frozen yogurt I was putting in my face. I have found myself looking for reasons to drive to the West Side just so I can "accidently" stop and get some frozen yogurt. I want to kiss and curse the day my friend was ever born, because without him I wouldn't have found this place. Yummy yummy yummy!
<review# 646,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2013,2/8/2013,17,127,2,4,3>So I am picking up my dry cleaning and as I leave I smell this incredible smell.  I've been here a dozen times, and been curious about Thai Vegan and who goes in there, but now I must go try this stuff I'm smelling.  There are never really any cars there, but the inside is packed!  I'm still a little apprehensive because vegan is not my style, but order the pad Thai, and it is delish!  I would like to go again and try something different.  Was a pleasant surprise.
<review# 647,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2013,2/7/2013,4,11,1,4,4>I've been to Gold Street probably 4 times for breakfast now and feel I have a good idea of their menu items. I have never had anything off the menu that wasn't amazingly delicious.Their belgian waffle was crunchy and sweet, the Southwestern Eggs Benedict was amazing, the Breakfast Burrito was huge and swimming with delicious ingredients. The omelet was pretty standard fare (still very good). The pancakes were perfectly cooked, so light and fluffy yet slightly crispy from the griddle too.The real star of the show for me is their Chile Glazed Bacon. I order it with any breakfast entree I order, it is that good. Bathed in a smoky sweet chile glaze and cooked to perfection, this bacon is seriously worth the trip alone.The service is always impeccable and the little cafe moves a lot of people so the wait is never long!MUST VISIT FOLKS! We haven't been for dinner but will try to go back sometime!
<review# 648,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2013,2/6/2013,33,118,2,5,5>Take in a show and a piece of Albuquerque history at the Kimo Theatre--one of the city's true treasures. This place always holds a place of nostalgia for me, as I've been coming here since I was a child. Indeed, the theater is one of the city's oldest, built in 1925 by Oreste Bachechi, a successful local merchant. The hired architect scoured New Mexico for design inspiration and the theater's "Pueblo Deco" style is reflective of the state's unique cultural heritage.The theater has a wonderful character and charm, mirrored in its many productions of theater, dance, film, and even magic! My boyfriend and I attended the 2nd Annual Albuquerque Magic Show recently and had a blast. The talent was incredibly impressive and it was a truly magical night. See albuquerquemagicshow.com for the next show!Check out their website for their latest listings of shows and performances. Perfect date night!
<review# 649,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2013,2/5/2013,28,50,2,4,6>I really like this place. It has a pretty chill california vibe. Seriously, the staff, ambiance, and decor all scream Cali. Oh yeah and the food is pretty good too. I had a delicious sandwich and a beer. They have quite a few beers to choose from. On tap and in bottles. They guy gave me a free beer because the tap ran out and he didn't want  me to just have a bottom of the keg beer. It's the small friendly things like that that will keep me coming back for sure!
<review# 650,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2013,2/4/2013,102,60,1,8,4>Time after time I go in this restaurant with great anticipation and walk out fully satisfied. Kim Long Asian Cuisine (Vietnamese)  has me believing everything on the menu is good and that is a rarity.My pronunciation of these items is embarrassing so I for one appreciate the numbers on the menu. Go ahead, pick a number! Get some hot tea to shake off the chill. The appetizers here are really enticing. I usually have one. That explains why I take home some of the best leftovers I've ever had. Its great to open up the fridge and see a Lemon Grass Chicken Vermicelli gift to myself sitting there. Amazing cold! I could list all the dishes I enjoy but Ive posted a bunch of photos and I really don't think you can screw up here. Unless of course you don't go visit them.Kim Long's is clean. Very fair pricing. The servers are friendly and efficient and will gladly explain the traditional way to eat their beautiful and delicious food.
<review# 651,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2013,2/3/2013,41,129,1,5,5>Of course I'm a fan! They let me borrow books for free. The staff there was very helpful with my library card. It was a little smaller than I expected and it looked like some minor repairs were going on inside the building. I also loved the sculptures outside of the building.
<review# 652,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2013,2/2/2013,2,21,2,6,3>Only a few weeks after moving to Albuquerque my husband and I noticed our baby (the cat) was biting and picking at her paw and causing it to bleed and look infected. I immediately looked for a cat only vet in the area and was very happy to find the Albuquerque cat clinic. I called on a Monday and got a Tuesday appt. I took her in for an exam and saw Dr. Olah. He confirmed that her paw did have an infection and gave me some antibiotics for it. Upon further exam of her he noticed she had a few teeth that looked like they were inflamed and needed to be pulled. I really hate the idea of anesthesia on my pet, which is part of the reason I put off the teeth cleaning in previous years. I figured she was young (5) and could go a few more years. Once Dr. Olah showed me how much pain her mouth seemed to be in, I decided to book the appt. He also wanted to take an xray of her paw to see if there was anything that was causing her to pick at her paw so much. I got her an appt for her teeth cleaning and paw exam about a week later. I was very stressed out all day, but they made it a point to call me during the surgery and again after she was done and waking up from the anesthesia. They kept her overnight which I didn't like at first, but I know that both vets (Dr. Olah and Dr. Walker) came in to check on her after hours so that made me feel better. When I came to pick her up the next day Dr. Walker was there and she went over everything with me. They even gave me copies of her blood work and pictures of the xrays they took of her mouth so I could see what the problem was and what needed to be done. The cost of everything was really fair. I thought it would be higher than what they quoted me because she needed a few extra things done but it wasn't. 2 weeks later we went in for a check up  with Dr. Olah just to make sure everything was looking good and she was great. Her paw was healing and her teeth no longer looked inflamed. With all the moving and getting settled, I don't think I noticed that the cat was acting a little "off" and not eating very well. Now I see how much happier and hungrier she is!  Every member of the staff I encountered here was great, especially Dr. Olah who took care of most of my baby's needs. You can tell that he really loves cats and is also incredibly smart and educated about them. For as long as we live in Albuquerque, I will bring my cat here!
<review# 653,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2013,2/1/2013,3,5,2,8,5>I am a property manager and I had a horrible oil stain and traffic stains on a living room carpet. I hired Stanley Steemer to clean the carpets and the carpets almost looked exactly the same as they did before they were cleaned. I honestly think they didn't even attempt to clean the oil stain. Someone recommended Dr. Carpet Cleaning and I tried them and could not be more happy with them! It took about twenty minutes and the carpet looked good as new. Their prices are also very reasonable and the guy who came was super friendly. I highly recommend them.
<review# 654,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2013,1/31/2013,2,30,,3,2>I've been to Scarpas now a few times and have enjoyed it every time.  While I have never had anything other than their brick oven pizza, I can say that the pizza is pretty darned good.  One pizza is just right (or maybe just a little too much) for one person, and they are reasonably priced.  Service has typically been good and the restaurant serves at least beer and wine (I don't know if they have liquor or not). If you've tried Il Vicino's pizza, you will most likely like Scarpas...and their prices are a bit more reasonable.
<review# 655,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2013,1/30/2013,21,236,5,5,2>Friends who know me, would tell you how much I love this place! I love the Black Diamond Bar the best. I'm not a stuffy person and very often will eat in the bar, or at the bar. They always have fun drinks for the season and who doesn't love live jazz/blues? I have to say I am very impressed by Gabriel. He is a waiter there and an artist by trade, who by the way, has his paintings hung up in the restaurant for sale. He has taken the time to know his menu and his wine knowledge is remarkable. I ordered the pork chops and I cannot remember the name of it, but it is equivalent to KOBE beef of the pork world. So good. Invite your friends...heck, invite me. I wanna go again.
<review# 656,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2013,1/29/2013,2,20,1,1,1>The grove is absolutely fabulous! Fresh, natural and local food served in a fresh, natural, hip setting. Seriously, this place is a breath of fresh air (and not just talking about the outdoor covered patio). I have tried many sandwiches and breakfast items here and my favorites are the Croque Madam, the 3 Cheese Sandwich, and the Turkey Toastie. If you are a cupcake person (I am) you MUST grab one of their homemade signature cupcakes to go! Super clean interior and friendly staff. The lines can be long but they move quickly. I love the coffee here too.
<review# 657,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2012,1/28/2013,89,325,3,6,5>What a cool place to get creative! Lots of beautiful yarns! I'm in the beginning stages of crochetting, but when I get going, I'd love to go and pick out some really nice yarns. They have every kind you can imagine! I went for a Yelp event to make some Christmas ornaments and crafts and loved the place. The staff is very friendly and helpful. I felt right at home. I'll be visiting the yarn store again :)
<review# 658,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2013,1/27/2013,65,120,2,3,4>Why would a single guy who lives alone buy a membership to Sam's Club?  I have been asking myself the same question.  But after buying a membership and shopping there yesterday I am convinced it was a good decision.  Membership only costs $40 a year and I made up half of that in savings yesterday alone in just cleaning supplies.I am doing the wheat belly diet which enables me to have unlimited meat, nuts/seeds, cheese, eggs, and vegetables.  The pork loin at Sam's is beautiful, although I will have to cut the huge loin in 4ths and freeze most of it.  Nuts and Seeds in huge re-sealable bags for only $10.  Awesome.  They have a wide variety of well-priced cheeses.  Big cartons of 18 cage-free eggs for next to nothing.  All looks good until you get to the produce section.  I bought myself an expensive Breville juicer this Christmas and plan on drinking a lot of carrot and apple juice this year.  Sam's has me covered on this for sure but other than carrots and apples, the produce isn't very good.  No problem as I expected to buy most of my produce from other stores anyway.I took my time and went through each and every isle and found a lot of very inexpensive hidden gems.  I admit I will probably only shop at Sam's twice a month or so but I will easily save well over the $40 membership cost many times over.This particular store is clean and pleasant.  The staff is very friendly and helpful.True; I prefer to shop local and would rather not give Sammy Walton my money, but like many people this economy has sucker punched me in the gut and I need to save money where ever I can.
<review# 659,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2013,1/26/2013,69,414,3,6,2>I order from this location frequently since its near my work I have tried everything from here such as pizzas', salads, and subs and everything I order is always consistent, fresh, and fast. Some items worth checking out is there pastrami sub, turkey and swiss sub, chef salad, and of course there supreme pizza or if you want to try something different try there duke city
<review# 660,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2012,1/25/2013,144,168,3,8,4>The A Store is a wonderful place to go if you're looking for hip furniture and accessories for your home or gifts for friends and family, especially if you're looking for reproduction Mid-Century Modern.All the people who work here are very helpful, and if they don't have exactly what you're looking for, they always offer to help you find it in one of their catalogs and then order it. Though they have a decent-sized storefront, they couldn't possibly house all of the most popular furniture and accessories from the Mid-Century Modern period. You wouldn't be able to walk in the place. So ordering isn't an issue. It's a great addition.They enjoy re-configuring their space, moving popular items to different parts of the store and bringing in new merchandise, so definitely check them out regularly. There's always a delightful surprise awaiting your next visit.
<review# 661,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2012,1/24/2013,151,116,3,5,3>I love the Cuban sandwich and juices here...delish!  The food comes out prepared with care and love.  The arepa pabellon was a little too messy for me and the corn shell got soggy by the time I was finishing it up (maybe I'm a slow eater? wait, no, I'm not) but it was exceptionally good as well.  The customer service, however, is what I'd like to emphasize here.  It is AMAZING!  I wasn't sure if the plantains were burnt because they were so dark (almost black) but when I brought it up, they told me that 2 minutes fry time is the standard and then he came back with a plate of freshly fried plantains a few minutes later, just to show that the color is the same and their standard.  I was touched by their respect for my opinion and questions, and we left feeling warm in the tummy and in the soul.
<review# 662,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2013,1/23/2013,78,113,3,5,4>If your battling a cold, as we all seem to be in this FRIGID weather....stop in for some hot wonton soup. Does the body good. Also, some Crab Rangoon...which doesn't really do the body good....but is a wonderful deep fried goodness that makes you smile ear to ear. Yum. :P
<review# 663,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2012,1/22/2013,120,150,1,6,5>I was surprised yesterday when Star Bar did not show up on Yelp, so I enlisted Howie to add it for us so I could review it!We stopped in here on what we anticipated would be a quick drink on a Tragic Bar Tour. We were so wrong!This place is very misleading from the outside! It's a clean, cute bar with great staff and awesome drink prices. Get this, ladies drinks are 1/2 price. Yes, all drinks. Yes, all the time. Can't beat that. We had two rounds of drinks (there were 5 of us) and my husband picked up the tab- it was $32! Awesome deals. The bartender was really friendly as was the server when she arrived later. They don't have food, but like some of the other places in Nob Hill, they allow you to bring in your own and give you tips of places to order. There is a nice jukebox with a ton of choices. The only thing missing is a pool table or GoldenTee machine- something to entertain. There are a ton of TV's showing sporting events. Folks who live in Nob Hill or the surrounding area, give this place a shot!
<review# 664,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2012,1/21/2013,33,177,1,7,2>I don't know what it is, but whenever I get great food in a dumpy little dive I enjoy it so much more than if it were from a fancy restaurant. I don't know if that's just me or if that's some kind of universal psychological phenomenon, but every time I see a rundown, poorly decorated, kind of ghetto looking restaurant, I think "man, their food must be pretty damn good if they're still in business." Call me an optimist. Sometimes it doesn't work out and the food is about as awful as the building, but sometimes, like with San Pedro Middle East Restaurant, I am totally right and find a real gem. First of all, this is a converted convenience store and it shows. They have rugs adorning the dining area to make you forget that, but honestly, it's a little weird eating in there. It feels like a convenience store, and it doesn't help that there is a grocery section in there as well. But this unease wears off as soon as you taste the cooking. The food at SPMER is stellar and among the best in town. All the staple dishes I've tried like hummus, falafel, baba ganoush, tabouleh, and shawarma have been absolutely top-notch. Especially the hummus. It's very smooth and thick with plenty of tahini to give it that classic flavor. It's a good thing they do hummus well, too, since many of the platters come ringed with it (which is a nice touch). The meat options are all nicely cooked and fresh. I was a little concerned about this point, but I was wrong. Everything was very tasty, and you shouldn't think for one second that they serve low-quality food. The pitas are testament to that. They cook them fresh and usually to order, and when they come out all fresh and warm you forget all about the restaurant's interior. These pitas are absolutely delicious. Just make sure you eat them warm, as they get stale relatively quickly. For all its lack of sophisticated decor, this Middle East Restaurant delivers where it matters most: the food. And while its prices aren't exactly amazing, its food is. It is exactly amazing. If you're still not convinced, go there and get a pita first. If that doesn't convince you, you might want to get an MRI.
<review# 665,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2013,1/19/2013,27,71,1,5,2>I like to think that I have "good taste" especially when it comes to art and home decor.  The reality is, I know what I like, but have issues with tying it all together.  This is where Christopher is incredible.  When I first hired him, it was for advice on paint colors and moving my existing furniture around to make the home seem more "together".  He came into my home, and made suggestions and changes with my existing things.  I then went on to hire him to revamp my bathrooms and eventually open up a room to give it a modern feel.  The outcome has been fabulous.  What I like about Christopher is that he will work with what you have, you do not have to have a huge budget and you do not need to get rid of what you own.  Together we developed a plan and I am still in the process of purchasing those special pieces to fit within that plan.   I highly recommend him - he is a fabulous Interior designer with a unique and diverse sense of style.
<review# 666,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2013,1/18/2013,36,5,1,3,3>I have very quickly fallen in love with Crossfit! I was almost immediately addicted, and feel guilty missing a WOD. The people are all great and the new gym is beautiful!
<review# 667,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2012,1/17/2013,50,223,1,4,3>This bar is a classic in Albuquerque and all of the positive reviews are on the mark.   If I were to add one thing it is that your K9 may also enjoy a quick visit if it has been walking around downtown and needs a cool bowl of water.
<review# 668,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2013,1/16/2013,36,106,,5,4>This is a fun place to go. It is pretty and pleasant. There is seating available, but on summer time it probably gets tight.This is a make it yourself kind of place. You pour your frozen yogurt and then you add any toppings you want. Then, you go to the cashier and pay by the weight. The quality and taste of the products are excellent. Also, they let you sample as many flavors of frozen yogurt as you wish. And on cold days (don't remember the exact temperature number) the price per ounce drops, which makes getting a frozen yogurt an even sweeter deal.
<review# 669,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2013,1/15/2013,7,25,4,6,5>Love this joint. I'm a big fan of cake donuts which is what they mostly have here. My personal faves have been- toasted coconut, bizcochito, and maple bacon. Also... I agree with the previous reviewer- the fruity pebbles donut blew my mind.
<review# 670,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2013,1/14/2013,5,3,1,2,4>I Have been a fan of Dion's for nearly 20 years now they always use the best quality ingredients available from the cheese to the crackers everything is always the best. their pizza and sandwiches are consistently the best comfort food you can find.If you haven't tried Dion's you need to give them a try they are the best in town.
<review# 671,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2013,1/13/2013,28,20,1,3,3>We spent the night here for NYE. The hotel is beautiful, our room was spacious, comfy bed and nice linens. The shower was a little on the cold side, but that's probably just me, if my skin isn't burning- it's cold. We opted to stay upstairs at the Ibiza bar instead of braving the studio 54 crowd for the night. We were not disappointed! We were greeted by Bridgette, our bartender/mixologist for the night. She is the best bartender in Albuquerque, gracious, friendly, knowledgeable and pours a stiff drink. God bless her! We will be back for another staycation soon!
<review# 672,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2013,1/12/2013,1,6,2,4,4>First time here. Have seen it time and time again so the wife and I decided to finally stop in. Was very surprised at how busy the place was for the size which was a good sign from the start. The chips and salsa were good, with the salsa being warmed which you don't see too often. It had good flavor and just the right amount of bite. I ordered the Combo 3 which is a stuffed sopapilla with ground beef and beans along with a taco. I loved my stuffed  sopa! I asked for Xmas on the chile, but should have stayed green all the way. The green had more flavor and a little more bite. The taco was not a fave at all. Standard store bought taco shell along with more of a "paste" of ground beef which I think had entirely too much potato. That's the best way for me to describe the consistency. The wife loved her chile relleno as it arrived crispy the way she likes it and not drowning and soggy. The service was excellent, and the prices are not bad at all. Me and the wife always like to rate places after our meal on a 1-10 scale. We both gave it a 7. Would we go back? Yes. Would we order a taco? No.
<review# 673,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2013,1/11/2013,60,293,2,7,6>This is a great, locally owned coffee shop.  Not only that, but they roast their own coffee beans here as well.  I'm so sick of that over roasted Starbucks crap, I can't even see straight. Michael Thomas is a wonderful change of pace!  Great pastries, snacks, treats, and every coffee drink you might care for.  Or, if you want to brew your own, they have whole beans or ground coffee as well.  Add to that free wi-fi, an awesome staff and a great little indoor/outdoor spot to hang out and how can you go wrong?  And they even have treats for your canine friends!  Ruff, ruff!  :)Do yourself a favor and skip the chains and support an awesome local coffee business who absolutely does it right.
<review# 674,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2012,1/10/2013,0,1,2,3,2>Great great! amazing service, beer, & food. i love it so amazing !! New favorite place ever hands down. A comfortable environment to have a few drinks with friends I encourage anyone to stop trust me won't be disappointed. I'm stopping by regularly now even if to pick up a few growlers to take home. I recommend double headed zombie ! & husband says have to have zombie & dragons blood
<review# 675,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2012,1/9/2013,62,9,1,4,3>If your child(ren) are having any issues with behavior, they have a full team to help get them back on track and provide support for you. Psychologist, therapist, family services, behavior services. The whole nine. We've been with them nearly a year and had both good and bad experiences with staff, but when we have had bad experiences (not a good fit for our family), they have been quick to find a new provider for us.
<review# 676,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2012,1/8/2013,208,11,1,6,3>Love this place!! I feel like I am back in NYC or Chicago here with the live jazz and gangster atmosphere..and the food is to die for. I simply adore the white truffle mashed potatoes. Our server knew all about every wine and was most helpful when it came to choosing the items on the menu. The secret entry is a fun touch and the gangster at the door plays up his part insisting on a password. If you want an expensive meal where you can take your time this is my first choice. I love steak and the way it is cooked is perfection...Yummy!
<review# 677,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/1/2013,1/7/2013,23,106,1,3,4>This was my first time here and I will definitely return.  We stopped in on New Year's Day and had a delicious meal. We all had different dishes.  Our favorites included: a tasty bowl of Pho, spring rolls, and pork & shrimp vermicelli.  Our server was attentive and friendly.  I can't wait to go back!
<review# 678,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2013,1/6/2013,5,11,2,3,3>Been going to Mac's for 10+ years. Best Mexican food in Albuquerque. I highly recommend the steak fingers and enchiladas with green chile.
<review# 679,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2012,1/5/2013,39,137,1,5,5>First time here Friday night, and what a pleasant surprise. I had heard good things, but trying it for myself was true validation! Even on a Friday at 5:30pm, we found a nice place to sit and had good service.I ordered the Pilsner, and shared the "Piggly Wiggly" sandwich, and both were fantastic. The Canteen is also dog friendly--which is something important to me since I'm a mom to a 4 legged friend myself.This place reminded me a lot of Turtle Mountain Brewery in Rio Rancho (which is also a fav spot of mine), but it's a lot closer  to the city which is a big plus! Place is a little tricky to find, since it's nestled in a small industrial area, but once you've found it, you'll love it too!
<review# 680,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2012,1/4/2013,92,147,7,10,7>Mmmmm El Taco Tote! I don't take the opportunity to come here as often as I'd like, but if I'm in the mood for tacos this is the place! Everything here is cooked to order. They start with very fresh-tasting (soft) tortillas to which they'll add your choice of a variety of seasoned and grilled meat: beef, pork, chicken and fish. From there, you're on your own with their ample toppings bar. Pickled onions, fresh onions, fresh lettuce and about 6 (I can't remember the actual #) different salsas. It's worth returning just to try different combinations.The atmosphere here is somewhere between fast food and authentic mexican. This is a counter-service, fast-food restaurant. The lights are a bit too bright. The room is really big. The music is often loud. That said, this is not fine dining, so I won't take points off for that!Anyone caught going to Taco Hell with this place in town should be ashamed!
<review# 681,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2012,1/3/2013,69,171,10,8,4>Unlike chefs, a compliment to the chiropractor is not going back.  Kelly Coogan, if you are reading this... I promise you have my utmost loyalty, I would never dream of going to another chiropractor.  But sadly, I just don't have any pain any more.  I wish I did.  I wake up in the morning and try, but I just don't feel that lower back pain like I used to.. Unfortunately you may have fixed me in a permanent sort of way,  Maybe you could start making appointments for people who are not really in pain but that like you and want to just have a cup of tea with you.
<review# 682,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2012,1/2/2013,16,95,2,3,2>Dia de Los Takos is a food truck that can often be seen at different breweries around town.  The first time I saw them was at the Taco and Tequila festival where they won best taco.  I didn't have a chance to try the tacos then because the line was huge which is no surprise.They normally have a fish taco and a vegetarian taco plus an daily special which changes often.  When I tried them they had a shrimp and mango taco which was awesome but my favorite was definitely the fish tacos.  They have the perfect blend of fish, toppings, and sauce.  Definitely the best fish tacos I have had in ABQ and one of the best I have ever had and so far from the ocean.
<review# 683,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/26/2012,1/1/2013,0,16,3,10,7>Holy crap, I can't believe I have lived here for 5 years and I just made it to this place. The very widest selection of baked goods, prepared salsas, prepared meats, fresh meats, and seafood in town. If you have ever been to a grocery store in Mexico and enjoyed it, this is the real deal, but fresher and less worrisome than many. That's what they're going for, and they hit it. Want a whole tenderloin? Go to the gringo store and pay the $$$. Want the freshest lengua, barbacoa, menudo, pigs feet, oxtails, and pigs butt in town? This is the place. Want a selection of 3 different types of chicharrones? Nailed it! Empanadas, churros and a whole host of other freshly baked delicious panaderia style goods? This is the placeIf Mexican's or Mexican culture makes you uncomfortable, go elsewhere. If you are looking for 100% organic, go elsewhere. If you are latino, or truly enjoy moving a little out of your own cultural upbringing, this place is just amazing, right down the ranchero music and the smell of VERY ripe (or a little overly ripe) fruits and veggies. Add to it that their prices are the best in town for just about everything. It's a 15 minute drive away from anywhere that I usually go, and I think I'll be having to make a weekly trip from here on out.
<review# 684,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/26/2012,12/31/2012,23,61,,4,2>Love this place!! The Ranchero Burger with green chile cheese fries are the best!! All of the locations offer fast service at an amazing price, and amazing food. What more is there to ask for? Highly recommend if your a tourist seeking traditional green chile cheese burger or chile cheese fries, and if you're a local, you should already know about Bobs!They also have red chile, but I am loyal to green :)
<review# 685,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/26/2012,12/30/2012,7,7,1,7,2>I've been there 3 times now and happy to say I've found a great Mexican food restaurant! Excellent food from hot flavorful salsa and fresh chips to steak and enchiladas, to fish tacos, rellenos, tamales, and sopapillas.  Great service 2 out of 3 times. Reasonably priced and great decor and atmosphere.
<review# 686,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2012,12/29/2012,4,13,,6,1>I have been away for some years and dropped in yesterday for my favorite breakfast,  huevos rancheros with half green, half red chile.  It was served with fried potatoes and a tortilla.  It was great tasting at a very good price and I felt right at home with the wonderful hospitality.  I am coming back to try the carne adovada which I hear is to die for!
<review# 687,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2012,12/28/2012,1,2,1,2,2>I came here after a useless, horrible car search that led me to various Craigslist postings, car dealers and other pits of hell. Right when I had given up on my car search, and debating whether or not to import my beautiful Hyundai Entourage from 2008 with only 23k miles back from the Netherlands, which would have cost another 3500 dollars, I decided to check internet one last time and stumbled on Galles and Davis who had a Hyundai Accent for sale, asking 14.5k for a 2012, decked out Hyundai Accent 5 doors hatchback that completely suited my needs. I love the Hyundai brand and this would be my third Hyundai, no wait, actually the fourth counting a small Pony in Holland in the mid-nineties, followed by a Detroit Hyundai Accent in 1999 and the Entourage Minivan in 2009. I got in touch with a sales agent named Jeff Lafond (837-5200) who was not only pleasant, he immediately got me the best price they were able to offer.Since I am a little picky, he agreed to fix a minute scratch near the door handle, fill it up with at least 6 galllons, rotate the tires so that I knew driving away, that the car had had it's first maintenance as required in the manual. When I bought it, there were 8k miles on it, and it needs a maintenance at 7500 miles. So you see how I could not possibly drive off the lot without that taking care of. What I liked: there was an asking price, there was a negotiation, 500 dollars were knocked off, I was given the option, and help with a great deal of 1.9% financing with Sandia Federal Credit Union, which is quite good for a used car and  ended up with payments that I am comfortable with. There was no pressure, I knew of course which car I wanted and the only reason I ended up checking their website was because a friend of mine had a great experience a few years ago and bought a great truck for an amazing deal. Now, their new cars do seem a little pricey, but I am just not in that range, so that was never an option. I was very happy with how Jeff took car of the sales, and I also liked the sales manager who pointed out I was overpaying on my insurance. Jeff went out of his way to help me purchase the car and give me a great deal, and for this, I strongly recommended him at the Galles and Davis Used Car Department. PS: The photo does not reflect the Hyundai but my rental.
<review# 688,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/20/2012,12/27/2012,7,10,2,3,3>I love Thai food almost as much as I love New Mexican food, so you can be sure I was going to try Thai Cuisine II when it popped up across the street from Orchid Thai.  I was skeptical at first, as I had had a love affair with Orchid Thai for so many years, and now it felt like I was betraying my one and only.  But for curiosity's sake, I gave it a chance.  I've been here a handful of times now, and on my most recent excursion about a week ago, it reminded me how much I love this place.  Since I already knew I loved their Pad Woon Sen, I placed a takeout order for Pad Kee Mow with medium Thai chili.  I was thrilled by the taste of the noodles mixed with the vegetables and chicken but overwhelmed by the spiciness!  I already felt like a wimp for ordering the medium chili, but the fact that I could barely down it without a big glass of water and milk made me feel very ashamed to be a New Mexican.  Besides that, the portion was sizable for a decent price, and I eventually managed to get the lava into my belly.I only gave Thai Cuisine four stars because I still feel like some of their items are lacking.  Although I generally regard TC as the better Thai restaurant, I still prefer some of Orchid Thai's dishes over theirs.  Overall, I absolutely love this place for quick, delicious (and spicy!) Thai food, and I know that you will be satisfied with anything you order off their menu!
<review# 689,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/20/2012,12/26/2012,43,258,2,7,3>I've been eating at Pars since I was in high school and they were just a gyro place in Montgomery Plaza.  An Albuquerque institution, Pars has grown into a nice place to have a great meal.  Food is very tasty.  Particularly enjoy the kabobs and their rice is delicious.  Great greek salad.  Ample portions.  Belly dancer performs on the weekends.  Great for a special night out or for a group dinner.
<review# 690,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2012,12/25/2012,28,96,4,4,3>Wow...how have I lived here for 3 years and never ventured out to this gem? It's pretty much a make your own hibachi grill and I love it!  Prices are very reasonable for the amount of food you get.  When you arrive you'll be taken to a table and given a little metal bowl - be sure to pack that sucker down as you go through the line! (I even saw some people using their hands to press the proteins down so they could pack in more!)So many choices of proteins, you can truly make one of the best feasts you've ever had - all on your own.  If it's your first time and you don't know what to do - flavor/ingredient - wise, there are recipe cards on the wall before you start to make one of their combinations.  This was my first time and I just played it by ear.  Steak, chicken, shrimp, scallops and crab, seasoned with some garlic/lime and steakhouse seasonings.  Both of the stir fry veggie mixes, add in a little zucchini, squash and baby corn along with the honey soy sauce and fried rice - it was AMAZING.  I honestly think with any combination you fix there - you can't go wrong.  If you do - just like Joe. R said, it's your own fault!
<review# 691,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2012,12/24/2012,3,14,1,2,2>Well, I may be bias because my boyfriend works here but I honestly love Rudy's. The staff is friendly (hehe!), and the food is delicious. Usually there is a long line but its well worth the wait.I do wish they had more healthy side dishes. Most of the sides include Potato salad, chips, soda, etc and since i'm pretty health conscious and I enjoy eating healthy I only eat here on occasion. (everything in moderation right).So when I do get to enjoy Rudy's on occasion, I enjoy every minute of it. :) also the pudding is delicious!
<review# 692,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/14/2012,12/23/2012,71,3,,4,1>Great place to workout! I've been a solid member going on 4 years. The best part, I don't feel like it's a muscle competition...professional clients from the area downtown law firms, government and non- profits. Friendly staff, very knowledgeable, non grunt place. Towels, conditioner, shampoo, hair spray, water areas, giveaways, food all part of the experience. If you see me say HI  ;-)
<review# 693,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/14/2012,12/22/2012,0,5,1,3,4>The hubby and I went for dinner. The atmosphere is very nice. Our waiter was excellent and the food was even better. We had the Cajun ribeye with the loaded garlic mashed potatoes. Delish!!! Also, for our military peers, they offer a 25% discount which is pretty much unheard of. We will be back!! Yum :)
<review# 694,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/13/2012,12/21/2012,67,177,3,3,2>I have only been to this location once, but my family has been long-time fuddruckers patrons...Back in the day they did a kids eat free night so we went like once a week! I don't think they do this anymore.... but anyway, this is a good place to hit up before a movie.  The price is good and the whole build your own burger part is fun.  The crappy thing is that since it is a chain, they won't cook your burger less than medium. (We wanted medium rare..). The good thing was their "medium" was still a really good medium and not overcooked. We got the deal with the burger/fries/beer meal and it was great.  My favorite part about fuddruckers is the hot pumping liquid cheese... yummm... I like the plain cheese for my fries and put the jalepeno cheese on my burger. The tomatoes and lettuce are really fresh and crispy.  The buns are freshly baked and soft..You can also make a  little side "salad" with the toppings from the burger bar and get a side of dressing.. waaala... free side salad!   I'm usually not a fan of chain places but I like to hit this place up maybe twice a year for nostalgia purposes... brings back memories of when my family used to go in the 90s!
<review# 695,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2012,12/20/2012,36,8,3,6,4>I don't always practice Hot Yoga, but when I do I go here.  It is a really great studio and location, right in the heart of EDO.  Sometimes I really need a detoxifying sweat, so I go to Carrie Post 's class for mindfully sequenced kick-ass vinyasa flow.  LOVE her classes - she gets 5 stars.
<review# 696,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2012,12/19/2012,39,14,2,5,2>I'm a fan of the texture and colour of food as well as the flavour. And there are three reasons right there that I like Pei Wei's. The food is flavourful without being too complex and is always presented in a very pleasing way - either dining in or take-out. I like spicy and Pei Wei's delivers a reasonable kick considering it is a chain catering to the everybodys; the Thai Coconut Curry and Sriracha Chicken are both spicy if not exactly hot. You can always mix things up. I have always found the wait- and kitchen-staff helpful in creating a custom dish if no stock menu items seem to match my mood.The on-line ordering is a wonderful thing. I can put in an order and specify a pick-up time and it is always waiting for me when I get there to pick it up. The one time my order was not ready at the pick-up time I had specified, the staff was very pleasant and gave me a complimentary drink while I waited (a whopping 5 minutes).This location gets crazy busy at lunch time so planning around the rush-hour is a good idea as the line can easily go out the door and tables can be hard to come by. All-in-all always a good eating experience. You're not going to get Asian food like you bought off that cart on your trek through Vietnam when you were 17, but it is good Asian-themed food at a reasonable price.
<review# 697,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2012,12/18/2012,22,1,1,6,4>Dear Meredith & Staff,I'm not sure how to begin to thank you for all that you have done for me. I came to you feeling virtually helpless after having already endured a painful and bitter  divorce, loss of employment and other legal and financial issues. I was then faced with a list of serious post-divorce Domestic Relations legal problems in addition to needing assistance making changes and modifications to the existing orders. I felt defeated before I'd even begun the process.Then I met you and called your office. I still remember the initial conversations explaining my situation to you and within minutes of talking with you, I felt at peace - I finally felt I had an advocate on my behalf and in my corner.Also after our in initial meeting and subsequent conversations, I began to feel a new-found confidence; an overwhelming sense of empowerment in knowing that once and for all i was going to be able to take the necessary steps in filing all the items needed to address my legal issues head-on and make the necessary changes to my Decree that ultimately created a much more fair and stable environment going forward.You provided me with strong & sound advice, professional and comprehensive legal representation and by following your advice and counsel, we were able to go into court with confidence. And the outcome of each and every legal matter you were faced with on my behalf ended fair, favorably, balanced, and positive for the long term.I am so thankful that I reached out to you - i was feeling lost & without hope. I wish I had called upon you sooner - I will remain forever grateful...Respectfully,Dean S. BurnettAlbuquerque, NM
<review# 698,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2012,12/17/2012,2,1,1,2,2>Westside Power Gym is the top gym in the ABQ/Rio Rancho area. All the equipment you need for a serious workout. Whether its hardcore powerlifting, crossfit, kickboxing, MMA, or Jiu Jitsu, WPG has it all. This is a place where you can come and get your workout in without any nonsense you find at other gyms. WPG also has conditioning classes that will whip your ass, Kickboxing classes taught by the owner, Rocky Ramirez, a professional MMA fighter and boxer, as well as MMA classes taught by him also. Rocky is a first rate owner, constantly improving his gym to accomodate member's specific workouts and needs. He brings in professional power lifters to hold clinics for the members working on technique for maximum strength gains. He holds strongmen and strong women competitions for members and non members which helps us get to know each other and really build a sense of community. Rocky is also a personal trainer, 2nd to none. Voted top 5 Personal Trainer in ABQ. Top 5 nothing, Rocky is the top personal trainer. He has a devoted following because he is creative, innovative, caring, and most of all, he gets results. You don't have to take my word for it, but you can because every word is true. Get out to WPG, get your ass kicked, or kick your own ass, and leave this awesome gym feeling great about yourself.
<review# 699,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2012,12/16/2012,58,146,1,3,2>Love the Name, Love the Food. Love the Beer (they serve Turtle Mountain Brews).Have visisted a few times and the building is very basic, but has both high-top tables, normal tables, 8-10 TV's, bar and outdoor seating. Favorite menu items include the Fish and Chips and Jaegerschnitzel. So Good! and of course Not Healthy, but you can't expect healthy from a an English Pub.
<review# 700,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2012,12/15/2012,62,114,3,4,6>I am not a sweets kind of person but Caked has definitely brought out the sweet tooth in me. I first tried their delicious cupcakes when I purchased one of their cute little samplers. They were the perfect bite sized treat and they were all very tasty. The second time I tried their cupcakes was when I ordered a dozen for my daughters birthday. I got two of each of their cupcake flavors they had for that day. The guests loved them and said how good they were. They are reasonably priced and they were very friendly both times I went in. I only wish they had all their flavors available every day. They also give you a card and after 5 purchases you get a free cupcake. I love it when a business does that because it gives you something to look forward to.
<review# 701,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2012,12/14/2012,17,4,1,4,2>Our first visit at the West Side location was a good one. The place was clean and the service was friendly. We ordered the New Mexico, Veggie, California, and Cucumber rolls. We dined in on a slower Saturday afternoon, so our food didn't take that long to arrive. Everything tasted good, as you would expect from the average sushi restaurant.  If you're looking for a no-frills sushi spot and you're on the westside or Rio Rancho, check this place out.
<review# 702,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2012,12/13/2012,0,2,1,5,2>One of my favorite restaurants.  In a plain little strip mall, looks from the outside are deceiving,  you enter into a beautifully decorated gem.   I have never had something I didn't like.  The service is good and the food is amazing.  What is even better is the price!  Everyone should give them a try  I recommend #41  Vermichelli noodles with grilled shrimp and pork, my personal favorite and less than $10.!
<review# 703,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2012,12/12/2012,179,284,1,6,4>We came to Vinaigrette for dinner, I had eaten up in Santa Fe, and was eager to try the ABQ version.  There are several pluses, chief among them is how close it is to my house!  But location aside, the salads were amazing, as were the cups of soup.  We had Cajun gumbo, a Potato Leek, and a Lemon Chicken egg drop soup.  Each soup was flavorful and completely lovely.  We had the Cobb salad, the French Frisée salad, and the Nutty Pear-fessor salad.  All were do overs!  Highly recommend, as an added bonus, all the food is thoughtfully procured.  Organic, locally sourced, and sustainable harvested, it's the good food that you want to eat!Ok, I have been here a few times now.  Many salads have been explored.  So far my favorites are the Cherry Tart, the Nutty-Pearfessor, and the Beet Goes On.  I'm not such a fan of the Eat Your Peas, or the Asian Beef Salad, i thought both of those really were lack luster.  I will, of course, be continuing my salad journey.  :-)
<review# 704,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2012,12/11/2012,81,210,,14,5>Bosque Brewing Company is brand spanking new and located near Balloon Fiesta Park.  It is a beautiful Tap Room! The bar top is amazing. I tried a sampler of all of their creations, and seriously, not one of them disappointed. The Cumulus IPA is to die for.  I happen to have a soft spot for IPA's, and their version of IPA is refreshingly different (think of a slightly wheaty IPA with a hint of honey aftertaste). The menu is fairly small, but executed very well. I had the Jalapeno Brat on a pretzel roll with chipotle mayo; it was spicy and delicious. I also tried the Green Chile Pork Stew--which was perfectly seasoned and boldly spicy. My friend had the Hummus Platter and thought it was fantastic. Service was quick, attentive, and friendly. I will definitely be back for the beer and the rest of the menu! Others were raving about their food througout the room.I think Bosque Brewing Co. will be really successful. If you haven't seen them, check out their commercials on Youtube or Facebook. It's time to de-throne the King of Beers!Check it out!***Note: This week (opening week Oct. 22nd-Oct.27th,2012) the hours are different from what their normal operating hours will be. This week they are open 5pm-11pm Monday- Thursday and 11am-Midnight Friday and Saturday.
<review# 705,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2012,12/10/2012,93,123,8,8,6>This place makes me feel like a fat kid in a candy store.Even though it's taken us a couple of years to finally make a trip here, we'll be back again soon to try more of the vast selection of wines/beers/hard alcohol they provide.Signs of a great booze shop:1.  Running into Clayton, a fellow Elite, who has a great palate (alcoholic beverages included).  This is the guy who has mastered holding his newborn AND a glass of champagne with ONE ARM, so you know he means business.2.  Numerous rooms for different types of alcohol.  They have a separate room for international wines, domestic wines, clearly marked sections for scotch, sake, tequila, etc.  It's pretty epic.3.  Alcohol, alcohol, alcohol.  That's all they sell, with the occasional mixers and other miscellaneous drinking accessories.  But if they focus on booze only, like Jubilation does, it's a good sign for a successful mission for booze.4. Variety.  Jubilation has so many different kinds/brands of each type of alcohol that if you aren't looking for anything specific, you could spend a lot of time there.  But I'm happy to know that there are so many different selections to choose from and I'm always interested in trying something new!If you're new to Albuquerque and want to find a place similar to Bevmo, or just looking for a great place to buy alcohol in general, this is it!  And if you're lucky, you just might run into Clayton.  =)
<review# 706,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/20/2012,12/9/2012,2,14,1,6,2>One of the best sushi restaurants in Albuquerque. Top notch, top quality. There's only one item there that I just can't stand, it's their Hot & Sour Soup. Some of the worst I've ever had. Go with the Miso soup, it's delicious. The owner is a great guy. Very creative with his sushi and it's always a success. Salivating just thinking of the Dragon Roll and another I believe is called the Air Force Roll. Their Sashimi is top notch as well. I'm not certain about the entrees on the menu but every time I see them on other tables they look great with large portions. The prices there are pretty good as well. Lastly, the staff there needs to smile a bit more and be more attentive but at least they're not rude. Anyway, I'll keep going back for my dose of sushi and Sashimi! Oh ya, their appetizers are DELICIOUS!
<review# 707,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/18/2012,12/8/2012,157,655,2,12,5>Ok, first let me warn diners that the menu is overwhelming and it's really hard to differentiate one dish from another or envision what the heck the plate of food you'll order will look like. My advice: pick a country and decide whether you like spicy or not and meat or not. This has been the only way I've been able to figure out the matrix that is the menu here and it has served me well as far as main plates.Unfortunately, because the names are all a combination of a country and the word 'street' I can't really tell you which dishes were good. However, I can assure you that the pad thai wannabe was good, so if you're interested, look for Bangkok and other pad thai keywords.The korean dish I had was great too, so seek Seoul, steak, and spicy and you'll hopefully receive the same dish and really enjoy it.Finally, my wife and I recently shared a Chinese (was it Beijing in the name? I think...) dish with chicken, shrimp and tofu and this too were good. And yes, two with light appetites can easily share a meal and an appetizer. However, don't bother with the potstickers (I'm blanking on the other name, so I'm sadly using the Middle American name) as they were bland and lukewarm.I must commend this place for the good craft beer selection, as the Modus Hoperandi IPA with dinner on one visit and Moose Drool on another were the type of additions that really win me over. Anyhow, the food is good, ignore the skeptics and the haters and don't believe the hype about high prices. Burquenos are either grossly spoiled or hopelessly clueless when it comes to prices and I can assure them, these prices are perfectly reasonable considering the portions and the setting. I'd say they should fix their menu, but I've kind of taken a liking to this sort of blind ordering and hoping that what I come out is good; so far it's been a successful technique. Just remember my above advice if you're just as mystified as I am while reading that poor menu.
<review# 708,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/28/2012,12/7/2012,2,8,1,3,2>What can you say? The food here is always good. In fact, I'd say better than most breakfast joints. Everything is cooked perfectly and isn't covered in grease like many of the greasy spoon breakfast dives out there. The decor is like visiting Grandma's. It's open and bright and the service has always been good. It's hard to go wrong here!
<review# 709,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2012,12/6/2012,6,4,2,5,3>Great service, good prices on beers and the burgers were perfectly cooked! 2$ Ber happy hour, 4-6. I have had a hard time finding a place in Albuquerque that cared about service and made great food, b2b accomplishes this. Go here before holy cow or brgr.
<review# 710,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/28/2012,12/5/2012,52,169,2,5,3>I ride the Rail Runner to work pretty  much daily and have been happy with my experience so far.  The train is almost always on time, and you can sign up for text message alerts to let you know if there are delays (lucky for me, I happened to drive to work on the days that there were delays).The staff is generally pretty friendly and I've always been able to find a seat.  I like that there is a designated quiet car since I usually catch up on emails and reading while I ride.  Rates are pretty reasonable and you can get discounts if you purchase your fair online.
<review# 711,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/30/2012,12/4/2012,15,103,3,6,5>Wow!  The first to Yelp it.  I even had to setup the page for them, that should be good for something right?Seriously, though, it is everything that is right about the Marble St. location, and then some.  They have a pretty decent food menu, served by Ironwood Kitchen (a restaurant in the same retail center).Marble has some of the best microbrews in New Mexico, and my trip here did not disappoint.  I will be back soon, probably too soon.EDIT - Since, the initial visit, we have returned many times.  Service is ridiculously inconsistent.  It is either fantastic or terrible.  There is no middle ground, right now.
<review# 712,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2012,12/3/2012,33,244,1,9,5>As I needed to be near the airport early in the morning (and feeling like a change from McDonalds; Starbucks; Blakes or IHOP) I did my search on Yelp! and saw many positive reviews for this place.It is very close to Gibson - so you can be at the Sunport in less the 10mins if you are flying out or picking someone up.We were there for breakfast and after having looked at the menu online I knew I wanted the Blue Corn Waffle Boat - Hot (with carne), I also got it Christmas.  They had a special where you could get all of that & a coffee for $7.50 - very reasonable.The demeanor and politeness of our server was outstanding.The drip coffee was very good and our food arrived in a speedy fashion.  The plating was great and I couldn't wait to dive in.The corn waffle "boat" was crunchy, light and very flavorful.  The carne was kind of "pulled" rather than in chunks, but that helped everything "hang together" and not slip off onto the plate.The red & green chile was very flavorful, I would say the green was spicier than the red, but both were really good.The combination of the blue corn waffle with the carne & chile was very very tasty.Due to the excellent service; very affordable pricing and great "heat" level I will definitely head back here anytime I have to be at/near the airport & would encourage you to also stop by - I can't comment on the lunch options as this point.
<review# 713,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2012,12/2/2012,123,1032,1,6,5>You know why I like this place? They specialize in one thing (burgers) and their menu is literally just one page. I hate going to a place and having to wade through a miniature bible of food options (I'm looking at you, Chessecake Factory). Just give me a few choices, and we'll go from there.Anyway, this place does burgers well, and they have other options if you're feeling like chicken. Good selection of beers on tap and even some wine, if that's your thing. Fries are optional, but being hand cut they are very very tasty.Great staff, very attentive. I also like the inside/outside seating options. What's more, the prices are not exorbitant for the quality of food that you get.
<review# 714,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2012,12/1/2012,47,133,3,3,1>I drive up to this silly pink building and can't help but giggle with anticipation. The people at Piggys are so wonderfully nice and patient! The food is beyond great and you don't have to spend your whole paycheck to eat out. You can get a "value" meal for under 5 bucks! That is right main dish, fries, and a soda for under five dollars! The place may look a little sketchy, but I promise you the food is not. You will not leave asking yourself what you ate, or what was in that burger, or if you're going to end up sitting on the toilet for five hours later that night. The beef looks like real cow, it is not greyish or weird textured like other fast food places, it is just wonderfully beef. The corn dogs and fries are obviously freshly fried just for you as they are always hot and crispy! Next time you're craving some fast food, but you're sick of all the other main chains eat at Piggys. You won't leave disappointed.
<review# 715,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/23/2012,11/30/2012,0,1,,3,2>Fantastic service and food!!  The family style dining we enjoyed while visiting was exquisite.  Fantastic choices for vegetarians and meat eaters.  If they don't have something for you, Paco will personally prepare something out of this world for you!!!
<review# 716,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/23/2012,11/29/2012,102,60,1,5,2>YES I will drive across town for these dogs because no other place is doing them like these guys! Nice service, creative flavor combinations that actually taste great and all at a reasonable price. I'm normally a steamed bun guy but the buns here were so fresh and warmed on the grill that they complimented the other ingredients beautifully. I want to try other menu goodies but I really enjoyed the Real Chile and NYC dogs alot! Definitely gonna hit that Farmer sandwich and the slaw also. I really wasn't impressed with the Rosemary Garlic Fries. Didn't taste much garlic or rosemary at all but the fries themselves were cooked just right. I like to see a nice sprig of rosemary on top for its visual and aromatic appeal. Just saying...Urban Hotdog has my business! They are filling the gourmet dog niche in Albuquerque. It would be great to see a second shop somewhere across the Rio Grande!
<review# 717,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/23/2012,11/28/2012,17,127,,3,3>You know how everyone gets when there is a new restaurant in town, everyone and their mother has to come out and try it.  I would have stayed away a little longer, but this was not chosen by me.  So I go for it.As expected, service is still being figured out, but we were with a large group for MNF.  They do have tv's set up, but there is no audio, which was kind of nice because it was not super loud where you couldn't have a conversation.This is a brewery, so naturally I had to try their sampler.  I had the lager, blonde, hefe, and seasonal.  This is no La Cumbre.  All of the beers tasted a little weak and did not really stand out from one another.  So why all the stars?  Everyone we were with loved their food.  We had a large variety of food and nobody complained.  I had the clam chowder in a bread bowl.  There are not too many places in Abq where you can find that.  The bowl was even toasted, so the bread was nice and crispy. I was told the burger and pizza was very good.  And avocado eggrolls...yum!  This is a lively scene at the moment.
<review# 718,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2012,11/27/2012,41,129,,1,1>The food and service was good.  I was really happy that my side could be a combo of fries and onion rings! My friends told me that they are now owned by a new owner and the prices went up a little. I still thought the prices were ok. Next time I need to try the french dip.
<review# 719,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2012,11/26/2012,4,4,2,8,4>Square Root is a fantastic salon- the guys who own it run it with integrity, quality, and a huge focus customer service... They work hard at making us look beautiful! I have a difficult scenario- platinum color combined with super fine hair- and Anna Jones gets it right every time. What I love about her is she is honest, and will tell me if I am asking for a cut or color that just won't work with my hair type. You will pay for the quality here, it's not the cheapest salon in town- but the great thing is it is a very collaborative environment; so even if you go for a less experienced (read:cheaper) stylist, David and Jason are always there to keep an eye out or consult when needed, so you benefit from their many years of experience. David and Jason are truly two of the best stylists in the Burque, not to mention great guys with good hearts and a real passion for their craft and creating a teaching and learning environment. I don't mind paying the price for the right cut and color, not to mention supporting a local business that operates with integrity and honesty. Head to Square Root, you won't be sorry!
<review# 720,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2012,11/25/2012,89,325,2,4,3>I've been here a few times and have been impressed each time. They also have good priced draft beers (including Marble Brewery). I like the setup and the patio is really nice to sit on (nice view of the Sandias). It's a fairly small restaurant.Pros: nice area with a nice view, friendly staff, good wine and beer menuCons: small (can get crowded)What to eat there: calamari appetizer, draft beers are well priced (including Marble, yum!), salad and small pizza combo during lunch is decently priced, their salads and pastas are good.
<review# 721,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2012,11/24/2012,0,3,2,5,3>Omg! Words can not explain how fantastic this place is.  Enjoyed a night out with my sister at the prestige right by Tara was very cautious about eating at this place since it was new and there was only other couple eating there. Decided to go since my dad wanted to try it out once.  I'm glad we did because I really enjoyed myself , my favorite was the sweet rice with coconut milk on top and peanut sauce beef with broccoli and carrots. These two dishes I HIGHLY recommend. The only request is that they would put more beef in the meal instead of all the veggies.  I think the sauce could also use some work and not make it as watery as it was but overall fantastic we will come again.   Oh, also beautiful art pieces designed by the chefs sister. It's so gorgeous and you can tell she put a lot of hard work into the pieces.
<review# 722,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2012,11/23/2012,31,77,,1,2>These guys have been open for less than a week and are already operating like a well-oiled machine! Kudos to the staff. The food was exactly what you'd expect from Chipotle. Consistent and tasty. If you're looking for spicy hot, this isn't your place. Even their "hottest" salsa is pretty mild in my opinion. They will tell you that their guacamole is great, and they are right.
<review# 723,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2012,11/22/2012,8,3,,2,1>I have given this restaurant five stars, because I have no reason to give it any less.  The time between appetizers, the main course and dessert was a fair amount of time.  That is, long enough for you to feel comfortable that your food was not actually coming out of some warmer and but not so long that you became irritable and ravenous.  The service was excellent and the owner was always walking around greeting people and doing his part to make sure the restaurant ran well.  The atmosphere is warm, yet sophisticated and a major amount of detail is put into the overall look of the place.   The food was excellent and appropriately portioned.  Two friends and I had the variety appetizer (meets and cheeses, etc.), the pizza (which they were more than happy to put the meat only on half for the vegetarian in the group) and some of their gelato and bread pudding for dessert.  If I were having family or friends in from out of town and wanted somewhere new and interesting to show off to them, I'd go back to Farina.  This is a great place and cannot imagine anyone ever having anything bad to say about it.
<review# 724,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2012,11/21/2012,5,98,2,4,3>I've eaten at Texas Roadhouse outlets in at least three states, and this chain has replaced Outback as "my" steakhouse.  I particularly love the ribs-I can finish off a half rack by myself; I'll take half of a whole rack home to enjoy the next day.The service is usually very prompt and attentive.  The rolls, accompanied by cinnamon honey butter, are put on the table as the party is seated, and they are TO. DIE. FOR.  I could make a meal from them if I weren't diabetic.  Their salads are very good, the house special steak is the best value on the menu.  There are a couple of things that I don't like about this outlet.  First: the waiting area for tables is ridiculously small, and the turnover of tables isn't quite fasts enough.  It would be very nice if, when one does a call-in onto the wait list, the list was accurate and the party could be seated quickly.  We were on the wait list after a call-in, and still had to wait for 25 minutes for our table.  And my old stand-by gripe:  this is NOT a sports bar.  There is no reason to have the televisions on all the time.  The music coming in over the speakers is adequate, and having a television with no volume doesn't thrill me.The restrooms are adequate, although the ladies' room is too small for the premises.  I guess that men are the primary architects of places such as this and they NEVER stop to consider that women just take longer!  Double the number of stools and it still wouldn't be enough at the height of rush hours.  I like the Roadhouse's mushroom/Swiss burger better than any other I've ever had.  The baked sweet potatoes are very good.  The steaks are decent and the prices are fair.
<review# 725,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/13/2012,11/20/2012,9,125,1,5,2>Top notch upscale dining in the suburbs.  The historic Luna mansion is beautiful on the inside and out.  The dining is formal and the staff friendly, courteous, and attentive.  The food was mixed.  The artichoke appetizer was somewhat bland and the toast was tough and rubbery, not crisp.  The entrees were much better.  My NY strip was an excellent aged cut seasoned and cooked perfectly.  My companion was extremely satisfied with the grilled salmon.  After dinner, we skipped dessert and wandered upstairs to the bar for the live entertainment and an after dinner drink.
<review# 726,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2012,11/19/2012,3,2,1,4,3>Amazing little gem for Italian cuisine. The fettuccini alfredo was by far the best I've sampled in Albuquerque. A lovely atmosphere as well. Perfect for a night out with a few friends or a casual yet romantic date. Only the first time here but can't wait for the second visit.
<review# 727,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2012,11/18/2012,65,120,1,5,4>The sign says "New Mexican Food".  The parking lot is always packed.  I drive by it all the time.  Why have I never eaten here?  Stupidity is the answer.  I took two friends to breakfast today and I have now found another favorite breakfast haunt in Burque.  I had cheese enchiladas with green chile.  My friends had Huevos Rancheros with red chile.  Everything was fantastic.  Both the red and green were hot and very flavorful and best of all they are really generous with it on your plate.  Another kudo is that they actually make their own whole pinto beans.  They are not from the can.  We spoke with the hostess and she confirmed everything is homemade.  In fact they were making fresh carne adovada and rellenos in the kitchen.  I am definitely going back.  Our breakfast meals were priced around $9 each which is a little on the high side but I will gladly pay it when the quality of the food is this good and home made.  Service was good and I really liked the ambience.  My friends commented it reminded them of the diner in Pulp Fiction.  It's a cool place and definitely is a great traditional New Mexican diner.
<review# 728,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2012,11/17/2012,0,5,,4,1>I am going to get a little long winded here, most folks call it babbling.As I drove through the lot seeking dinner and a fine point sharpie I saw the sign for WhattaBurger, Chili's, IHOP, and something called Dion's and a few more places. Chez Bob's has a small sign and is on a back corner.  I found my sharpie and made my way over to Bob's.  I had been a class for the last 9 hours and was in jeans, a polo and slip on shoes.  As I walked through the door I was sized up and realized I was under dressed with the ole slip ons but what the heck, I had money.I was greeted by David, aka. Sparky and seated at the table right outside of the kitchen door.  The initial service for water and menu was fast, I was greeted with a smile and a hello.  We did away with Sir right off the get go.  I opened the menu half expecting the normal hum drum Italian staples and had not made it to through the salads when Sparky told me the first special.  It was a 7oz filet with crumbled bleu cheese and a burgundy mushroom sauce, asparagus and oven roasted potatoes.  Done deal!  I had a choice of soup or salad and chose the salad.  I was happy to hear that all of the dressings were made in house and received the rundown.  Too many to choose from so Sparky told me he preferred the bleu cheese, again done deal.I sat alone reading the wine list and received a wonderful bruschetta topped with...all i heard was spinach and a few other things..amazing.  I went thru the wine list with David and being a white wine over red guy found a wonderful  Gewürztraminer that was not too sweet but perfect for me.  I rarely drink so the half glass was perfect.The salad arrived and it was the perfect size, fresh and no filler.  The dressing was good and had chunks of bleu cheese but not too much.I finished my salad and the freebie along with my wine.  While waiting for my dinner I was knocked over by one of my most favorite aromas - GARLIC!  I was able to watch kitchen staff and listen to people around me and what others were ordering.  everything appeared very fresh, folks were happy with the service (as was I) and it just seemed like a place I could go twice a month if I lived here.  Sparky and I talked about a variety of things including Colorado Springs, Albuquerque, Denver and how he enjoyed working at Chez Bob's.My dinner arrived and the first thing I bit into was the asparagus.  I judge a place off the cooking of veggies and the asparagus was perfect...no not good, not prepared well, it was perfect.  The fact that it still had some firmness to it and the flavor made me wish I had asked to skip the potatoes and get an extra order.I cut into the filet and was very happy.  I had ordered medium rare, and it was.  It cut like butter.  The crumbled bleu cheese was not overpowering to take away from the steak itself or the sauce.  I enjoyed it one piece at a time.The potatoes were fine and complimented the meal very well.  What can you really say about potatoes?Sparky talked me into a cup of coffee and I just soaked it all in.  He tried to get me for dessert but I could not find room.  The bill was brought and was $40.00.  worth every penny.  I was not pressured to leave even as they were filling up, I paid and left with a "Thank you brother." to Sparky.The decor was not bad, I saw the LED lights but thought nothing of it..really, when it comes down to it, who cares or notices unless you are trying to pick a place apart.  I was happy that when my meal came, other people were looking and thinking about it.  I saw the beef wellington come out at least 5 times so it must be good.  Service was outstanding, both gentlemen were kind, friendly and knew what was going on.  The best part is no one choked when I ate my salad with my dinner fork.Did I think it was pricey?  No.If you go, expect to wait a few minutes.  As their menu states, this is not fast food.  I only have a few days left here and will go back for lunch and crepes.I understand times are tough, but if you have about $20 to $30 per person, go and eat food that tastes great and fills you perfectly.
<review# 729,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2012,11/16/2012,69,414,1,4,3>This place rocks and reminds of of all the hole in the wall places in Northern NM great food along with great locals there breakfast is amazing and tastes like grandma made it not to mention you can even order a bowl of  menudo if you had a long night of drinking the night before.
<review# 730,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2012,11/15/2012,151,116,1,5,4>Too good for words.  Amazing food that is also cheap?  Even better!  Get the lengua burrito and horchata with whatever else you fancy.  The burrito is big enough for two and arrives stuffed with well-seasoned rice, beans, and large tender chunks of lengua.  Comes with fresh salsa on the side.   The horchata always tastes smooth, rich, and creamy.
<review# 731,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2012,11/14/2012,144,168,1,8,4>Mean Bao is a brand new bakery in the former Ecco Gelato storefront in Nob Hill. It's an Asian fusion bakery to be exact, serving a mix of Asian and American pastries, breads and cakes, sometimes with their own spin on them.They make all of their goodies fresh and from scratch daily and use local ingredients as much as possible. "I don't sell day-old things." said Sarah Lim, co-owner with her husband. Most of their treats can be shared with other person, so definitely fun for a date night if you want to share the indulgence, or if you don't want to necessarily overindulge. Though you may find you want to eat the whole Taiwanese Sweet Milk Roll.Mean Bao is a great place to hang out with lots of seating and a bright, clean atmosphere. They have free Wi-Fi. Most days you'll want to get there early, because their popular items tend to sell out fast. My friend and I wanted to try their Green Tea Milk Roll, a croissante like bread with a green tea custard filling, but they were all out that day. Other popular items are their Bolo Bao, a sweet white bread with a vanilla egg custard on the inside, and Pineapple Cakes.If you purchase one of their travel mugs, bring it in every time you go there and receive free tea or coffee with any bakery purchase.The owners are really nice and want to cater to all of your needs as much as possible. In fact, every month, they donate 10% of their profits to a particular local charity. They are open long hours every day, except Monday when the bakery is closed.Mian Bao means bread. Humor would have the owners. They decided to name their storefront, Mean Bao instead, because of the internet slang, BAO, means "Beware of." So literal translation is "Mean Beware Of" ... Mean Bread. Mean a** Bread. And it does kick some a** it's so good.
<review# 732,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2012,11/13/2012,14,10,5,7,3>I love this place, nice people, good food, average price.... Not super as far as a club scene goes, but club scene isn't my style. Perfect in the mid to late afternoon for lunch and drinks. The girls are lovely and sweet, and the door men are nice. The sliders with pepper jack and grilled onions and a Guinness! The best. Like I said, the club scene is terrifying, bunch of drunken jersey shore morons that end up in your lap while you're drinking a beer on the patio.... But that isn't the library's fault, it's a business. I;m thinking the majority of people that have posted negative reviews, are like me and don't like the club scene, but have only been at night. Try going during the day or early evening, I'll be on the patio enjoying the day.
<review# 733,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2012,11/12/2012,120,150,3,5,3>I have spent many years spending little money on my hair...and it probably showed. So about a year and a half ago I decided to just suck it up, find a good stylist, and shell out a bit more money. Little did I know how great it would turn out to be! I've been going to Casa Verde since summer 2011 and am thrilled with the services. Denise is my regular stylist, but I have also had to have another stylist due to my lame ass schedule changes and she was also great. Other things in the plus column include the hand massage you get while waiting for your color to set, and the new online appointment booking.
<review# 734,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2012,11/11/2012,33,177,1,7,4>I love the buffet at India Palace. LOVE it. Not only does it feature several of the best Indian dishes in the Duke City, they change the numerous offerings around all the time so you don't end up eating the same food every time you go. Add to that impeccable service, competitive prices, and a beautiful decor and you have one of the very best options for Indian cuisine in ABQ. Like most people, my favorite Indian dishes are chicken tikka masala and saag paneer and they just rock these at India Palace. Their tandoori chicken, which ends up in a lot of the chicken based dishes like the tikka masala, is outstanding. It's got that rich, smokey, grilled flavor and juicy, tender texture that can only come from a real tandoor. They offer it on its own as well, for a delicious, healthy entree. The thick, decadent tikka masala sauce is knee-weakeningly delicious and is the perfect complement to that smokey chicken. Fortunately, they almost never switch this one out on the buffet. India Palace does the best version I can remember of the other classic dish, saag paneer. I generally hate cooked spinach, and I'm pretty particular about my saag paneer, but the way they make it here with plenty of cream, spices, and onions is just perfect. And they don't skimp on the paneer either.Of course, they have many other dishes that are excellent as well. From the spicy vindaloo to the creamy curries to the braised goat to the delicious little kormas to the Punjabi dishes to the crisp, fresh naan, it's hard to find something that's not terrific and gourmet. There are simply too many excellent dishes for me to go through them all individually. But I will say, the dinner portions are pretty large, and when you order entrees the food is even better. But first, try the buffet and get an idea of what they do well. You know, everything.
<review# 735,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2012,11/10/2012,22,70,3,3,3>If you are feeling the need to eat breakfast, lunch, and dinner at one venue, then Marble is your spot. Breakfast: Oatmeal Stout. Lunch: Wildflower Wheat. Wheat = bread. Dinner: Double IPA, which I convince myself is a "hop salad."CHEERS: 3 beer limit is rarely observed. Invest $25 in a Marble VIP card- it's the best investment (and the only) that I have ever made. Free self serve water. Tabs usually get screwed up in my favor- I feel bad for the poor slob that ends up with 1/2 of my beers on their tab- sorry, pal. Pumpkin Ale might as well be called Drunkin Pumpkin. Sweet Belgian style beers that will totally respect you in the morning. Let's talk about the DOUBLE WHITE: This beer is more complex than the godfather of the style, Ommegang Witte. Believe me, I have consumed more than my fair share of Witte and spent plenty of summer afternoons on the patio of the Blue Tusk in Syracuse, NY reveling in the sun and drinking away the day with the Ommegang standard. All of the traditional essence, mostly true to character, and (its bold, I know) given the choice, it's Marble Double White for me. Double White beer notes: Eye Candy: Translucent and hazy, straw like bordering on goldenrod. Thin and tight cloud white head. Plenty of rising carbonation bubbles. Lacing present on glass throughout session.The Nose Knows: Lemon zest, cardamon, citric and peppery with an underlying earthy grass like character.Toungeland: wheat and grains in the front, spices subtle at first, then emerging rather aggressively. Young, slightly ripe mango; tangelo like citrus with a hint of sweetness, some tartness, juicy citrus character abounds; dusty funk and clove in the middle. Finishes peppery and dry. Thick and wet, full and tongue-coating. A complex assault upon the palate.JEERS: Hipsters galore. Please. Go. Away. Seating is at a premium here- If you can't make it to Marble until 6 pm on a Friday, I advise consuming an extra large order of refried beans two hours before. Believe me, you will clear the place out (hint, hint). No rooftop patio? And where is the beerslide?
<review# 736,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2012,11/9/2012,50,223,1,4,4>The Paseo del Bosque Trail is Albuquerque's largest multi-use trail (bike, walk, run).  It follows the city from north to south along the river.  As the trail's website mentions, "Sunset Magazine recently featured the Paseo del Bosque as one of the best trails in the Western US" and  "National Geographic Adventure Magazine recently named Albuquerque as one of the best cities for outdoor adventure, and highlighted the Paseo del Bosque trail."  So yeah, its a great trail.You can grab the trail at one of seven points along the river (the northernmost is at Alameda and the furthest South is at Rio Bravo).  Parking lots at the access poiints are often near capacity early in the morning when running clubs meet.  Once on the trail you usually have the option of taking the paved road or entering the cottonwood bosque (forest) to trave along a dirt path. Take plenty of water, especially if you have dogs with you (which technically need to be leashed... ).  Note, if you go off trail you may, on occasion, come across the campsite of a self sufficient person that is also enjoying the wilderness (e.g. a homeless person)... be respectful and move on.
<review# 737,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2012,11/8/2012,1,1,2,5,3>Best service I've had in months, beats any hand car wash hands down. Interior and Exterior came out beautiful. The wheels stayed polished for more than a week. My vehicle is black and even after a sprinkle of rain the didn't affect the spot free rinse. I was very Impressed. Fast and courteous Service! Will definitely  go back....
<review# 738,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2012,11/7/2012,0,3,,2,3>Went in a week or so ago to price a certain type of Mossberg 500. They ended up having the specific model I wanted at a more then fair price. Their 2 free range visits with gun purchase isn't a bad perk either. Went in today to cash in my range visit and put a few rounds through the Mossberg. I was instantly remembered and welcomed by the staff. They all are friendly and passionate about what they do. The range is well lite and not very busy. I took my fiancé here to teach her how to handle and fire my handgun. Highly recommend for first time shooters.  They made her feel safe and comfortable in a very controlled environment. Strongly considering a membership. Thank you to all the staff at Calibers.
<review# 739,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2012,11/6/2012,8,15,3,9,2>I'm a huge fan of Corner Post Company. I have rented all over Albuquerque and with a variety of managers and management companies, from very amateur landlords and from expensive rental companies. Over the past several years, my best experiences have been with Corner Post Co. I have had the pleasure of renting from them on two occasions and they are phenomenal! Here's a brief list of what you will get from them that you will not find elsewhere.1) Linda, sooo kind and helpful!2) Accommodating. When you own a 100 pound dog, it's difficult to find a rental that's in a good location and reasonably priced. 3) A current website. I wonder if it's updated hourly?!4) Customer service, customer service, CUSTOMER SERVICE! 5) All of the property managers are on top of business. Leaky faucet, they'll have someone out tomorrow if they can! Want to see a place, meet me there today.6) Clean, updated and quirky spaces in locations all over town. 7) If you're good to them, they'll be good to you.8) Most of all, honesty and fairness. I recommend Corner Post over any other rental company in Albuquerque.
<review# 740,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2012,11/5/2012,11,80,1,4,2>I actually went to this Big-O Tires after being completely ignored (for over 10 minutes) by the staff at the Sears Auto Center right across the street. Whereas the two staff members at Sears avoided eye-contact with me and puttered around with other customers, the guys at Big-O helped me diagnose my car issues (bent rim and something rubbing on a rear boot) almost immediately. They offered lots of advice, rotated my wheels to temporarily reduce the symptoms of the bent rim, and got me back on my way quickly.I got immediate, friendly service from a crew that clearly knew cars and loved looking at them and working on them. And they didn't even charge me for all the investigative work they did -- such an experience is uncommon in the automotive world, and this has certainly earned some loyalty on my part.
<review# 741,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2012,11/4/2012,1,1,1,6,4>The salon is conveniently located and very affordably priced given its Nob Hill location. It is well put together and very clean, and the staff is friendly and helpful. I followed my stylist, Jessica Lake, to this location and have continued to have her cut my hair for almost five years now. The salon provides a great experience and quality services at a very affordable price. I highly recommend it to my friends and family!
<review# 742,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/26/2012,11/3/2012,27,71,1,3,5>I grew up riding my bike to this little store on Lomas back in the day.  They exclusively served Italian ice, the perfect texture of snow like ice with delicious flavoring.  It closed when I was about 16.Then, one day, it magically appeared.  It was as if my childhood fairy godmother had magically brought it back from my youth.  I inquired about the history and turns out the original owner sold the entire store (secret recipes and all) to a family who owns it today.  They have expanded it to food and serve hotdogs, french fries, philly cheese steak sandwiches and of course...ITALIAN ICE.   It is still as good as it ever was!I am a fan.  My kids are fans.  The childhood memory lives on.
<review# 743,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/26/2012,11/2/2012,0,1,1,4,2>Good food and fantastic ambience. A little pricey but makes for a great date night. We had some difficulty getting seated but eventually the confusion cleared and really had little wait. Our waitress, Carrie, was fantastic and did a great job recommending a wine to go with the cheese platter appetizer that was perfect. She also made a perfect recommendation for dinner of the scallops with portabello mushrooms and spinach. All very tasty, just a little pricey. I highly recommend this place for date night or a special occasion. Also looked to be a great place for happy hour. Was a little loud from being so busy but not so loud that you couldn't carry on a conversation.
<review# 744,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2012,11/1/2012,50,115,8,17,3>I came to ABQ Hair Studio under the worst of circumstances, but the sweet and talented ladies here skillfully turned a disaster into a blessing. I originally came here with a half-finished hack-job after walking out in the middle of the worst haircut of my life (see my review for the HairCut Place). I was at such a low point that I could only hope for damage control. But my stylist, Brooklyn, grabbed control of the situation from the start. I am so glad she did!Brooklyn first compared my hair to the photo of the style I wanted, and then gave me three options of how we could try to achieve the look. Then, she started the haircut with a relaxing scalp massage. Finally, and most importantly, she assessed my mushroom cut only suited for a middle school boy in the early 90s and transformed it into a stylish asymmetrical pixie. She used special tools to add texture and volume to my hair, and recommended a few helpful styling products. She also instructed me on how to best comb and blowdry my new look in order to maximize texture and shape. Brooklyn was basically faced with the stylist's version of Top Chef. Can you make a cupcake using only lard, chili powder, and ground duck breast? I have no idea. But can you make a stylish pixie with long bangs when one side is hacked way too short and the back is partially shaved off? Why, yes! She can and she did!The best part - you get a talented stylist and pampered experience for only $35. I will definitely, most surely, be back!
<review# 745,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2012,10/31/2012,11,26,1,5,4>My wife and I have been here twice and sat in the exact same booth with the exact same waiter. Once was for her birthday and we got escargot as an appetizer followed by the Chateaubriand for Two. Neither of us had ever had escargot before, but decided to be adventurous considering the occasion. They were absolutely delicious down to the last one! The garlic buttery sauce they pour all over them was amazing! While the Chateaubriand for Two is the most expensive thing on the menu, it easily filled both of us. In fact, it was so good we had it the second time we went there as well! The red wine sauce is perfect and both times the meat was cooked exactly to our liking. It was one of those meals where we both just wanted to lick the plate clean! Just as everyone else has said, the table-side service is some of the best in the town. They keep the evening pleasant, romantic, and classy the whole time. Our waiter always knew the entire menu by heart including any specials that weren't on the menu and could answer any questions about any detail on a dish. Incredible! While it is expensive, the quality is unmatched while still being a filling meal and makes for a classy and romantic evening!
<review# 746,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/23/2012,10/30/2012,39,137,1,5,3>I've been to both Relish locations (Menaul & Rio Rancho) and was equally as impressed both times! I've ordered several different things before and been happy with them all.  Today I ordered the new Albuquerque Turkey, and boy was it tasty! I had the coleslaw as a side- this is always my fav, because they put slices of granny smith apples in it so you get that perfect combo of sweet/tart/salty. The food is always fast and fresh. Staff was friendly and even cleared our table for us after we ate. I love sandwich shops, and this is by far one of 505's great ones :) I'd have to say the prices are a little high compared to other shops, but I think the food is well worth it.
<review# 747,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/9/2008,10/29/2012,44,192,1,4,2>I was throughly impressed with this zoo.  Its not as big as the San Diego Zoo, but definitely bigger than the San Francisco zoo (both of which I have been to).  Their exhibits are broken down into geographical location; Africa, Australia, Tropical America, and an Asia exhibit being built.  Also on exhibit; polar bears, chimpanzees, silver back gorillas, and seals.  The zoo isn't huge, but it does have a wide variety of animal exhibits with some exceedingly rare animals that I haven't seen at a zoo before!  There is a train that you can ride that will give you an over view of the entire zoo so you can get an idea of what you want to see and do.  The train ride is 15 minutes long.  The zoo also has 3 or 4 gift shops, and 3 cafes.  The gift shop prices are average, but the cafe food is priced reasonably (read: a lot less than what you expect) and tastes halfway decent.  The best part about this zoo is that it seems to be an undiscovered gem in Albuquerque as there weren't too many people to get in the way during peak times.  The crowd is quite reasonable which means you can actually *look* at the animals, up close even, and really take them in.  Coming from CA, this kind of thing is a bit of a luxury as zoos are *always* overcrowded to the point of unpleasantness.  The only real drag about this place was the big cat exhibit.  The reason for this supposed "drag" has nothing to do with their lack of variety in terms of "big cats," simply that the areas designated for the big cats seemed awfully small.  For example, cheetahs are animals built for running but their enclosure was no where near big enough for them to exercise their natural running abilities.  The Panther enclosure was also exceedingly small for such a big cat, and my friend and I saw her pacing back and forth in an agitated manner.  We didn't know if she did this because she was hungry and waiting for the keeper to feed her, or if she was frustrated with the small space she had been put in.  I do love this zoo, and all the people who work there were just lovely, but I feel like they should allocate some money to expanding their big cat exhibit and creating larger enclosures for them.  Apart from that, it was really a very delightful place--a photographer's delight even, and I will definitely be visiting this place in the future.
<review# 748,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2010,10/28/2012,4,18,3,5,2>Long leash on Life is unlike any other pet supply store I've ever been to. The staff is incredibly knowledgeable on everything you can think of relating to your cat/dog. In addition to the coolest selection of toys, bowls, customizable pet head stones ( whoa!) they also have a gigantic selection of supplements for your pooch. The best/healthiest dog food brands are all right here!Support a local business and get ready to be blown away!
<review# 749,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2011,10/27/2012,2,9,1,4,2>Prompt, thorough, and professional - I called yesterday afternoon to ask about a termite inspection for a refinance application, and David was here this morning.  He not only carried out a thorough inspection, he explained everything he was doing as he worked, and gave me some pointers on simple ways we can monitor for termites in the future so that if they appear, we can get rid of them right away before they get entrenched.On top of everything else, Patriot gives a discount for military and veteran customers!
<review# 750,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2012,10/26/2012,36,106,1,4,3>My friend took me here for one of our gatherings. I lived near the ocean pretty much my whole life and I kind of miss it now that I moved to ABQ. That being said, the roof terrace of Bailey's completed transported me to my days at the beach. It had cool colors and décor, it was breezy, fresh and had a free/open feeling to it. The food was so tasty too! I'm sure I'll keep on going back to this place over and over again.(Update - 5/30/2012)This week I went to Bailey's with a group of friends and decided to bring my dog along. As usual in this place, I had a great time, but I want to make a special notice of how nice and welcoming the staff was to my dog. As soon as they saw her, they gave me natural treats for her and brought a bowl of fresh water to our table. I thought that was such a nice touch. Thank you Bailey's!!!
<review# 751,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2012,10/25/2012,16,95,2,3,4>I always enjoy eating at the range cafe.  The only problem with this location is that the crowd can be fairly old.The service is always attentive.  The food is fresh and interesting.  I particularly like the spinach enchiladas.  I have ordered them a few times. While they may be vegetarian, they are not healthy.  I have only tried the New Mexican/Mexican food but I have always enjoyed it.
<review# 752,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2012,10/24/2012,92,147,1,4,4>Some of the better food you'll find in old town, Crepe Michel is a cultural mismatch but worth it if you're in the area and/or want French food in Albuquerque. It's tucked back in an old-town alley in an old adobe building, but when you walk in it has the charm of an old, french town restaurant. This is not fancy dining, but the food is very good.I've gotten the croque madame (a ham and gruyere sandwich with a fried egg on top; my standard french restaurant test faire) and various sweet and savory crepes. All were very good, but more of a "great home-style" versus "fancy restaurant", which matches the decor.The service here has always been friendly, but sometimes slow. I don't know that I've been to a French restaurant that isn't.
<review# 753,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2011,10/23/2012,0,18,2,8,5>Updated comments:Since my first Yelp entry, I used T & T Tailoring for pants, shirts, sport coats, vests and overall, I found Tuyen (spelling?), the owner, to be a great tailor.  Not sure about her skills with suits because I haven't taken any to her, but sport coats were tailored well.  Her pricing was reasonable and she will do just what you instruct her to do, which I think is essential.  Many people expect tailors to know their style, but this can result in unhappy results.  Sure, good tailors can keep you from doing something that will damage the clothes or that will look horrible.  However, short of those extremes, you must know your own wants and then communicate them clearly (bring pictures of what you like!).  That's my opinion.  Men can't really buy designs driven by good fit in Abq. (think brands on Mr. Porter.com, J. Crew Liquor Store, Varvatos, Armani, etc.), plus, I am kind of slim and most clothes here are huge in girth, so I buy what I can, and get everything tailored to a custom fit.At any rate, I was happy with tailoring, especially pants - not hemming either - pant leg and seat slimming, really a rebuild of two new pairs of Brooks Brothers slacks.  The cut was too stodgy and I had her slim them down for a more modern look and she did a great job.  My other pieces didn't require such "technical' alterations, but all of the work was pretty good and when it wasn't, she did adjustments no charge.  I'm not saying T & T is perfect, but among tailors in this town, she does excellent work.Note on timeliness:  I noticed one comment that was pretty harsh, mainly due to a delay in getting some suits tailored.  It was harsh because, although I empathized with the comment, the individual apparently wrote it before the suits were finished, and never followed up regarding the quality of work.  In the past, Tuyen did all the work herself, both fittings and the taiiloring, often with her kids there (impressive really!).  Like others, I too experienced delays and it could be dissapointing.  However, once she did rush some clothes I needed for a trip, and got them done in a few days.  Since then though, she hired some seamstresses and has really improved her turnaround time.  Last month, she took in the sides of a few Lacoste polo shirts.  Stores in Abq don't sell these (I got them in Barcelona, but you can buy them larger towns like Denver too), so I didn't want them destroyed.  Based on past work, I wasn't too worried, and was pleased to find that they were ready to go when I came to pick them up, and they fit like they were made for me.
<review# 754,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2012,10/22/2012,3,16,1,4,3>Sharon Reviews Canon del Rio Retreat and Spa, Jemez, New MexicoIf you are ever in the Jemez, New Mexico area - maybe to see the Pueblo, the Pueblo Cultural Center, the hot springs or the many forest trails - you must stay at Canon del Rio.  It is fabulous, and I do not use the F word lightly!  It was great.I was in Jemez to check out the Fourth of July festivities, the Pueblo, Native American Dancers, a giant outdoor shopping space, the beautiful views from the hiking trails and little spots around Jemez, when I stayed at this fun bed and breakfast.  The price is a bit steep for the area but WORTH it.The rooms are nice, each with a theme and so comfortable.  They are stylish in a southwestern way.  The grounds are well kept and beautiful.  There is a sculpture garden out front which is a must-see.  The art on the walls are actually the owner's art and it is beautiful, colorful and for sale.  The great room has books to read, a computer to check your FaceBook, Twitter and other social networking sites, a television and many DVD movies to watch.  The rooms converge together and form a central patio outside.  There is a koi pond and other little sculptures in the gardens.  It is very peaceful.  There is a nice pool, hot tub, and my favorite was a dry sauna.  It is nice to alternate between the three. There are massages and other treatments available in the spa at an extra charge.  You can walk outside a ways and be at the heart of Jemez springs.  You can take a dip in the spring or walk along the lush green trails.  Take a camera!Breakfast was fabulous and was included.  Wow, the chef is the owner's daughter and she is as entertaining as she is a great cook.  That is one of the best brunches I have ever had.  And I don't use the B Word lightly!  Brunch is my thing.  She told us stories of Governor Gary Johnson which were positive and other great stories of other Gov's which were hilarious.  She is so much fun.  She knows quite a bit of history about the property and the paintings.This is a sparkling diamond in the wild landscape of Jemez.
<review# 755,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2012,10/21/2012,69,171,4,3,2>Oh my God! I finally understand why people move to Hatch and never leave. That is the best chile burger I've ever had.  From now on I do not drive from Albuquerque to Las Cruces, El Paso or Tucson without going here. Now if you'll excuse me, I need to cope with regretting so many drives past Hatch when i didn't know this place existed.  That's like 1000+ chile burgers that should have been in my belly!
<review# 756,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2008,10/20/2012,3,76,1,7,3>This French retailer just opened September 12, 2008 in the aging Coronado Mall in Albuquerque's Uptown retail district.Finally New Mexico gets a Sephora Store. It used to be you could only shop Sephora online or in larger cities like Phoenix, Denver, or Las Vegas. Now just head uptown ABQ.You will find bright lights, more cosmetics and fragrances that you could ever imagine. Prepare to give the nose a workout smelling all those perfumes. On a positive side you will get to rest your eyes on some beautiful women. Ahhhh......how they love this stuff.Staff were friendly. Lot's of stuff to test. Good free samples at checkout.Have fun !!!
<review# 757,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/23/2009,10/19/2012,9,35,5,24,8>If you are a pistol shooter who shoots a lot year round this is a very good option for you.  I was a member here for two years.The good:1)  Well monitored by the rangemaster.2)  Electric individually controlled paper target holders (no need to halt the shooting so people can go downrange, nobody ever goes downrange - shoot to your hearts content)3)  Climate controlled.  While not ever a perfect temperature it's far more comfortable than shooting outside in the dead of winter or the height of summer4)  They sell guns, ammo, accessories.  So often when shooting I think "damn, if only I had XXX" - this place often will have XXX (sort of a dangerous situation for the pocket book)5)  They have several classes including an Introduction to Handguns course as well as a Concealed Carry Class (so you can get a permit), I should note that I haven't taken a class here but like that they at least offer them.6)  They allow certain rifles/shotguns7)  A wide selection of guns available for renting8)  Each shooting position has a nice rubber lined tray/table and is separated by a partition/wall from the next position.9)  You don't need to become a member, they have single use passes and "pass books" available10)  To join they don't make you also join any political organization11)  It's relatively centrally located.  I work downtown and would often zoom up here for 30 minutes of shooting during lunch.The Bad:1)  Way more expensive than other ranges on an annual membership basis at about $250.  Zia Rifle and Pistol club, with multiple outdoor ranges for all different kinds of firearms, is less than half the price.   However if you get three other people to join Calibers with you the price drops to around $100 each.2)  It is incredibly loud (it's indoors after all).  Not at all a place to bring a new shooter, especially an unenthusiastic one or one who is nervous.3)  It is smoky.  You can practically feel the lead in the air stick to your skin and go into your lungs.  They have reasonably good ventilation but you get 15 guys shooting in a room together and it's going to be smoky4)  It is often crowded, especially on the weekends in the winter.  I've often had to wait an hour + to get an opportunity to shoot.  Of course now with the current ammunition shortage and associated price spike this might not be as much of a problem.3)  The crowd itself is a mix of "normal guys" (blue collars, yuppies, and retirees who are capable of good conversation and are friendly), pimple faced 20 somethings who giggle and cackle maniacly while shooting shotguns, off duty cops, and those gun nut guys who give us all a bad name (the know-it-all anti-social guy's with the permanent scowl and sagging pants, the ones that make people want to ban firearms because they assume all of us "gun" people are scary weirdos like these guys).  This mix can be both good and bad depending on the day.4)  The people who work there aren't unpleasant, but they aren't pleasant either.  Even when I was going here three time a week and had been a member for nearly two years they never acted like they remembered me (and I'm a memorable guy in a place like this), they never said "welcome back" or anything even vaguely appropriate for what is essentially a club.  I never got the impression they appreciated my (or anyones) business in fact.5)  The partitioned shooting stations are a mixed blessing.  It's nice to have some privacy and not have the guy standing next to you all up in your business, however shooting semi-autos can be problematic.  If you're short or stand far back the ejected brass will bounce off the wall and often back onto you.  If you are tall (as I am) or stand close to the line your brass will eject either over the wall or in front of it into the next booth over annoying your neighbor immensely.6)  As is the case with most "pro shops" in any sport the prices are a little exorbitant.  You're better off hitting up Sportsmans Warehouse on your way here or even (shudder) Walmart.7)  If you are wearing a tie, anything vaguely hip, or sport any tattoos people will stare at you like you're an alien (especially the saggy pant gun nuts I mentioned above).8)  They have two ranges but will often leave one closed even when they are busy and there is a line of people waiting to shoot, frustrating if you've paid $250 for a membership.I eventually stopped renewing my membership.  After a few years in New Mexico I had finally gotten used to the summer heat and the winter chill.  Instead I invested in some reactive steel targets and paper target stands, now I just shoot (legally) out in the BLM.If you don't want to drive 45 minutes out into the middle of no-where every time you want to shoot, or want climate control, this is a good option.
<review# 758,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2012,10/18/2012,2,52,1,4,2>My office orders from here regularly. Do you want a delicious sandwich for $10, including a pickle, a side and a cookie? This is your place. They also carry a wide variety of hot, as well as cold sandwiches. Definitely one of the best lunch places Downtown.
<review# 759,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2012,10/17/2012,59,13,1,7,4>I adopted a four year old dog from Animal Humane about four weeks ago. Lobo had severe separation anxiety to the point that he scratched my front door and would bark for minutes on end as soon as I stepped out of my house without him. Additionally, he felt the need to 'protect' me from intruders and barks constantly when I have guests over and even when the sit down, once they stand back up or make any sudden movements, Lobo goes back into his barking frenzy. I felt it was imperative for me to seek help with this behavioral issues.The vet recommended I look into Bark Busters and I'm so glad I did. James Landers came to my house right on-time and within a couple of hours my dog was put on track to recovery. I have homework to do, but I feel extremely confident, based on the progress he has already made, that as I continue his training his problems will be a thing of the past. I also really like their lifetime guarantee and feel confident that I could always call with questions should any issues arise. I highly recommend you call and talk to James about the problems you may be facing with your dog. You'll be glad you did.
<review# 760,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2011,10/16/2012,3,13,1,2,2>Fantastic burgers, but the fries are insane- as in WAY too many.  I've never visited when there is no line to order. Although the ordering process moves along at a good clip, there is not enough seating even when you include the outdoor patio. Why is that? My guess is because people are trying to eat all of the fries they shove into the bag. Seriously Five Guys, ease up on that will ya?
<review# 761,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2011,10/15/2012,18,23,2,3,4>Some of the best BBQ you can find in the ABQ. Backyard style. So get your loaf of bread ready and throw your meat and sauce on the paper mat and go. This is not a "first date" destination. This is a place to bring your 2-12 kids and have them stuff their face. Shower should be taken after your eat here. Your BBQ sauce choices are rudy's regular sauce and rudy's sissy sauce. Presumably, he made this one for the very weak, because the regular is hardly spicy. Landscaping is good, including the extremely large UNM Lobos logo on the side of the building. Represent.
<review# 762,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2010,10/14/2012,52,86,1,4,4>This is by far the best Italian restaurant in town. The portions are generous, the sauces are delicious, and the atmosphere is great. I took my father here once--a man who likes very little; he ordered the pork chops and commented on how good they were. That's a miracle!Check out the shrimp diavlo if you're a fan of spicy dishes. The pasta woozie is also a great choice. And if you're in the mood for salad, definitely go for the ensalata de la casa (the house salad)--they serve it with deep fried pasta strips and a creamy Italian dressing; probably the best salad I've had anywhere in town.If you're looking for Italian, this place is worth the drive.
<review# 763,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2012,10/13/2012,1,7,1,2,2>This place is  the best brewery in town. All the beers taste great and are full of flavor. Out of all the breweries I have been to in this country this place has the best beer..The tap room is a nice place to hangout and the staff are very friendly. I will will be back again and again.
<review# 764,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2012,10/12/2012,10,13,1,3,2>Nob Hill flower shop did my flowers for wedding and they were awesome! They had everything ready to pick up at the right time and they were perfect. We did centerpieces, bouquets, and boutonnières.  They also do the weekly flowers at my business. They are on top of their game! Any time I need to order flowers on a whim, I call, tell them the price and they always do something beautiful. I highly recommend them as a florist for every need.
<review# 765,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2012,10/11/2012,34,125,,7,3>This place is awesome. First, about the location: This restaurant is tucked away on the Northwestern corner of Eubank and Candelaria. It's right next to the tuxedo shop and can easily be missed by cars driving by. What the restaurant lacks in visibility it makes up for in service.The restaurant has two servers: A flamboyant and fun man named Chris, and a part time early-tweenish kid name Skyler. The two of these men work together as a team to deliver some of the kick butt Korean and Chinese dishes prepared for by Mom in the kitchen. I find that I get a little bit of saucy attitude and fun from Chris each time we visit. Overall the food here is simply excellent. I find the food is the right blend of spicy and tangy with a little bit of an odd flavor kick in the palette to really keep things interesting. I always get the Bulgogi when I come in because the juicy and smoky flavor of the meat just keeps me coming back for more.The restaurant does have its homely charms though. Be sure to bring cash: Chris seems to be a bit spiteful about accepting credit card transactions. Also be sure to get water in addition to any soft drinks you get: they are charged for by the can. Light Heckling of the staff here is encouraged. Remember your Ferengi rules of Acquisition! Exploitation always begins at home!
<review# 766,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2012,10/10/2012,58,146,1,6,4>Quick Service, Good Food. They take your order at the counter, give you a number and your food is out in 5- 10 minutes.Il Vicino is a good stand-by any time of day, weekday or weekend. The pizzas are fresh, made to order (they are happy to add items or leave items off) and filling but not overwhelmingly big. One pizza can be shared between 2 people or eaten by one person. I can eat one by myself on a good day.  The brick oven gives the pizzas a crispy crunch and wood-fired flavor. The paninis and salads are also made to order, flavorful and served quickly. My favorite panini is the chicken and pesto; it never disappoints.Il Vicino also brews their own beer. We bought a growler to keep our refrigerator stocked with it. Also, don't forget your punch card (or ask for one next time you're there). 10 meals and you get the 11th free. Sweet Deal.
<review# 767,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2012,10/9/2012,0,6,,4,2>Excellent gem of a bakery! It's a little hidden in Old Town but worth looking for. They have a great whole wheat selection of pastries (the chocolate chip cookies & honey buns are my favorites). They also carry other non-wheat pastries, brownies, sandwiches, breads and coffee. The atmosphere is quaint and charming, perfect for Old Town. The owner is friendly and inviting and always makes for great conversation. I highly recommend visiting this bakery when in the ABQ area.
<review# 768,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2012,10/8/2012,67,177,1,5,2>If you like cake donuts, this is the place for you!  Some people prefer the yeast ones.. (like krispy kreme style..) which they have too but their cake donuts are OUT OF THIS WORLD... can't go back to dunkin after having these...love how when i'd eat them at work and set them on my napkin, they left a great donut shaped greasy ring on the napkin.. oh well.. that ring reminds me that I should only have one at a time.. :(   my personal fav is the maple cake donut... dipped in some coffee.. ugh... the BEST!
<review# 769,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2012,10/7/2012,179,284,2,7,3>I like this groomer.  My dogs like this groomer.  I love that I can go online and make an appointment.  The cuts are not show quality, and depending on who grooms your dog, they are not always consistent, but the people are very friendly, and I don't have show dogs... So this place totally works for me.  Last few things:  you don't take your dog in and leave it all day, which is a pro and a con, and the parking is tight... as in very small parking lot, so don't plan on bringing your Hummer unless you want to park across the street.  About the the timing, I do have to schedule grooming around being able to come back in a few hours to pick my pups up.  They like that, which is a good thing.
<review# 770,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2010,10/6/2012,34,128,1,11,2>I hate car mechanics..you always feel like you're getting the short end of the stick. Not these guys!  They are so great.  They have worked on my Prius and always show me exactly what has been done to the car and all the old/used parts that they replaced.Super honest and professional.  I will continue to take my car to them.
<review# 771,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2012,10/5/2012,0,29,1,4,1>This is an excellent restaurant. Placitas has two options for restaurants and they are both great. Blades is the place to go for dinner. They had a prix fixe menu option when we visited to celebrate their anniversary. Naturally we selected that and tried everything on it. The restaurant was smaller but very nice. They have a bar area too. We made a reservation via yelp. I would recommend doing the same.
<review# 772,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2012,10/4/2012,81,210,4,6,5>Hungover from one drink too many the night before, I randomly stumbled across K & I via my search for dive-y diner food. Intrigued by the fact that my friends and I had never heard of this place, my husband and I decided to give it a try. Plastered to the wall, there are photos of people taking on 'The Travis.' This gargantuan undertaking is not for the faint of heart. Think "Man Vs. Food" style here. After gazing upon the almighty Travis in it's french fry encrusted, green chile smothered glory, I decided "oh heeeellllll no."  So I ordered a 1/4 of the Travis. The green chile was perfectly spicy and flavorful. The ground beef was juicy and flavorful (and not greasy!). The fries were cooked well enough that the green chile sauce didn't immediately turn them into mush.Everything on the menu is super-sized. Your hunger will definitely be curbed and you won't be disappointed by the food. Both the red and green chile are awesome!  My only complaint would be that service can be slow at times because the layout of the restaurant is awkward. My advice? Order a large drink-- then you are guaranteed to not need a refill. Also, maybe try and sit in the front room to get more attentive service. I may have only managed to eat an 1/8 of the Travis, but I will definitely be back...maybe with 12 of my friends...maybe to try and take on The Travis.
<review# 773,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2011,10/3/2012,2,30,4,9,4>Can I just say that Melanie Gold is a genius with cupcakes?  Her little shop on the NE corner of 3rd and Copper should have lines out the door from the moment they open until the second they run out of cupcakes - which would be much earlier than their posted closing time of 2pm.  This woman knows what to do with a cupcake.  And she does it all in this little shop in a little convection oven.  I'm serious - pure genius.  I first experienced Gold Rush Cupcakes during the 4th annual Chef Cookoff's version of "Cupcake Wars".  There were 4 or 5 other purveyors of "gourmet" cupcakes and Gold Rush left them in the dust.  Since then, we've been into the shop a couple of times, and it's been a struggle to keep it to that.  If I had my way (and wouldn't end up being the size of an RV as a result), I would eat multiples of these each and every day.Melanie's talent as a baker is undeniable.  I'm a bit of a baker myself and am such an amateur by comparison that there actually is no comparison.  Somehow, this woman manages to make the most delectable, delicately moist cakes topped off by the "wow" factor of her amazing frostings.  Have you ever had a lime frosting that actually tastes like limes?  I have...at Gold Rush (called the Limestone Cowboy).  Some of the other standouts include the "Orange ya Glad We're Friends?" (remember the orange push-up pops we had as kids that tasted like orange cream?), the Tiramisu, anything with her peanut butter frosting or banana frosting and the OMG so delicious Cherry Cheesecake.  And that's just of the one's I've actually tried.Gold Rush is open M-F from 9am - 3pm, or until they run out of cupcakes.  Pricing varies depending upon whether you pre-order specific kinds or walk in and pick off the shelf.So, if you're looking for a birthday "cake", a surprise for a special teacher or just an OMG delicious treat for the family, Rush over to Gold Rush.  Trust me, you'll never look at a cupcake the same way again.
<review# 774,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2012,10/2/2012,93,123,,9,5>Friendly staff, webcams that allow you to spy on your dog on their website during the day!Whenever we go out of town, we always go to Beck'n Call for doggy daycare and sleepovers.  It's fairly priced and they also have other services (i.e. nail clipping, grooming, etc.).  They have playrooms inside and out and can wander around their gated facility until it's dinner and bedtime.  They allow you to bring your own food, which is nice because switching formulas without gradually transitioning them to the new food can cause tummy/digestive problems.Our dog loves coming here and is always tuckered out when she comes home, which is great for mom and dad!  We're happy to know that there's a place we can take our little one when we're away and won't have to worry about anything.
<review# 775,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2012,10/1/2012,17,7,,3,4>After hearing about Rebel Donut on the news, I decided to try it out.  Rebel Donut is  a great donut shop selling donuts (obviously),  cakes, coffee, and espresso drinks.  In typical donut shop style, an assortment of delicious dough rings are displayed behind a glass case... and that is where the similarity to your run-of-the-mill shop ends.  The selection is heavy with out-of-the-box thinking with fun selections and a good glazing of pop culture.At my visit, I had the Maple Bacon log and the Birthday Cake donuts while my friend had the Red Velvet Rebel, a maple donut with nuts, and a cinnamon sugar donut.  The Maple Bacon Log has real bacon strips on it -- utterly amazing and totally work the premium pricing.  It's the best of both amazing breakfast foods.Rebel Donuts stands out with its selection of Premium, Fancy, and Classic dounts some with interesting names.  The two that stood out to me were the Homer, the iconic pink frosted donut with sprinkles styled from The Simpson and the Breaking Bad , a ring of goodness paying homage to the show which is filmed in the Duke City. The store has been open about a month and the service, food, and website were very good.Bottom-line:  A great new donut shop in Albuquerque specializing in unique, high-quality creations.  Try it out for a real treat.
<review# 776,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2011,9/30/2012,37,4,1,6,3>This is the second location for Lumpy's in the ABQ.  Already I think I like it better than the original just because of the roof.  While I LOVE the original, in the dead of winter it's nice to be able to eat WITHOUT getting soaked, snowed on, or dust in the burger (with my luck, it rains sideways).  You still fill out your burger on the brown paper bag, and you still pick your potato, but there's comfortable seating, and you're not yelling at the cashier through a window.  We got our order for eat in, and it was strange not having it come in the bag, came on a metal tray.   The burgers also looked different from their predecessors at Lumpy's #1, they weren't wrapped, and stood more like an advertisement, rather than being smooshed in the bottom of the bag.   But it tasted just like normal...
<review# 777,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2011,9/29/2012,115,156,,8,2>Living in Albuquerque one can trip over fantastic places for their "chile" fix.Located on the corner of 12th and mountain in (if you can remember) a building that used to be a corner grocery store is  Cocina Azul.Great service, amazing chile (red and green) nice environment and killer atmosphere. Went today with some friends and was pleasantly surprised at how outstanding the entire experience was. Hot green chile, nice spicy red chile and hashbrowns that pretty much ruled. check it out.Owner are super hands on and service is attentive without being overbearing. Salsa that is fresh and chile con queso that is perfect.
<review# 778,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2012,9/28/2012,15,103,1,2,2>I eat here so much, I always forget to rate it - totally take it for granted.  Don't let the older building scare you away.  Service is good, efficient - it is a quick service restaurant.  Drive thru is quick.  You think BBQ and chicken, but their carne adovada is some of the best in town.  Who knew from a bbq place right.  They don't advertise it, but since it is right across the street from the hospital, you can get the UNM guest wifi, so free wifi!Plus, you can get Frontier's famous cinnamon rolls here in a totally different atmosphere.Try to go when they are smoking ribs, the smell is awesome, I tend to eat in my car just to enjoy the smell.
<review# 779,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2011,9/27/2012,13,21,2,3,3>This was one of the best places I've been for a restaurant that has a large variety of options, from sushi, to Japanese, Thai, and Vietnamese dishes. The service was very good, waiter was very nice, attentive, and helpful, and the atmosphere was very nice as well. Decorated quaintly and dimly lit, it was a relaxing place to have dinner. I had the Japanese curry, the presentation was beautiful, and the taste was also delicious. The curry was sweet yet savory, with potatoes, chicken, carrots, and celery. Also served with steamed rice, and like other reviewers say, miso soup (which comes prior to the meal). I had the green tea which was okay, but not the best. The prices were reasonable, and overall the food and service made me rate the place 5 stars, and I look forward to going back soon to try more!
<review# 780,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2012,9/26/2012,157,655,1,9,7>This place isn't particularly easy to find and doesn't seem to have the name recognition of of Tractor or Marble, but I think the secret will soon be out. The beer selection here is diverse and there are some bold and adventurous concoctions to choose from. If you go soon, you'll probably still be able to catch the Imperial Cream, which, much like the name suggests, is a creamy little brew with a mildy sweet taste and smooth drinkability. I've enjoyed it on my last two visits and love that it's only $5 (albeit for a 12 oz. glass). Another standout for me here was the brown ale, another special beer not always on tap. This beer was crisp and had hints of coffee while maintaining it's drinkability. Beyond the beer, this place gets major brownie points for its creative menu and delicious food. The first time I visited here I was pleased to see some of New Mexico's own calabacitas on the menu. I ordered these with another favorite New Mexican dish of mine, a frito pie, and was thoroughly impressed by what I receieved. The calabacitas were a generous serving of squash, corn, cheese and green chile and brought back fond memories of growing up in the north. Then came the massive frito pie, which easily could have fed me and another on this day that I wasn't so hungry. The chile was damn good, but also extremely spicy, which was really a test of my New Mexicanness. On my most recent visit, a friend and I gobbled up the garlic parmesan fries, which had a healthy smothering of cheese that really made them and then followed with the chicken and waffles. The fried chicken was pretty solid---crispy and flavorful---and something I'd probably have again. The waffle could have been cooked more but was still good, although it was your standard waffle with no frills.Overall, this place is a win. Good food, good beer and good prices.Sometimes I feel like a prisoner in medieval England getting quartered, but rather than horses, it's breweries that are pulling me in all directions. You have La Cumbre, Marble, Tractor and this place beckoning. Ultimately, this place has an advantage with the outstanding food, so this could get interesting.
<review# 781,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2012,9/25/2012,123,1032,4,6,5>Got a definite Southeast Asian/tiki vibe from this place. Me being from New Mexico, of course I loved it. I'm a total tiki geek. While this place isn't Burt's Tiki Lounge, it still has some tropical drinks and deserves to be counted in that oeuvre of establishments.I liked that atmosphere, which by the bar, was dark and intimate. I see they have ample patio seating, and even live music. Win/win.Food was pretty good. Long menu, and they even offer gluten-free items. Again, lots of Asian influence here, with brown rice being an option, as well as Thai basil and water chestnuts popping up all over the place. It's a good place to eat healthy, but you can still get non-rabbit food, too.
<review# 782,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/13/2010,9/24/2012,10,15,3,4,2>Paul Cox has been cutting and coloring my hair for years and he is FANTASTIC!  I'm naturally brunette and he gradually took my hair to a beautiful light blonde without frying it off of my head!  We've worked our way back to dark brown hair now and my hair is healthy and strong.  He's been at this salon for more than a decade and is very knowledgeable while also being enthusiastic with each client.  The salon uses Aveda products...I don't like their makeup but LOVE their hair products!  This is NOT a budget salon but I have girlfriends that don't invest in their hair...and they look like someone attacked them with a hedge clipper and colored their hair with kool aid.  Invest in yourself and go see Paul!!!!
<review# 783,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2012,9/23/2012,2,14,1,7,1>Mansureh is a fantastic seamstress and a pleasure to work with. I took my bridesmaid dress in with 3 weeks to go before the wedding. She gone it altered in a week. I thought I might need the bust let out a little, but she showed me how I could wear it without having it altered. Now it fits perfectly and I'm actually really excited to wear the dress. On top of that, she is a pleasure to deal with. I will never go to anyone else again. Oh, and the prices are more than reasonable. I was actually prepared to pay her much more than what she charged. Go see her!
<review# 784,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2011,9/22/2012,25,33,,1,2>The food is honest and good, and an excellent value. We had Porchetta sandwiches (pork loin, sauce, Havarti cheese, marinated vegetables, grilled peppers), salads (the Greek and Caesar), and a cheese pizzetta for our little boy. The bread for the sandwiches was crispy and fresh.  Although the pizza wasn't top notch (e.g. Farinas or Il Vicino) it was hand made and tasty, and it was $5.00.They have a dozen craft beers on tap, including Marble brewing, with all "local" pints for $2.50. Unbelievable. They also have inexpensive cocktails, including Margarita and Bloody Mary specials.  Not many places where two pints and a delicious hot sandwich will cost you $10!Service was friendly and attentive, unexpected for Albuquerque. Outdoor seating is nice, and it's a bonus that we can walk there from our house. Actually, it's quite nice how this area is getting developed into almost a pedestrian zone, with multiple new restaurants that have outdoor tables. The place could use some umbrellas, and I imagine that it is hard to find seating during the evening, at least as long as UNM is in session.
<review# 785,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2012,9/21/2012,47,133,,2,3>May Cafe is not your typical Vietnamese eatery, well it is, but it goes past that. They have recently revamped the look inside this cute little place adding some new colors, a new look, and a redone menu. The service here is more than excellent. You get your food promptly after ordering and you never have to wait more than 15 minutes for anything. The soup during the colder months is one of my favorite little treats, because it is amazing. It is seriously one of the best soups I have eaten in my whole entire life. Their vermicelli dishes are great for warm months because they are chilled and it isn't too heavy which makes it an excellent lunch choice. I have slowly been attempting to try new dishes while still indulging in my cravings for certain dishes, and I must say I haven't eaten anything bad on their menu. Try their thai iced teas, spring rolls, and vermicelli for an awesome lunch or dinner!
<review# 786,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2012,9/20/2012,68,230,,4,2>I get happy just pulling my car up to Great Harvest.  I walk in and immediately go to the bread tasting station.  Maybe that's bad manners, I don't know, maybe I should wait for one of them to offer me a slice (they always do) but I am just so eager to see what delicious treats are available that day, I can't wait!I have never had a bite of anything there that wasn't sinfully delicious.  It's shocking that people still buy crappy mass-produced bread when this delicious, mouth-watering, unbelievably yummy slice of heaven is available right here in our little corner of the world!  Okay, it does cost a little bit more that a loaf of Wonder.  But seriously, it is worth it.The sourdough is actually sour!!!  I am a Northern California girl, and nothing irritates me more than buying a loaf of "sourdough" only to find I have bought a loaf of white bread.  This stuff is SO GOOD!!!  Reminds me of home.  Yum yum yum!!!The honey wheat and honey white are just amazing - I could eat them for days.  The plain Italian loaf is anything but plain - to die for with some Brie, but delicious on its  own.  The dessert loaves - oh my...  The strawberry peach!!!  I am not the least bit ashamed to say I would happily eat an entire loaf on my own - but I never have.  So delicious!  Blueberry sour cream, also delectable.  I fervently wish they would make a coconut loaf WITHOUT walnuts - cant stand walnuts...They have amazing cookies, brownies, bars, biscotti, all kinds of delicious treats.  Nothing is less than tantalizing, you will find yourself wanting to buy it all and despairing over which to choose to eat first.  It's a delectable conundrum I relish and anticipate weekly.But the bread - it's the bread I crave...
<review# 787,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2010,9/19/2012,1,12,4,8,4>The Apothecary Lounge is stocked with excellent liquors and an extensive bitters program, as well as a small, pricey "international tapas" menu, all served by old-timey-dressed servers. The deco/medical decor and the rooftop patio are beautiful. The soundtrack is crooners and torch singers and the televisions play TCM. I hope Albuquerque can handle a place as nice as this.
<review# 788,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2009,9/18/2012,14,25,1,5,4>WOW- OUCH - TOUGH- AMAZING - Psyche yourself up drink plenty of water don't wear layers and get ready to sweat.  This place rocks and it's good for you, flush out the toxins, build strength and get ready for a new you.  Having a bad day? Go to Hot Yoga and that bad day will disappear in a second, your mind will immediately be focused on doing the pose and on your breath.Do wear something spandex since cotton gets heavy when its wet-as little as possible because you will be drenched in sweat-you will feel euphoric after and the feeling will resonate though out the rest of your day.   Remember to drink water through out the day-I suggest you freeze half of your water bottle so when you go to class the water will be cold-it will melt with in the first 15 minutes....~NAMASTE~
<review# 789,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2012,9/17/2012,17,126,,3,2>Located in the back northwest corner of the Scottsdale Village Shopping Center. Kung Fu Cowboy Tea House Cafe, formally Annapolis.The place has very warm colors, shades of green and yellow, with dark colored chairs of complementary colors. Background music adds comfort to the place. They also carry magazines, books, board games for your entertainment. Staff is very friendly and welcoming. Offering many different varieties of tea, loose tea, coffee, smoothies, sandwiches and more.  Vegetarian and vegan friendly options.Food was amazingly tasty, I enjoyed every bite, and the tea was also very good, which I am also looking forward to trying all their selections.This is a keeper for me, and can't wait to return.
<review# 790,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2011,9/16/2012,24,8,1,5,1>Grade "A" customer service is something I value in any establishment and this place has it! Not even 5 minutes of me taking a seat in The Cube (yes, it's literally a cube-shaped building with square plates to match) I was greeted by a friendly waitress. You'd think being greeted kindly is a standard operating procedure, however at The Cube you order at the counter. So, she didn't necessarily need to walk to my table and ask me anything, but she did. I ordered a small BBQ meal which included 1 meat and 2 sides. The meal was quickly brought out and my food was beautifully arranged.  I didn't expect such a nice presentation of sausage, mac & cheese, and green beans at a BBQ joint. However, the presentation was a great prelude to the delicious food. My green beans were not over cooked and the mac & cheese was very...cheesy (in the best way). The waitress checked on us just enough for it not to be bothersome or for us to feel ignored. Conveniently located between the university area and downtown, The Cube was well worth the visit and I plan on eating there again.  I almost forgot....the music there is awesome! If you are a soul and Motown enthusiast. If you're not, the music is not playing too loud, so you can just focus on the service and food.
<review# 791,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2009,9/15/2012,7,14,4,4,3>Superb shop. Love it, love the staff. It's family owned, which is even better, in my mind.As soon as I arrived in ABQ I went searching for a wine supplier. I drink a lot of wine. I just moved here from France; I was in need. Now the shop boys know me. They probably think I'm a drunk. Oh well.They've got a great mix here; enough French, Spanish, and Italian wines to keep me in table wine for a while and some good new world stuff as well. Some great champagne and cava selections...and a fairly extensive booze selection (I can get my Hendrick's gin fix here).They have wine tastings every so often, the staff actually know what they're talking about and seem to LOVE wine, and they offer a 12% discount if you buy a case (and the cases can be mixed cases). Enough said.
<review# 792,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2008,9/14/2012,2,21,1,3,3>The Patio Bar & Lounge will be a delicious surprise--gourmet food and a comfortable, upscale ambience for you and your friends.  During Happy Hour from 3-6 pm you can enjoy your favorite drink and choose from a large array of  sandwiches, calamari,  skewered delectables, and the like.  The Savoy present s the Champagne Hour from 9-10 pm.  This just may be the perfect place in Albuquerque to develop a new circle of friends, sparkling drinks, and conversations around a roaring fire.  I've had a lot of fun there, and I hope you will, too!  If you are hosting CA tourists, this is your spot.
<review# 793,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2010,9/13/2012,30,19,1,3,2>I found this place to be quite tasty!  I ordered the chicken enchiladas with green chile and their green rice ( Im a born southern californian, and I can never get enough cilantro)  The complimentary chips and salsa are delightful.  Light, a little puffed, and crispy.  Not too oily at all.  We ordered a side of guac that was tasty as well.  Definitely a future choice for an evening of Margaritas and Mexican! Great with the ambiance too of course.  I ordered the house Margarita on the rocks with salt and it was perfect!Great place for out of town visitors!
<review# 794,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2011,9/12/2012,24,314,,4,4>One of the best meals I've had in my hometown in quite awhile. I had no idea this place existed since I don't go to the theaters very much and there certainly wasn't any advertising. But thanks to the Yelpers, I now have a new favorite place to lunch.According to the waitress, this restaurant used to be on the corner of San Pedro and Candelaria which I never went to but now I'm a fan of this Pan American location. I came here for lunch on a friday and business was bustling.I cannot resist testing a bistro's moules frites and CJP did not disappoint. The steaming hot mussels and crispy skinny shoestring fries were both perfectly cooked and seasoned. The portions here are pretty big so after starting with a house salad (super fresh and lightly seasoned) I only got 50% through my moules frites. My mom began with potato leek soup (excellent) and had a HUGE beet salad with lump crab meat for her main course which she was happy with but also had to box up to take home.The service is more laid back here so you feel free to linger, therefore, if you are in a hurry, CJP may not be the best choice. I believe the waitstaff warms your bread up in the oven after you have been seated so it is toasty warm and perfect.The only downside to our meal was the dessert. Seeing as how CJP is a crepe cafe we felt obligated to order one at some point so we opted for the pear crepe with ice cream and chocolate. The crepe itself was fine but the pears were canned (confirmed by the waitress). Still, I am so excited to find a decent french restaurant in ABQ, I am fairly certain my fellow Yelpers would enjoy it also. Can't wait to try it for dinner!
<review# 795,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2012,9/11/2012,6,23,,4,2>The #2 combination is the way to go! Big plate featuring an excellent chile relleno and wonderfully hot red chile. I also liked how the taco came on a separate plate so it didn't get soggy. Sopapillas were damn near perfect, too. Their food is pretty light for New Mexican food standards, which is admirable. $11 for a pretty big, tasty plate of food. Now that's what I'M talkin' bout! I recommend sitting in the lounge area due to the coziness factor.(once again, this seems to be another case of a New Mexican food place's ratings being dragged down by people who just don't like the style of food)
<review# 796,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2011,9/10/2012,23,88,1,4,2>My boyfriend picked breakfast on his birthday... which happened to be Sunday brunch at Cool Water. I had the Sweet and Savory Crepes. I got mine double sweet, which was creme and black berry. I just couldn't see mixing it with the savory selection, which was pork and green chili. It was surprisingly delicious. I cleaned my plate. It was real creme, and real berries. Not compote and heavy artificial creme like you get everywhere else. The presentation was also very pretty. My boyfriend had the Cuban sandwich with chips. He said it was good as well. Its something he recommends. The atmosphere wasn't optimal. Its a nice place, but it feels like its been squashed. Its a long thin room with the tables and booths all close together. Then again, I suppose as a new restraunt you need to start somewhere.I'd like to try this place again and I'd recommend it to anyone looking for something different.
<review# 797,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2009,9/9/2012,2,15,1,7,3>I moved to Albuquerque from Los Angeles last summer, and was sad and bitter about having to leave my awesome stylist back in LA. As a result, I totally procrastinated when it came to getting a haircut, and I will admit... my hair was looking kinda rough!When I called, I was able to make an appointment for a cut the following morning with Rosie. I showed up as the salon was opening. Everyone there was friendly, the salon was clean and cute, and they played good music. Rosie gave me exactly the cut I asked for, asking questions before she started to make sure we were on the same page, and I love it! She definitely took her time finishing the cut to get it just so, and it still looks good - I hate it when I get my hair cut and after one washing I can never get it looking as good as the stylist. This one is holding up well!I will definitely be back. Very reasonably priced, too - I got a cute haircut and some nice Bumble & Bumble product for about $65.
<review# 798,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2010,9/8/2012,52,30,4,3,3>If you want BBQ and meat, and like to make a POINT of the fact that you want BBQ and meat, this is your home. If you grew up eating at county fairs, rodeos, ballgames, backyard rural July 4th family reunions, you got it.It's meat, by the pound, on butcher paper. Eaten at cafeteria tables. Paper towels in giant rolls. A trough rather than urinals in the men's room. Drinks from big ice-filled bins. No bells-and-whistles, no fancy smarty pants cooking show mumbo jumbo. Just done right.The BBQ sauce is my favorite of all time. Tangy and alive, without being overly spicy (not painful, not boring, FLAVOR crazy) or blandly dessert-sweet. The brisket melts in your mouth and sticks bewteen your teeth and turns on little prehistoric carnivore lights from deep in the reptile part of your brain. The jalapeno sausage has a rich mouth-watering kick. The ribs... well, hit and miss (I actually like Golden Pride better both for texture and meatyness).  turkey, prime rib, corn on the cob, etc... all the rest very, very good., It's hard to narrow down what to choose, so it's best to get some people together and get some pounds and pints of everything and eat it as intended, picnic-style. I don't eat here too frequently, because this is glutton, heart-attack food. When I do it's an event. I know I'm planning to eat too much and then lay down a while and bask in the greasy glow. The whole "top of the food chain" carnivore backlash jokey theme bit is not as clever as they think, pandering to the pickup truck crowd (who do not need to be convinced). I guess that's the fan base, so whatever. To hell with politics or guilt, give me that brisket.
<review# 799,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2010,9/7/2012,10,25,5,7,6>I, like another reviewer said, crave their Banh Mi. Unfortunately I usually crave it on Sunday when they're closed. Big whine. The bread is so fresh, the meat is so flavorful and the veggie mix is so crisp and fresh. I've had the chicken, the grilled pork, the beef lemongrass meatball and the pork meatball. The grilled pork and the beef meatball are my favorites. The best thing is that eating the Banh Mi doesn't make you feel like a big fat slimy greaseball. I actually feel sort of healthy after eating it. *wipes drool off lips* The Spring Rolls are amazing. I'm trying the tofu one next time. The Sesame Balls are awesome. Super crispy with yellow bean paste. They also have assorted pre-packaged noms. Things wrapped in banana leaves, banana bread and other exotic yummies. Writing this has convinced me that a Banh Mi lunch is in order today.
<review# 800,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2010,9/6/2012,151,116,1,8,3>I have nothing but positive things to say about this place!  We've been here at least 50 times...yes, believe it!  It's our go-to place for casual dinners.  The family is uber-friendly and the kids are always running around or playing video games in the dining room so it really feels like you're in someone's home.  Not to say that they aren't serious about their food!  The pho broth is a-mazing and it's so damn cheap!  At a little over 6.00 a bowl, you leave feeling sated, soothed, and entirely better-off.  I also love their selection of grilled dishes; in particular, I am a fan of the pork chop on rice with egg.  It's filling and tastes really authentic.  Fabulous restaurant.  Go there.  You won't regret it.
<review# 801,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2011,9/5/2012,144,168,,4,3>Forget about expense. If you're looking for specialty food and body products, it's great to have a place like La Montanita Coop in Nob Hill and you're going to pay a price for it. This is a seriously great cooperative. It competes quite well with the other specialty grocery stores that are chains in the area. It's clean and neat and has a fun atmosphere. The staff is very helpful and friendly.Probably the most important part of any grocery store is its produce section. La Montanita has a small, though nice array of organic fruits and vegetables. They carry the needed basics and some exotics. Like many grocery stores, its produce section can't be compared to that of a shop that carries only produce, however, they could do better with its overall quality. I find many times I go there to purchase all of my produce for the week, and end up being a little disappointed, and have to go somewhere else to find remaining produce.Another area that's important in a specialty grocery store is its vitamin and supplements section. La Montanita's is excellent. I have yet to baffle them with some obscure supplement. They have it, and they are experts about it.They have an extensive bulk-food section.For someone who really needs to stay away from dairy products, especially cow dairy, La Montanita's has a wonderful selection of alternatives from the typical soy milk to coconut milk. Plus, they have choses within those specific categories. If you can't have added sugar, you will find the unsweetened version. If you can have added sugar, and you have a hankering for "chocolate milk," you can find it here. The Coop's sandwich, fresh drinks and pre-made meals-to-go bar is equal to those of chain specialty grocery stores. I can't say enough wonderful things about this particular food coop. And that includes the late hours it's open. Just like traditional grocery stores. La Montanita wants to succeed and compete with other specialty grocery stores. Overall they do it well. The proof is in the fact that they have five locations, including their new small storefront in the UNM Bookstore building.
<review# 802,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2012,9/4/2012,120,150,,4,2>This restaurant was so surprisingly awesome that it inspired me to write my first Yelp review in at least a year. It's that good. My, soon to be mother in law, fiance, and I went to Guava Tree for a Saturday lunch. Great atmosphere and super friendly waitress- she patiently answered all of our questions about a cuisine we weren't as familiar with as, say, green chili. MIL and I both had the ajiaco (chicken soup) and arepas- awesome and to die for! Fiance had the standard cuban sandwich and said it was one of the best he'd ever had. Top it off with the blended fruit juice drinks and Guava Tree Cafe equals an unexpected, fun eating adventure in ABQ!
<review# 803,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2010,9/3/2012,66,102,1,2,2>Their Iced White Chocolate Mocha became an instant addiction for me. Then, I fell in love with their Cafe Con Leche. They have coffee creations that no other local coffee place is offering.  The prices are high. However, the service and the taste of all of their products (their key lime pie is TO DIE for), makes up for the escalated prices.  Also, they have a rewards program where if you spend $50 they give you a $5 coupon off of the next purchase. I would recommend this to anyone who has a Satellite anywhere near them. It's always a real treat for me.
<review# 804,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2012,9/2/2012,1,28,3,5,6>I really didn't expect to find a coffee shop like this in Albuquerque.  After living in San Francisco for five years, I think I've had some pretty incredible coffee and probably spoiled myself by spending five bucks on a cup of coffee from time to time. So I was pretty shocked when I walked into Michael Thomas' shop on Carlisle.  The first thing you notice, before you even walk in the door, is the distinct smell of roasting coffee.  The second thing you notice, when you walk in the door, is that they sell almost ALL of the cool coffee and espresso making gear.  You name it- Chemex, Aerobie AeroPress, Bialetti, Mypressi Twist, French presses, burr grinders- coffee nerd paradise. The roaster sits behind the counter and Mike's usually roasting away in the mornings.  The staff is super nice and the there is always a quiet, friendly atmosphere in the shop.  They have free wifi so you can grab a latte and study or surf the Internet. There is an extensive selection of freshly roasted beans to choose from.  I've never been let down by the beans or the coffee.  I take soy in mine and they always have that on hand as well as almond milk.  I'm so glad to have discovered this place. I've even found myself driving 5 miles out of the way just to get a cup of coffee here. If you like coffee, so yourself a favor and check out Michael Thomas Coffee Roasters.
<review# 805,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2012,9/1/2012,52,169,1,2,2>I just started a job around the corner and have been meaning to check out the Blackbird for a little while.  I dropped in for lunch today and am glad I did.I ordered the Phoenix, which is a blackened chicken sandwich.  They were out of bleu cheese but they substituted with monterrey jack.  The sandwich was great.. nice and juicy with lots of flavor, but also pretty light at the same time.  I also ordered sweet potato chips as my side.  They weren't pretty, but I ate all of them so they must've been pretty good.Service was great and I noticed that they have a nice patio out back.  They also have a nice little selection of local brews and some decent specials too.
<review# 806,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2009,8/31/2012,50,223,4,5,4>Dr. Richardson and the staff at Encino are fracking great.  Where else can you get your teeth cleaned and at the same time get acupuncture.  I've gone in feeling stressed and walked out feeling renewed.  Fracking great I tell you... and good for a graduate studnts budget (though I have local University insurance and Encino takes care of all the paperwork.)Fraking great.
<review# 807,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2012,8/30/2012,6,3,1,2,2>Stay Gold is by far the best tattoo shop I have been in. I love how nice everyone is and they treat you with respect. This has been my go to shop. I have moved out of state recently but I will wait to get any work done until I come home to visit. I have recommended Stay Gold to everyone who has complemented my art. If you are looking for the best stop by Stay Gold and check it out everyone is wonderful and very talented!
<review# 808,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2011,8/29/2012,28,56,1,4,3>The hotel lobby is amazing with quiet places to sit and have a private conversation that are super swanky.The rooms are just as nice and the King rooms with a stand alone tub are a perfect date idea if you want to take a bath together. I've been in most of the hotels around Albuquerque and for price, location, and style of rooms this is one of the best hotels in Albuquerque.
<review# 809,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2012,8/28/2012,63,7,4,7,5>This unexpected little gem of a sex shop is located in a strip mall just east of Carlisle. Not only is it a great place to discover new accoutrements for any sexy excursion but it's also wonderful community resource and educational center for those interested in delving deeper into self exploration. The owners and staff have a vast knowledge of the gear they're slinging and are apt to give you the full lowdown at the slightest flirtation of a question.
<review# 810,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2012,8/27/2012,22,70,2,7,3>OK folks, let's get something straight. If you want the rest of the nation to know who you are, please drop the UNM. Also, it is The University of New Mexico, not the University of New Mexico. Say it with me: THE University of New Mexico. THE University of New Mexico is an amazing place to spend a day. The campus is a National Arboretum and there are tour guides available (as in a pdf map kindof tour guide. If you buy me some beers at Saggios, I would be more than happy to give you a personal tour of the campus). For more information: iss.unm.edu/PCD/landscapI love to grab a freshly brewed ice tea from the Satellite cafe on campus (there are 2: 1 is located in the Student Union Building and the other is in the Student Bookstore at the Stanford Drive entrance), add some Stoli Raspberry Vodka, and stroll around campus (PS: What's with ABQ? You guys don't know what a Vodka Tea is?). It seems like every day that I am on campus, I find something pretty gosh darn cool- like a homeless guy faceplanted on the sidewalk by the duckpond or the center of the universe. Apparently, The University of New Mexico is The center of the universe: roadsideamerica.com/tip/Once you finish your Vodka and Tea, check out some of the art on campus. Most likely you will need to be under the influence of alcohol to truly appreciate/understand/comprehend the artists muse:  alibi.com/art/27326/DestCouple of museums on campus: Anthropology, Art, Meteorite Museum and Geology Museums, and SW Biology. Check 'em out.BTW: The best bathrooms on Campus are in the Student Union Building, the Mathematics and Science Learning Center, and behind the cottonwood tree just east of the Student Health Center.
<review# 811,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2011,8/26/2012,21,18,1,3,3>I adore Desert Fish.  There were just two of us out for a celebratory dinner.  We had early reservations and were seated promptly.   Our server seemed to be a newbie but was very attentive and what he lacked in knowledge he made up for with witty conversation.We ordered drinks.  The grapefruit-blackberry margarita was yucky!  We asked for a different drink and they promptly served up a delicious lemon drop martini.  The manager came by and apologized and offered to remake the margarita on the house.  He did it himself and it was much better although not as good as the martini.We ordered the ceviche as a starter.  It was a basic dish done well. Next we ordered the seafood salad which we split.  Greens, beets, dressing also decorated with succulent lump crab, boiled shrimp, and perfectly cooked scallops!  Simply delicious.  I ordered the Cioppino which was a delicious medley of fresh seafood in a tomato broth.  It was perfectly seasoned and had just a little kick. I enjoyed my meal but my friend ordered the special Frutti di Mare and it was FANTASTIC.  It was a mix of fresh seafood over garlic mashed potatoes in a creamy green chile broth. I was a little hesitant because I hate how everyone tries to "New Mexican" everything but it really worked!  I probably ate half of her plate.We topped of the night with an Eggnog Crème Brule which was super yummy and enough to send me into my next life happy.It is on the pricey side but worth every bit.  We used Open Table for the reservation and found that if you do, you get a 20% discount for an early or late reservation.  That was a fantastic surprise! The staff was very helpful and the ambience was just right for a casual-upscale dinner.
<review# 812,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2012,8/25/2012,15,139,2,3,2>Torinos is pretty close to perfect. I've tried a fritatta and the chicken marsala - both we're excellent. The iced tea comes with a whole carafe of extra tea on the table. Brunch comes with a chocolate croissant on the house; and it is outstanding. Their fritattas are cooked in olive oil instead of a cheap, random seed oil. The infused olive oil on every table is delicious. Torinos' prices are very low for what you get. And, lastly, their patio provides a pleasant dining environment. Their attention to detail really stands out.
<review# 813,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2012,8/24/2012,3,23,1,2,2>This place has been our saving grace.  We have an amazing dog named Taylor that has had many issues throughout her 5 years of life and without Banfield I'm not sure what we would have done.  Most recently we've had the pleasure to get to know the staff at this location very well due to an ear issue our pup developed.  Dr. Apodaca has been fantastic (extremely knowledgeable and supportive in our thoughts about care) and the staff always accommodating.  We will always support this location and urge our friends with animals to check them out.
<review# 814,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2011,8/23/2012,49,48,1,2,2>Great New Mexican food!Enchiladas, chile rellenos, anything, whatever you want, it's delicious. Huge dining space, very delicious salsa. Large portions, I mean very large.Wait staff was friendly and quick.Be warned, this is hot for a New Mexican restaurant. Any veteran will handle this easily, but the food is spicy and the salsa spicier. A rookie could end up burnt.The salsa is also great on eggs made at home.Not terribly expensive at all. It's loud when it gets crowded, though, and there is a wait - but that's for a reason. The place is great.You visiting New Mexico? This place is probably the best to try New Mexican food, if you can handle the spice.For New Mexican who haven't tried it - get your butts over there immediately. The place is wonderful.
<review# 815,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2010,8/22/2012,30,9,7,4,8>All it took was one visit to this store to realize I'm white.Spotted "Stuff White People Like: A Definitive Guide to the Unique Taste of Millions" on the non-fiction shelf. The title piqued my interest, so I started reading it. Boy was that cool move. Three pages in and I wanted to read more. Ten pages in and I was genuinely amused. Fifty pages in and I finally knew what others had known about me all along (because I like the Red Sox, indie rock music, microbreweries, Mos Def, Noam Chomsky, being in complicated relationships, own a pair of New Balance running shoes, etc.). Anyway, to confirm my whiteness, I was never asked by sales staff to please purchase something or leave, nor given any odd looks as if I were going to steal a memoir or whatever. In fact they smiled and shot me nods of approval.High five.
<review# 816,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2009,8/21/2012,6,67,,5,2>This place is great! I've only eaten here once, but I love it. The wife has been here a couple of times and suggested we meet here for lunch. I'm so glad she did!The wife enjoyed a very filling and incredibly tasty falafel sandwich and I enjoyed the shawarma sandwich lunch combo. Both sandwiches were stuffed with their respective fillings plus some. My plate came with some hummus, a pickle, a salad and a baklava. All were perfect. I also enjoyed my first Turkish coffee...it being my first I can't compare it to any others, but I rather enjoyed it. The service was friendly and prompt. I look forward to many future meals at Cafe Istanbul. I also look forward to shopping for some less than mainstream grocery items from their attached grocery store. Some of the items looked so good, plus they have goat meat! I am looking forward to making the wife a hearty goat stew one of these days! Plus you can purchase a tray of their incredible baklava - which I will have at the ready for my next party! I can't wait to return!
<review# 817,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2012,8/20/2012,0,4,1,4,2>Tony is clearly a master at his craft! He just shot our wedding and not only captured those must-have moments on the big day, but drove us around New Mexico to get those to-die-for shots brides DREAM OF! He goes out of his way to get the amazing locations and has a personality that amps the excitement and comfort levels of EVERYONE around him! Words cannot describe how genius this guy is, we will not only use him for everything in the future, but recommend him to any and every one!!
<review# 818,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2011,8/19/2012,20,34,,3,3>Adopted a puppy from the mall and they recommended this place. I got an appointment right away. The veterinarian was Lindsey Gardner. She was very nice and gentle with my very young puppy. She explained the cost of the services and explained why the preventative heart worm medication would be a good idea for pets that live in a large apartment complex. I trust her completely with my dogs and I think they love her too. The facility overall is very clean and I love that they have separate entrances for dogs and cats. They also have an emergency area that is always open. I didn't have to fill out an absurd amount of paperwork and there wasn't a line to the front desk. I really enjoy coming here.
<review# 819,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/18/2011,8/18/2012,19,11,1,2,2>I love going to Annapurna's. It's one of those places where I can order almost anything off the menu and I know it won't make me sick, which is important for me because I have a sensitive stomach. I almost always choose a simple item off the menu (like a rice dish or wrap) with the vegetables of the day (usually option 1) and am very satisfied. I've never had a bad food or service experience at Annapurnas. The only reason I give it four stars instead of five is because a few people I've gone with have mentioned that their dishes are a little bland. Because it is "Ayurvedic Cuisine" I guess that doesn't surprise me, but that is definitely something to keep in mind when you go there.
<review# 820,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2009,8/17/2012,4,22,1,7,4>I'm a big fan of this place. I had been here before when visiting from out of town, but now that I live in Albuquerque, it is actually in my neighborhood, and I am so glad. Coming from San Francisco, which is a HUGE coffee city - perhaps second only to Seattle, I've been stricken by the feeling that there is not much focus in Albuquerque on good quality coffee, or locally owned shops. I like Java Joe's for both. They pull a good (translation: strong) shot, and drink service is quick. I've been here three, maybe four, times in the past week. When I got to the front of the line today, my Americano was already made for me to my normal specifications. This is the way a coffee shop should be run, and the way regulars should be treated.For the record, I have also eaten here, and the food is good. Which I find to be a rarity amongst coffee shops. I'm sure there are other places here to get a good cup of coffee, but I haven't found one yet. This will be my regular spot. So if Java Joe's is in your neighborhood, or if you're in the neighborhood for whatever reason, I suggest you go.
<review# 821,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2012,8/16/2012,9,1,1,4,4>Winning is a relaxing place to go hang out alone or with friends. They have some of the best coffee in Albuquerque, as well as wonderful food, anything from Quiche (and yes, I've seen men order the quiche!) to GadoGado Asian noodles to the best scrambled eggs in the world. "The best in the world?" you might ask. Indeed, it was the scrambled eggs that really turned me into a Winning addict. Three scrambled eggs and two delicious pieces of toast made of home-made bread costs less than five dollars. When I originally went there a few years ago I was not a fan of scrambled eggs, but scrambled was the only way that they advertised serving eggs, so I tried them. There is no need for salt or pepper or hot sauce because these scrambled eggs are divine, no matter who is cooking that day. Winning also has great salad and sandwiches and soup, and, oh, the list goes on.Because Winning has Wifi one can do almost anything one wants. Sometimes I plug my computer in, put in my ear buds, and watch Netflix movies. Other times I bring exams that I need to correct or articles that I must read for my classes at UNM. One never knows what music will be piped in through the speakers. As far as the music goes, I have yet to go into the cafe and think "Hmm, this music sucks." Most of the time I find that they are playing stuff that I am familiar with and like very much. Other times, I may feel more like plugging into my iPod with ear buds, which I can do because the music is never too loud. They have a bookshelf with magazines and books and games that all are welcome to while they are there. The cafe has outdoor seating but I usually find myself sitting at one of the many tables inside because I am so often needing to do school work while I am there, not to mention that I go during the daytime when it tends to be very warm. I have eaten many of the items on their menu and never been let down. They also have many, many baked goods, with the selection changing from day to day. On those rare occasions when I am feeling sociable I usually end up running into a stranger or a friend who wants to chit chat. Another of the things I love about Winning is the books. Brad's Books sets up shot during the day on, I believe, Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, so if I am feeling like procrastinating I can go look at the very reasonably-priced used books that Brad sells (and he's recently started accepting credit cards so I can now buy a book every once in a while).As far as the clientele goes, well, I'd have to say the majority are some iteration of either hippie, punk, or college student or instructor or all of the above. It's my kind of place. And did I mention the convenience? It is just off of Central Avenue across from the University. Tres convenient!One last thing that needs mentioning is the art. The artwork changes regularly and is, I think, local artists showing their stuff. I have never been at night so cannot speak for the musical performances and night ambiance.
<review# 822,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2012,8/15/2012,36,106,1,6,4>What a great time I had here! I went in early June to watch Les Miserables Broadway show and I absolutely loved the experience. The venue is great and parking was available for $7. The theater is elegantly lit and the staff is very courteous. The consignment food and gift shop are as nice.This place has nothing to envy of a big city performing arts theater. Everything you need to have a glamorous experience is there and to make things even better, people are used to dressing nice and formally to attend every performance (no dress code is enforced though).
<review# 823,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2011,8/14/2012,50,115,1,4,2>This place has a very cute interior with lots of fresh natural lighting. The food is skillfully made, but is too pricey for what you're getting.I absolutely loved the passionfruit white chocolate cupcake. The candied passionfruit on top was a very sweet touch. The cake actually had a sharp tangy taste along with its airy sweetness. However, the texture was a bit too muffiny to call it a "cupcake," if you ask me. It's more of a cupcake-muffin hybrid.The croque madame was very good, but not nearly as excellent as other reviews would have you believe (as they had me believe!) Don't get me wrong - it was exactly what you would hope a croque madame would be, but it didn't have any of the added creativity or oomph that I would expect from 5 stars. My only complaint was that it was served a little too cold.The breakfast burrito was also excellent. All of the ingredients were fresh, and you could taste it. The sausage inside was spicy with lots of individual flavors. I left the Grove with a satisfied tummy and a positive impression of the Albuquerque food scene. My one gripe is that I had to pay Chicago prices to get this food in New Mexico!
<review# 824,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2011,8/13/2012,39,14,,5,2>I got my first taste of climbing at Stone Age years ago and have been a regular ever since. Great gym. There is always a good mix of TR, sport and bouldering routes and the levels go from easy (5.7 and VB) to very hard (5.13 and V9/10). The staff is helpful and friendly and the people who go to SA tend to be reflective of the general climbing community in NM: friendly, relaxed and welcoming. Its popularity makes for a crowded gym at times, but it is roomy enough that you can usually find an open route even when swamped. If you are an out-of-towner and looking for a place to climb, this is it. You can almost always find people willing to let you hop on a route or find a group of boulderers ready to share beta and encourage you.Like most climbing gyms, SA's bread and butter is birthday parties, so there tend to be a lot of kiddos around. I don't mind this at all, but if you don't like kids you might want to call in to see when the parties are being held.In addition to the climbing gym, SA has a small traditional gym with decent cardio equipment and free-weights. There is also a multi-use room where they hold classes (free for members and for day-pass holders) such as yoga and kettlebells and when not in use for classes or for birthday parties can be used by patrons for personal use.SA offers climbing classes from the very basic Intro to Gym Climbing and Fundamentals of Movement to Lead Climbing and AMGA Climbing Wall Instructor Course and Certification.All-in-all a great climbing gym and worth checking out.
<review# 825,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2009,8/12/2012,7,18,1,4,4>I think mushrooms are magical, though not the way you think (get your mind out of the druggie gutter!). I think they taste the way I imagine nature tastes...rich and earthy. I have always been a mushroom fan, and I think that heat brings out their flavor amazingly well. I'm a sucker for mushroom sauces, soups, hors d'oeuvres, you name it. But recently I have found my newest favorite vehicle for this magical fungus: pizza. Now don't misunderstand, I'm not talking pizza from Pizza Hut or even Dions here. I'm talking about pizza that's been crafted to accentuate the mushroom, not just a pizza with a few mushrooms thrown on top. More specifically, I'm talking about the pizza at Farina Pizza.Farina Pizza quietly opened in EDO (Central and Edith) by the owners of Artichoke Cafe. It is a pizza and beer spot for those of us who can't often afford the luxuries of the Artichoke...or for those of us who are looking for something tasty but not fussy. Farina is a hopping place on a Friday night, and is just the ticket for dinner with friends after work. Be warned that it is a loud restaurant, but still homey and comfortable. The older dinner companions who were with me were adverse to the noise, though I didn't have a problem with it...different strokes I guess.And even if you are bothered by noise, the pizzas easily make up for it. There's a whole host of preconceived pizza ideas on their menu, and you can also create your own. I wouldn't bother with your own though...Farina's creations are above and beyond delicious. This comes back to my above discussion of the mushroom- the Pizza a la Fungi (or some similar name) is spectacular. It doesn't have red sauce on it, and consequently, you can really taste the rich mushrooms and the caramelized onions that grace its top. I almost stabbed one of my dinner companions' hand with a fork when he reached for the last piece of it...that's how good it was. We also tried the Margarita pizza and a few of the meat laden pizzas. All were tasty, with thin, crispy crust and extremely flavorful toppings. But none of the others held a candle to the Fungi. Don't question it, just order one.Farina also has salads on the menu, and a friend told me that they are amazing as well. I suppose if they were all out of mushrooms, I might try a salad... However, I know that not everyone loves mushrooms or pizza necessarily (though really, who ARE you people??), so you have some other options. Plus any meal that can be washed down with home brewed beer can be considered a good one. Wine is also offered, but is served in those "funny glasses with no stem" (so stated by a noise-repelled companion). Either wine or beer will complement the pizza nicely though.Considering that I am now daydreaming of mushroom pizza as I write this, I highly recommend you try Farina Pizza as soon as possible.
<review# 826,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2010,8/11/2012,8,69,2,4,4>This is an awesome little novelty and gift store in the spunky part of Knob Hill. They're open later than most of the other stores in the area and have very friendly staff. I love the alternative gifts they have there. They have green wallets made of folded (origami) tyvek (the plasticy paper they use to cover houses under construction), build it yourself cardboard bird houses, greeting cards that you won't find in Hallmark, and coffee table books on tree houses, stains, and a bunch of other random, yet interesting things. I bought a little aluminum covered notepad called Flip notes, perfectly small to fit in your purse and jot any creative notes down that you don't want to forget. It comes with a pen and everything. I think it may even hold business cards.They have something for all of your hard to buy fo friends.
<review# 827,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/23/2010,8/10/2012,11,80,1,3,2>My wife and I went to La Crepe Michel last night, and we really enjoyed it. The environment is very cozy and comfortable; our table was near a crackling warm fireplace. I wish Yelp allowed half stars, because La Crepe Michel would get 4.5 from me -- it would be a perfect 5, but I'll get to that.The good: Great atmosphere, prices are very good, appetizers are well-timed and delicious. The main dishes are beautifully presented and expertly cooked, bursting with flavor. The young lady who stayed mainly in the kitchen area, but occasionally came out to help serve our table, was very friendly and warm.The not-so-good: In contrast to the young lady who helped us, our waiter (a young man) seemed to offer the stereotypical French experience; that is, even when smiling he seemed very cold and his voice hinted at a bit of disdain for us, as if he doubted our ability to fully appreciate the splendor of his restaurant. Perhaps that's true, but it's not good service. In a technical sense he was a fine waiter, attentive and timely, and he answered whatever questions we had before ordering. But there was no warmth, and this bothered my wife to the point that it put a bit of a damper on our enjoyment of the evening.Overall, La Crepe Michel is a lovely place to have a dinner. The food and general atmosphere are both excellent and well worth the money. If you don't mind the potential risk of a bit of snobbish arrogance, you'll have a very enjoyable time.
<review# 828,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2012,8/9/2012,33,177,1,8,4>This is one of the very best restaurants I've ever been to. Not because it's the fanciest or the most expensive or the most pretentious, but because every single thing I've tried here has been at least stellar and often mind-blowing. Before I ate at Pasion, I had no idea what Latin American cuisine was like. Frankly, given that this place is obviously fusion, I probably still don't. If you are looking for authentic, this may not be the place for you. They do not do traditional dishes, even though they frequently use traditional ingredients. With food this good though, it doesn't bother me. The menu runs the gamut from the familiar with a twist to the somewhat exotic. The Chorizo quesadilla, Burrito Guacho (something of a steak breakfast burrito), fish tacos, and, of course the hamburgers are safe, but interesting choices for those wary about trying something too strange. They each have a Latin American spin that makes them unique (and fortunately, delicious), but they should also have wide-ranging appeal. And, because this is a legit chef-run establishment, the chorizo is made in-house, the chimichurri marinade for the steak is prepared fresh, and the burgers and hand-formed and high-quality meat. This isn't a gimmick; you really do notice the quality of the ingredients in their fresh, delicious flavors. On that note, I will say that, as of now, the Governor's Burger is THE best burger I've ever had. And I don't just say this kind of thing or throw around superlatives. It's a hefty grilled patty topped with cheese, bacon, tempura fried green chiles (which are also offered as an outstanding appetizer), fresh veggies, some kind of spicy mayonnaise kind of stuff, and some hidden grainy mustard. The combination of these flavors is superb. So good that I didn't even pine for my usual over-easy egg to top it off. Well, maybe a little.On the other end of the spectrum, you get things like the Huaracha Maya (grilled prickly pear cactus pads in red sauce) and the Jibarrito (which is like a chimichurri steak sandwich with fried plantains for bread). These ingredients are not going to appeal to everyone. The cactus, for example, has a very specific taste that it took me a while to acquire and may put some people off. Still, if you're interested in trying these things, Pasion does a damn fine job of preparing them. Lastly, if you are feeling adventurous and want to leave a portion of your meal up to the whimsy and brilliance of the chef, go for the Ceviche of the Day. This is a dish that changes every day, but always includes raw fish that has been marinated in some combination of citrus, salt, and spice. The two versions of this that I've tried couldn't be more different. One was very orangey with habeneros and red onion; the other was served with coconut milk and pralines. They were both incredible.The prices on things can be pretty steep. While the food certainly warrants the price, it's also out of my price range to eat there all the time. Fortunately, they have great specials all the time and a 14 dollar Express Lunch option that makes things pretty affordable. Service has also been excellent, with the waitress going beyond the usual duties to help us actually decide what to order (and her recommendations were spot on). They also have live entertainment, a happy hour, great beverage selections, and a cute, understated decor. Wonderful place, this is exactly what I look for in dining establishments.
<review# 829,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2010,8/8/2012,0,7,4,8,1>I recently attended one of the Sunday night tea tastings and had a fantastic time. David, the owner, was very knowledgeable, and in addition to introducing me and my friends to a number of new teas, he also shared much about the history, process, and rituals associated with tea. He had some great anecdotes about opening a tea shop in Albuquerque, and entertained even the silliest questions my friends and I could come up with. For the tasting, he demonstrated the different ways by which each kind of tea could be brewed, and did multiple infusions so we could experience how each tea changes. I ended up leaving with a licorice and peppermint-tinged rooibos that I would never have tried if not for the tasting, and plan to return for other teas, soon.
<review# 830,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2012,8/7/2012,4,19,2,4,5>Marble Brewery is the kind of place you want to arrive on your fixed-gear bike, possibly with a cigarette hanging out of your mouth, possibly with a combination of visible, excessive tattoos and/or black skinny jeans and/or lip rings and/or studs on any article of clothing and/or your dog. But if you don't have these things, it's cool: the beer is consistently awesome, the crowd very friendly, the music rockin, and there is always a food truck handy, at least on the weekends. Yeah. I have yet to try the Green Chile Grilled Cheese but how can it be bad? Melty cheese. Toasty carbs. The ubiquitous New Mexican green chile smothered in between. Double White Ale to wash it all down. Perfection.
<review# 831,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2012,8/6/2012,28,50,2,5,1>Launchpad might be the venue that compares to that of Austin, TX. I lived in Austin and it's no joke, they are the kings of the small music venues.Launchpad has a bar immediately when you walk in. Beyond that you have the choice of passing a makeshift beer stand to get to the dance floor/ front of the stage. Or you can go upstairs where you can casually sit with friends or lean over the edge to watch the entertainers.Make no mistake, you can hear the music from anywhere in the bar. I went for a private social so I can't quote the venue on drink prices. But atmosphere and layout get an A+ from me!!
<review# 832,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2012,8/5/2012,78,113,4,7,5>Definitely home cooking and I love it! Had dinner with my daughter here and it was yummy! It's a small intimate setting and crazy busy. So on a Friday evening, if you come for dinner be prepared for a wait. Seating is definitely limited. I had the Tonkatsu Donburi, which was excellent! Considering the best I've ever had was at Shirokiyra in Honolulu HI...I couldn't believe I had this amazing dish in ABQ! We will definitely become regulars. For our long wait, we were offered green tea and red bean ice cream as a treat :-) Now that is customer service! Can't wait to try something new on Friday!
