<review# 1,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2014,11/25/2014,311,349,3,3,3>Well fancy that... a whole store full of wine just down the street... Most down to earth owner - nice, knowledgeable, but not pretentious at all. He has a wide selection and reasonable prices! Wine tastings on Fridays and Saturdays - $6.00 a flight. They also have a nice selection of beer too. Bottom line... support your local wine shop!
<review# 2,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2014,11/24/2014,7,85,3,4,3>Went on the Ultimate Underground Tour today.  Wow.  Ever wonder how Annie Oakley got her start?  Or what the World Series is named after (not what you think) and how on earth it connects to The Queen City?  Or how Lager was brewed in Cincinnati before modern refrigeration?  Or how German immigrants lived in the 19th century in Over The Rhine?  Take this tour to learn these facts and many, many more!  I actually felt like a tourist in the city I was born and raised in because there were so many new facts.Had a GREAT time on this tour!  Very informative and entertaining.  Our tour guide, John, was not just repeating a memorized script.  When asked further questions he always had the answer at his disposal.  I got the feeling that this job isn't just about the paycheck for John, he has a genuine love of history and a passion for Over The Rhine.  Walking around the streets of OTR John greets locals along the way who all seem pleased to see him and indeed our group.Seeing buildings that we all drive past to get to or from the hip part of Vine from the inside and hearing about the rich history was intriguing and endlessly fascinating.  Standing in the bar that Boss Cox ran the city from, seeing a 150 year old tenement from it's inner courtyard, viewing the crypt that lies deep beneath St. Francis Seraph and tramping around the tunnels below an old brewery is something every Cincinnatian should do.
<review# 3,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/22/2014,11/23/2014,174,628,1,4,3>I stopped in recently for a hot flow class. The prices are more than reasonable! They also had some good package deals which I gladly took advantage of. This was my first hot yoga class and wasn't sure what I would think. This particular one was more of a warm yoga class intentionally. They have other classes that are hotter. I'm glad I went for the less hot option. It did help loosen the muscles for the vinyasa flow. You work up a sweat and some believe you burn more calories. I can't say, but I did feel that I got a good workout and stretch by the end. You will be very wet though. Be prepared. The studio space is nice and inviting. The staff was particularly friendly.
<review# 4,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2014,11/22/2014,133,199,1,4,4>My favorite meal of Anniversary Weekend would have to be brunch at Vitor's. And we had The Precinct the night before, so that's how good it was. I know. It was only our second anniversary and we really made a big deal out of it. But we originally planned on going out of town, so we decided that we would stay in town and simply make a weekend of it. And that we did!Saturday started off with Vitor's, which I had heard so many great things about. We made reservations for noon, but after waking up early Saturday morning, we decided to head in and cancel our reservation. The restaurant was not crowded at all around 9:30am, and we decided on having the coffee bar. It was there I got to speak to who I presume was the owner, and who was extremely friendly. Our server was great, too, and when we sat back down, he suggested we try the Fresh Hot Donuts with crème brulee dipping sauce. Yes and yes!We followed our fantastic starter with His and Hers breakfast dishes: Unforgettable French Toast (two pieces of Texas Toast drenched in vanilla cocoa bean batter rolled in Frosted Flakes®. Topped with a Crème Brulee pastry cream, bananas, and whipped cream) and Breakfast Lasagna (Sausage, bacon, eggs, peppers, onions, ricotta mozzarella cheeses layered between fried pasta sheets topped with spicy hollandaise) respectively. We split a side of goetta, too, and it was good, but we could have easily gone without. Thoughts? The French Toast was amazing. Truly Unforgettable, as it lived up to its namesake. The Breakfast Lasagna was outstanding, too, and it even reheated well!I was extremely impressed with our dining experience at Vitor's and, even though it wasn't cheap, it was entirely worth it. And upon doing a lot of raving about the food to some friends, two people I know went the next day. They both loved it, too!
<review# 5,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2014,11/20/2014,340,494,1,4,3>Just because it's a little harder to find doesn't mean its not awesome! Off of the Sheppard Lane exit of 75, into an industrial park, you'll find Rivertown tucked in the middle of a strip. They have a bar inside, some benches and a few tables in the main room. You can see right into the brewery section too if you appreciate that. They offer most of their beers on tap (normally 8-10 at least at a given time). Wednesday's is Happy Hour day where all pints are $1 off all day. They've recently expanded to add a side room where you could probably have small gatherings. It holds roughly 30 people, has a door, it's own bar, and a tv. When its not used for a function its open to enjoy the ac unit in it and if a Reds game is on, its normally playing there too.They have small snacks lying around, and on weekends they may grill out in the parking lot. Say hi to Nugget the cat if you see him prolwing around. He's super friendly. They also offer tours for $5 on Friday and Saturday which includes a pint of beer in a Rivertown pint glass that you get to take home! Totally worth it. The staff is fun and excellent all the way around. They also offer their speciaty beers to try, such as their sour beer, aged beers, and their recent Death (infused with ghost peppers!). It's a great stop on a brewery tour in town.
<review# 6,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2014,11/19/2014,10,21,4,4,5>If you are looking for hipster tacos with 10 types of margaritas to choose from, this is not the place for you.  If you are looking for delicious, greasy, authentic-style Mexican tacos, this is the place for you!  La Mexicana offers specials daily but I just can't get past the tacos.  My favorites are the carnitas and the carne asada.  Some might say that is boring, but these are unlike the tacos you will get from other local taco places.  It is also inexpensive at about $2-3/taco. I generally split a dip (queso or guac) and eat some chips than chow down on two tacos.  I've seen some men get ambitious and try 4, but I am not sure I've seen anyone defeat that challenge! If you like tongue, I've heard nothing but rave reviews.When I have guests from out of town, not only do I take them here, but they request to return on later visits!  This says a lot considering all the delicious alternatives for both tacos and otherwise in the city.
<review# 7,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2014,11/18/2014,142,162,4,4,5>I'm fond of Loving Hut.To be honest, I find the food just OK and the interior a little depressing.  It's kind of out of the way down Montgomery, past Kenwood Mall, past the Trader Joe's.  But there are just some days when you want to enjoy a light meal in peace, and that's why this little place is special to me.If you are Vegan, a health nut, or dabbling in the art of raw food, this place won't disappoint.  As I'm none of the above, I can't come here every day, but I do enjoy it once in a while when I'm feeling adventurous a la kelp noodles.  The vegan mac n cheese is quite good, but not the best I've had (see vegan shells and cheez at Melt).Thanks to the wonderful people who run this place, it lives up to its name.  Service is always friendly and quick.  It's no wonder they seem to have a loyal following!  They are always busy packing to-go meals for people, so clearly quite popular, despite its off-the-beaten path location.
<review# 8,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2014,11/17/2014,268,128,3,6,5>Decided to try Azad today for lunch and will admit at first glance of the interior it looked very unimpressive.  Think outdated design -sponge painted walls (they were hip in the 1990s, but now they just look like walls that didn't get a good coat of paint. Add to that, bad carpet,  really fake looking artificial flowers and bad art. Thankfully things got better.  We opted for the luncheon buffet.  Lentil soup, tomato soup, salads, nan, saag, chicken tikka masala, chicken curry, rices, etc. Everything was very tasty and was a good value.  Not only was the wait staff friendly, they were polite and helpful, too.  When I returned home, I looked at their website.  Turns out there are coupons on their site to make it an even better value.  However, the one hilariously odd thing is that if you click on "Reviews" on their site, it brings up a page with lots of nonsensical letters, yet the headings contain words like viagra & cialis (both treat erectile dysfunction!!). Anyway, bottom line is that I would definitely go back there again.
<review# 9,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2014,11/16/2014,85,37,4,5,3>A buddy of mine was in town and he asked if I had heard of this place. I consider myself very in touch with the Cincinnati food landscape and was shocked to tell him I had never been here. Tucked away, this Inconspicuous building was at capacity when we popped in for lunch. Everybody was laid back, talking at their tables or watching golf on TV. I am not sure if the patrons knew one another, or if the atmosphere of the place just gave off that vibe that you could talk to your neighbor whether you knew them or not. The menu is short, and posted on the wall behind the bar. Since I was told they are known for their burgers, my mind was made up before I went in that I was going to have a burger. I was not disappointed! The burger was substantial in size, cooked to perfection, and paired with crispy french fries. I would expect to write about their seasoning, or special sauce, but there was nothing "special" about this burger, other than to say it was cooked perfectly. Anytime I can enjoy a big burger and fries for less than the cost of fast food is also a bonus.
<review# 10,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2014,11/15/2014,98,74,2,4,5>LOVE LOVE LOVE 1215!  If you ever want to feel fancy or enjoy some amazing wine or impress someone with how cool you think you wanna be, come to 1215!The bar is my kind of place to sit because you get to see all the wines and talk to the wine experts and learn something new each time you're in.  I highly recommend that you try a flight of wine to start.  The menu is split between reds and whites and gets more specific after that.  They change the menu all the time, so one time you might get a German Riesling flight and the next time you go in it is North American Pino Grigios.  Don't let this intimidate you, the servers walk you through each of the three pours and even give you the chance to be a wine expert for a bit and guess which is wich.It's such a fun ice breaker with new friends or with a great one.  You have to check this place out, rumor is they have coffee too ;)
<review# 11,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2014,11/14/2014,138,79,4,3,3>I've been to Habesha several times now. It's a little hole in the wall join in an easy to miss strip mall over in Westwood.If you've never eaten Ethiopian before, you're in for a treat. Cincinnati has several Ethiopian restaurants and Habesha is one of my favorites.Literally everything I have had here has been delicious. While meat options outnumber the vegetarian options on the menu, they're equally delicious. I'm really partial to the veggie options myself, but you can't go wrong either way.If you're a coffee lover I ==HIGHLY RECOMMEND== the traditional Ethiopian coffee service. It's amazing.A big thumbs up from me for Habesha.
<review# 12,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2014,11/13/2014,16,60,3,4,4>I love the Flying Olive! I use their flavored vinegars to make salad dressings (the peach vinegar is amazing on a salad). The staff is knowledgeable, and they assist in making great oil/vinegar pairings! They have a wide selection of flavors, and one of the flavors is on special each month.  I would definitely recommend stopping by to sample some of their awesome flavors.
<review# 13,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/26/2014,11/12/2014,12,56,3,4,6>Having had the best massage of my life a few weeks ago I introduced my mom to this little gem for manis and massages last week. Joy is fabulous at her craft and wins the massage therapist award in my book. She takes time to find out what your goal is for your massage and anything you love/hate. At $60-80 for a 50-60 minute massage (depending on which massage you choose) these massages are a steal. Salon 501 offers the quality and natural products and philosophy that you can expect from aveda. My only complaint is parking as the salon does not have its own designated area but there is street parking and it's not a bad area for a little walk!
<review# 14,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2014,11/11/2014,18,67,3,7,3>Where do I start? O, the crust... the flaky, buttery, delicious crust. The perfectly baked, crunchy, crispy vehicle for the lovely fillings these artists create. Or the filling, the mouth-watering, unexpected  combinations of local ingredients with just the right hints of sweet and savory intermingled. "O Pie O", the cry of extacy and joy.
<review# 15,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2014,11/10/2014,48,174,4,3,3>What a gem this place is! In a sea of chain restaurants the P&S Restaurant is an oasis of a mom and pop goodness. The food was reasonably priced, the portions were pretty big, and the service was stellar! I can highly recommend the breakfast here and I'm definitely heading back for lunch or dinner soon!The only reason this isn't a 5 star review is that the bathroom was a little gross the day I visited.
<review# 16,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2014,11/9/2014,181,524,1,5,4>This is where you need to get bubble tea. Boba Cha has a wide variety of options, including traditional tea. Their boba is always the right texture- q! They have jelly and popping bubbles, too, if you are into that thing. I love that you can choose the sweetness level (my preference is 35%), and you can even get soy milk tea. You will get your bubble tea in the sealed cup, which makes it that much more legit. I keep finding ways to make this "on my way" so I can get more. Added bonus is the belly card rewards program, which you can use a little key chain card to scan in for drink rewards- never worry about forgetting that punch card again! Please support Boba Cha, I want them to stay! *Park in the parking lot to the side of the building.
<review# 17,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2014,11/8/2014,181,295,5,4,3>Oh drool. Drool drool drool. From the moment you step inside, to the moment you sink your teeth into one of their delicious tacos, to the moment you take a sip of one of their delish margs, to the moment you leave - your experience is 100% authentically amazing. We even brought the (especially picky) kids and they tried the tacos and were satisfied (this is huge, you guys - HUGE). So it's fun, reasonably priced, authentic tacos for the ENTIRE family! Oh, and salsa bar is incredibly good. I could not pick a favorite they were all so individually amazing! I cannot wait to go back again soon and try new things! The only downside was that they ran out of churros. Boo. I am so excited for the explosion of yummy taco joints in the Cincinnati area, and Mazunte is definitely now on the top of my list!
<review# 18,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2014,11/7/2014,103,130,2,4,3>5 STARS EASILY! Every time that I've been here, it's been a great experience!! The food is great, price is good enough, and the space is extraordinary.You can't write a review without mentioning the patio! Honestly, I think this is the best patio in all of OTR!  It's closed off from the street, so you don't feel like people are watching you. It's designed nicely with an open area and a covered area, and there's a bar outside!! The only complaint are the white chairs - the hard ones - they aren't so comfortable.Let's talk about the drinks. You can a Miller High Life anytime for $3, and for only $2 when they have happy hour. While we're on that subject...the happy hour...pretty awesome! Good prices for their featured cocktails and house wine + half off on sushi.  The sushi isn't the best in the city, but it's worth eating.  The pork belly buns are amazing, so are the skewers.I suggest going right after work because the happy hour ends at 7.
<review# 19,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2014,11/6/2014,15,78,4,5,4>You'd be hard pressed to find a better draft beer selection.... (Yes, they have Three Floyd's).  Between the amazing 3D artwork and large doors and windows that open to the street, I am trying to fight off going back again tomorrow.  Happy Hour prices are such a rare thing in this neighborhood, and Liberty's are a steal! Ok....I'm going back tomorrow.
<review# 20,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2014,11/5/2014,29,222,1,5,4>Beyond having a hard time remembering the name Buona Terra and simply referring to it as "that gelato place in Mt. Lookout," I think this is a great little place. The gelato is very high-quality and super yummy. I have been unable to take a picture of my gelato as yet, because I eat it all before I think about photographing it! So just imagine deliciousness.I love that you can get two flavors in a small serving. If sweets aren't your thing, there are usually a few savory flavors like strawberry basil or peanut butter sriracha. But I have a sweet tooth. Honey bear and lemon verbena are my favorites so far.  The atmosphere is really nice, as well. We usually sit on the little couch with our kids in the stroller. The servers always seem to be friendly, so also a plus!
<review# 21,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2014,11/3/2014,6,63,3,6,2>Are you ever craving food that is so delicious but will not leave you feeling like you need to run 5 miles to burn it off? Go to Happy Belly. I have had their Basil Hummus Wrap and Egg and Avacado Sandwich on multiple occasions, and they have satisfied every time. I especially recommend the egg/avocado sandwich on the Elephant Bread, which is Vegan and darn delicious! I did have their Sweet Potato Burger as well, which was good. But the wrap and egg/avocado sammy are what will keep me coming back for more!
<review# 22,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/13/2014,11/2/2014,41,131,1,4,2>We had an absolute blast here. The USS Nightmare is a well-oiled machine that will knock your socks off. Even if you prefer different houses, styles, show lengths, etc. you have to respect the amount of detail that goes into this production day after day, year after year. From the lighting, to the period music coming out of the antique radio in one scene, to the almost seamless mix of animatronics and live actors, every minutiae aboard the ship is engineered for thrills. There are three different shows: lights up, for scardey-cats; the regular show; and the special Extreme nights. If you decide halfway through that you can't handle it, there are exits throughout the house. I definitely recommend this to anyone who loves a good scare. It's especially great to ease kids into the haunted house scene, with the Lights on Matinee. Go check it out!
<review# 23,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2014,11/1/2014,95,127,1,7,3>I have been a common customer here for a few years and came only for the bubble tea, until they revamped their menu. The previous menu was pan-asian and had all of your typical asian dishes and was nothing too exciting to me, so I decided then that I'd stick with the bubble tea for future visits.When I came in several months ago, I noticed the interior was re-done and the menu had changed. Curious, I sat down and had lunch with my friend. We ordered the seafood hot pot to share and also the corn chowder and both were fantastic and very authentic when it comes to Chinese food. They even gave us a complimentary seeet rice soup for dessert and it was soooo good. The servers were also very polite and wanted to ensure we enjoyed everything. I absolutely love the new management at Tea n Bowl and can now recommend this place for both food and their bubble tea. Keep up the good work!!
<review# 24,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2014,10/31/2014,65,138,1,4,3>I can't believe I had never been to Arnold's (outside of a quick stop during a pedal wagon), a Cincy staple! Had to stop by the other day for lunch because I just couldn't wait any longer. The place was empty around 3:00pm, so our party was able to pull some tables and chairs together on the back patio. The atmosphere is what really makes this place unique...just read some of the other reviews! I can see how it would be a great spot to cozy up and have a good night, especially if they have some live music going. The food was good, I had the grilled cheese and tomato bisque and was definitely satisfied. It was delicious. The service was a bit slow considering we were the only ones there, but I know how that can be, so no worries there! Arnold's is a great "all-around" spot. On every level, they pass with flying colors.
<review# 25,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2014,10/30/2014,100,121,1,5,3>I've dined at Metropole a total of four times since they opened in Cincinnati. All four times they have nailed it on service; 3 out of 4 times the food has been on point. I love the location, I love the affordable (and always friendly!) valet options ($8, just skip the garage), and the decor/ambiance is crisp, modern, funky-fun but still elegant. The yellow penguins crack me up (but why yellow? Why not red? Or orange? The deep thoughts that haunt me...); and I like that the restaurant can either be upscale or chill (hello, denim-clad scenester servers!). And speaking of servers, all of my experiences at Metropole lead me to believe that it has some of the best service in the city. They all collaborate to complete your dining experience, but you never feel shoved off on someone else; they unobtrusively are always present to refill drinks, clean the table, etc.; and the best thing is that while they offer impeccable, classy service, they seem very warm and without a hint of snootiness. This is saying something, since three times I was there with large groups, and our servers weren't overwhelmed or snotty, and even the hostess that I called to increase our guest count had made sure that the restaurant accommodated our needs. I had a younger dinner guest voice her concerns that her general experience with finer dining establishments is that she felt looked down on. However, after eating at Metropole, she agreed that the staff were courteous and friendly (hence one of the reasons we have chosen twice to have group work dinners there with out-of-town visitors). The food is crazy inventive and flavorful. Sometimes the combinations sound unappealing to me on paper (i.e., the menu is seasonal, in the farm-to-table style, and changes frequently), and it bums me out when they get rid of favorite items. However, some of the dishes the chef creates are sometimes just mind-blowing good. You cannot go wrong with their cheese plates and charcuterie as starters: for example, their grilled toasty bread, topped with cheese, eaten with smoked butter or smoked grapes, the honey, the coarse ground mustard - oh my goodness! I also always get the grilled octopus, which is heavenly (the 7-hour egg is for the bravehearted, IMO). The last time we were there, several people ordered and raved about the steak, but I don't think you can go wrong with their chicken, in whatever style they are serving it at the time. And get dessert! Hopefully they will still be serving the blackberry shortcake with lime ice cream  (one of my new favorite desserts, and it doesn't even contain chocolate!). Another weird-sounding combination but it was just so, so good.Metropole is definitely on the pricey side, but I think it makes a great date night spot or an impressive place to take guests.
<review# 26,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2014,10/29/2014,48,56,3,3,3>If you're looking for something that's a kind of like your hipster coffee shop/cafe, but also kind of different in that it doesn't just cater to hipsters, Iris is your spot. Their walls are lined floor to ceiling with books and not only does that make it cozy (sound dampening), but you can pretend like you're Belle, being presented to a magnificent library of books by the Beast. Except without the glorious crystal lighting.It's not like your dusty old library, but it's not like the worn and torn, well-loved book collection either. They've got a bit of everything and it's so much fun to just walk around and check the titles out. They're sorted by category so it's fun to just browse and see if you can find something new.The interior is a lot bigger than it looks on the outside; even though it's a slender building, it almost feels like a labyrinth inside as the walls cut in here and there and you wander around in and out of tons of books and quietly chatting friends.The best part about Iris? Their soup. And I hate soup.Go for the soup. GO!!!
<review# 27,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2014,10/28/2014,24,33,4,4,3>This zoo is phenomenal. I have been to the world famous San Diego zoo--which was great, but my immediate feedback was that the cincinnati zoo is comparable in many ways. If you're from out of town, don't miss the zoo. The spring tulip show is beautiful and a great photo opportunity. The botanical gardens are lovely throughout the year and span the whole property. In the winter the Festival of Lights is a great date night or family holiday outing. They light up most of the zoo and have some lights programmed to music.I am a season pass holder. My kids love the experience, but so do my husband and I. It's one family outing that's not all about entertaining the little ones every second. We can all slow down, relax and enjoy the beauty and uniqueness around us. No bells and whistles, unless of course you ride the train (which we have many times :) ).The one negative is some of the food. It can be pricey and I don't like most of the selection in the cafe. Some of the local food stands are decent though, but price hikes there too. we usually just pack a lunch and find a table or bench in the shade. Also, if the weather is not ideal, there are plenty of great indoor exhibits to give relief from the heat, cold or rain.
<review# 28,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2014,10/27/2014,16,7,5,7,6>The Littlefield is a welcome addition to the Northside finer dining circle. The food specialities? Comfort food with a twist. The drinks of choice? Bourbon, and a delightful array of concoctions containing strong liquors. The decor is clean and welcoming. Seating options are outside patio, upstairs patio, downstairs and upstairs inside, or at the bar. We were seated immediately and began browsing the cocktail menu. We learned from our waitress that a special flight of bourbon had a portion of the proceeds going to Visionaries + Voices. She explained that each month they pick a different agency to highlight. How nice is it that a new business is already giving back to the community? I, being intrigued by a drink with my own street's namesake, ordered the Mad Anthony. It was a perfect blend of spiciness from the ginger beer and sweetness from the basil simple syrup. Highly recommended. My friend chose Cherry Street, which was a bit too strong for my liking but had amazing cherries as a garnish. On to the food. The cauliflower fritters were a lovely opener, with a crème fraiche dipping sauce. I ordered the mushroom pot pie, which while flavored nicely, proved a bit disappointing by the lack of actual pot piey-ness. It was more of a stew with a small crispy round of pie crust accenting the top. My dining companions enjoyed the BLP, which featured house-cured bacon and peaches on the sandwich, and the Lamb Meatballs. The four of us finished up the night by sharing a slice of the Bourbon Pecan Pie and the Banana Upside Down Cake, both to rave reviews. Overall, the place is recommended. The vegetarian and gluten-free have several options and even garden-variety omnivores can enjoy its offerings. The portions here won't leave you stuffed-to-the-gills full but if you try a few things you won't starve. The staff was fantastic and attentive when needed. I would say it's certainly worth a nice walk from the main drag to have a drink and a few appetizers with some loved ones. As a matter of fact think we'll visit again soon as I look forward to seeing how this little one develops.
<review# 29,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2014,10/26/2014,26,154,4,3,3>Came in here with a colleague for a weekday lunch. Surprisingly, we were seated right away. The service was friendly and everything on the menu looks delicious. I got the chicken banh mi with a side of cauliflower and my coworker got the brisket sandwiches with a side of potatoes. The chicken was juicy and flavorful and the bun was awesome. Go figure, it's from a local bakery. The cauliflower was cheezy... almost like a mac & cheese. Also delectable! My coworker gave the same great reviews to his meal. I'll even go so far as to say that there's not really anything like it around. It's definitely more on the asian fusion side and not at all barbecue, but that doesn't preclude it from being great. To top it all off, the prices are fair! Love it.Bottom Line: I'll definitely be back for this unique tastiness (even though it's not BBQ).
<review# 30,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/2/2014,10/25/2014,28,48,2,7,3>You wouldn't think there would be such a large market for grocery stores in Cincinnati, considering there are about 5 grocery stores within a 3 mile radius, but I was proven wrong when I checked out Fresh Thyme during its grand opening week. My best description of Fresh Thyme is a hybrid between Fresh Market and Whole Foods, but it also kind of has a Trader Joe's vibe because of its small, neighborhood grocery feel. As expected, it was a zoo, but we're putting the employees to work because they seem to have everything stocked (with the exception of my Fage 0% Fat Greek Yogurt). They have a wide selection of produce, including some mainstream brands like Dole. I'm pretty sure it's cheaper than Kroger (or Fresh Market and Whole Foods, for that matter) and also fresher. The bakery is small, but they have a lot of pastries (they're running a BOGO on muffins right now) and also offer some breads that you could also find at Kroger. I love the full-service deli counter with Boar's Head meats -- I could really do all my shopping here if I wanted to! The lady who helped me at the deli also pointed out her favorite spots in the store, including the olive bar, juice bar (homemade orange juice made daily with a price tag to prove it -- $8.99 for a half gallon!), and the beauty and healthcare area (all organic/natural products). They also have a pretty decent beer and wine selection, but the prices seem to be $1-2 more than the average price. And I love, love, LOVE the bulk spices, nuts, and candies!Also a bonus: They open at 7 am, in case of an early morning emergency on the way into work. Overall, a great addition to Cincinnati that I will be taking full advantage of!
<review# 31,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2014,10/24/2014,9,40,,6,2>Want a restaurant that seems completely out of place for the town where it's located?  Deyo's Italian Bistro is it.  Off the main road in Maineville, which isn't exactly a modern area, Deyo's is a contemporary, fresh, and completely atypical restaurant for the town.  We popped in on a Friday evening, not sure of what to expect since they renovated an oil and lube joint.  But having eyed the menu online and heard positive reviews from a friend, we decided to break out of our usual wings and beer rut.  The parking lot was absolutely jammed, but there are plenty of spaces.  Walking inside was something of a shock: everything is bright white, minimalistic, and modern.  There's seating on the main floor, a loft dining area, and an outside section complete with a cornhole court.  The servers and hostesses were all very young, many look like high schoolers, but they were all very pleasant and efficient.The menu has a hefty list of wines, a good number of your standard beers, and the usual coffee, tea, iced tea, and Pepsi products.  Prices were a bit higher than I expected especially for the area. Appetizers ranged between $8 and $13, with entrees between $11 and $23.  Of course, the best way to evaluate an Italian restaurant is their bread basket, right?  Oh.  My. Goodness!  Almost everything is made fresh in the back, from the bread to the butter!  Delicious, soft bread came with a generous scoop of butter topped with garlic, herbs, and olive oil.  Very decadent!We split a bruschetta appetizer, which was a crispy flavorful twist on the usual slab of bread with Italian salsa.  The had a generous drizzle of balsamic glaze over top the thinly sliced toast with fresh mozzarella, tomatoes, and pesto.  The Mediterranean pasta, which we also shared, was chock-full of artichokes, mushrooms, kalamata olives, fire roasted tomatoes, and fresh spinach.  The flavors were extremely impressive, and I was even more amazed when I found out how much was made in house.  The dessert list, which we didn't hit, was surprisingly varied, from local gourmet cupcakes to lemon basil gelato to the usual tiramisu and date nut cake.  Looks like Deyo's has successfully brought an exciting new option to an area that really needed something more than chili and burgers to offer its residents.  Four stars!
<review# 32,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2014,10/23/2014,61,136,2,6,3>So, this is a place with a rather unique concept. For $60, you get:- Choice of a NY strip or salmon- Two different types of salad- Corn on a cob- Choice of four desserts- One bottle of wine, or two glasses of different wines for each diner.The reason this is unique is because you get to cook your own steak and salmon. Now, understand that Valley Vineyard is located in rural Ohio. And as with most rural areas, grilling is a fact of life. I lived in rural America for pretty much half of my life, so I am no stranger to it.For the good:1. You have complete control over how well the steak (and salmon) is cooked, to the extent that you are able to, that is.2. You have complete control over how to season your steak (and salmon) with a selection of store-bought spice rubs and garlic salt. I remember seeing monterey, apple wood, and lemon pepper seasonings. Obviously, lemon pepper is for the salmon.3. All salad, corn, and desserts are pretty much unlimited. No one will stop you from getting seconds. Just don't get too greedy in consideration of other diners.4. Their pre-mixed salad on our visit was Greek salad. It was tastefully dressed with olives, pepperoni, and feta cheese. It was delicious.5. The undressed salad gives you a selection of 3 dressings: ranch, basalmic vinaigrette, and Italian.6. There's a decent selection of wines, including both red and white of dry and semi-dry kinds. Of course, there's sweet wine too. But pairing sweet wines with either steak or salmon is seriously frowned upon by me. Now, the not so good:1. Other reviewers are right, there's very little organization. If you don't ask, you probably won't know what to do.2. Go early if you don't want to bump up against others.3. Once you put your meat/fish on the grill, watch it. Because everyone else's steak/fish looks just like yours.4. Salmon takes much longer to cook than steak, because salmon has to be grilled on tin foil so that it doesn't stick against the grill.5. Inside gets very loud. Outside gets very smokey. Pick your poison.6. Unless you decide to pay premium for straight up cab sauv (and others, except for chardonnay), you're stuck with mostly table wines mixed with different varietals. Not that they're bad, but wine purists might frown.7. Parking lot definitely fills up very quickly past 7.8. The cherry cheesecake is definitely the no bake boxed variety.Speaking of dessert, since I can't verify if the chocolate mousse pie, apple pie, and pecan pie are store
<review# 33,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2014,10/22/2014,150,417,3,4,4>So, one day my sweetie and I were driving down Struble Road. We passed a gas station and saw a sign for Big Art's BBQ. A BBQ joint attached to a convenience store gas station... hmmmm... how good could a place like that be? I hopped on Yelp, and saw some pretty great reviews for it, and added my nifty little book mark so I wouldn't forget the place next time we were craving some smoked pork with yummy bbq sauce. Well, today dear Yelpers was our day and boy did it feel like a nice treat. We pulled into a small gravel side lot, and got out of the car. The air was seriously filled with the best aroma I think I have ever smelled. WOW. If I could have turned into a cartoon character and just started floating towards that heavenly scent I gladly would have. My sweetie agreed, and he was just as excited as I was to sit down and eat. When you walk in, it's a small little place with assorted and random decorations just hung about. You can tell they take their Cincy pride to heart with all the Red's and Bengals decorations, and some nice blue grass and jazz music wavered through the air. The lady up front told us to sit wherever we'd like. We chose a booth in the back corner because I was hoping the A/C wouldn't be blowing down on us too much. Whew it was definitely chilly in there, but with all that amazing cooking going on, I can imagine how hot it must get to the staff.We started with an appetizer of Tina's Stuffed Skins. OMG. I could have just eaten that for dinner and it would have been enough food. The plate came out with loaded skins crammed full of pulled pork and heavy on the cheese, topped with bacon. Good God, I wanted to shed a tear of joy when I took my first bite. YUM. I ordered the pulled pork dinner and it says it comes with a side of coleslaw, and whatever other side you'd like. I opted for the baked potato. (I love my taters.) My sweetie order a half slab of ribs, and when he went to take the first bite, it fell off the bone. It was incredibly tender. I even tried a bite, and they were pretty yummy. He ordered the steak fries for his side and they were gigantic!!! The only downside for me was that they didn't have a selection of sauces. I am a sweet sauce kinda girl though, and the sauce they had definitely delivered. I'm just used to having my extra sauce on the table. Here if you want more sauce than what they give you, it's .75 for a cup. Not a huge deal of course, but I seriously could have my pork swimming in it, so I'd probably be up a few dollars just in sauce. For the location, I was surprised by the prices... a bit high, but once I tasted it, the price was totally justified. YUM YUM YUM. We will definitely go back, and we have leftovers for dinner or lunch tomorrow now! Bonus!!! Oh and if you like large drinks, you're in luck. The cups they use are huge! Don't judge a book by it's cover and go try them next time you have a craving.
<review# 34,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2014,10/21/2014,43,54,2,4,3>I was so pleasantly surprised at how good it was here!! The gyros are awesome, and the dolma is yummy. (I used to live in LA so I have that to compare it to) Great spot to go before a movie, or a night hanging out at Newport on the Levee!
<review# 35,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2014,10/20/2014,177,120,2,4,3>I've walked by Sunny Deli mayhaps 1000 times during my tenure downtown, and have never jumped in for a dish.  I righted that wrong today when my associate and I were looking for a quick lunch and were tired of the same-ol same-ol that can be downtown.  They tout sandwiches and Korean food on the outside which kinda caught me off guard as they typically don't go together, but what the heck, it's worth a shot right?  When we went in there was a line of about 4 people waiting and one guy working behind the counter making everything fresh as it came up.  I saw a salad and a sandwich go out before my meal and they looked OK at best, so I was a bit worried when I ordered my Bi Bim Bap but those worries quickly were calmed when I watched his preparation of the dish.  For $8 you get large amounts of veggies and beef with egg atop a bed of white rice, served with spicy chili sauce on top made this a very tasty and healthy lunch option for downtown.The lady behind me had the spicy chicken stir fry which also looked quite tasty and something I may try next go around. The dining area is kinda boring, yet clean.  Since it was nice outside we opted to get it to go and sat on Fountain Square and enjoyed the weather.  I've also heard of people going to the top of Carew Tower to enjoy the view up there w/ their dish, which is now on my list of things to do.  Glad I stopped in today, will do so again!
<review# 36,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2014,10/19/2014,6,28,4,5,4>An OTR restaurant with room to actually move around? Say it ain't so. Loved everything about my first visit to The Eagle.Opted for the Fried Chicken sandwich instead of the widely recommended fried chicken, and wow. I was a little skeptical of the pickles and cole slaw (not really a fan of either) but went ahead with the sandwich as is. It all just worked. Sandwich was big and chicken had just a hint of spice and great mixture of slaw, pickle and spicy mayo. I'm going to have a hard time going to The Eagle in the future and trying something other than this.We also ordered the spoonbread, and it was ok. It had some peppers mixed in with it, but that didn't contribute to a taste of anything other than traditional cornbread. Really, how great can you make cornbread? If it's not dry, that's good enough for me, and this wasn't dry.Enjoyed a bottle of Troegs Dreamweaver with my lunch which capped it all off. Great experience all around. We'll be back for more!
<review# 37,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2014,10/18/2014,16,184,1,6,4>I bought the Groupon they are offering for 2 months unlimited Yoga/Barre for $49 and I will absolutely be buying a pass when my Groupon runs out.  This is the most professional Yoga Studio I have ever been to and I love that they have such a wide range of classes from beginner all the way up.  I am a beginner and have tried 2 other studios that were listed as being for beginners or all levels and most definitely weren't.  The instructors are wonderful, and always seem happy to be there and happy to help and guide you in your practice.The studio space is clean, a great size and with lots of natural light which is nice too.  Locker rooms are great and even have hair ties in the ladies room!I have tried the Barre classes too which are a little too intense for me but an amazing high-intensity workout.  I imagine after attending these classes regularly for a month you would most certainly notice a change!I love coming here and am happy to have found a great Yoga Studio!
<review# 38,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2014,10/17/2014,21,165,3,5,5>Now open in Anderson, Arthur's Cafe: Anderson.  It's located where the former Perkins used to be, between 8 Mile and Nagel Rd on Beechmont Ave.  I unknowingly (this evening) went to their 2nd day of business.  I thought they had been open for a few weeks.  That said, a lot of the staff appeared a little green/young.  One of the bar tenders used a cheat sheet to describe a couple of beers, but that's understandable considering it was their second day in business.  And I'd rather they have a cheat sheet than just a guess.  Staff made a point to remember my name, and which beer I'd had to see if I'd like another.Their menu is identical to the Hyde Park location, and I was told there will be a new addition to the burger menu called "The Anderson".  I would be negligent if I didn't mention the Burger Madness every Sun, Mon, Tues.  unlimited toppings, and cheeses limited to 6...  yeah, limited to 6 cheeses!?Sitting at the bar with a HP location regular on one side, and a couple who'd never been to the HP Arthur's, we were all getting along joking about my impending heart attack after seeing the size of my burger, and it really had a great friendly local bar kind of vibe, as we were all strangers.  Benefit that this location, Parking!!  Huge parking lot surrounds the Anderson location.  Oh yeah, free Wifi is a plus as well.  Password: arthurswifi .  Nice local addition to the national chain restaurant strip that is Beechmont Ave.!  Welcome to the Farther East!!
<review# 39,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2014,10/16/2014,20,45,4,3,4>I'm not German but this place makes me want to be...The first thing you'll notice is the decoration / atmosphere. It looks like something right out of a German designers Pinterest account, (does this exist?)The second thing you'll notice is the friendly service. The people who work there are seriously some of the kindest, most welcoming people I have ever met. They make you feel like you're part of the family and their charm is contagious.Everything I have had here has been executed perfectly. My favorites so far are the caprese salad and the rigatoni with meat sauce. The chicken salad is also legit.I doubt you can go wrong with any of the options. It also seems like a perfect place to end your evening by having a cup of coffee and share a dessert (which again, I haven't tried but always look amazing). I hope that this place is part of the neighborhood for a long time to come. If you haven't been you are truly missing out on one of Cincinnati's true hidden gems.
<review# 40,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2014,10/15/2014,167,189,2,4,3>I've been taking my dog to Blue Dog K9 Care for about 6 months now, and Maggie (my dog) and I couldn't be happier!When I imagine most doggie day care's I think of tons of animals shoved into a small space not really being monitored or cared for. Visions of dog poop and pee come to my head as well as small non-ventilated spaces. I even think of dogs getting sick and passing it to other pups.......at least these are the horror stories that I've heard from friends who have taken their pups to kennels or doggie daycare's. Luckily these visions are not true when it comes to Blue Dog. Bobby takes extra care to make sure that your dog is in a clean, safe environment. I would even go so far as to say that Bobby has a little OCD when it comes to cleaning, as he is ALWAYS cleaning something when I show up for Maggie. I can't complain though because she never shows up smelling like urine or feces and has never come down with any strange illness, thank goodness!!In addition to the cleanliness, what I love about Blue Dog is that Bobby takes extra care to make sure that your pet is secluded to play with pets of similar temperament. After a bad incident at the dog park earlier this year, I was afraid that Maggie would now become aggressive with other dogs and possibly people. After a few months with Bobby, Maggie now seems less skittish with people and other dogs. My parents have even noted this change!Beyond that the location is still a work in progress, Bobby just moved, and the pricing is great! I couldn't be happier with my choice to take Maggie here!
<review# 41,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2014,10/14/2014,135,164,3,5,7>I am so impressed with this place and will definitely become a regular. I ordered the couscous with lamb. I expected the dish to be composed of couscous with some small cuts of lamb on top, but instead got a beautiful huge leg of lamb. All that for like $12! It clearly had been stewed in spices for hours because the meat was so flavorful and tender. The couscous was perfectly spiced as well. My husband ordered the Bastilla, which was a really interesting sweet and savory potpie like dish composed of stewed chicken, eggs, flakey pastry dough i believe, and almonds, cinnamon and powdered sugar on top. It sounded like an odd combo, but trust me it was heavenly. If you like a little sweet and savory in your food, you will love this! My husband said it was the best thing he has ever ordered in a restaurant. Plus it was only $9.99!!!My mother in law had a greek salad and was very pleased with it. She said the dressing was perfect.We also shared an almond pastry that I can't remember the name of.. It was covered in flakey dough and triangular shaped. It was a nice alternative to a typical piece of baklava.I can't wait to return!
<review# 42,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/1/2014,10/13/2014,52,28,3,6,3>So glad for Los Potrillos. Their food is very good with big portion sizes, but their margaritas steal the show... boy are they strong and good. I can't even drink overly sweet and sour margaritas and usually i don't even get one at most "regular" Mexican restaurants because they are almost always too sweet. Well I am happy to report that i have been twice and Los Potrillos has not disappointed either time! Not to mention that the Happy hour includes beer and Margaritas. A 32oz margarita for $7.99, 27oz for $5.99 and a 16oz for $3.15. You will be satisfied with any of these, but be warned, the 32 oz margarita is no joke! Don't drive home after you have one of these babies!Their chips come out hot, which is great!Have fun and enjoy the best mexican place in Clifton!
<review# 43,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2014,10/12/2014,36,46,4,7,6>Fun Fact: D. Burnham's is named after the architect Daniel Burnham of Flatiron and Chicago World's Fair fame. His firm also designed the Bartlett Building which houses the new Renaissance hotel, and its restaurant that bears his name. Fun Fact #2: The Bartlett Building was the tallest building in Ohio (albeit for a very brief amount of time)Okay, now that I've geeked out a bit, the Renaissance has done a beautiful job of fixing up this building. The lobby, bar area and restaurant have a sophisticated eclectic look. (check out the blueprints of the building hanging in the small lobby on the Walnut Street side) We came in for an impromptu dinner and were seated at a long table with two couches on either side as seating, and I'll admit, eating a fancy meal while sitting on a comfy couch is a surprisingly fun experience! More places should do this!Anyway, the full dinner menu is pricey, but they do have a bar menu with more reasonably priced sandwiches, burgers, salads, etc. I got their poached beet salad which was fantastic! Everyone thoroughly enjoyed their meals, and though we didn't order any on this trip, their cocktail menu has some delicious sounding concoctions that I plan to try the next time I visit.
<review# 44,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2014,10/11/2014,81,187,4,3,3>2 years later still Not  disappointed on a great lunch. I took my girlfriend Toey for lunch. I've been wanting her to try the coconut chicken soup, first thing I ordered...OMG!!! Unbelievable great taste. My girlfriend said it taste like Thai home cooking in Thailand. Fresh tender chicken, cilantro, lime juice flavor with mushrooms. I order the thick noodle dish, that was good. And curry thin noodles. As I said again sensational lunch. Next time I'm not waiting 2 years, it going to be 2 months or sooner coming back...yummmy.
<review# 45,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2014,10/10/2014,55,250,3,5,4>This is one of those times when I wish Yelp had 10 stars because I actually want to give this place 20. I cannot believe I've lived in Cincinnati for so long and never made it to this psychedelic-colored diner before now. I think I've found my new favorite diner, and try as I might to find a complaint, the only one I can find is they forgot to bring an item out for my boo (to be fair, there seemed to be some unexpected staffing issues, and our waitress was very apologetic). Coffee was diner coffee-y. Which is exactly what I want when I have diner coffee. I ordered the sweet potato (with pecans) waffle. I expected the pecans to just be kind of dumped on top, but no my friends, they were baked into the batter! And let me tell you, this is easily among the top waffles I have ever had in my life. Just a brief hint of something spicy. If a sweet potato pecan waffle was this awesome on a hot day in June, I can only imagine how great it would be on a cold dreary winter morning. I snuck a pickle from my man's plate, and it was delish. Everyone in our party seemed to be happy with their dishes.I really liked how Sugar n' Spice seems to attract a very diverse clientele, something that is very rare in this city. I will definitely be back!
<review# 46,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2014,10/9/2014,133,116,7,6,4>Gomez Salsa shines like a beacon in the Cincinnati night. There must be some mystical gravitational beam pulling people in here because it's such a easy place to miss, yet everyone seems to magically run into it. First things first. The food here is redonkulous. It's the stuff of legend. I have dreams about it sometimes. In all seriousness, the food is delectable. The "Turtle Shell", or simply turtle for short, is the star attraction here. A perfectly crisp tortilla wrapped ingeniously around the ingredients of your choice. No limit of toppings, one singular price of $8. Haven't personally had the tacos yet but have heard from friends that they are right on par. Located right next to Halfcut marries the two establishments perfectly. As Forest Gump would say they "are like Peas and Carrots". Bring in your grub, and even grab a drink while your waiting for your food. They will come over and bring it to you! A small gripe, and one that everyone seems to have, is the ordering system. It's way to hard, even for the non-inebriated. The little confusing menu is like trying to play pin the tail on the donkey, in a hurricane, with a pack of rabid dogs chasing you...it's hard. I usually just ask Gomez himself (always working the window) to surprise me and make whatever, instead of having to deal with the menu. If they can sure up the ordering system this place will be absolute perfection. If you're roaming around OTR and get a hankering for some good Mexican food, make sure and stumble on over to Gomez. Just follow the smell of Turtle shells. It'll lead you to the promised land.
<review# 47,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2014,10/8/2014,183,144,1,9,4>We came here on a Tuesday night to celebrate my dad's birthday. It was such a nice restaurant with a beautiful ambiance. You walk past a lobby area full of wine and wine themed items. There is a bar for tastings and neat items to browse through. Past the lobby is the dining area and it's very lovely. My sister and I arrived early for our reservation and they were able to seat us with no problem. They brought us drinks and bread and were very hospitable. We had excellent service that continued throughout the night. Our waitress was outstanding.The food was wonderful. I ordered the create your own surf and turf with the pistachio crusted grouper and maple, mustard and pretzel covered pork medallions. Yum! Yum! Yum! We also enjoyed the pork belly tacos and Mexican drunken shrimp. The presentation of these appetizers was beautiful and they tasted delicious. I ordered the Cooper's Hawk Bellini and really enjoyed it. Definitely a recommendation. We had this banana bread ice cream sandwich for desert (the name escapes me) at our waitress's recommendation. It was an excellent choice. She even brought out some special chocolates, chocolate covered strawberries and coffee---all complementary. It was a wonderful dinner and helped make my dad's birthday very special.
<review# 48,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2014,10/7/2014,65,90,1,6,5>We went here one night after work for Happy Hour but ended up staying for dinner. They actually have a refreshing selection of entrees. While we were walking to our table, I caught a gander at an accompanying tables' pot pie. OMG it was huge, it looked like one that you would make for 5 people. I chuckled because, the lady had only eaten  a little out of the center then told the waiter she needed a doggy bag.  I ordered the turkey burger with black truffle cheese and mushrooms, with black truffle oil & parmesean fries and my friend ordered a cheesburger with the usual fixins and garlic fries. I wasnt expecting anything spectacular. But it turned out to be a culinary experience! I love it when things are made fresh and with care. You can definitely tell the difference. Their turkey burger is made in house with bits of carrots, spices and of course turkey. It was a nice portion, very flavorful and juicy. They also make their own truffle cheese, of which I was thouroughly impressed. The truffle and parmesean fries come as a big stack of shoestrings in a cone cup. I love shoestrings and they werent too dry or crispy.  The only downside was the lighting. I thought it was a bit dark in the place even thought it was still light outside. It kinda made me sleepy, lol but overall a great experience!
<review# 49,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2014,10/6/2014,61,86,8,8,7>Is it possible to be pretzel drunk? Because I'm fairly sure that's what I was after eating my first Brezel pretezel.Located in the heart of OTR on 14th Street Brezel is a smallish storefront that packs a real punch. Specialty pretzels people! You read that right...they specialize exclusively in pretzels. And these folks are serious! The two employees there even had pretzel tattoos! That's some serious commitment to the art of pretzel making, and it shows in their product.I enjoyed the pepperjack and roasted red pepper pretzel and it was INCREDIBLE. The red peppers were actually in the dough itself and it had a delicious peperjack cheesy crust to it. All my friends got something different and we all ended up sampling each others. They were all incredible. Seriously I was pretzel drunk afterwards!I honestly can't wait for my next trip to Brezel. I want to try every flavor they have!
<review# 50,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2014,10/5/2014,55,343,1,6,3>I love seeing historical buildings repurposed into cool new venues and this is what you will find with the new Assumption (formerly Church of the Assumption) in Walnut Hills.Many community volunteers have spent hours cleaning up the former church and turning it into an art galleryWelcome addition to the Walnut Hills neighborhood which has so much happening right now driven by the Walnut Hills Redevelopment Foundation
<review# 51,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2014,10/4/2014,48,36,3,3,4>This is an amazing beautiful farm near my home.  Take a drive on a day with the sun shining, your windows down, through the rolling hills of Indian Hill...gape at the estates, the beautiful countryside, and then arrive, surprisingly, at the entrance to this gorgeous organic farm.  Drive slowly down the gravel driveway, and as you approach, you realize you are truly somewhere special.  Exotic chickens roam free, a beautiful horse (Clydesdale?) grazes behind a barn.  Chicken houses, signs pointing out different growing areas, all so lovely and peaceful.  Go inside the barn, open the fridges, pick out what's fresh, and put your money in the pail.  They also take checks if you don't have cash!  Our favorites are the eggs (brown), kale, shitake mushrooms...It's truly an immersive experience while you are picking out your produce, etc.  If you can't make it to the farm (which you really should someday), find their stand at the Madeira Farmer's Market.
<review# 52,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/25/2013,10/3/2014,94,140,2,6,5>I have been to Dent School House several times over the years and have always enjoyed myself.  I love that there is a great history to the building and the events that occurred make it that much creepier.We went last night for a mini celebration of my birthday and we had a lot of fun.  It was a Thursday evening and we got through the line fairly quickly.  In the past I have attended on weekends and waited in line for hours.  Weeknights are the way to go.  I love the videos they show while you are waiting in line so you are always entertained.  My favorite was the Charles in Charge video with the janitor (named Charlie) killing children to the upbeat tune.  Very funny and twisted.Inside the special effects are great.  I especially liked the lights that made it look like cockroaches were crawling around.  Gross!  The costumes are creative and I love when actors are super creepy acting, which they do well here.  One complaint I have is that they did not stick to their theme.  Yes, there were school children, teachers, and cafeteria workers.  But why were there aliens, demons, and butchers?  I didn't get it.  The actors did startle me several times, making me do my scared dance which is quite embarrassing.They have a new outdoor attraction called the slaughterhouse.  I did not enjoy this.  It's a maze full of actors with chainsaws.  I don't find chainsaws scary, just annoying.  This was not scary to me because you could always see or hear them ahead of time.  I think the haunted maze is a great concept and I love getting 2 attractions for my ticket price, but it could be executed better.  In the end, Dent is a great way to spend a fall evening and I would recommend it.  Is it the best haunted attraction I've been to?  No.  Did I have fun and shriek a few times?  Yes, and that's what matters.
<review# 53,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2013,10/2/2014,144,216,3,3,6>Until I was invited to an event here, I never knew there was a working, educational farm in Cincinnati. This place is so neat and beautiful! The tables for the luncheon were as picturesque as a Martha Stewart magazine layout! I heard weddings were held there in summer and I can see why! From the looks of their Facebook page, they do a lot of neat events to help educate guests about gardens, livestock, honey, and more! If you're looking for seasonal fun, camps for kids, or local meat, produce or honey, check out Gorman.
<review# 54,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/31/2013,10/1/2014,32,69,3,3,4>I definitely think NVISION is one of the best thrift shops in the city. Prices are reasonable, all of the clothes are in good condition and the staff is nice and helpful. I hadn't been since they expanded to the other side of the store where mostly furniture is set up.I found a great golden clutch, that looked like it could have been brand new. My first stop there (quite a while ago) I got the most amazing yellow jacket. Don't skip the basement-- good stuff is down there!
<review# 55,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2013,9/30/2014,42,118,1,4,4>From the moment you walk in, the atmosphere is like a breath of fresh air. They offer you a cup of coffee while you wait. But of course, thank you! There are different levels of stylists. I opted for a beginning stylist because the price was a lot easier on my wallet. (I think her name is Katie.) She was very knowlegable and enthusiastic to make sure I got exactly what I wanted. She even explained what she was going to do before she did it and recommended the products to keep my style fresh. Not only did she do an amazing job, but the senior stylists were there just in case I had any questions.. and they were more than willing to give their experienced input. I love it. I recommend it 100%.
<review# 56,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2014,9/29/2014,19,32,2,4,3>probably one of my favorite korean restaurant in the cincinnati. the service there is super nice. one time we went past their closing hour, they ended opening for two extra hours just for us. also if you go in a big group, they dont force charge the 20% tip just because you have a group, which I really like. not that i leave less than 20% but i just like to have that option if i felt like the service was bad. needless to mention their food is really good. my favorites are their bulgogi beef and japchae. and as always, anytime you order a main dish, you get the unlimited side dishes as well, usually 5 or 6 of them. their food is a little expensive, but i think that's just because its cincinnati. all asian food are expensive for some reason. they're very comparable to other korean restaurants like korea house, or riverside.  of the three i probably like sura best.
<review# 57,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2014,9/28/2014,15,95,2,5,3>One of the best libraries and library systems in the USA!  There's an incredible selection of materials on hand.  There are 2 entire floors stuffed with books, journals, etc. that are not even open to the public!  On the rare chance they don't have what you're looking for, the library can obtain most anything through SearchOhio and OhioLink which access public and academic libraries across the entire state!There are some nice reading areas and lots of big windows bringing in light and providing views of the surrounding city.  The genealogy and local history department is one of my favorites to visit.  There is an amazing number of records available.  Plus, in the library you have free access to the library version of Ancestry.com!There's street (metered) parking and also a parking garage just north of the library on 9th street.Well worth a visit.
<review# 58,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2014,9/27/2014,125,1068,8,16,14>The first time I tried Meatball Kitchen was on the Yelp's BB Riverboats event back in August.  I tried the Turkey Sausage with Bechamel, which has brie & parmesan cream sauce with garlic bread crumbs.  Delish!!  I also tried one of their cupcakes (it had a spicy flavor).  After trying the samples, I was sold.  Definately wanted to drop by and get more! Meatball Kitchen is located in Clifton. You walk in and order.  They bring the meal out to you.  Love the simplicity of this restaurant.  It's small, yet spacious.  Decor and colors are bright.  You pick your meatballs:-Beef-Turkey-Spicy Pork-Vegetarian (gluten free)You choose your plate:Sandwich, Pasta, or Salad.You choose your Sauce:Meat, Tomato, or Bechamel. There are extras you can add for small additional price-extra meatball, bacon, provolone cheese and pickles.If you don't want to get a sandwich or pasta, you can also choose the meatball platter, featured meatball tacos (special for the day), bacon/cheddar meatball burger, etc. I got the meatball platter.  I requested to try a different variety.  So I got the Turkey, Beef, and Vegetarian with Meat and Bechamel sauce on the side.  As my two sides, I got the Kale Salad and the Sriracha Sweet Potato Mash.  For Dessert, I got the pumpkin cupcake.  As for my drink, I got a carafe of house red wine.  Everything was perfect!!!!  Words cannot describe how awesome my meal was.  The meatball was not overcooked, sauce had a delicious flavor.  Kale salad was not soggy (my salad was not drowining in dressing), and my sriracha sweet potato mash was spicy, but not overwhelming.  Server was very helpful and patient.  My friend and I were indecisive on what to order.  He was giving us helpful tips.  I highly recommend coming here.  Their food has a unique flavor and very cheap in pricing.  Menu is very simple, which I love. They also have specials on happy hour on weekdays.  I see myself being a regular at this place.  LOVE IT!
<review# 59,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2014,9/26/2014,74,158,3,3,4>A couple friends and I were searching for a new sushi restaurant to try out on a Friday night after a wine tasting at Oakley Wines. The lack of reservations due to last minute planning limited our options, so to yelp I turned. I'm so glad I did - I think I found my new favorite 'hidden gem' restaurant! Thanks to fellow yelpers, we learned that Asiana is BYOB so we picked up some beer and wine from Oakley Wines and headed on over. At 8pm on a hot Friday night the place was nearly empty so we were seated immediately. Our waitress quickly spotted our brown paper bag of deliciousness and brought over the appropriate glassware, including a ice bucket to keep our white wine chilled. Amazingly they do not even charge a corkage fee on their BYOB!!!We started with a couple appetizers - crab puffs (aka crab rangoon) and chicken satay. Both were delicious - as a matter of fact we liked the chicken satay so much that we ordered another after our first round of sushi. We ended up splitting 5 rolls among the 3 of us - which was definitely too much food but the first round of sushi was so delicious that we wanted more! Our favorites were the green island and king & I rolls. Their sushi prices were comparable to the nearby 'half price sushi' joints but tasted way better!The service was excellent - our water never went empty. The atmosphere leaves something to be desired, but the delicious food and BYOB make up for it in my books! We will definitely be returning to Asiana when the next sushi craving hits!
<review# 60,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2014,9/25/2014,278,854,5,5,3>Such a gem! I am kicking myself for never checking this place out and having lived in the area for a few years. What's wrong with me? Don't answer that, we don't have the time. So, after a perusal of the menu and an introductory convo with the owner (believe his name was Chip) I decided on the vegetarian burger and side of antipasta. Yummy! The burger, like almost everything else on the menu was either handmade or locally sourced and was great. The antipasta was fine as well. The meal was actually preceded by a cup of soft serve ice cream with a few flavors that hit the spot. I will definitely be back and will try to bring a few more people that can enjoy this feel good kinda place.Oh, and the outdoor seating area is perfect for enjoying passersby and great weather. You can hear the bell chimes from the nearby Carroll Chimes Bell Tower. See photos of it here: therivercitynews.blogspo
<review# 61,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2013,9/24/2014,15,52,3,3,4>A spiffy lunch place in an up-and-coming part of Walnut Hills.  Run by two delightful ladies who brainstorm excellent and healthy menus that change from time to time to avoid boring old sameness.  I've had the hand-carved turkey pesto sandwich, the banh mi salad, the ham and cheese with apple slices, and always had a brilliant cup of coffee made in a Clever Coffee Dripper cone using La Terza coffee.  My outright favorite thing they have is their basil vinaigrette salad dressing that goes on their side salads - exceptional.This is a great lunch spot with wonderful hosts.  Stop in for an excellent sandwich, a great salad, and a fantastic cup of coffee.
<review# 62,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2014,9/23/2014,38,8,2,3,3>Kyoto is my go to sushi spot when I'm home visiting the parents. Don't let the strip mall location fool you, this place is hoppin' and always has a steady flow of customers whenever I've had the chance to stop in. The waiters are friendly and willing to make a few recommendations if you can't make up your mind. As far as the sushi goes, I have always found it to be fresh and there are no pre-made rolls (like the Sunday Morning roll at some of the places downtown). They have a big selection, ranging from the basics to complicated speciality rolls. If you're looking to sample a few different rolls or you're with a couple other people, I would recommend getting the Roll Boat. 7 rolls plus miso soup and salad for $50 is a pretty sweet deal! My usuals include: pink lady, mango spicy tuna, and the dragon roll. I'm a big fan of inarizushi, so I was a little disappointed when I didn't see it on the menu, but they were nice enough to make it for me when I asked about it!
<review# 63,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/1/2012,9/22/2014,68,127,4,4,3>This place is pretty awesome! There are tons of activities for kids - huge swings, a GIANT ballon trampoline contraption, underground tunnels and more. Tip - rent a fire pit and have all you friends and family come along. Bring some hot dogs, drinks and enjoy the scenery on a beautiful farm. This has become a fall holiday tradition for my family!
<review# 64,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2007,9/21/2014,16,39,1,2,3>My home gym, and one of the best rock gyms I have been to.  Two reasons:  they have great route setters, and the folks who run it care.  The implications of the second reason:   it isn't some awful corporate-owned grigris-already-in-place, we-worship-our-insurers, porkers-leering-from-exercycles gym where the staff work one hour per week and don't know your name.  It's the opposite.If you like to boulder, you will be disappointed.  And they don't have ice climbing.  But if you go for any other kind of climbing, you will like this place.  They have routes that kids can actually do; they have a lot of space; and they have lead routes that go from almost vertical to bulges to long rooves.  I have been in gyms where the exclusively-indoor climbing route setters will completely ignore features when they set.  It's a missed opportunity for those of us who need to learn to use those features when we are outdoors.  Rockquest's walls have features, and the route-setters use them.  They don't have finger cracks, but I can't think of another feature they are missing.If possible, try to avoid the church groups, birthdays, scout troops and the fatass lady who only comes because she likes to torture her children with criticism.  (They climb; she criticizes.  What is WRONG with people?)  Try it out.  But don't bring your scout troop?
<review# 65,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2014,9/20/2014,133,199,3,3,4>Parked on E. 8th Street downtown, I stepped out of the car at our metered spot and gazed around to locate the small restaurant BK and I couldn't wait to check out. It wasn't long before I spotted the telling establishment, as its elongated, bright white facade and patio teepee seemed to shout a sort of "over here!"We entered through the patio where said teepee was located concurrently with a half dozen picnic tables. The interior boasted the same fresh and bright white design with wood accents, which made its minimalist approach one of my favorite designed spaces in the city.What made Cheapside Cafe even better is that, while I stood in line to order at the counter, I was afforded the opportunity to peruse the beautiful menu board. It was well designed, which made the ordering process that much more pleasant. The menu wasn't particularly extensive, so if you're looking for a ton of things to choose from, this probably isn't your place. But what is lacking in quantity, Cheapside more than made up for in quality. BK was in the mood for lunch, and I--of course--wanted breakfast. He knew he wanted the Curried Chicken Salad Sandwich, while I opted for Challah French Toast (topped with pecans and whipped cream). He seemed to really like his (I liked it, too), but I absolutely loved mine. He was also pretty jazzed to try the Kegged Cold Coffee, which he also seemed to like, and that he described as, "the consistency of Guinness." While on the topic of drinks, I also liked that the water was self serve. Seeing as I could put down a few in a single sitting, I often need refills. That made the process much more quick and efficient.This is absolutely one of my new favorite places in Cincinnati. I can't wait to go back.
<review# 66,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2014,9/19/2014,210,324,5,4,3>Do yourself a favor and visit one of the best bartenders in the city.. Amber makes a mean cocktail, and she's fun to chat with if you get a chance.  I know it's a nice place to eat... but I would know nothing about that.. what I do know is cocktails, and you can get them here...  a nice fall back when you're tired of your usuals...
<review# 67,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2014,9/18/2014,54,48,1,4,4>I can't believe Hyde Park has this cute little gem tucked away!  Amazing ambiance, low-key, classy and elegant vibe.  My favorite wine bar in cincy by far.  The whole place is just so classy yet laidback for you to enjoy a glass or two (or a bottle!).  They also have beer in addition to their extensive wine list.  My group and I tried their mango Moscato and a pitcher of their Sangria, both delicious.  We also got the artisan cheese board to snack on.  They have a nice outdoor garden with a couple fire pits when you walk in.  Inside has dim lights and an intimate feel, a couple TVs on the walls, and they always play wine related movies on their TVs! A great classy place to catch up with friends over some wine & small bites, or a great low key date spot.
<review# 68,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2014,9/17/2014,134,226,1,4,4>**CASH ONLY**This is a cute little stop for drinks, meeting friends, and maybe a meal.  Friendly Stop Café definitely lives up to its name; the staff and the patrons are very friendly.  The bar offers no frills drinks at very good prices.  I did not try a famous burger but will when I make it back.  It can be a bit difficult to find a seat here but it is a great place to come with friends- and maybe meet some new ones.  There are definitely conversation pieces all over the bar (like license plates).  Overall, this makes for a great stop!
<review# 69,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2014,9/16/2014,60,98,9,12,7>All right, so this has probably happened to most folks at least once in their life, I would hope, so y'all don't think I am some kind of freak, but I experienced a legit foodgasm at Wunderbar during a particularly fabulous Wunderbrunch. I mean, foodgasms, they happen, right? They're totally a thing that can happen to unsuspecting people just trying to get their brunch on? Maybe it was the perfectly cooked potatoes, or the garlic sriracha mayo on the pita w/ eggs... or the combination of those with a particularly delicious stout. I might never know, but I sure will be going back to try to, uh, re-create the experience.While the menu seems a bit more slanted toward the meat-eaters (not a complaint, just an observation), there are plenty of vegetarian-friendly options. As the kind of vegetarian who isn't grossed out by meat, I will say that smelling some of the sausages (insert sausage sniffer joke here), was almost enough to convert me back, if I weren't so damn stubborn. And while I'm sure other reviewers have mentioned pretzels bigger than one's head, yes yes, that. I totally made it 2/3 of the way through one all by myself once, so maybe I just need to believe harder in myself next time. Another high point is the awesome beer selection. It is badass enough that I once *had* to try just one more with brunch, and then had to sit around for another two hours, drinking water so I could responsibly operate a motor vehicle. Hi, my name is Lauren and I am a lightweight with alcohol. Good thing they had some quality live music going on, so I was immensely entertained.TL;DR version: Awesome place. Great food/beer, fantastic ambiance, quality live music.Editing in one more note: for those who are allergic to cigarette smoke (like me), Wunderbar is perfect because there is no smoking inside the bar, which is an awesome rarity in these parts of Kentucky.
<review# 70,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2014,9/15/2014,7,85,1,5,4>I've only been once and the perfection I experienced was a bit overwhelming.  I've held off on writing a review of the best restaurant experience I've ever had because it's a bit difficult to get my head and heart around.A friend wanted to have a special experience for his birthday this year so he asked the crew if we'd join him at The Precinct.  Nobody said no.  We all knew that it would be expensive but also a memorable time.We arrive in two cars and the valets quickly take care of us.  We walk in and the hostess seats us immediately.  This is where the night went from nice to absolutely amazing.We're led, single file, through a collection of small dimly lit rooms filled with smiling diners.  We continue on, on past all of them feeling likes Kings on parade to a small room in back with only one table.  At The Precinct, one of the top 10 steak houses in the country, we've been given a private room to celebrate the birthday of one of our own.  That's when we met Frank.Our server comes in at that point when the chairs are still cool from the AC to introduce himself.  He is not only a server here but a Captain.  At The Precinct.  Not only have we lucked out with having landed our own private room but we will be taken care of by a man whose resume lands him squarely in the top 1% of people that do his job.  Lucks largess did not stop there however.Frank capably and quickly gets our drink orders and answers our questions about the menu.  I'm just not in the mood for wine so I enjoy a cold IPA while ordering.  We order a large shrimp cocktail to share between us.  I've heard and read so much praise about the Freddie that it is the obvious salad choice.  As this is the best steak house anyone that eats here is likely to ever go to I decide to go old school classic for my entree and get the 24 ounce dry aged, center cut porterhouse steak.  I get a side of Bearnaise to go with it.  Between us the table orders several large sides to share and whipped potatoes are served with the steaks.First up is the shrimp cocktail.  Ten count shrimp that while cooked perfectly is a bit lacking in flavor.  Add some pickling spices and Old Bay to the water guys, it'll pick that right up.  The cocktail sauce is great.  it's all uphill from here.The Freddie salad comes next.  It's just a salad, right?  There's no freakin' way it's going to live up to all the hype.  My friends and online reviewers have almost certainly built it up too much and I'm sure I'm going to be disappointed.  This is one of the few times I have ever taken so much delight in being proven wrong.  What sorcery is it that allows The Precinct to take simple lettuce, some tomato, bacon and ranch dressing and turn it into something so perfect?  If the meal had ended at this point I'd have gone home thinking this one of the top ten dining experiences ever because the salad was that good!  Luckily though, the meal went on.Before the money shot, a word about the sides.  I remember that they were all great but I want to take time to point out two of them; the mashed potatoes and the Brussels sprouts.  The mash was perfect.  I could leave it at that and be accurate but I must go on... perfectly creamy, perfectly seasoned with salt, pepper, butter, a taste of sour cream and a hint of garlic, perfectly smooth, perfectly hot and flat out PERFECT.  The economy of words and self restraint that I've shown thus far cannot do justice to the sprouts.  I love Brussels sprouts.  The texture and flavor have appealed to me since I first fell in love with them at age 16.  They were, oddly, the first vegetable that I absolutely loved.  The only veg I love more, is Brussels sprouts at The Precinct.  Charred on the cut side, sauteed in butter with just enough seasoning to accent the flavor of the sprouts themselves.  Absolutely sublime.Along with the sides, 24 ounces of my two favorite cuts of beef together dry aged for over two months and classified as above prime was gingerly placed in front of me with a cold, red center.  Just looking at my plate and smelling what was to come filled me with awe.  As I cut into this tribute to excess, this poster child for both the beef and restaurant industries it spills just a touch of red on the plate.  The steak, incredibly, holds on to the moisture nature granted it like a greedy sponge.  Calling this behemoth tender and juicy is a hyperbole of understatement.  Each bite explodes on the palate anew as if it were the first taste.The service we got from Frank that evening was amazing.  We NEVER needed him as he anticipated every whim.  No empty glasses, all questions answered and plates delivered and cleared seamlessly.  Best service and best meal I've ever had.There we were, the  five most opinionated, verbose, rambunctious men I know sitting in absolute silence.  To a man our breath had been taken away by the masterpiece that is dining at The Precinct.
<review# 71,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2014,9/14/2014,89,278,3,5,5>Great date spot!I came here (with my now boyfriend) on our first date. It was a great experience and I'm surprised it took me this long to write a review. Luckily neither of us were picky eaters because it is a pre fixe menu.The great part is there is not decisions to be made which makes for a nice intimate dinner, not to mention there are probably less than 10 tables there. The only decision is your drink and I would highly recommend going with the wine pairing.Its my understanding that the food is all or mostly local, which adds an even more uniqueness to this place.The food was great! A lot of it were things that I would typically never order off a menu, but once I started eating, it was all delicious! We even had a special italian/shaved ice type desert with pop rocks in it! Sounds crazy, but the quality and uniqueness of this dishes gives this place 5 stars in my book!Lastly, this place is quite hidden. Look for the address on the building because there are no signage that stand out to tell you its a restaraunt and not just a nice 19th century house.
<review# 72,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2012,9/13/2014,5,20,3,3,5>Don't come to Fabricate looking for anything specific.  Just show up and take your time looking through all the art and crafts.  You will find something that you never knew you needed but must have.  My favorite necklace and favorite t-shirt both came from this store.  And I especially enjoy knowing that the purchases are unique (not worn by a million hipsters) and supported local vendors.The store feels more like an art gallery than a retail space.  The employees don't seem to mind that I spend way too long looking through everything.  The prices can be very reasonable or out of my range, but it just depends on the vendor.  This is a great place to shop for fun, quirky gifts (for my mother-in-law who has everything).
<review# 73,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2014,9/12/2014,142,162,1,4,6>It's like walking into Japan without leaving the Midwest.  I love the eclectic assortment of food stuff, kitchen utensils, makeup and even video rentals stuffed into this tiny shop.Although small, I could spend a very long time taking minuscule steps along the perimeter of this shop and down each of the 2 (?) aisles. The friendly shop owner will let you gawk and browse in peace unless you ask him a question (me: so what's your favorite matcha candy?).Yes, there's a shelf dedicated to matcha (green tea) sweets. Here is where I discovered the Kabaya panda cookies. Warning: drug--it's that good. Although the items here are marginally pricier than the same items in an Asian supermarket like CAM, this store has more specialty Japanese items that you cannot get elsewhere. So definitely worth a trip. Just don't expect to find takeout sushi here. If that were to happen, I would be here every week.
<review# 74,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2014,9/11/2014,12,74,1,5,4>The three things that stood out to me on our dinner trip to Bella Luna this evening were a) the Prime Rib Cannelloni, b) The Bread Pudding Desert, and c) the effort displayed by the staff. First, the Prime Rib Cannelloni was amazing.  After taking one bite of it, you can taste exactly why it is an award winning dish.  My wife and I got the dish with the intentions of splitting both of our entrees (the other dish was the Scallops & Risotto), and I was not ready to slide this decadent little dish across the table when the time had come.  I've never had Cannelloni packed with that much flavor - and of course, it was finished off with all the amazing cheese and vibrant marinara a good Cannelloni always has. Second, the Bread Pudding Desert is probably an acquired taste; luckily, I have that acquired taste.  My wife did not.  I was ok with that, because it left more for me.  It was truly a treat that is a must try on your next visit.  We ordered the desert sampler with the Tiramisu (which was her favorite), Bread Pudding, and Desert Cannelloni, and the Bread Pudding was the Belle of the Ball by far.  Anyone that likes bread pudding is doing themselves a huge disservice if they go to Bella Luna and not try this dish. As for the last of my very high notes, the effort displayed by the staff was awesome.  It's becoming more-and-more rare to see establishments and their staff go "above and beyond" to make a dining experience something special - Bella Luna brought their "A game", and their manager even lead by example by hitting the floor and talking to customers tonight (she even had some promotional ploys which was very clever).  For my wife and me, the food could be "off" one night, but if the staff lays it all on the line, we are often inclined to give a place another try.  Luckily for Bella Luna, both things were working tonight. I'd say the only things that were a little less than spectacular were the a) eggplant pizzas on the seasonal menu and b) the Scallops dish.  For me, the eggplant pizzas weren't what I was expecting at all - I was expecting a pizza, not a breaded eggplant with marinara, mozzarella, and basil.  I like eggplant, and I like eggplant parmesan dishes, but there was something "off" with the breaded eggplant (they certainly don't use a crispy breading - like a panko).  As for the scallops, they were beautiful and tasty individually, I just found the dish itself (with the risotto and the vegetables) to be "scattered".  Because all the components were integrated into one bowl, it almost turned into a soup by the time you were half way through.  That made enjoying the risotto difficult as it was corrupted by all the other tastes of what was draining onto the plate.  In my opinion, the dish would have benefited greatly from some simple isolation. All-in-all, I really enjoyed my experience at Bella Luna and can't wait to give it another try!
<review# 75,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2014,9/10/2014,104,150,4,5,4>I have this cute little crush on alfios. Kind of like the crush where you want to talk to the girl/guy but you're too nervous to muster up the courage. I would drive past it longingly en route to Whole foods, knowing there was some culinary magic occurring inside. After all, taking on argentine-Italian fusion requires gumption from the chef (one would assume). But alas, my time finally came on my one year anniversary with one beguiling Jay Umbleby. Alfios is the perfect place to dine on such a momentous occasion! And as expected, alfios did not disappoint. Everything on the menu is extraordinary. I struggled to finalize my decision for both appetizer and main course. By suggestion of our [handsome ] waiter, we went with fried zucchini and a side of pesto cream sauce as an appetizer, short rib veal ravioli for jay and seafood risotto for me. The zucchini was a tad salty, but not oily. Could have gone for more pesto in the sauce, but the meal was delicious nonetheless. Jays ravioli with a bit of truffle in the brown sauce is impossible to replicate, it was so good. The type of food where you savor each and every bite. The smallest morsel, packed with flavor. Healthy portion, as well. My meal was better than his, if that's even possible. Genuinely one of the best servings of risotto I've had in my lifetime. Shrimp, lobster, and mussels were served in droves. Perhaps a 1 tablespoon risotto to seafood ratio. I almost fainted in happiness, as I thought, this is what an Italian shark's diet must be like. Lucky bastards! Alfios is just as lovely as I imagined. Perfect for a special date or celebration.
<review# 76,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2014,9/9/2014,17,51,1,5,4>Thirsty's is a great place for happy hour or watching sports.  The tv set up is great if you sit at the bar.  They also have a huge outside patio area (partially covered) which is great for the warmer months.  They also have great beer prices during NFL games and for happy hour.  Happy hour goes from 2pm to 7pm on Monday through Friday and prices are ridiculous!  In addition to deals on a few appetizers they offer $3 well liquor and house wine and $2 pints.  The $2 pints apply to ALL of their almost sixty tap handles...from Bud Light to Breckenridge's nitrogen-charged Vanilla Porter to Guinness to Blue Moon.  ALL Taps!!!  They also have a daily special on specific food items and drinks.  During football season they offer similar deals which if I recall correctly was usually Pint cans of domestic beer for $2.  What a great way to watch the Dolphins go 7-9 and miss out on the playoffs yet again!TV's.  Lots of them.  Five 36 inch tv's across the bar on both sides and two or three across the shorter ends of the bar.  The back wall has nine 36 inch tvs as well.  Sitting at the bar and having fourteen tv's makes watching the NFL games so enjoyable.  There are additional tv's scattered throughout the restaurant area and they also have two huge projection screens (And possibly a third...)  The patio bar has a couple of tv's above the bar on both the inside and outside.  The inside patio area also a wall with another four of five 36 inchers.  This is a fabulous setup for football, march madness and any other sporting events that tickle your fancy.The food selection has been an evolving thing here at Thirsty's.  It isn't quite gourmet but it's better than what most sports bars offer.  They offer the little knick knacks you'd expect for apps; wings, pretzel bites, finger foods.  They have a small pizza menu and a good selection of salads, soups, wraps/sandwiches and entrees.  The full menu isn't available all day but they still have a late night menu available for anyone partying it up.  They also recently updated the menu and now offer gourmet tacos and brunch on Sundays beginning at 9am.For any gurgitators (That's what they're called...) or competitive eating types they offer the Steve & Basil challenge.  It costs $20 and squares you off against 20 boneless wings dipped in their hottest sauce.  Finish in 15 minutes and get your name on the wall of flame and your meal is free!  Contestants must sign a waiver, though.  This sauce don't play!Hunter, Lauren and Amanda are extremely attentive bartenders and take care of their customers.  Service can be a little slow in the restaurant area but the staff is always friendly.  They also occasionally have a dj, live music and trivia if that floats your boat.  Most recently they had a tap takover weekend from Great Lakes on the weekend and were also visited by the lovely ladies from Fireball offering up complimentary shots and swag.The patio area is beautiful.  You exit the main bar area into a side room with several pub tables and stools.  There is a second bar there with beers on tap and overhead doors that open up to the outside and let in the breeze.  When it is warm and sunny this is one of my favorite places to be.  IMO the side room can host about thirty people on the inside and another twenty or thirty on the outside of the patio under the sunshine.  Thirsty's also offers a huge parking lot so there is never trouble finding a spot even when they are busy.Thirsty's is also kid-friendly.  In addition to the tv's they have a private room with a handful of video games to amuse the wee ones.  The restaurant area is also pretty massive so it allows room for youngsters to run around and is great for large groups and parties.All in all Thirsty's is better than your average neighborhood bar.  It has an upscale feel to it without being snobby and brings in a mixed crowd from all walks of life.  I am proud to call Thirsty's Oasis my home bar even though there are other options within crawling back home distance.
<review# 77,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2014,9/7/2014,98,74,1,8,5>The best place to go spend 15 minutes, or 2 hours flipping through records and finding some great classics.  They have a huge selection of anything you might want, and this time was no different.  I always seem to find what I'm looking for, but the best is when you find a little gem you can't go home without.  Today I found some old recordings that I'm excited to get home and play.  I also love the staff, super helpful ad chill.  I highly recommend if you're looking to add to your collection.
<review# 78,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2014,9/6/2014,11,4,3,7,7>My husband and I were in the mood for sushi and had already passed our sushi standby, Muay Thai, on 42. Out of nowhere, we notice this new Sushi place, Sea! So we decided to check it out with pretty low expectations, since the place is tiny and used to be a doughnut shop and honestly, Sushi in Florence sends off warning bells.As soon as we walked in, my low expectations were blown to smithereens! It was classy and well decorated and we were immediately seated. The waitress was very quiet and not a very good English speaker, but she was very sweet and patient as I asked her to repeat herself a couple times until we came to an understanding. She filled me in on a secret item not on the menu. Then two wait staff and a chef brought out a whole fish on a plate, explaining that it had just been caught in Japan about a day ago! I was amazed and it looked very fresh, so we got the meal having no idea what it actually was. When it came out, I was doubly amazed! They had turned this fish into sashimi and sushi and the presentation was mind blowing. I will post a picture later. We had 2 other rolls, the Philadelphia roll and Spicy Salmon roll. Both were very good. At the end our tab was only $31! Not bad at all! We will definitely be back!
<review# 79,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2014,9/5/2014,208,168,1,7,5>My boyfriend and I went on a tour here and I was very impressed with how knowledgeable our tour guide was.  It wasn't your standard tour of "oh look at all the shiny things".  It was actually very informative and long.  We were there walking around for a little over an hour learning about what piece of equipment was used for what part of the distilling process.  It's a great tour provided by a super friendly staff.  And yes, there is a tasting at the end.  You should check it out.
<review# 80,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2014,9/4/2014,11,49,1,6,3>Congrats to Midwest BBQ for getting Cincinnati Magazine's #6 slot in the pulled pork category.  When the recent issue was released showcasing the city's best BBQ, I decided to make it a personal mission to go to all of the ones I had not been to.  Midwest was first on the list of maybe 8 stops.  Stopped in for early dinner (around 4:00) on a Saturday.  The place was very quaint and clean.  The staff and owners were very friendly.  The space reminds you of a old school ice cream stand...that serves barbeque.  Pretty interesting concept considering I love both.  We ordered the pulled pork, the ribs and the wings.  The pulled pork was juicy and not overly salted, both characteristics I appreciate.  There was a good amount of smoke but it could have used a bit more seasoning. The sauces were very good.  Their sweet sauce is their signature BBQ sauce and their Carolina is a vinegar base that packs a kick.  The slaw was a little runny for my liking, but after adding a little Carolina sauce, it jumped a notch.  The ribs were outstanding and it's what earned them the fourth star.  Juicy, nice bark, tender and flavor...wow.  Little advice to the owners, use a little more of what you used on the ribs for seasoning in the pulled pork and it would be blistering good.  The wings were good but you HAVE to order them G-Funk style (teriyaki with sajun ranch seasoning).  Just incredible.As far as value is concerned, I thought the prices were relatively fair but I think they need to consider what the competition is doing.  No sides were included, so I think including at least one should be considered.  (nit picky, perhaps, but I am big dude and value is important in BBQ where some places have become outrageous.)  Also, I would have liked to have seen other southern favs like collards and grits.  This place is a little off the beaten path with little parking, so go during an "off hour".  Very much worth the visit.  I will reserve judgement on the ranking until I have tried all of spots.
<review# 81,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2014,9/3/2014,181,524,1,6,3>Everyone who knows me (or my Yelp reviews) know how ambivalent I am about Mexican. Therefore, it's saying a LOT that I agreed to go to Mazunte TWO DAYS IN A ROW. That's right folks. Back to back meals. This is a fun, quirky, and delicious place to have a casual meal. You won't find your run-of-the-mill American Mexican here. It's all fresh, flavorful, and creative menu items. I love the open kitchen layout, the fun bamboo and wood decor (big logs for barstools, tiki bamboo chairs, etc), the big map of Mexico made from local fast food take-out bags, chalkboard menus, and really cool artwork. The food is so good. So far, I've especially loved the potato empanada and blue corn quesadilla. Skirt steak tacos were also delicious. You can get fresh chips with guacamole or salsa. Everything is so so fresh! I would say there isn't much that is particularly spicy, but it's all tasty, so who cares?The employees are insanely nice and friendly. Self-serve drinks and salsa ensures you have a beverage and snack while you wait for food. One of my friends snagged her pants on the tall chairs, and the waitress overheard her exclamation and got her name and number so the owner could call her about the chairs. Apparently the bamboo chairs were handmade by the owner. Good stuff.
<review# 82,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2014,9/2/2014,107,200,1,6,5>Stopped by this lovely little shop during their opening week. The front of the shop had 4 apothecary jars, each filled with samples of their current offerings. All of them were rich and flavorful - and each of them so different! I eat dark chocolate frequently, but Maverick Chocolate Co. really opened my eyes to how drastically chocolate can vary, depending on where in the world the cocoa comes from. Pretty cool, huh? I was sold. I purchased a bar and made it last for a week and a half - a feat in itself, since it was some truly great chocolate. I will be back.
<review# 83,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2014,9/1/2014,47,105,2,4,4>Man, this place is great.  Great atmosphere, customer service and EXCELLENT Turkey!I have went here a few times, each time opting for the Turkey, Mac and cole slaw.  Their sauce is excellent, just the right sweetness and sour makes it perfect.  If I was to own a small deli/restaurant, I would mimic, Eli's!The employees are so friendly.  There was a guy walking away clearing trays and asking how everyone was doing(we were sitting outside).  He said they use to have BBQ sauce on each table, but customers kept stealing it!  Buy it folks, don't steal it.  So they keep one bottle on a "community" table where you can go up and lather your grub.  They said during the summer they go through 40 gallons a week!  That's a lot of sauce.You can also, BYOB here.  Great place to hang out on a lazy Sunday sitting out back with a 6 pack.  Or, sit in side and chose from hundreds of vinyl's to play on their record player, this place is to cool!Place is always packed, and the location is perfect for it.  You know they are doing something right when if you blink, you will miss them, but they generally have a packed house!
<review# 84,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2014,8/31/2014,40,41,5,3,4>This is definitely my favorite sushi spot in the city!  The rolls are a decent size, they are all delicious, but most of all....THEY ARE CHEAP!!!Ichiban boasts 1/2 priced sushi all day, e'ry day.   I don't know if you're like me...but I've never thought to myself "Yeah, i've had enough sushi."  Nope.  I can always eat more sushi.  Ichiban makes this possible.  You really can't go wrong here.  While the JTB and the Volcano Roll are my favorites, I've never had anything I didn't like here.  The happy hour cocktails aren't bad either, and you can still escape at a decent price after having one.  The atmosphere is nice, and while it gets busy, it's nice not having to fight for a table at a restaurant as I am so use to in otr.  Here is what you WILL have to fight for in Mt. Lookout: PARKING.  Be ready.  It will be worth it however, after you bask in your sushi induced coma.
<review# 85,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2014,8/30/2014,15,78,4,3,3>Just got word that Salazar is open for lunch so I gotta try it, right? Best decision I've made in a while. After a beautiful walk through WashPark I entered into the small but bright and cheery dining room.  I posted up at the marble bar next to a gentlemen enjoying his clams and pasta. (Jim Tarbell) Could this review be any more Cincinnati to this point?  The first thing I noticed about the space was that it is different than many other OTR establishments.....it has natural light on 2 sides instead of just the front.  This gave the dining room a very summery feel.  You can learn a lot about a restaurant by how they do the little things. (Bathrooms, cold pint glass vs. room temp. etc) This place is off the charts: Beautiful linen napkins, nice cutlery, interesting and artsy plates and glasses, leather bound drink list, the list goes on.  My server, Andrew, was on point and very personable.  Cuban Sandwich and half farm salad= perfect lunch fare.  The real Dijon mustard had a sinus clearing kick, and the fresh ginger in the salad was a welcome touch.  Top 3 lunch spots in Cincy as it stands today: 1. Salazar 2. Jean Ro Table 3. York Street CafeWe have a new Champion!!!!
<review# 86,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2014,8/29/2014,29,222,1,4,4>We took my husband's pile of shoes to Mt. Lookout Shoe Repair, and all of their sundry problems were fixed-- his shoe collection is back to new! They were very clear and up-front about what can and can't be fixed and did a good job of setting our expectations. The work was high-quality, and we'll bring more shoes to them in the future!We did have to wait a week to get everything back, so don't be in a hurry.
<review# 87,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2014,8/28/2014,48,174,2,7,6>My first venture into N College Hill lead me to Swad's lunch buffet! When we walked in I was a little disappointed with how empty it was. I mean it was an Indian lunch buffet at lunch time on a Sunday. The place should be hopping. We were sat at a nice booth up front and there was 1 other table occupied in that room. There was also a HUGE bar (with just 6 chairs... all empty). We went to check out the buffet in the back room. WOAH BUDDY! The back room was packed! That's where all the action was! The food was constantly being refreshed so it was always hot and fresh and delish!I tried just about everything on the lunch buffet (except the goat curry) and it was all good. Even a little kick in a few items which was a delightfully unexpected find!The price per lunch buffet was under $10 which is super reasonable for such a delicious meal!I'm definitely going to have to come back and try out the menu offering!
<review# 88,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2014,8/27/2014,109,117,1,4,6>Such a cool spot! This was my first time there and I will DEFINITELY be going back. I want to stay longer and check out more of their bites & wines.I only had one glass of wine. BUT I was very impressed with their selection. I had just attended a wine sampling of some of the best wines available and they had three of them on their menu.We went on a Friday and they had an acoustic singer there who was EXCELLENT! I didn't catch his whole name but his first name was Zane. I can't wait to hear some of the live music that they have scheduled.
<review# 89,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2012,8/26/2014,38,129,1,9,4>I kept seeing Amerasia pop up in my Yelp searches of Chinese places around me and I really never had a chance to try this place out until last night. Oh my gosh. If you haven't taken time to go and try it out, you need to do so immediately. I mean, drop what you are doing and go! This is one of the most unique restaurants I've ever been to and I will be back. Even if you don't like Chinese food, go for the Craft Beer selection. They have over 100 different kinds of beer and for those beer snobs out there, this is your mecca. In fact, my brother and one of his friends are huge craft beer people and they ended up going to Amerasia last night after my husband and I told them about it. They loved it too! We order the Crab Rangoon to start with and let's just say, those suckers were FRESH. Still hot from the fryer, kind of fresh. The sweet and sour sauce is homemade and is delicious. For dinner I went with the sesame chicken and fried rice, where my husband went with the beef and broccoli and fried rice (Spice level 5). He's a spicy food lover and he said that even at a 5, he wouldn't go any higher because he didn't want to burn his taste buds right out! Our food was fresh, hot, and absolutely delicious. I have never had Chinese food that was so beautifully plated and had fresh zucchini. They really do try to custom your food for you based on your preferences. The table of girls behind us wanted to share dishes, but one girl was allergic to something and was a vegetarian and they actually were able to accommodate her. If you are looking for a place that is an entire leap above the normal Chinese take out places- you need to try this place. And if you want to experience this, just bear in mind that they are closed on Sunday and on Saturday they don't open until 4 pm.
<review# 90,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2014,8/25/2014,85,37,4,4,4>I decided to get out of the house for a while, expecting the typical street vendors selling candles, soaps, homemade jewelry, etc.I am glad to say that I was surprised at the amount of other forms of entertainment taking place on Main St in OTR. I spent time in shops like Park + Vine, listened to live music, ate great food, and met a lot of friendly dogs. You'll see me at the next Second Sunday event!
<review# 91,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2014,8/24/2014,95,127,1,4,3>Their food truck/trailer was at an Eden Park event tonight and they had the longest line of all the food trucks, so I decided to give it a try. Before we ordered, they warned us it would be a 30 minute wait. We had time to kill, so we figured why not? I ordered the Cheech & Chong, which had chicken, tomato, onions, monterey jack, and spicy ranchero sauce.. and let me tell you, it was WELL worth the wait. It was literally one of the best quesadillas I'd ever had... the ingredients were very fresh, the tortilla was cooked extra crispy to avoid the ingredients from making it soggy, and just the smell of it itself was delicious. The flavors all sealed very well into the tortilla and every bite was as enjoyable as the last. The 10" quesadilla was more than enough to fill me and this was my dinner, so I do think the $9 was worth it. The people running it were super friendly and laid back. If you're into eclectic takes on simple foods, this may be your calling!
<review# 92,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2014,8/23/2014,2,33,1,4,2>Mekong has finally established itself as one of my favorite "go-to" spots. After about a dozen trips over the last two years, I can't say I've ever been disappointed. The portions are always generous and the food captures the complexity of Thai cuisine perfectly. My mainstays are the chicken Pad Thai, chicken Pad Kee-Mao, Green Curry, and I never forget to add an order of their amazing Summer Rolls. Keep in mind that good Thai food is more expensive than Chinese food --no $4.99 lunch specials here! But you get what you pay for and I don't mind paying $7.50 for a lunch entree when it's this good. Give this little tucked-away spot a shot. You won't leave disappointed!
<review# 93,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2014,8/22/2014,24,33,1,7,5>The coffee is good, the service is friendly and the atmosphere is top notch. It's a place for everyone. I walk from my house to this coffee shop often and see locals congregating at tables in the front, patrons working on laptops and colleagues gathering for meetings. I have trouble ordering before I get sucked in by the local artwork on display. I also attend art shows at FTC on occasion. My drink of choice is a cafe Americano with a shot of peppermint. Mmmm. My kids are obsessed with Fort Thomas coffee and ask to walk there multiple times a week. They usually choose juice boxes, or blueberry pomegranate frozen yogurt a.k.a. FRO YO during the hot months.  The hidden gem for parents is the play area in the back of the coffee shop equipped with seats for little ones and plenty of toys. This area alone makes it possible for me to meet a friend and grab some coffee while having the kids with me. Since the kid area is in the back, you don't have to worry about interrupting those sipping quietly upfront. Great place. Great owners. So glad it's a part of my community.
<review# 94,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2014,8/21/2014,65,138,,5,4>We've been awaiting this place forever and it's finally here! Thank God because this place is AWESOME. The menu is hilarious and mouthwatering at the same time. The draft and bottle selection is great, and (my favorite) they have Abita root beer on tap. Not only that, but BOTTOMLESS KOOL-AID?! That's just amazing. Also, they have dark and light roast coffee, which is a nice touch.The atmosphere feels cozy with a gas stove, mismatching tables/chairs, and Cartoon Network playing on one of the big TVs. Just the spot I'd want to go after a long night. I also love how the napkins are rolled in dish towels and the mugs are all different... it adds so much character!The service was friendly and quick, the food was just what I needed, and the street parking was easy. 5 Stars for Hang Over Easy!
<review# 95,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2014,8/20/2014,311,349,,6,4>Crispy truffle gnocchi - review complete.Driving up to this little gem you wouldn't think much of it, but it's warm and inviting on the inside - very lofty but elegant feeling. The bar is to the left, host to right right with a coat check and friendly faces. Being led to the intimate dining room we sat at a booth and had napkins laid in our laps. Our server was full of personality, added thoughtful extra touches, and was Italian with an awesome accent - makes the experience that much better :-)My sister and I like to try multiple things so we decided to share everything - they made everything on split plates for us looking perfect with no extra charge. Tuna crudo - such a beautiful presentation and delicious first appetizer. Vitello Tonnato - tender pieces of veal with some sort of amazing mousse that I wanted to lick my plate for. Crispy Potato Gnocchi - SO RICH and so tasty.Short Ribs - This was my least favorite of the night - short ribs should fall apart with just the touch of your fork - these were a bit tough and I can make better risotto. However, I was extremely full by the time this got to the plate so I wasn't hungry anyway. Tiramisu in a martini glass... with a candle... and an Italian guy singing me Happy Birthday... I'm ok with that. Great wine, atmosphere, food, presentation, and service. Definitely a good choice for a special occasion or if you just feel like spoiling yourself!
<review# 96,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2014,8/19/2014,61,136,3,6,1>A lot had been said about other reviewers, and I do agree with them for the most part. There's a huge selection of sushi here. The quality of the fish is great, and the prices reflect the quality of the sushi.Just a few notes:- Sushi Monk definitely has the right ratio of rice-to-fish. The vast majority of sushi places in Cincinnati tend to overwhelm their sushi with rice. But not Sushi Monk. The rice-to-fish ratio steadily lowers as you progress from regular to house to special rolls.- Their wasabi is not the green death type of potency. Instead, it delivers a satisfying kick but has a sweet horse radish taste. If you're a wasabi purist, you won't like it. But for the vast majority of people out there, you'd find this more tolerable than most.- Service is very fast here. Took them about 10 minutes to prepare a phone order for 2 rolls.- Most of the toppings for fancier rolls are fish and sauces. To my best knowledge, caviar does not make an appearance on any of the rolls.- Don't be concerned about prices when you order pricier rolls. You get what you pay for here. Their ingredients are definitely very high in quality and give you a satisfying amount of fish/crab/shrimp/scallop in the rolls.I will probably update the review when I have some of their nigiris, ramen, and fried rice.
<review# 97,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2012,8/18/2014,103,130,5,4,4>RANCH FRIES!  THEY ARE GREAT - GO EAT THEM!!!!  Seriously though, the ranch fries are amazing. They also have a nice array of burgers!The look is very old-school - it looks like a very Art Deco Cafe, but don't be fooled - there food and drink selection keeps up to date with modern times.The servers and bar tenders are as friendly as can be, but what else would you expect from College Hill (no joke - I never find a place in that neighborhood that doesn't have pleasant friendly people!)They close early (10 on Sundays, 11 on other days I think), so it's not the place to go for nightlife, but a great place if you plan to keep it low keep and want a good bite to eat!If you sit at the bar, tell them Steeber sent you - they'll either have no idea what your talking about or they'll criticize you for knowing me...haha - enjoy!
<review# 98,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2012,8/17/2014,52,101,7,15,4>$7 can buy you a lot of meals these days. You could purchase a $5 Subway footlong with a bag of Doritos and talk about how healthy you are for eating fresh. You could have it your way at Burger King and get a Whopper Value Meal with a side of gross. You could head for the border and order up a septet (that means 7 for all you illiterate type) of tacos at Taco Bell. Or you could go to Findlay Market and have a pasta made to order that will seriously change your life (probably not) and change the way you look at pasta (probably definitely).Prior to discovering Bouchard's I was somewhat pasta challenged. As a kid I used to get excited about going to Olive Garden which I now believe to be the worst chain in the world, nay, the universe, because surely intelligent life on other planets can't have food that's worse than Olive Garden. In recent years I've grown accustom to cooking Italian at home using boxed dry pasta and a jar of Prego which isn't too bad if you are poor or have the palate of a tongueless gimp. From time to time I would splurge and go to some high end Italian restaurants and happily drop 20 clams on a perfect plate of pasta. But then I discovered Bouchard's.Simply put, Bouchard's is the shiznit. For $7 you get homemade pasta, homemade sauce and fresh ingredients. And the best part is you get to pick what you want in your pasta by using an order pad and checking off the ingredients you want. Couldn't be simpler and it couldn't taste better. Seriously, to say this is the best pasta I've had in my life feels like I'm doing this place a massive injustice. It's that good!And if that's not enough they sell all their homemade pastas and sauces in jars so you can take it back home to your trailer (or 4 bedroom estate if you're like me) and live like a Northern Italian prince with pasta that only the finest gold and riches can buy. I know I'm hyping this place up but the hype is real. Go to Bouchard's and see why 20 other Yelpers are giving this place 5 stars!
<review# 99,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2014,8/16/2014,48,56,,5,4>I can't believe no one has reviewed Marty's on Yelp! They're the best...the only bad part is that they seldom come to where I live/work. Mostly they hang out around NKy, and when they are in downtown, they're never at some of the more popular events (City Flea, Washington Park area). I heard about them from a friend who mentioned that Marty was his art teacher at  NKY University and I was so intrigued!I first caught them when they were at the Food Truck Alley during Taste of Cincinnati and I fell in love! So much better than Taste of Belgium! They have a great balance of crunchy and soft and it's a little cheaper than ToB as well! ($4.00 for some milk, butter, sugar, and flour is a bit steep...) I've never tried anything except the original waffle, but they do have a fruit and cream option, where the cream is a Bourbon Cream...I've been wanting to try it but I can't imagine that it would be better than the original itself!They also have the waffle ice cream sandwich which sounds delish!Follow them on twitter or Facebook; they're really responsive and active about posting where they're gonna be. They usually have stable weekly showings like some antique market in KY or Loveland farmer's market in northern Cincinnati (still pretty far from me)Once you go Marty's, you never go back...
<review# 100,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2014,8/15/2014,35,34,3,7,5>Don't let the look from the outside device you... For a Chinese Buffet, this is as good as it gets. $12 bucks, great food.They have a great variety of food from dumplings to crab legs, chicken specialties and beef... There's something for everyone, even the kiddos( pizza and pasta make a very special appearance)The best part of it is the crazy amounts of desserts they have, there's 2 full fridges of about 16 different favors of Blue Bunny ice cream among other things.
<review# 101,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2012,8/14/2014,16,7,3,5,4>Nestled in lovely Montgomery lives Brooklyn Pizza and Pasta. Formerly a part of local chain Noce's, Brooklyn Pizza has stepped out as an affordable and delicious dining experience of its own. The location may be small but the staff are welcoming and accommodating. I had the luxury of being able to try many of their dishes. I kid you not, this place has the best vegetable lasagna I have ever tasted. It starts with a rich tomato cream sauce, adds an abundance of three types of cheeses, then pulls out all the stops with spinach, carrots, mushrooms, and pesto grilled eggplant. In the mood for pizza? Try the White Dream pizza with broccoli, tomatoes, and basil on garlic/olive oil base. It has everything I love about New York style white pizza, including adding the ricotta cheese in large, delicious clusters. For the meat lovers out there, try the antipasto salad with 4 (yes, four) types of Boars Head meat topping the salad spread. My companion also raved about his hand breaded Chicken Parmesan with the spicy spaghetti. In conclusion, try out Brooklyn Pizza for yourself. Get it to go or dine in but if at all possible save some room for the Cannoli!
<review# 102,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2014,8/13/2014,100,121,2,6,6>Simply put, this place is a gem. In Cincinnati where we are blessed to have an abundance of amazing, fancy, trendy restaurants, sometimes (in my case, many times), you just need simple, budget-friendly, no-frills comfort food with consistency in service and quality. Cilantro nails all of these. When my husband and I just want a quick satisfying meal; my daughter has a lunch craving; or I just want to duck in on a solo date or for takeout for an evening at home, Cilantro fits the bill perfectly. My 11-year-old claims it is her favorite place in Cincinnati (and we have taken this kid everywhere, running the gamut from funky-fun Terry's to white linen-clothed Boi Na Braza), and I love it as well. I eat here probably once a week, and I never get tired of their porkebabs, pork rolls and friendly service. In chilly weather, I love warming up with one of their veritable tubs of beef sate soup (portion is HUGE). In warmer weather, you can't beat one of their refreshing and yummy lettuce noodle bowls (a carb-y salad, how delicious!). The ingredients are always generous and so fresh-tasting. And the prices are ridiculous - cheaper than most fast-food places, but healthy and scrumptious. The only minor drawback is that I wish they served basil with their soups (but you do get a good portion of bean spouts, lime wedges, jalapeños and cilantro). But I do miss that little kick of peppery freshness that basil adds.Cilantro is a wonderful place for lunch OR dinner (they don't jack up the prices at dinnertime, which is something I've never seen anywhere else). One of the best values in all of Cincinnati.
<review# 103,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2014,8/12/2014,54,103,2,9,6>Blue Koi is the new kid on the block as far as NKY sushi goes.  I've been patiently waiting for Fusian to open over here, but now I no longer need to wait, as Blue Koi is the exact same concept and is just as tasty!  The menu is just about the same at both places, it's the Chipotle of sushi.  You build your roll as you go, or choose one of their pre-selected specialty rolls if those sound good.  I went with a build-your-own roll: seaweed wrap, rice on the outside, with tuna, avocado, jalapeno, green onions, eel sauce, and sesame seeds.  The roll was delicious, and the flavors went great together.  The avocado was nice and ripe, which is good.  Last time I went to one of these fast food sushi places, the avocado was hard as a rock.  The rice here isn't as good as your most basic of sit down sushi joint, but that was to be expected.  It tasted like it needed more of that vinegar sugar mixture that makes sushi rice so yummy.  One roll is 10 pieces and is pretty filling.  On a good day, I could eat two though, which would get expensive at $7.50ish a roll.The decor was nice, with modern looking bamboo looking tables and clean lines.  The place was spotless, especially since I got there right after 11 and was probably their first customer of the day.  You could tell that the staff was still learning the ropes, but they were friendly and did a good job making my roll nice and tight.  It didn't fall apart at all.  Overall, this is a great lunch or dinner spot, and I hope they keep up the good work.
<review# 104,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2014,8/10/2014,20,199,4,7,5>Special occasion spot, you will drop a c-note per person, with tip, so you are now forewarned!  Stunningly beautiful old former estate, the building and interior with 3 or 4 uniquely different grand dining rooms make this place an adventure every single visit.   The decor is a spectacle of tasteful opulence: red lush leather booth seating, interesting wall decor (men's bathroom is a history lesson of the 30's, 40's and 50's with the original framed wall art) and even the sidearm leather table chairs are downright decadent. Now let's get to the heart of the matter with the food: C&J steaks are right on par or surpass, Ruth Chris, Manny's, Del Frisco NYC, Smith & Wollensky, etc...Service at C&J is truly impeccable and world class, as is the entire food menu (15 steak cuts, fresh daily seafood, raw bar oysters and other shellfish brought in daily), and the bottle wine list.  There is just one thing keeps it from an all-gusher review: wines-by-the-glass menu could definitely expand to more reds, including 3-4 more solid zins, especially with all that delectable prime red meat.  They need to step up the glass wine list.  Like all his restaurants, beef is dry-aged, an art form they've perfected.Don't be fooled, their non-steak dishes are also world class savory preparations as are the sides (family style sides will feed 3-4 people alongside entrees).It really does not get much better in the U.S. than Carlo & Johnny, so it is a must-visit for any and all steakophiles.  Oh yes-- first class bar with unique, tasty cocktails and solid, talented live music (with extra-large entertainment stage and dance floor) every night make this place swing and rock.  I've been 10 times and there is no decline in food or service, the pro staff just keeps on cranking out 5-star food at 5-star levels!   So, so lucky to have this steakhouse in the eastern 'burbs.  Vegans step aside, I'll take your steak-- get in my belly.  Now.
<review# 105,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2013,8/9/2014,268,128,1,7,7>Attended a Tedx event at Memorial Hall yesterday and the venue was spectacular!  How could I have lived in Cincinnati for 30 years & have never been there?  Let's get the word out people!  The stenciling on the ceiling and walls in the reception room on the main floor had me absolutely gawking!! Not to be outdone by the wrought iron and marble staircase that led to the auditorium.  Both the history and architecture of this building will blow you away!! However, the piece de resistance was definitely the auditorium with it's acoustics, murals, rich color design and it seemed like there was not a bad seat in the house.  It felt at once accommodating, yet almost cozy.  On the first floor, there was only one single person restroom, but perhaps that was different on the second floor.  I'm looking forward to having a reason to go there again!
<review# 106,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2014,8/8/2014,16,184,2,3,4>I'm a little obsessed with this store!  It's tucked around the corner from the square so I probably would have never come across it, but a friend and I were taking a long walk around Hyde Park on a nice day and came across it.They have great gifts, jewelry and home accessories that you won't find anywhere else.  The owner/manager was there and was so warm and friendly and was totally cool with us just browsing since we had left our wallets at home (either fortunately or unfortunately for me since I wanted to buy everything).  This is a great place for baby shower/wedding shower/housewarming party gifts, or just to find a unique gift for a friend.  Prices are a little steep but not unaffordable. Can't wait to return (with wallet!).
<review# 107,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2014,8/7/2014,36,46,2,5,5>Okay, okay. I'll admit, I kind of always thought of Ault Park as JUST the main pavilion and gardens. Fun fact: Ault Park is the fourth largest in the Cincinnati Park network. Another fun fact: Ault Park is much more than just the main pavilion and gardens.There is an entire network of trails running through the park ranging from a pretty flat, easy to walk gravel path to some pretty steep, narrow, uneven inclines. It's definitely one of the more varied, fun hikes I've been on. The trails are well marked and there is a good map at the Ault Park Advisory Council website. We ended up winding our way through the trail system eventually following the cliff trail up (and up and up) to the Heekin Overlook, which was a great reward at the end of the hike. You're never far from the noises of the road, but it's so muffled, it's not distracting. The trail got pretty muddy at places, not an issue, just something to be aware of.One thing that's great is Ault Park kind of covers everything. Expansive green space for running around, picnic spaces, playgrounds, trails, gardens, event space, etc.
<review# 108,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2014,8/6/2014,33,90,2,5,3>Dutch's is my favorite bar in the Hyde Park, Oakley, Mt. Lookout area. There isn't really anything comparable unless you go to OTR. They have a small bar area, a decent sized room next to it with a large communal table, and a wonderful patio. They usually have a good selection of like 8 beers on tap. These rotate frequently and focus on craft beers. They also have a nice wine selection and good cocktails. Because the seating areas are either small or communal, I have many times had the pleasure of meeting new people there and having good conversations.I remember when Dutch's was just a walk-up bottle shop and I could go there and pick up a single beer. The bottle shop section is still there and beers can be purchased from there and enjoyed in the bar (for an additional fee) or taken home. Then the bar opened and it was a fantastic addition. Out back at the patio there is a bocce ball court which is a great way to spend a lazy Sunday. Actually, Dutch's is one of my favorite Sunday Funday places where I have spent the whole day just relaxing, enjoying the weather on a nice day, and refreshing myself with good drinks. Then the Larder section opened. This caps the experience and is another fantastic addition. Inside the larder they sell a variety of meats, cheeses, condiments, prepared foods, and it also now houses their wine selection. In addition, they prepare food to order while relaxing at the bar.Dutch's also happens to be one of my favorite burger places. They don't serve burgers everyday though, only on Thursdays, and they fill up and sell out. The meat is sourced from Hops & Heifers, a farm associated with Oskar Blues Brewery. Every Thursday they make one style of burger. You don't have to worry about any choices as there is only the one burger available and they change the toppings every Burger Night. But every time I have eaten their burger I thought it was great. Quick recap: great beer, wine and food can be purchased there and great beer, wine and food can be enjoyed there. I definitely recommend Dutch's for all the categories it fits into.
<review# 109,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2014,8/5/2014,61,75,7,5,3>(Said in Stephon's voice from SNL): If you're looking for a great night out with friends, then look no farther.  Arnold's Bar & Grill is Cincinnati's hottest bar and grill.  This place has everything: chicken sandwiched between two waffles, flights of bourbon, an outdoor patio, and a group of old guys playing the washboard, banjo, a jug, and a saw.  No seriously.  Well, if you go on the first Saturday of every month anyway.  I can't remember the name of the band, but once a month you can enjoy the hilarity of their lyrics while feasting on meals as fabulous as their chicken and waffle sandwich or most recently I had the blueberry chicken.  They take reservations but cannot guarantee outside seating.  Ps. this is the oldest bar in Cincinnati and has all the charm you would expect :)
<review# 110,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2014,8/4/2014,72,74,3,3,2>As a multi unit segway owner I love The Garage OTR and Segway of Cincinnati. I've yet to take any tours but I reached out to them for help with an event I was needing some assistance with and they were very helpful and accommodating which I really wasn't expecting as much help as they provided me. They went above and beyond and really showed me their showroom, their work room and had me meet their staff, and when I returned the next day for a follow up their owner was so personable and friendly, she was a great breath of fresh air. This is definitely a place I would recommend people going and taking business to. They're small business owners who made their dream happen and I can see how they're successful through being friendly and providing great service.
<review# 111,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2014,8/3/2014,5,16,1,6,3>The Littlefield is a stellar addition to the Northside neighborhood. In short, the craft cocktails are classic yet not repetitive, and the food was great. My favorite part of The Littlefield is simply the variance of atmosphere. Inside, you can find an intimate two person table, outside you can sit at a picnic table, under a pergola, or play Foosball, or you can go upstairs to the deck and enjoy a table with friends. The environment is welcoming and the staff is knowledgeable. We had the Pot Pie and both my girlfriend Christine and I stated that we noticed the freshness.I got the old fashioned which was refreshing, but my only complaint is the tiny glass it comes in, simply a matter of preference. The Whiskey Sour ordered by Christine was exceptional. The adding of the eggwhite adds a variance you won't find everywhere. The Littlefield is quaint and fun but has a vibe that invites groups and dates alike. Check it out.
<review# 112,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2014,8/2/2014,197,296,6,3,4>Oh. My. Gosh.Uhhhhhhhhhhh if I'm not mistaken, these pork buns have GOT to be as good as the ones at Ippudo NY, and if not, pretty darn freaking close. The pork belly just melts in your mouth and the bun is so fluffy that if Agnes from Despicable Me ate it she might've actually died. Supeeeeeeeeeeeeeer satisfying. So I'm Korean & I am a vegetable pancake aficionado. Let me just say that the aioli sauce that it comes with is amazeballs. It really cuts the grease associated with the pancakes. The pancakes aren't greasy but they're really thick (the ones that they sell in countries like Japan and Korea are really thin--the flour is used more as a holding ingredient rather than a base & there's a LOT more chives and scallions). I was sad that they didn't include chives. If anyone in management is reading this. CHIVES. SCALLIONS. CARROTS. It's the holy trinity of asian pancakes. Broccoli is a nice fusion-y compromise I guess. I can't complain though--it was still really good & the tare is on the money. We also had the Kaze salad. It's quite tart, but delicious & refreshing (especially after pork buns and vegetable pancakes, which are very very savory). The radish not only tastes great, but has beautiful presentation. The vinaigrette really ties it together.Last, I also ordered a half size spicy crunchy tofu roll (which had 6 pieces, and I was obviously stuffed at this point). It was great, but definitely bland without either soy sauce or the spicy sauce. I'm assuming that the other rolls are way more delicious (oh my gosh crunchy scallop makes my mouth water), but my boyfriend's mom isn't a seafood person so I wanted to get something that we could both share. It's still an amazing vegetarian option though!Service was really friendly, although he didn't exactly make any specific recommendations. We kept rushing him because we had an opera to catch, but he was patient with us so +1 for him. I think his name was Brian. I don't remember. Sorry dude. $6 dollars for valet service (expensive but whatever).The best thing is, for all the food we got, the bill came out to under 30 dollars before tip for two people. We didn't get any drinks, but $30 for dinner seems really reasonable for this type of ambience & quality food.Definitely going to come here again to try more items on the menu with my sushi loving boyfriend. tl;dr Pork Buns are Ippudo NY twinsies, vegetable pancakes have a great aioli sauce that comes with it. Service is nice, valet is $6.
<review# 113,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2014,8/1/2014,55,250,2,3,3>I've been to many baseball games over the years: numerous MLB games, several MiLB games, and some college and high school games. But I'd never been to an independent league game until a couple nights ago when we saw the Freedom take on the Windy City Thunderbolts. Pros: **Free parking**$1 beer/soda/ice cream sandwiches the night we went (think this was a special, obviously not every night! You could also get a large $2 non-specialty draft, which is a darn good deal if you get something like Hudy Amber).**Great cheap seats with excellent views of the field**Lots of random entertainment -- Belle the bird mascot flirting with unsuspecting middle-aged dudes, a mascot shaped like the Florence Y'all watertower, etc.Cons:**Sound system was little iffy, sometimes it was difficult to mince out the announcements**Kind of sad bathrooms**Boring pro-shop -- I was so ready to buy some cheezeball Florence swag (why not an homage to the water tower with something like "Florence Freedom y'all") but the logo on ALL of the merchandise was boring as hell**I get that this is a peanut-free ballpark, OK cool. But WTF is up with letting people smoke in certain parts of the park? It just seems to invalidate all the weird branding of "everyone can enjoy their time at the park!" surrounding the no-peanuts thing when you can smell smoke drifting by the restrooms. Ew.Overall, I love baseball, and while I wouldn't buy season tickets here, I'd totally go again on a night when the Reds are out of town and I need some cheap entertainment.
<review# 114,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2014,7/31/2014,58,439,4,6,3>Fun dive-y bar in Newport. Interior is definitely basic, but on the night we were there, a rockin' band was playing and it was clearly all about the music (much too loud for any conversation!). I wouldn't come here to eat or for fancy cocktails, but it's a good place for people-watching and throwing a few back while listening to a fun band!
<review# 115,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2014,7/30/2014,61,86,2,6,2>What's not to love about Starlite Drive-In Theater? It is one of the last of it's kind. The drive-in movie theater is a dying breed. I hope Starlite is around forever though.I've been coming here since I was a wee babe. I remember seeing The Lion King when it was originally released here! And since then not much has changed. Full of charm and nostalgia Starlite is like taking a trip back in time.And talk about value! $8.50 gets you in to see not one but TWO movies. That's less than the price of one movie in a regular theater. Concessions are totally reasonable as well. My last visit I had a medium drink (that was HUGE) and it was around $2. While they offer the typical movie theater fare (soda, candy, and popcorn) they also have more substantial items like hotdogs, nachos, pretzels, and pizza. All for a reasonable price.I think the best part of the drive-in though is the EXPERIENCE. There's something so nostalgic and wonderful about sitting outside eating junk food and enjoying a good film.Though it's a bit off the beaten path Starlite Drive-In Theater is well worth the drive. You can't beat the value of two movies for the price of one and the experience is truly one of a kind!
<review# 116,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2014,7/29/2014,183,144,4,4,3>I love Flavors! This is everything that is great about a local restaurant. Super nice. SUPER NICE people here. Every time I've eaten here the service has been excellent. My favorite thing on their menu is their wrap-a-ritos. Their portions are huge! I usually share one with my boyfriend and they will happily split one on two plates. They are stuffed full of goodies like beans, rice, green beans, carrots, peppers, etc. The Thai chicken and chicken pesto are my favorites. They make their pesto themselves and it's wonderful. But the star of the whole place is their house sauce. Think a ranch sauce blended with garlic. OHMYGOSHYES!!! Plus, this place can meet any dietary need. Paleo, vegan, low fat, low calorie or Adkins friendly. Big thumbs up!
<review# 117,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2014,7/28/2014,133,116,3,8,5>New favorite breakfast/brunch spot. The National Exemplar has been on my list of to-do's for a long time now but circumstances always kept me from coming here. I am glad that I have now experienced what I feel every other person in Cincinnati has experienced. We visited on a Sunday morning around 11:30. We walked in and put our names in and requested patio seating (sit on the patio, trust me) and were seated 5 minutes later. We were immediately faced with a dilemma because we didn't know if we wanted breakfast or lunch - both looked so good it was hard to choose. We eventually went with breakfast. I ordered 'The Works Omelette" and the Mrs. ordered a trio breakfast - waffle, eggs, and sausage. The omelette was fully loaded as the name suggests. There were huge chunks of ham, and sausage along with mushrooms, peppers, and onions. I appreciated that they sauteed the veggies before cooking the omelette, a pet peeve of mine. The waffle was crispy on the edges and moist on the inside. You could tell this was homemade batter.We also opted for the $4.95 mimosas and bloody mary's. Gotta have one of each of those bad boys. It seems that coffee is free here. There is a coffee station when you first walk in and our coffees that we ordered at the table weren't on the bill. This is a small but much appreciated offering. Honestly, coffee should be free anyway, but again, a much appreciated offering.We haven't had the lunch or dinner here yet but if it is anything like the breakfast we enjoyed it is sure to live up to expectations. Overall, a very solid 5-star experience.
<review# 118,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2014,7/27/2014,40,63,2,4,3>I love waking up from a nap, panicking because I forgot to pick up my dry cleaning, and then remembering this place is open until 7 and I won't have to wear my stuffy interviewing suit tomorrow instead. Cleaner Concepts is my favorite dry cleaners in the Hyde Park/Oakley area because they are quick, courteous, and do a good job. They even offer same-day service if you bring it in early enough. I have tried a number of other cleaners in the area and find this one to be the best in service and price.
<review# 119,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2014,7/26/2014,33,72,4,7,6>I visited Sitwell's with a friend because we heard some very good things. I also wanted to try something different, so I ordered the herbal tea classified under the "Ayur-Vedic Teas." There are 3 choices under this section: "Kapha" (stimulating), "Pitta" (cooling) , or "Vata" (cooling). Our server was very friendly and we chatted about the options; I decided on the "Kapha" and chose to have it steamed with milk. My friend ordered a vegetarian burger and a regular coffee. Our drinks and food came out several minutes later. The herbal tea (which came in a glass mug) was an unique experience; it tasted like a spicy cinnamon black tea, but it was not mild or strong in flavor, so I can see why it's described as a stimulating tea. It was somewhat memorable. Essentially, they offer 3 menus. The overall place is like a renaissance person; it's a little bit of everything in terms of café food (like wraps and salads splashed with some vegetarian options) and unique caffeinated drinks, but they also serve some signature cocktails and specialty sodas. We enjoyed our stay there by the window and noticed how the place resembles an attic, a lovely old one with antique tables. We left feeling fulfilled from our chat and our experience, but also felt that the crowded parking and location wasn't very convenient for us . Maybe if we're in the neighborhood, we'll come again just for the unique drinks.
<review# 120,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2014,7/25/2014,85,55,7,13,3>Ok, this was a fun one. (I hope no one takes offense to this.) Have you ever seen Three Amigos? You know the scene where Steve Martin, Chevy Chase and Martin Short all walk into the saloon for the first time? youtube.com/watch?v=Zh7e - The whole place stops. Everyone stares. And, it's just a bit uncomfortable. That is, until Lucky Day busts out "My Little Buttercup". Classic. This is basically what happened when my wife and 2 blonde boys walked into Taqueria Ramirez last Sunday, minus the piano and singing. Ha!We sat ourselves in a back table, and tried to blend in as much as humanly possible. No chance, but we did our best. The good news? We immediately knew this place was AUTHENTIC. When every Mexican who lives around or near Florence is eating in this place, you know you're not at Chi-Chi's any more. Now - the food. We ordered tacos and an asada quesadilla (easy for the kids). The tacos are CHEAP!!! $2 for a taco. Compared to La Mexicana, you are getting more meat in the taco (and waaaay more than Bakersfield). The shells are homemade and good, but not dripping with oil like they are at Mexicana. That said, the al pastor is less flavorful than La Mexicana, but the carnitas! HOLY COW!!! Delicioso! Very flavorful, pretty salty, excellent! Definitely want to go back for those. The steak quesadilla was, eh. The chips and salsa were eh. The service was friendly and attentive. There were a few language barriers, but nothing serious. I'd love to go back and try other dishes. I noticed the regulars were not ordering too many tacos or quesadillas. Saw a lot of other dishes I'd like to try.If you want a CHEAP and authentic mexican bite, this is the place.
<review# 121,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2014,7/24/2014,15,103,2,5,2>Figured it was time for an update now that I have been reigning for some time as the Dutchess  of Back Porchia.Some foodie updates!  BP has some really good entree salads, notably JB's and Southwestern Chicken. Oh, and the BLT salad, too. They are truly a full and satisfying meal, with a variety of texture and tastes to truly tantalize your tongue and tummy.  When you add chicken for $3 it's a whole grilled boneless chicken breast so you get a lot of meat, so do not start with an appetizer or you may not be able to finish your salad. Down side is you can't get a half size on most of them.Great news on the chili front: "Texas Chili" refers to the seasoning, to distinguish it from the sweet Cincinnati style, but it is not Texas style with cubed beef. It's regular ground beef chili and is a generous bowlful that we have really enjoyed. Just spicy enough to warm your heart and help the beer go down.Speaking of beer, they have 12 taps, including Blue Moon and Yuengling,  with six rotating craft beers. The bartenders are knowledgable if you have questions before making your selection and will cheerfully give a sample.Soups of the Day are consistently top notch, ranging from a creamy potato to real home style chicken noodle just like Mom used to make.  (Actually my Mom never made soup, she was too busy working full time and keeping the house in good order all on her own, but if she HAD made soup, it would have been this good!)You may notice the jukebox is non operational more often than not, and here's the scoop on that... Being a pub with a strong emphasis on food and appealing to a full spectrum of ages, management doesn't want a situation where some drunk decides to download and crank out maybe 45 minutes of gangsta rap or something that would NOT fit well over lunch or dinner for a diverse crowd of customers.  It seems there may have been such incidents leading up to this  policy.  But fear not-they have an excellent mix on Sirius XM playing during those times. It's even better than the jukebox, as you will definitely hear stuff you like and it won't cost you a dime. Or a dollar.There's some kind of entertainment or trivia  going on just about every night (check their website), notably Captain Mike now on Tuesdays, who's a darn good solo guitarist doing 70s soft rock, southern rock, some contemporary country, and he starts at 5 PM so it's fun for dinner or an early night out. Oh and it's crazy crowded on Friday and Saturday nights when it's too cold to use the back patio, so be prepared for that.  Golden Tee Golf is here, no pool tables or darts.  Lots of TVs, a little too many for my taste.  I've yet to experience the patio and outdoor games, so check others' reviews for that when the weather gets nice.All in all, this is a fun and friendly pub you are sure to enjoy.
<review# 122,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2014,7/23/2014,174,628,3,4,4>So, I've voiced my issues in the past, but they've been solely due to the fact that this place is entirely TOO POPULAR and needs to be twice as big. Why is it so popular you say? Because the food is incredibly fresh (made in-house daily), imaginative, well presented, and just amazingly delicious. You would think you were in any large metro area other than Cincinnati. This is the kind of place that Cincinnati needs. This last time I brought the whole family, and everyone couldn't stop talking about how great an experience they had. Not only was the food delicious and satisfying, but the service was exceptional. Truly it was. Becca was fun, engaging, helpful and right on top of everything. I would go back just for her service. The margaritas as always are the best in town, hands down. I also sampled some of their premium tequilas. It's refreshing to finally have a place locally that offers so many quality tequilas paired with a great environment.You MUST get the guacamole. It is so good, you'll probably end up ordering two. They have added a few new menu items recently. The Tostada is huge and delicious and possibly the best value on the menu. (A great option for vegetarians)I had a torta. While they do not offer a vegetarian torta on the menu, (for shame! ;)  ) they were quick to pull together anything I wanted on mine and let me just tell you, it was really tasty and satisfying. The only downside? It's so popular, there's a long wait. They set out to be a bar that had good food, but Cincinnati has spoken and it appears they are a top notch restaurant AND an excellent bar. They need twice the space!Do yourself a favor, set aside some time, get on the waitlist and eat here sooner rather than later.
<review# 123,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2014,7/22/2014,52,69,4,4,1>I'm convinced that stone lanes is the best bowling alley in the city. I like it because it has just the right level of "bowling alley feel". It looks like hasn't been updated in at least 20 years, so it feels traditional, but the lanes are kept in good shape and operational. There is a hyper bowl section (black lights and whatnot, which is always awesome) but it isn't all crazy like star lanes. The prices are very reasonable, and they have different deals almost every day of the week. In addition, they have some pretty decent beers on draft. The food is pretty decent, it's what you would expect (pizza, burgers, fried stuff)All and all, my friends and I have had some pretty good times here.Stone is pretty much just about bowling, and having a good time.
<review# 124,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2014,7/21/2014,15,95,1,3,2>WOW!  This place is awesome!  Excellent Middle Eastern food and amazing service.  My wife is one of those people who always asks the server for their recommendations.  The server had recommendations from every single section of the menu, plus told us what she adds to each dish that she thinks improves each one.  She obviously eats here regularly and loves the food.  We took her recommendations.  We got the hummus appetizer, which was delicious. I had the beef kafta rolled with banana peppers and some other things, per the servers suggestion.  Amazing!  I could have eaten one of those for every meal for a week!  It was so good.  Kind of a Middle Eastern fusion type of thing, but it was Lebanese/Turkish type of spices in the meat. I don't remember what my wife got, but it was delicious as well.  We had baklava with pistachio filling for dessert.  Good, but the entree is where this restaurant shines.  There is a large case full of different cakes that all look amazing.  Next time we'll try cake instead of a more traditional Middle Eastern sweet. We will definitely be coming back every time we're in the area.  When I checked in on Yelp I got a 10% off coupon for the meal!  Make sure to check in before you pay in case this coupon is still being offered.
<review# 125,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2014,7/20/2014,336,296,3,4,4>Don't drive past it if it looks dark inside.  Their windows have a dark tint.  The "Open" signs will be on...and you'll be glad you stopped.You have to try the donut with pink icing and fruity pebbles on top.  They are sweet and flavorful.  Each bite was amazing!I've also had their big warm soft melt in your mouth croissant with egg and bacon.  Very satisfying breakfast!  They are reasonable too. We both had a super awesome breakfast for a total of $6.  Need to get the word out on this place.The pink in the blanket is like the "pigs in a blanket" but with their own variety of meats inside like a jalapeño ...something...oh, shoot, I forgot.  We will go back to find out.  I'll update later. The next a Safety Meeting I bring donuts to, they will be treated special when I bring these.
<review# 126,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2014,7/19/2014,27,8,4,7,5>HANDS DOWN BEST SUSHI IN CINCINNATI. Hidden gem is an understatement. I started coming to KOTO about a year ago and fell in love. You can tell that the sushi chefs take their job seriously, as every roll is a piece of art. In ingredients are as fresh as they come and the rolls are huge! Don't fall into the trap of the half price everyday sushi you find in other areas, this place is worth the drive. The restaurant is under new ownership as of a couple months, and is offering more specials throughout the week like BOGO as well as the all-you-can-eat on Sundays. While I am sad the restaurant has lost some of the most fun, energetic, and friendly sushi chefs I have ever met, the quality of the food is still exactly where it always has been.
<review# 127,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2014,7/18/2014,65,133,1,6,4>After a long absence from one of the best brunch joints in town, I was able to make a return visit to the Echo this past weekend. Per usual, there was absolutely no disappointment. The hustle and bustle of the wait staff, old-school diner style seating and the smell of fresh pancakes and bacon on the grill wafting thru the air was exactly what this girl needed at 9:30am. My friend and I grabbed a booth nearby and I proceeded to get my item of choice - Eggs Benedict, Echo Style with a side of home fries. Boy, oh boy, I had forgotten how absolutely delicious this was! The eggs were cooked just right. Once you cut through the egg, the runny yolk and hollandaise sauce mixes with that goetta underneath (anyone who knows me, knows I LOVE goetta)...it's just heaven on a plate. This dish will set you back $9 and it's totally worth it.Other there are great, as well. My friend got a sampler that had two giant (read: the size of my head) pancakes, bacon, sausage, two friend eggs AND grits.... for a only $9. If you're salivating after this review and still sitting on your butt, please...do your stomach a favor and get yourself to The Echo!
<review# 128,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2014,7/17/2014,38,34,,6,3>Yelp community, I think I found a diamond in the rough! I've tried cloud 9, dancing Wasabi, Bangkok bistro, and Saigon Cafe and I think this one takes the cake. I brought a group of 7 and they had to combine tables to accommodate, but it easily worked. The people were very nice and it had a very nice ambience. The food was really good too. Between the group, we got sushi, miso soup, salad, dumplings, chicken fried rice, and chicken teriyaki. Everyone enjoyed there meal and I especially enjoyed my sushi. The other great aspect is the price. It's very reasonably priced and they split checks. Plus this is family owned and I'll support that all day long. On the side, they had really cool ice cubes. They also had the coolest little candies they give you after you pay. I will be back often and I recommend it!
<review# 129,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2014,7/16/2014,278,854,2,4,5>Surprised I'm the first to review this place.... Anyways, if you have never heard of Rookwood Pottery, take a minute and read about it here: rookwood.com/history.php or just google it. So, you want to own a piece of Cincinnati artistry? Step up and feast your eyes on shelf after shelf of handmade excellence. My favs were the beer steins and the triptychs of Cincinnati landmarks. There are pieces that reflect the history of our great city and more general pieces as well. The prices might seem steep but remember these were made right down the road* in the good 'ol USA and you are helping to keep the dream of artists alive and kicking. The pottery is high quality and will last, i.e. you'll be handing these down to your grandkids (whether they like it or not!!!).Oh, and from what I've gathered from the nice guy working there, every Second Saturday they have a wine/beer and snacks for customers. Nice treat!*Wanna tour the factory/surdio? Free tours on Wednesdays at 10:30am Call 513.381.2510 for more info.
<review# 130,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2014,7/15/2014,43,96,2,3,2>7 Minute burger: medium rare, bleu cheese, fries and some Lipitor. If that was a meal I had every lunch I probably would die a happy man a very one large one but nevertheless a pretty stoked one. This little hole in the wall lunch-only place on 4th Street is a total gem. I cannot tell you how many times I have walked by and did not notice, only wishing now I had seen it way before. You cannot go wrong with any menu item here. They have great soups, salads and the quiche is really something else. The staff here is always nice and as great as the food. If your office needs a place to cater I totally recommend Paula's they can fix any size party as long as you give them a heads up. Just keep in mind as with all lunch places downtown seating at peak times might be hard  but I have not waited any longer than fifteen minutes for a table. Now the burger... it's delicious and the size of your face. Juicy and hot off the grill any way you like it. I had it the bleu cheese sauce and it blew me away. Wheat bun with fries on the side or chips completes this lunch mammoth.
<review# 131,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2014,7/14/2014,69,49,3,4,3>I absolutely love this place especially now that it's close to my work. I will die for their banana nutella crepe. I've had my share of nutella over the years but theirs just tastes so much better and is so much richer. My go to meal is chicken and waffles. You get a pretty decent piece of fried chicken which is a little darker than what you might be used to. First time I had it I thought it was burned but that wasn't the case. The coating is very crisp but the chicken is moist and then they cover it with some kind of hot sauce that is just enough hot to win over even the people who don' t eat hot sauce at all. Their waffles are different, they are made out of yeast so they are not fluffy but dense. I think they put sugar in the dough....it tastes sweet to me that I always ask for maple syrup on the side and not even use it. Don't take my word for it just go there and eat it. They also have waffles to go!I am enjoying their Clifton location very much as it is very specious unlike their OTR location. I've had lunch there 4 times in the last couple of months and never had to wait one minute. There is always street parking but you can also park in the back and pay $1/per hour. Their staff is just phenomenal. Food comes up quickly and perfect every time. Oh em gee! I forgot to say something about the fries! The best fries ever! Crispy and tender, more on the brown side which is what I like and it comes with this amazing dipping sauce that's a little tangy. I cannot wait for some warmer weather so I can sit on their outside patio for lunch and happy hour. They might have to kick me out at that point.
<review# 132,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2013,7/13/2014,133,199,1,3,3>I'd been wanting to get to the American Sign Museum for a very long time. I finally got to go, and it was unbelievable.I absolutely loved it. I had a feeling I would, but it lived up to and surpassed every expectation.Our tour guide was incredible. He wasn't your typical flashy guide, but he was dang knowledgeable. Having worked for a sign magazine for a number of years, it was clear he really knew his stuff. If you're buying General Admission tickets, make it a point to buy them at the same time you schedule a guided tour. It's the same price as GA tickets, and it's absolutely worth it. Plus, when the tour is finished, you have all the time you want to peruse the museumIf you have any interest at all in art, design, typography, signage, and/or history: this place is a must visit. Naturally, it was right up my alley, but even Date--who is a history guy more than anything--said, "I liked it a lot more than I thought I would."I particularly enjoyed how the signage was organized by era, but I also loved the grand finale, which featured a multitude of signs intermittently placed on what looked like a town street.My favorite signs were the "Drugs" sign that hung from the ceiling in the late era (30s to 70s) room; McDonald's sign that stands nearly 26 feet tall (and cost $38,000!) and the adjacent Howard Johnson sign; as well as the "Pops" sign that lit up an entire wall in the special events room. I also really loved the "letter wall" at the entrance.It saddens me that there isn't enough funding to refinish the remainder the museum's 20,000 square feet. Next time I go, I am absolutely going to pony up the $35 to become a member (that $35 includes the $15 admission, so it's only $20 extra), and I will do my part to ensure everyone I know understands how awesome it is and that a visit is necessary.If I ever have a wedding reception, it'll be here.Overall grade: A++ [out of a possible A+]
<review# 133,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2014,7/12/2014,3,3,,2,1>This place is easily my new favorite menswear boutique. Perhaps "boutique" is an inaccurate descriptive word to use because it's more like a gentleman's closet/dressing room than a boutique or, to be more precise- exactly how I dream MY closet/dressing room should look. Stylish, masculine, and a tad whimsical, the place carries American and locally-made items including jeans and Detroit-made Shinola watches (swoon!) and Ohio Valley Beard Supply beard oil. Definitely a manly establishment! I'll give it 5 stars when they get some beard combs!
<review# 134,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2014,7/11/2014,20,45,2,4,3>Well hello walk up taqueria! A small unassuming window is your conduit into what is sure to become the raddest late night food stop in OTR. We stopped by on a Thursday and there wasn't much of a crowd but I can basically see the impending line around the block. We split a turtle shell with carnitas which is like a high-class crunch wrap supreme, (I mean this in the most delicious, endearing way possible). I told the sweet girl at the window that I would take "everything on it" and she obliged. The owner even came over to say hello while we were waiting. There was also a girl in line who said this was her second time eating there THAT DAY, (a pretty solid vote of confidence for the place). Anyways the food was awesome and affordable. No doubt I will be back. I think next time I will get extra hot salsa and see if they can throw on some jalapenos. Being that you can grab your food and walk over to Half-Cut is just that much more of a reason to stop by. Seriously...do it.
<review# 135,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2014,7/10/2014,60,98,2,10,4>Tea 'n' Bowl is one of my favorite places to treat myself when I am feeling blue. I always get something yummy to eat (they have really great vegetarian options). I was hooked on their teriyaki tofu for awhile, but now I've moved on to orange tofu. Both are fantastic. I also love to get a bubble tea whenever I stop in. My favorite is red bean, but I also enjoy strawberry and green apple. I kind of change my favorite depending on the seasons, I think. Bubble teas always have a way of cheering me up, which is the reason this place is a stop on my "Treat yo'self" tour of Cincinnati.The only thing I find odd is you pay for the bubble tea separate from the food order. However, I have been such a repeat customer over the last year that I don't even find that weird anymore. It's just how it works. The staff has always been very nice and courteous, and I've never had a bad experience at Tea 'n' Bowl. Just thinking about their delicious food is making me want to stop by again very soon.
<review# 136,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2014,7/9/2014,125,1068,5,14,11>It's amazing that I lived in Norwood for almost 2 years and didn't know that this hidden gem existed. Lindner Park at the McCullough Estate is a well-maintained little gem tucked away on the northern side of Norwood near Pleasant Ridge.  When you are on Cypress you go through many beautiful old homes and this one almost dead ends (no outlet) on the left hand side.  I felt like I found a secret treasure. There is a small paved parking lot down the driveway.The highlight of this park is it's historical structures:  a huge stone swimming pool, bath house made of cypress logs, a foot bridge that looks like it came from a fairy tale, and others.Besides the wooded setting, A very nice, shady picnic area is located at the end of the driveway near the parking lot with fairly new tables, trash cans, and a working water fountain, a small formal garden, and lovely fish pond.   The trails are fairly easy and the whole park can be explored in a couple of hours.  There is a trail head to the woods beside a bench overlooking the gardens. I only hiked/walked one.  What I loved about this spot, you pass by the remnants of some old structures on the property. The trail continues on a little ways before it dips down toward the creek. The trees are very unique.  Looks like a jungle gym! I will definately return.  It's beautiful and peaceful.From what I read from the site,The Norwood Historical Society holds meetings at the McCullough home and the Drake Planetarium hosts outdoor learning labs at the park for schools and groups.  Another great historical site in Cincinnati! I'm lucky that I live only a couple miles away from it.
<review# 137,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2014,7/8/2014,37,39,,6,2>Yes oh yes!  I used to go here all the time but haven't in awhile due to relocation.  This place is a dive, but the food is AMAZING!  You're hit with Thai aroma as soon as you walk in because the kitchen is completely exposed.  The owner is very friendly and funny, we would always joke around with each other,  I never got anything besides the Pad Thai or Pad See Eew because it was so good.  Definitely worth a try, just know it's cash only before you make the trek.
<review# 138,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2014,7/7/2014,13,79,,7,1>My wife and I have been trying to get to the new Boca since they moved to 5th street.  Reservations are hard to get on a Friday or Saturday night in short notice... especially when there are shows at the Aronoff.  We finally had the opportunity last Thursday evening.  We had high expectations, and they were blown away.  We not only had an amazing meal, but one of the best dining experiences ever.  The building is gorgeous.  We sat close to the open kitchen which was fun listening to the interaction between the chef & line cooks.  The service was exceptional (ask for David, he was great).  Boca has a comprehensive drink list offering everything from beer to ports & cognacs, but that list is topped by the incredible wine list.  I travel to France a decent amount for work, and Boca has a great selection from each region in France including the Loire region which is my personal favorite.  They also offer quite a few wines by the glass.  Now onto the important stuff... food.The best part of the new Boca is that they offer a tasting option for most of the entrees along with a full size option.  If it's your first time, I recommend going to the tasting route.  Ask the server, they are very helpful in describing the dishes.  We went all out and went with 6 tasting portions.  Our favorites:-  Gnocchi con Fonduta; this is seasonal and will go away in the spring/summer, but get it while you can,  Creamy gnocchi with a rich truffle fondue.  Amazing.-  Caramelized Brussels Sprouts;  best ever, and I believe their most popular dish.-  Mediterranean Loup de Mer;  delicious branzino (European sea bass).The grilled romaine & seafood risotto are also good. At first glance we weren't really feeling dessert so we mixed it up a bit, and went with the Pommes Soufflées with béarnaise sauce.  I can't even describe these things, just order them & ask how they make them... pretty fascinating.  They have only identified 2 other places in the world that make them.We were then surprised with a dessert on the house.  My wife loved it!  Buttermilk vanilla panna cotta w/ passion fruit soup and roasted pineapple.
<review# 139,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2014,7/6/2014,27,70,,4,5>Absolutely love this place. It is small but it is not too small where you feel like sardines in a can. They have comfortable chairs to sit and allowed to bring pizza up from Goodfellas below the bar. I believe weekdays are better to come because the seating arrangement are more intimate. Meaning the seats are facing each other. On weekends, the seats backed against the wall does give more space on the floor but lose that friendly feeling. The bartenders are very helpful. Have a large selection of beers and they are happy to help you decide. They will give you samples but PLEASE dont take advantage of it and we lose that spark from them. I will definitely come here again.
<review# 140,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2014,7/5/2014,104,150,,5,3>My biggest regret was not going to Myra's sooner. Holy cannoli this place has some serious mojo. Full disclosure: I love soup. I make an inordinate amount of soups. I longed for the day a local business specialized in soup. Then...TA DA. Myra's! But Myra's is so much more. It's a UC Campus staple, venerated by the locals. It's a tea paradise for the pinky out-ers in all of us. It's a smorgasbord of vegetarian, Greek, and Mediterranean foods. And it proudly embraces all that is local in this world. You walk in and find a small but bustling community board, pictures dating back to Myra's earlier days, and a pastry counter with fresh Greek pastries that entices you before even sitting down.  I had myself a bowl of avgolemono, a lemony rice soup that I tried to replicate at home (close but no cigarillo). Soup nazi-sequel without a doubt. My boyfriend made equally good choices in the Thai pumpkin soup and creamy poblano soup. My Greek gyro was above average, but my heart belongs to the soup. See paragraph 2. I'm surprised Myra's isn't busier than it actually is. It's pretty small and cozy--I would assume the dining room fills up fast.  But on a Saturday night, there was a gentle flow of diners, nothing too crazy. Great spot for an intimate and affordable dinner. Try the avgolemono!
<review# 141,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2014,7/4/2014,142,162,2,5,2>Pleasant! I walked in thinking quick, cheap gyros and walked out leisurely, having enjoyed a vegetarian stew simmering with tomatoes, eggplant, and peppers. The interior is surprisingly polished, set up like fine dining. My friend had the chicken adana wrap, which she thoroughly enjoyed. We shared free pita bread that was brought out warm. We purposefully had a light meal so we could indulge heavily in dessert right afterwards (girls plan these things in advance), but what we did taste, we loved. Plus, our server was attentive and explained the ingredients in the dishes. It truly felt like "fine dining" service with "quick dining" prices. Already eager to revisit.
<review# 142,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2014,7/3/2014,52,111,,5,2>I went in to get my eyebrows done and was asked if it was my first time and who referred me. My friend who told me about the place was given a credit and I was given a free wax. I didn't even have to ask, that was great. They were all booked up so I made an appointment and went next door to Nordstrom Rack to do some shopping and asked them to call me if anything opened up sooner (next time I will make an appt)- and they called within about 10 minutes to tell me to come on over.They use a wax that gets hard on your face and pull that off instead of the strips and I did notice that it was less painful. She did a great job and was professional and friendly. She did tell me about some products, but without being pushy, which I appreciated. I would recommend!
<review# 143,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2014,7/2/2014,12,74,2,4,2>Avril's is a very solid meat shop.  Most won't be blown away by the presentation management puts forward when you walk in, but based on my first visit and purchase of dry aged NY strips, these guys clearly have it going on.  Finding dry aged beef available to purchase for the general public is very difficult.  Avril's actually ages their product in house and I must say does an impeccable job at it.  This is the first time a true dry aged steak has graced the grate if my green egg.  Although I'll know how to grill a dry aged steak better next time (there is a difference) I couldn't be happier!  We are lucky to have Avril's!
<review# 144,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2014,7/1/2014,211,416,2,4,1>It's been 5 years since I wrote my first review of Donna's Gourmet Cookies and I'm happy to report that it's just as good (if not better) than always.The Pecan Shortbread might as well be crack cocaine. I cannot stop eating it. That stuff is dangerous to have around. Sometimes I think Donna is a bit evil because what she can do with a stick of butter is nothing short of sorcery. And you may think, "maybe I'll try to replicate her recipes at home." But you cannot. It's just not as good. Plus, these items fall under the "Ignorance is Bliss" law... you just don't want to know how much butter these goodies contain. Let Donna do your dirty work.Since my review, Donna moved to a new location that now faces Montgomery. If you can't get there it shouldn't be too much of a problem since she's at a number of farmers' markets and her goods are available at a number of coffeehouses around town.I also highly recommend some of Donna's party trays for your parties and shindigs. She makes smaller versions of her cookies and more petite portions of the bar cookies that make it group-friendly.
<review# 145,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2014,6/30/2014,150,417,2,4,3>I saw this place while checking out the groomer up the parking lot, and was a bit confused by it at first. By the name, and appearance of the sign, I thought it was a bar. then I read the slogan, "Serving up great food", and I had a moment of the hmmmms... I decided that I'd try the place in the near future to see what that great food was all about. Today was that day. I went right after the lunch rush, and was seated promptly. I looked around and the kid in me almost showed herself because every shelf in that place had a different and unique cookie jar. AWESOME!!! I love places that have character and this one definitely does. After I was seated, I looked over the menu, and despite the cookie jars I had no idea they served desserts. The menu doesn't have anything that I noticed in my quick glancing about them, but from what I heard later from my awesome waitress, they have fantastic desserts ranging from cookies, pies, and other random goodies. I didn't have a lot of time, so I opted for some chicken tortilla soup, green beans and the sweet potato casserole. YUM. That soup was very tasty with a little bit of a kick, and the sweet potato casserole was sweet with a fantastic texture. It does have nuts in it though, just as a heads up. All in all the food was tasty and the service was good. I think for what I got, it was a bit pricey though. For a drink, cup of soup and two sides it was a little over $10. I will definitely go back because there are a few things on the menu I'd like to try (breakfast!!), and those desserts are definitely calling my name. On a side note, they have a huge Easter Brunch too. It sounded pretty tasty from the general blurb I read about it. I you're in the area go check it out, but don't climb up to try and empty the cookie jars. You may get thrown out before you can even purchase any cookies!
<review# 146,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2014,6/29/2014,17,51,,5,2>Arthur's is a lovely little neighborhood establishment in the heart of Hyde Park Square.  They have ample seating, a gorgeous patio area with both a lower and upper level and BURGER MADNESS!$8.99 gets you the burger of your choice (Arthur's patty, Sally patty, turkey burger or spicy black bean), cooked to order with as many of the normal everyday toppings you want.  Oh wait...they cut you off at six cheeses but I'm pretty sure your heart would cut you off at five anyway.  = )Before I forget...Arthur's kitchen is open til midnight every evening.  Score!They have a decent beer selection, wine and a full bar.  I've never been disappointed when I've been aside from the wait as this place can get realllllly crowded.  The rest of the menu has always looked delicious but I always get a burger.  I just can't help it...  In my opinion Arthur's is way better than Zip's, way better than Gordo's and even better than the other burger joint down the road which relies on neon signs and reputation to bully other burger joints around.  (I've found that particular establishment to be delicious but inconsistent.  In that I mean TTC's meat is sometimes dry with a dull peppery overtone.  I've had that experience with every trip to Gordo's which is why I won't be back a fourth time.)  So there you have it.  My opinion may not count for much but this is the BEST and my FAVORITEST burger in Cincinnati.
<review# 147,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/28/2014,6/28/2014,135,164,,3,3>I visited this nail salon for the first time on a busy Friday afternoon before Memorial Day weekend.  The place was hopping and I was a bit afraid they wouldn't have time to squeeze me in for a mani/pedi for my birthday/bridal shower/bachelorette party weekend.  Despite having no appointment they were able to fit me in within 10 minutes.       The pedicure was really nice and thorough.  They really work the gross dead callused skin off of your feet and do a great job of cuticle clean up.  The foot and leg massage was great.  During the actual nail painting, they wrap your lower legs in these steamy hot damp cloths.  They feel almost too hot at first, but it was kind of pleasant. However when they cooled down, it felt really odd and cold.  I wasn't a huge fan, but maybe others like that.  The pedicure chairs also have built in mechanical chair massage capabilities.  I definitely took advantage of that.      For the manicure, I did a french manicure shellac look.  The technician paid great attention to detail with the white tips and made sure they all looked symmetrical to my other hand.      Over all I was very impressed with this place and will be back for my wedding nails!
<review# 148,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2013,6/27/2014,45,172,2,5,2>Totally awesome dive. If you blink, you'll miss it squeezed in next to Play It Again Sports. Food? Incredible. One of the best chimis I have ever had in my life. Rice? It was different than traditional Spanish rice you find at the Tex-Mex places, and was almost a cheesy rice. Chips and salsa were off the charts. However, the chorizo tacos are like a bad vice on steroids. Insane flavor and juiciness. Maya is worth driving out of your way to get a fix. This is my new favorite Mexican in town.
<review# 149,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2014,6/26/2014,44,215,2,5,3>We did the Queen City Underground Tour on a Saturday afternoon, and it was a great experience. Our tour guide John was impeccable. (To the point that I would ask for him again.) A resident of Over-the-Rhine himself, as well as an amateur comedian, he was extremely knowledgable about the area, and delightfully personable with both us and the locals.FYI, the underground tour is actually about 50-60% above ground. You start out learning about some basic OTR history and touring a few "hidden" historical spaces that you probably didn't even realize were there. Then you go below a local church to see tombstones, and below a brewery to see the old network of tunnels.The tour is about 2.5 hrs long, all on foot, though some of the stops have benches. Also, tours depart from a little storefront between the Eagle restaurant and Holtman Donuts in OTR. It's a nice space to sign your waiver (if needed) and use the bathroom before you head out.The underground tour was our first with American Legacy, but it won't be our last. We're also planning to take future out-of-town guests, for a fun way to see and learn more about Cincinnati.Note: There seem to be Groupons for these tours with some frequency, which is a superb value. But American Legacy Tours also does their own discounts/promotions too, so check for those!
<review# 150,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2012,6/25/2014,89,278,,8,1>As mentioned in other reviews, this place will remind you a lot of a Ruby's restaurant - primarily because Tony was the former GM of the Precinct. All in all, this place deserves all 5 stars. The service was great - not only did the manager stop by to check in on us, but so did Tony. At the time of my visit they had a Surf and Turf option, that could not be outdone: an amazing 7oz filet with a 9 oz lobster tail for only $50, plus a salad, side and dessert. The food is just as good, if not better in some cases, than any Ruby restaurant, but the value is much better. The steak was prepared just as ordered and was one of the best I've had in a long time. We also ordered the calamari and cheesecake, which were top notch.The only thing that could improve is the wine list, it was a bit sparse, but they're good bourbon selection made up for the lack of an expansive wine list.
<review# 151,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2011,6/24/2014,210,324,3,6,2>you want to pay your bar tab in change?  you want to watch football? you want to walk in to a bar with a crock pot? would you like to meet papa smurf?  You can do all these things at the Bramble Patch, home to the NICEST bathrooms a dive bar will ever have.  Get a local pitcher for the cost of a craft beer anywhere else in town.
<review# 152,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2012,6/23/2014,229,539,,9,3>I am a super duper fan! Who would've thought that my favorite sushi in the whole world would be from Dayton, Ohio? Not this Hawaiian girl, that's for sure. Coming from Hawaii I have had sushi a million and 2 times and ya know what? This place can throw it down! They have an array of fabulously cool sushi making gadgetry manned by the coolest cats in town. Everything is fresh and oozing with tasty treats galore. Eggplant, cream cheese, fish eggs oh my! Now don't tell anyone but...I hate seafood. I am from Hawaii and detest it. The nice thing about this place is that you can have fabulous sushi rolls that consist of more than cucumber and rice. Steak, chicken, tofu...the possibilities are endless and fabulous to boot. This place is so wonderful that we drive a half an hour to dine here. You should too. You won't be disappointed!
<review# 153,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2014,6/22/2014,208,168,3,5,2>I had heard about this park but never bothered to check it out and of course forgot about it.  On a recent Sunday Funday with my boyfriend, we ventured here.  "How did we not know about this place sooner?!"Seriously, this park has a great view.  It has a nice grass amphitheater, playground for the kiddies, picnic tables, hoops for the basketball players, a walking path and the important facilities for, well you know.Only 4 stars because the street parking can be a challenge.  I also had to avoid a couple of landmines in the grass.  Pet parents pick up after your fur babies please.
<review# 154,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2014,6/21/2014,51,59,5,2,1>Once upon a time a young twenty-something lady met a jaded thirty-something lawyer.  Even though he found her annoyingly buoyant and she found him wearied and blasé, they were strangely attracted to each other.  On their first date, he took her to the little owl in the West Village and won her over with his impeccable taste in food, drink, and music.  The moment the instrumental version of Pet Sounds came on in the candlelit restaurant over their delicious meal, they locked eyes and smiled, knowing that this was not your ordinary dinner date.Salazar is my little owl of Cincinnati.  It's tiny and intimate, and the food is perfect.  We four girls had a night out there on Saturday and happily waited an hour and a half (we walked over to the Eagle and drank a pitcher of their OTR Iced Tea...) for a table.  We started with the chicken liver mousse, little oyster sandwich, and butternut squash agnolotti.  The little oyster sandwich is not to be missed - it's the perfect two bite sandwich with well proportioned oyster to bread to mayo ratio.  The chicken liver mousse was slightly above average.  The agnolotti was wonderfully rich and comforting.We each ordered a different main dishes and passed them around to each other.  I had a vegetable ragout.  It was a simple dish that left me satisfied and warm and fuzzy on the inside.  The braised rabbit was a table favorite and elicited several moans of pleasure throughout the meal.  The chicken thighs were somewhat bland on their own, but when eaten as recommended (with riesling soaked figs in each bite), the dish really came into its own and blossomed.  The risotto was tasty, but not very memorable.Although the portions are somewhat small, we were stuffed and dared not venture into the world of dessert for fear we would not have the stomach for a night cap (we have priorities).  As a final treat, we had the opportunity to chat with Jose for a few minutes.  What a sweet, handsome man!  He immediately won me over with his big smile and humble demeanor.  And he's from Queens ... around Flushing!  No wonder I felt at home in his restaurant ...There are just a few things I would recommend to appease people like me.  The lighting is a little bright.  The music practically non existent.  A few more vegetarian/pescetarian options would be nice.  But overall, bravo on a job well done.  Things never worked out with that lawyer guy for me anyhow.  Now, I'm happily engaged and can't wait to bring my fiance here.  And yes, Jose, we will be regulars.
<review# 155,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2014,6/20/2014,48,174,,7,1>Finally got to stop by 915 during a recent Bengals game. The place wasn't too crowded but the service was a bit slow for how few tables there were. We got 2 appetizers (Buy 1 get 1 50% off) and a couple bloody marys since that was the special drink of the day. The food and drinks were great! After reading the reviews it sounds like I need to head back on burger night to try those out!The best part is that 915 is now non-smoking while the kitchen is open! So don't let the fact that it's in smokey KY deter you any longer!
<review# 156,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2014,6/19/2014,181,524,2,6,3>I've been known to say "I've never had a sausage I didn't like." Even so, there are good sausages/hot dogs, and then there are AMAZING ones. Wurst Bar has some pretty fantastic stuff. Loved the truffle dog, the choice of different seasoning on fries, and the mac and cheese. I sampled my friend's Cincinnati chili themed dog, which was also wonderful. Plenty of good drink options.I love the coziness of the wood paneling and long bar. I did bring my 4 month old along and it wasn't the most conducive- most of the seating is at high top tables. Luckily, some kind guests scooted over so I could sit and hold her on the bench seating along the wall, but unless you can get outside, maybe not the best spot to bring a baby. We went on a Wednesday, and it did take quite a while to get seated, get orders in, get the food, and check. They were fairly busy but I was still a little surprised at how long it took to get in and out. However, it was all very good and I would definitely come back when not in a rush.
<review# 157,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2014,6/18/2014,11,49,1,5,3>LOVE this place.  OK, so let's face it, the West Side of Cincinnati is not exactly the culinary Mecca of the city.  In fact, if you want to die of heart disease, move there and only eat out as the options usually consist of Skyline, Wendy's, McD's and Taco Bell.  BUT, every now and again, you find a gem in a strip mall.  We walked in and first of all the place was SPOTLESS (passed test number one).  Even the bathrooms smelled like Clorox (makes my heart smile).  Test number two: The food.  WOW, hot, flavorful, not too much damn fish sauce...really outstanding.  The dishes were served of beautiful china and the portions were outstanding (not too big, not too small) and full of flavor.  I recommend the Thai Basil Chicken (don't ask me to write it in Thai as that would be BAD).  Anyway, it is a great little place.  I was very impressed and will be back time and time again until it starts to fade.  You can tell that the family that owns it takes a lot of pride in the place.  Hunt it down and go if you happen to be on the West Side.
<review# 158,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2014,6/17/2014,107,200,,7,2>I had never heard of this place until I purchased a Foodie Cincy deck during the Christmas season, as I am not familiar with the Glendale neighborhood. So with a $10 off of a $30 purchase in hand, we headed here for dinner. The restaurant is located in an old home, so the atmosphere is very cozy and comfortable. We had a group of 3 people - 2 of us ordered the petite filet and 1 of us ordered the  daily fish. All of us enjoyed our entrees, and the service was very attentive as well. This is definitely a place that I could see as having a lot of regulars, because of the welcoming environment and varied but familiar menu items. Price wise, this place is cheaper than a lot of other places in the Cincinnati area with similar menus. There is a good selection of seafood and meat entrees and they offer a 3 course seafood night for $25 on Sundays and Tuesdays. IMHO, an awesome deal! It is a little bit out of the way for me, but I can definitely see myself returning.
<review# 159,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2014,6/16/2014,134,226,2,4,2>The Rainbow Cafe at Children's S building is a satellite cafe of the main Children's cafeteria.  It is open weekdays (some holidays but not all).  Coffee (brewed Starbucks), bottled drinks, and grab and go sandwiches, salads, chips, and candy are available all day.  For breakfast a variety of hot items like eggs, bacon, and sandwiches are offered.  An oatmeal station is usually also available as well as fresh cut fruit.  A made to order station featuring a different item each day (omelets, breakfast tacos, pancakes, etc) is also available as well as fresh pastries from Busken.For lunch a made to order station feature a different cuisine each day, usually with a hint of an international flare (fajitas, chicken tikka masala, etc).  Pizzas and hot sandwiches are ready to grab and run and there is a sandwich and salad station that will specially salads, sandwiches, and wraps by request.  Two soups are also featured each day.The food here is consistently good.  It is usually not too hard to find healthy or vegetarian options.  The staff are super nice and helpful.  It is a bit more expensive than I would expect here- this is the reason for knocking off a star.
<review# 160,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2012,6/15/2014,58,87,3,6,2>Woodland Mound is one of my favorite Hamilton County Parks. It's situated between US52 and Beechmont Avenue, giving you multiple ways to get there. If you need to run some errands on the way, take Beechmont, but if you want a great, scenic drive, US52 is the way to go!Like so many of the county parks, Woodland Mound has amenities abound. If you want it, they probably have it.The area around the Seasongood Nature Center is amazing and serves as the park's hub. Parking here is plentiful, yet there is still a lot of green space to toss a football around or spread out a blanket. Frisbee golf is nearby, as well as numerous picnic tables and pavilions. The playground area is huge, with several different play-sets and swings. Also in the area you will find the Parky's Wetland Adventure Playground, which is our go-to splash park in the city. It's affordable and less busy than, say, Winton Woods or Sawyer Point. The snack bar (open seasonally) is right beside it. The Nature Center itself is also a nice place to stop in to learn more about the park and about local wildlife. Don't miss the displays downstairs!The trail system here is also wonderful. There are two nature trails, as well as a parcourse trail that can also be hiked. There is a great paved trail that circles the center of the park beginning near Seasongood Nature Center, too. The only downside is that there is a lot of the space on the west side of the park that is underutilized and somewhat poorly maintained. For that reason, the park-life centers itself around the Nature Center, which then gets a little too busy sometimes. It would be nice to see a bit more done for that side of the park.If you go, don't miss the tiny little strip of park that runs on the opposite site of US52 along the river. It's insanely quiet, has a boat launch to the Ohio River, and is a great place to have a picnic with a view.
<review# 161,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2014,6/14/2014,73,345,,5,2>Show me those big beautiful mussels!I didn't know that I liked mussels, but finally had the chance to try Zula last night and they were absolutely delicious.  A group of friends and I tried the Yellow Curry and it may have been the best Curry I've ever had and definitely the best mussels I've ever had.Zula provides a classy atmosphere in which we received very friendly and prompt service.Careful though, prices can come in a bit on the high side, particularly when it comes to drinks. I had one of their signature cocktails, Hemingway, which are not priced on the menu, but appeared to be $10 on my bill.
<review# 162,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2014,6/13/2014,311,349,4,7,5>Where was this place a year ago when I started night shift!?This is a night shift nurse's dream! There are so many nights that I just get off in the morning and want to smash some goetta and eggs and have a drink, but there was no where to do that! I praise you HOE!!! You're the answer to my prayers (just a little late)First the location is fantastic - near the medical centers and UC party central. The decor was mostly taken from an old school building - doors are tables, copper piping for the sinks in the bathroom, all sorts of cool stuff. There is $300 worth of pennies in the front entrance - someone had some serious patience to lay that out! There is a fireplace. Lots of different seating options. They have a cool patio and some green space which they are negotiating with Bogarts to have some outdoor concerts - awesome!The food is pretty spectacularChicken and waffles is a tasty explosion of wonderful in your mouthBread pudding french toast is dense and deliciousSkillets are a breakfast scramble of awesomeLarge slabs of crispy goettaYUM! The people are nice. $4.00 cocktails. I am SO sold.
<review# 163,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2014,6/12/2014,16,63,3,10,1>While i'm generally glad that i don't live in indiana anymore, there are still some delicious things that I miss.  Until now!  Yats in Cincinnati!  I've been to the original one in Indianapolis and this looks like a pretty close clone of it.The concept is simple and cheap.  Pick one thing or pick two.  The most you'll spend on a meal is $7.50.  You get a big plate of food over rice with some really tasty garlic bread.I had the drunken chicken because...it's so good always.  My husband and I both had the Chipotle chicken as well in our half and half.  Won't be getting that again.  It just tasted weird.  And a little overpowering on the spice.  So just stick to the actual cajun sounding food.They've only been open a few days and we visited on a terrible rainy day so it was completely dead.  So hopefully the word gets out soon and it's near campus so really, this place should be incredibly popular in no time. Cheap, spicy, tasty and filling.
<review# 164,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2014,6/11/2014,138,79,,5,2>I've recently started a mission to discover the BEST Cincinnati chili. From Skyline to Mike's Chili & Gyro's in Hamilton, I'm going to try them all.Camp Washington Chili is a storied parlor. Ask any true Cincinnatian, and while they may not have been here, they hear it's great! In fact, this was MY first visit.Some might suggest that ALL Cincinnati style chili is the same. I suppose for them all wine, cheese, tea and burgers taste the same too. The differences may be subtle, but they're there.My server was pleasant and personable. We had a couple good laughs while I was just hanging out waiting to be stood up on a cold and dreary night.I ordered a three way and two coneys with everything. The three way came lightly piled with cheese. I appreciated that they didn't overdo it like a number of other places. No offense, I want to taste my chili too, not just shredded cheddar.The chili itself was good. Not as rich as Skyline, not as spicy as Mike's Chili & Gyros. It was a great middle ground which paired well with the al-dente noodles. The cheese didn't overshadow the meal, but accentuated the chili nicely.The coney's were also good. I'm not sure what it is, but I'm not sure I prefer their chili on the hotdogs. Theirs isn't the only place I feel this way about. Something about the recipe didn't seem to shine as bright on a coney. I'd eat them again though if it came to it. And I'm sure it will at some point.I recommend a Cincinnati chili tour to anyone living in Cincinnati for even a short while. If you have only a couple days in town, the decor and personality of Camp Washington Chili sets it apart from other chili parlors, and is worth your visit. It was worth mine.
<review# 165,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2014,6/10/2014,52,101,3,6,5>Looking for authentic Mexican food in Cincinnati without the hassle of traveling 1784 miles to the border? Then I've got great news for you! Follow the yellow brick road (Madison Road) to the land of Oz (Mazunte Taqueria) and discover a place that has all the heart, brains, and confidence of a truly amazing restaurant.Just days after praising Nada here on Yelp a friend told me about this place. I've tried all the local Mexican establishments and they are all the same. Not so bueno. This place literally rises above it's competition with some of the best quality food and flavor profiles I've ever had in my life. My first visit I had three tacos and the salsa bar. Outstanding. The next day I went back and got empenadas to see if it was truly magnificent. It was. I went again the next day (today) and got tamales. Money. And now it's settled. This is the best Mexican in Cincinnati. Hands down. Highlights include the $1.50 salsa bar, black bean puree and the tastiest white Mexican rice ever, vegan options, TACOS, and the best car wash in the city right next door. I'm not sure if Obi-Juan Kenobi is using the Force on the grill or if they hired that little chihuahua from the Taco Bell commercials to give pep talks to the cooks but whatever it is, it's working. And now I'm working more so I can make more money to eat here. A vicious cycle has begun. I've finally found Oz and now there is no turning back. You should come see it for yourself, it's a beautiful thing!
<review# 166,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/18/2013,6/9/2014,20,104,2,3,2>I was sad to hear Matsuya Japanese market has closed but happy to discover this little place.  It's very small but has pretty good selection of Japanese noodles, cooking accompaniments, bottled drinks, and packaged sweet treats.  I went on a Monday and the sushi station was closed so I'll have to come back another day to try that out.  I would have liked to have seen sushi and fresh bakery goods but I guess they're leaving that to La Hiro across the street.
<review# 167,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2014,6/8/2014,100,121,2,4,2>My husband had enthused about this new kid in [Hyde Park] town that he and his bud lunched at recently, by his words, a "sushi version of Chipotle! It's genius!" So I had to check it out. I love sushi. I love Chipotle. This could be genius.Well, I liked Fusian very much. The HP location is the first one I have ever been to (quite new still to those who haven't eaten at its downtown location), and I will definitely be back again. The concept is great: when that sushi craving hits but Kroger sushi just won't suffice, but you don't feel like dropping the coin or time at a sit-down restaurant, then Fusian is a perfect compromise. The interior is modern and so chic without "trying to hard" (ie., pretty enough to meet your girlfriends for a lunch date, or casual enough to go grubbing in your sweats right before weekend grocery shopping - c'est moi). The concept is unavoidably similar to its burrito equivalent, Chipotle: you go down am assembly line, and a friendly staff member will give you the options of seaweed or tofu, brown or white rice. From there you pick your proteins (smoked salmon, tuna, shrimp tempura, crab mixture, cooked chicken if you're not feeling adventurous, etc.). What's really cool is you can have half-and-half: I picked half shrimp tempura/half tuna. You then select your choice of fillings (avocado, cream cheese, jalapeños, julienned veggies, yum!), and then toppings (sesame seeds, tempura flakes). I doled out another $1.50 for an "additional protein", the crab mixture. The portion is pretty generous - my roll sliced into about 10 pieces, which I devoured, al fresco (yep, some sidewalk seating available!), smothered in soy sauce and spicy mayo. I also like the cool cucumber water they have available  - refreshing and different. Like other reviewers have noted, Fusian isn't necessarily a cheap lunch option - it's kind of like a Chipotle, every little thing adds up and you could quickly end up in the double digits, scratching your head and wondering if you maybe should have picked a sit-down restaurant. I had the gratis cucumber water + the additional crab, and it came to about $9 (plus $1 to the tip jar, because the people working there were soooooo nice). However, for a healthier/leisurely solo meal or a fun casual lunch date, Fusian would definitely be ideal.
<review# 168,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2013,6/7/2014,39,14,2,3,1>I have been a big fan of Tres Belle Cakes for years! She makes the most amazing wedding cakes and cute baby shower cupcakes! So when she decided to move her business into a storefront I couldn't be more excited. Now you can sit and enjoy a cup of coffee with your sweets. I recently stopped in to pick up a treat on Valentine's Day for my husband. They packaged up the perfect assortment of sweets including cupcakes, a pink whoppie pie, a chocolate covered oreo, a chocolate and mint stack and my personal favorite - a red velvet doughnut with amazing butter cream icing! I also had a delightful raspberry mocha and enjoyed their free wi-fi.  This store is in the heart of the Reading Bridal District. Next time I am in town I will be stopping in for more coffee and cupcakes!
<review# 169,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2014,6/6/2014,98,53,3,4,3>This place has a little bit of everything for Korean, Chinese, Japanese, and more... And the best part is that the prices are comparable if not cheaper than jungle jims. They obviously don't have quite the selection as jungle Jims because it's a smaller store but I have to say... after living in Lexington for a couple of years this grocery store is much bigger than anything I found there. So from now on I'll go here and if i can't find it here then I'll make the 20minute drive to jungle jims.Their produce comes in every Thursday so if you go on Friday or Saturday you can get lots of well priced fresh vegetables (even stuff you can't find at jungle jims like  "sukgat" for  "maeuntang" -Korean dish). And my husbands favorite part is that we only have to drive 5minutes to get Melona ice cream bars now :P if you like melon flavored things, this is a must try!The reason why this place lost a star is because 1: you have to have a minimum of $10 worth of items to pay with a credit card... It's understandable but still so annoying. And 2: the store smells a lot. I hope they find a way to ventilate their store better. Nonetheless, because of how much more convenient this store is for me i give it a four star!
<review# 170,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2013,6/5/2014,20,199,,6,3>Ahhhh, fresh air, nature galore and complete solitude (rejuvenation!) await just a few yards from cars, restaurants and parking lots.  Bike, hike, rollerblade, or saddle up on Silver for a trip of your choosing on the trail, which for the most part runs hard against the banks of the beautiful Little Miami River.  Created in 1984, it's a culmination of national and local community efforts to convert our country's unused or abandoned railway routes into hiking and biking trails (Rails to Trails Conservancy).  I can't say enough about the natural beauty, ease of use, and cleanliness of the Loveland Bike Trail.A blessing to anyone fortunate enough to live around here and all visitors, the Loveland Bike Trail is perfectly groomed (asphalt paved, 100%), with a maximum 3-4 degree grade change per mile over almost the entire 77 mile pathway (big hill in Lebanon). The Loveland Bike Trail was the first completed portion of the continuum of the Little Miami Bike Trail, which now runs about 75 miles starting in downtown Milford, through Camp Dennison (Civil War history galore here), into Indian Hill, on into Loveland and way beyond.  Currently the Bike Trail terminates up in Springfield (just beyond another great and unarguably iconoclastic Ohio town, Yellow Springs).If you're trying to figure out the right trip for yourself or the fam, most people chew off a portion that includes some or all of the Loveland/Milford/Kings/Morrow area along the Little Miami River.  (Loveland northward up to Morrow is the prettiest and most secluded portion of this particular trip).  Restaurants in Loveland sitting right on the trail and serving great food and beverages include Paxton's, The Works, and Tano.  Lots of choices, and in each town you visit you can get refreshments pretty much at trailside.  Parking in Loveland is a breeze except on the most crowded days, but the bike trail is a gem that is worth whatever small inconvenience.
<review# 171,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2014,6/4/2014,268,128,1,6,5>I absolutely love UNIQUENESS and have found just that in Sugar n' Spice!  You can see how different it is from the outside with it's bright colors and I am being kind when  describing the main exterior color as bubble gum pink.  At least you could never drive past it accidentally!  There are some live hanging plants around the door and a huge teddy bear welcoming you right before you enter the restaurant.  A couple of things struck me right away - the fact that the ceiling was painted in one of the brightest yellows I've ever seen, how small the place was and the shelves lined with dozens, if not hundreds, of different rubber duckies - what a fun touch!  While we waited for a seat, two young boys were leaving with a rubber duckie giveaways in each hand.  Near the antique cash register was an aquarium whose neon tetras reminded me of my childhood. After reading some of the articles on the walls, I discovered that this place has been around for over 70 years and has been recognized for "best brunch" and "best breakfast".  We were invited to sit at the wraparound counter and noticed some really gorgeously photographed Cincinnati sites on one wall - seriously great photos!  Because I had read that they are known for their fluffy omelettes and whisper-thin pancakes, I opted for the Popeye Omelette filled with spinach (natch) and cheese.  Can I tell you that it was indeed the fluffiest and largest omelette I've had the pleasure of eating?  It is presented folded burrito style and was enough for two entire meals.  There were little trays sitting on the counter between customers which held sugar, salt & pepper, etc., but the cutest part is that each one held a tiny pot with a live miniature plant in it.  Never saw that before.  Even though the place seems small, they have made good use of all the space to fit 17 stools at the counter and 8 booths elsewhere.  Another thing that stood out is there were a few coat racks attached to the walls and on the wall where most of the booths were, one of the coat racks was trompe l'oeil done in not too shabby of manner, except the shadows were all wrong exhibiting more than one source of light at the same time. Look for it when you go.  Next time, I am trying the pancakes and/or the goetta.  This is a definite do-over!!!
<review# 172,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2014,6/3/2014,16,184,,5,2>Love, love, love deSha's. They have come a long way from a couple of years ago.  I used to not be a big fan- but things have changed a lot for the better (mainly in the way of food) and I now love coming here.  They have a small bar off the entry way called the Polo Bar if you want a more intimate bar experience, there is a big bar in the back if you want to watch the game or socialize a bit, many different dining rooms and a patio for the spring/summer- something for everyone!  The food is really great.  Have not ordered anything in the past 1.5 years that I haven't really enjoyed.  Menu is varied and has something for everyone- my go-to fave is the quesadilla (any of them are great), but really love the shrimp and grits or the prime rib sandwich if I'm there for dinner. Also a solid draft beer selection- rotating taps with seasonal craft brews.Service is way above par at deSha's.  Whether you are at the bar or seated in a dining area, you will have a great service experience. Have had many different servers and have never been disappointed.  I also hosted my company Christmas party  here this year, and everything went very smoothly.  Tina coordinated the event with me and Jamie was our server, everyone had a great time and I got a lot of good feedback on the event!Overall- this is an outstanding neighborhood restaurant and bar.
<review# 173,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2014,6/2/2014,36,46,,7,3>What a great hidden gem. Located in Indian Hill, Red Bird Hollow follows what was once a commuter rail line. As a result, this is a one way in, one way out hiking path rather than a loop. Just something to keep in mind if you're on a time constraint. The path and preserve are absolutely stunning. The path runs parallel to a creek setting a lovely soundtrack to a hike alternating between bubbling rapids and peaceful trickling of water. It was pretty busy the day we were there, but more often than not we had the trail to ourselves. It looks to be a pretty dog friendly path as well. There are some side trails that lead down to the creek and you can see artifacts from the trail's history. We spotted an old chimney and foundation on the far side of the creek.We hiked probably two thirds of the trail and back in about an hour and a half taking time to check out some of the side paths.
<review# 174,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2013,6/1/2014,41,208,2,8,1>dare i say it?  the best BBQ in cincinnati.  there, i said it.my father-in-law was visiting, so we made reservations to montgomery inn.  my wife and i have been many times before, and it's old hat for us.  overpriced, yet above-average.  we were skeptical when my father-in-law told us that a guy on the plane told us that big art's was better than montgomery inn.  reluctantly, we decided to honor our guest's wishes and cancel our reservations at montgomery inn.  boy, are we glad that we did.+0 for it sharing a parking lot with a gas station.  comical, actually.+1 for smelling the smoker immediately when we got our of our car.+1 for there being no wait when we showed up.  go early to avoid the line!+1 for friendly service.+1 for really, really good rolls.+1 for GREAT mini potato cakes.  you won't believe your mouth.  served with their house BBQ sauce---yum!+1 i'll say it again:  their BBQ sauce---yum!+1 for fall-off-the-bone ribs.  way better than that other place.+1 for more food than two hungry, grown men (and their wife/daughter) can eat.  we all left happy.we live 5 miles away from big art's, and have never heard of it.  you should give it a try--especially if you've never heard of it, either.
<review# 175,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2014,5/31/2014,33,90,2,3,3>I love Ault Park and have spent many days walking around enjoying every aspect of it. There are nice trails that wind through the woods, up and down hills, and by the railroad tracks. There are so many different entrances to the trails from all sides of the park that it takes some getting used to if you are not already familiar with them. At the entrance to the park on Observatory Ave there is a nice grass hill with cherry trees that bloom wonderful white and pink flowers covering the hill in the spring. This winds down and back up to the main area of the park. There the grand looking pavilion sits surrounded by beautiful gardens and grass fields. There are many areas to picnic, walk around, or just relax and lay in the grass. The flower gardens are gorgeous when they are in full bloom.There are also some wonderful views at Ault Park. At Heekin Overlook you can catch views of the corner of Lunken Airport as well as a section of the Little Miami River. Below Heekin Overlook is the beginning of one of my favorite trails at the park. The top of the pavilion is another great view. Here you enjoy sweeping views of the entire park and it just gives you the feel of being a king looking out from your palace. This is also a great place to catch a sunrise or sunset. I have witnessed many of both and it is the perfect spot for a clear of view of either. The sun rises from behind the park and sets at the front. Watching the sunset over the grand fields and gardens is a wonderful experience.Ault Park also happens to be home to my favorite drinking fountain. This may be a little odd but I just love this water fountain. It sits just to the side on the front of the pavilion and is an old fashioned bubbler where the water gracefully and gently bubbles straight up out of the top of the fountain. It is perfect for drinking from and I always make sure to take a drink from it every time I visit the park.
<review# 176,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2014,5/30/2014,29,222,,5,3>I love Alfio's! We live in the neighborhood and so enjoy having an Italian-Argentine restaurant within walking distance. The menu changes seasonally, so there's usually something new and adventurous to try.We visited most recently on the first day of their spring menu. Because my husband was one of the first to order the seasonal ravioli, Alfio stopped by to see how he liked it. It was very sweet, and you could tell Alfio is very earnest about people enjoying his food. All the wait staff are very friendly and eager to explain the menu. It's nice to experience such enthusiasm.The jaw-dropping, delicious food is why this restaurant deserves 5 stars, though. It's one of those places I feel like eating in silence to enjoy every morsel as much as it deserves. (Perhaps I'm not that much fun at dinner parties...)Oh, and a tip! Alfio's offers carry-out.
<review# 177,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2014,5/29/2014,61,75,2,4,3>This is a fairly new store in OTR and is a GREAT place to get a really nice gift for someone...or yourself!  I couldn't believe how cheap most of Libby's items are.  The space is pretty small, but every wall is covered with dresses, blouses, scarves, hats, jewelry, bags, ect and every item is really unique and affordable.  I recently bought a beautiful knitted head band and my sister absolutely loved it: warm and cute for the winter!  I'm excited to go back and see what new treasures Libby has!
<review# 178,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2014,5/27/2014,26,154,,5,1>Dropped by this pizzeria on a Friday night @6:30. It was full to the gills. They had trouble seating our party of 6, and when we did get a table, we sat last supper style... Not exactly ideal. When we got our food, we saw what all the fuss we about. The crust is light but chewy, and the pizza toppings are fresh and tasty. They've put plenty of thought into the specialty pizzas too. I definitely recommend the alla vodka (or any other with vodka sauce). I guess if I'd compare it to another pizza place, it would be Dewey's. Strong's topping combos and not as exciting as Dewey's, but the crust certainly makes up for it. Bottom Line: I'll definitely be back for what is probably the best crust in the city.
<review# 179,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2014,5/26/2014,55,250,2,7,1>My dude and I recently moved to Walnut Hills and have heard everything about this place from "Super awesome neighborhood dive bar" to "Super scary don't go there dive bar." Having lived the last several years in New Orleans, we know a thing or two (or 50) about dive bars, so we had to check it out. We ended up going here right before Trivia Night (every Monday, I think), which was a little awkward because I felt bad about taking up a table when we weren't really playing. It seems like it might be fun if you have a big group, though. Both of us got burgers. This was the only major food strike - we'd seen some great reviews of the burgers, but they were a little on the raw side for us (I tend to order mine medium, dude orders his medium-raw. His was pretty much rare-rare-rare). On the other hand, the apple crisp was delicious. And the fries that came with Dude's specialty burger were incredible. Really, really good. I don't know if they were beer battered or what, but very tasty.Brewhouse has several (but not a ton) of regional beers on draft. They also had a pretty good bottle list. Service was that appropriate dive bar/diner mix between no-frills and cozy-friendly. Also- free WiFi!I definitely think we'll check it out again, but next time I might go for the BLT or fish and chips.
<review# 180,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2014,5/25/2014,144,216,2,6,3>Having grown up in the area, I have a fondness for Milford. It's a nice little area to spend an afternoon strolling through the shops, seeing what they offer and talking to the owners/workers, if you want. Then, heading to one of the eateries. I stopped here because I saw a tip on another geolocation app to get the sea salt turtle - so delicious! It is giant ad worth every penny! I ended up buying a little bit of everything because I was going to be seeing my gramma who LOVES chocolates and she enjoyed these! I've sent my parents by to pick up a chocolates for holidays, because this is good stuff!  I spent a little time talking with the owner and even got the low-down on the condos being built by the river and other shops in the area. I would love to see this street offer something monthly similar to Final Friday, Oakley after Hours in the warmer months. As for the decor, it is its own style and doesn't seem to affect what they offer.
<review# 181,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2014,5/24/2014,51,103,,5,3>Brought a group of 30 people here yesterday and was SO impressed.  The manager, Katie, had set aside more than enough tables for us and we had a server dedicated to our group, Becca, who ran her butt off all night!  Love the indoor/outdoor feel.  Had some really good chicken tenders and fries.  Wasn't as impressed with the brisket nachos.  Try their house-made orange-pineapple vodka.  We enjoyed it so much, we are planning on joining their volleyball league this summer.
<review# 182,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2014,5/23/2014,61,86,1,6,4>HalfCut I know we've only just met and this may seem a little sudden...but I think I'm in love with you. Whew what a relief to get that off my chest! But seriously HalfCut is by far my favorite of the new additions to the OTR drinking scene.It's a concept that is so simple and yet so effective I'm not sure why we haven't been running bars like this all along. When you walk in you get in line. There's a rotating list of beers on tap. When it's your turn you can ask for suggestions or just place your order. They do single beers as well as growler fills. I went with Blank Slate's Out and About which is one of my favorite warm weather beers. They then take your order, you get your beer, and then you head to the register and pay. That's right no more attempting to make awkward eye contact with the bartender to get your order! It's genius! They even have a window where you can order to-go growlers! Seriously this place is the thing beer drinkers dreams are made of!Though the space is intimate there is some seating available. It's definitely gets crowded during peak hours. We went on a Saturday night and were able to get a spot at one of the standing tables. They also have a slew of board and card games. Seriously beer and board games...how could you not love it? Welcome to the neighborhood HalfCut! We are so very happy to have you!
<review# 183,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2014,5/22/2014,26,15,2,8,3>Holy Eyebrow Goddess!!!!Ciara is AMAZING as an eyebrow artist!!!Just went to Ciara, for the first time a month ago, for my brows.  She did an amazing job!She had my brows look 100% better/healthierI'm constantly getting compliments!!She was great about sketching out what it was she planned to do (measuring it all out), talking me through it,THEN finally proceeding with the waxing process.aAfterwards she filled in with airbrush makeup to cover up all the bumps and pinkness, and my favorite showed me how to fill in my new brows and shape them up to perfection (seeing as I have them to where they need to grow in)Couldn't be more pleased. Will definitely be back!DEFINITELY recommend her, and WELL worth the 20 minute drive to get to her and her magical skills!!!(*awesome notes she uses styleseat for all her appointment booking needs, no need to call no need to talk and deal with someone or be put on hold by a snotty receptionist type*)
<review# 184,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2013,5/21/2014,97,120,2,4,3>My mother was in town visiting this week and I decided it would be fun to take her and my three-year-old daughter to afternoon tea at the BonBonerie.  I actually wasn't even aware the BonBonerie had the cafe as I had only been to the bakery side many years ago.  We made reservations (tip: they apparently need a 24 hour reservation notice) for this past Tuesday afternoon.  When we arrived, they already had our table set and waiting for us; they had adorable, mismatched china (I hate things being matchy) with little tea spoons and linens.  Our server brought us a tea menu listing at least 30 different types of teas from which to choose.  We each had our own little cute teapot brought out with our flavor of tea.  I had the rose-infused black tea, and it was delicious, perfect for an afternoon tea party.  Then our server brought out a three-tiered tray with little finger sandwiches (including some PB &J for my daughter), scones and breads, and lastly, absolutely every type of sweet cookie, brownie, fattening/delicious treat you could imagine.  My daughter thought she was in heaven and promptly grabbed every treat and took a bite before putting it back on the tray and moving on to the next.  Even she couldn't make it through all the delicious goodness and was feeling a little queasy later in the day.Despite the anxiety that comes from anticipating a toddler's impending sugar high, my mother and I also thoroughly enjoyed ourselves; the cafe itself is very cozy and inviting and my mother declared it was going to be her new Cincy lunch hangout.  Obviously their treats were delicious, but so was their sandwiches and scones; they also included their daily quiche, which was AWESOME, and I'm not even a huge quiche fan.  We all had a great girls' afternoon, and I would highly recommend it to anyone.
<review# 185,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/21/2011,5/20/2014,35,117,,11,5>I live about 5 minutes from Chaska and drive by it at least four times a week, often more, and it took me almost half a year after they opened to finally give it a try.And I am soo happy I finally dragged myself in.I love Indian food, but Raja India (who I believe is owned by the same people as Akash down on 6th street in downtown Cincinnati) is closer and was always good enough. Additionally, the space that Chaska is in has been several Indian restaurants - none ever lasting very long. So, I was complacent and for that I am sorry.When you walk in you are greeted with the smell of curry spices and warm, red walls with black accents. On each table is a flower too.Getting to the good stuff, Chaska Grill has amazing Indian & Pakistani food. The flavor is just so much better than Raja's and I enjoy getting to see and take big bites of the ingredients (onions, peppers, chicken, paneer, etc.) I've gone back here about 3 times in the span of a week and a half it's so good. I've ordered dinner and I've had the lunch buffet - both of which were excellent. The lunch buffet food is all very mild so everyone can enjoy it. The selection at the buffet is also really diverse - another bonus. One of my new favorites is the Mixed Platter appetizer: 1 Vegetable Samosa, 1 Keema Samosa, 5 Vegetable Pakora, 2 Paneer Pakora and 2 Chicken Pakora (it's a combination of all their other appetizers.) Not only did I discover how amazing Paneer Pakora and Keema Samosa are, but I have a hard time picking between the appetizers - so why not just get them all? Problem solved.The family that owns Chaska is very friendly and really make sure that you're happy when you are there. When we were there for the lunch buffet they came over a handful of times to check up on us, refill drinks, and bring us more food.Parking is pretty easy - it's in a shopping center so there's lots of spaces to choose from. The interior every time we have been in has been spotless. There's really no reason not to go here.
<review# 186,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2013,5/19/2014,18,131,2,7,3>After trying one of Double Barrel's beers at a bar a couple of months ago and liking it, we finally made it to the brewery to check out the rest of the line up.  Double Barrel seems to be doing the least marketing of any of the local microbrew operations and yet is making some of the best tasting beers!  First tip, the place is teeny tiny and very easy to drive past.  Signage is not great; in fact I'd say it's pretty pathetic because the only sign you'll see in front of the small building advertises parking for Terry's Turf Club, which is 2 doors down.  Second tip, they do not have their own parking, so you have to park on the street, which on this stretch of Eastern isn't too hard to do.  But once you find Double Barrel and head inside, what you'll see is a tidy little operation with a small bar (5 - 6 seats) and a couple of tables to the side.  This is bare bones, people.  The people behind this brewery are clearly in it just to make beer, not to entertain you.  But, the beer is the point, right?  And everything we tried was delicious.  Right now, they've got a Belgian-style clementine beer that was very different from anything else I've tried, refreshing and tasty.  The only food available is complimentary popcorn, which they pop in-house.  A nice little touch, considering this is not the type of brewery set up to host you for an entire evening.  I'd say most people would stay for a beer or two before moving on, stop in to fill a growler, or make it one of a few stops on a brewery tour.  Double Barrel could also be a nice option for a pre-dinner drink on your way to Bella Luna or Terry's, since they're all neighbors.
<review# 187,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2014,5/18/2014,32,69,,5,3>Vitor has made this sushi hater into a sushi lover. I've never been a sushi fan because it's too gooey, the rice is too sticky and gross and the fish is too mushy. (I realize I sound like a 4 year old whining about peas or something.) But none of that is an issue a Vitor's. I mean, I was practically drooling as he kept bringing out rolls. I didn't get a taste of the Wild Mushroom Roll, but you better believe I'm heading back there soon.And then there was the french toast. OMG. Words don't do it justice. Just go eat it.+ the patio is dog friendlyBut Vitor is what makes the place so great. Not only is he an incredible chef, but you can tell he loves what he does. And he loves Westwood. And because I love his food, I am resolving to explore Westwood and the West side of town.
<review# 188,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2013,5/17/2014,68,127,3,6,4>When you think of a "hole in the wall" place this is it...and that is a good thing! Family owned and just a great place to go for breakfast and more. My wife and I stopped by last weekend for breakfast and we will be back soon. The bakery items (Donuts) are really tasty and they also have several traditional hot breakfast specials. The seating is limited inside and you should be prepared to fight a crowd of regulars on weekend mornings depending on what time you go. But don't let the crowd discourage you from stopping in! They also have a drive through where you can get a variety of tasty goodies to go.They also make cakes, pies, and much more!
<review# 189,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2014,5/16/2014,8,207,,4,2>Definitely better than any other pho in town, and that includes the Findlay Market place.  I love that it's in the north (finally decent pho here!) and we hardly noticed the MSG, meaning we weren't parched within the hour.  The Bahn Mi was delicious, and the pho was just right for me and service was awesome (they gave us a little serving of pho free of charge for baby to eat).  The restaurant is in a tucked away and sketchy part of Tylersville, but the inside is just fine.  Prices are high for Vietnamese ($30 for 2 people), but what can you expect in Cincinnati?  I'm just glad this place exists now!
<review# 190,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2014,5/15/2014,52,69,3,6,2>As far as dive bars go, Knockback Nat's is about as good as it gets. They only have one tap, but it has a rotation of good craft beers. They also have a decent selection of cans/bottles, and liquors.The real draw of Knockback's comes from a combination of the laid back atmosphere, good food, and the best popcorn in the world (I'm pretty sure sprinkle crack powder on it). Food wise, wings are the thing to get. If I remember correctly, I think they won pretty much every category at wing fest last year. The wings are smoked for hours, and are delicious plain, but even better with one of Knockback's amazing sauces. The xxx hot is one of the hottest sauces I've come across, and by far the most painful liquid I've gotten in my eye.So, an easy 5 stars here. Just don't accidentally splash wing sauce in your eye.
<review# 191,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2014,5/14/2014,69,143,,7,3>The most unique thing about IPH is the view, imo. Sitting on their patio when it's warm and sunny is a great way to unwind after a busy day. While the food and drink overall seem pretty standard (though the menu obviously strives to offer special twists on the usual salads and sandwiches), the location kicks it up a notch. I'm glad I read the reviews before coming, so I knew to order the short rib grilled cheese sandwich. They weren't skimpy on the meat at all, and I'm a huge cheese-lover so it did not disappoint. It came with fries that were good, but nothing amazing. I also think the service here is commendable, as my date didn't enjoy his turkey club that happened to be made with stale, falling-apart bread. When he let the server know, he apologized and brought us complimentary dessert -- some type of shortbread with orange creme, topped with fruit. It wasn't my favorite, but it's the thought that counts! I'd definitely return; if not specifically for the food, then for one of their drinks on tap and the gorgeous view.
<review# 192,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2013,5/12/2014,8,36,,5,3>The guys who run this place are the best. Genuinely seem to love what they're doing, always focused on making the guest experience better, always make time to stop by and say hi. I am stingy with praise for pizza crust, but Pizzelii earns my stamp of approval (and I'm not a stamp tramp :-) ). It is the perfect combination of crunchy, chewy, the occasional bubble, and exactly the right thickness. It is never doughy or soggy. You can't go wrong with the toppings. Seriously just try anything. The Cincy Goetta is one of my favorites, as is the margherita, and if it gets added to the regular menu the prosciutto, fig and arugula pizza is one of the best things I ever ate (it was a weekend special). If you eat green things the salad is great, and the beverage selection is sure to suit any taste. The caramel apple pie was unexpectedly delicious. I can't wait to see where they take this place!
<review# 193,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2012,5/11/2014,174,628,,3,2>Friendly small neighborhood shop. They are great and it's nice to have something local. These people know their stuff! They don't just talk gear, they live it. They've tried the stuff and know how it's supposed to be used. The store has a sense of intelligent humor and casual irreverence. They have a surprisingly comprehensive selection of goods and some key items you're not likely to find at the big chain stores. They are very connected to the community and engage in a number of meaningful ways. Stop in to the annex for informative talks and training. I would shop here just for what they represent and how they engage and support the community.
<review# 194,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2014,5/10/2014,15,95,2,6,3>This is a great museum and one of the things you must see when you come to Cincinnati.  You can download an app to your smartphone and listen to the audio tour while you walk through.  However, this takes a long time.  I definitely recommend listening to the audio as you look at the giant quilt on the 2nd floor.  Throughout the rest of the museum, unless you're spending the entire day there, it's quicker to read the panels next to displays.  The first floor of the tour is very interactive.  The top floor is where you will find the most museum-like area of the building.  On one end is the modern human trafficking display.  On the other is a museum that provides an overview of slavery in America from the time of the first European explorers.  This whole floor is fascinating and there is so much to see and read here that you should budget at least 2 hours of your visit to this portion.  The museum has displays set up for children, but you would need to use your discretion concerning at what age you think it's appropriate for your children to learn about all the pain, suffering, and injustice that took place in our nation.  Also, little legs and minds might get tired and bored long before you had a chance to see the majority of the displays.
<review# 195,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2014,5/9/2014,13,92,3,7,5>I think business owners in OTR might be among some of the most evolved and experienced in the country - that is to say, The Eagle is PERFECT. It answers so many OTR questions, like: how can we fit all these people that want to get drunk into a venue? A: Let's build a bar that spans two buildings and seats tons of people! How can we appeal to large groups? A: Let's have big tables and booths to one side of the bar. Everything here went like clockwork. I came with a party of 18 to OTR (yes, you read that right) which everyone knows is basically impossible. We actually managed to stay together and have a great time here, even on one of the busiest nights of the year.The historical preservationist in me also needs to comment that the facade of the two buildings was spectacularly re-engineered. Go ahead and check out the beautiful, full windows of the old Post Office building when you check out the Eagle, go ahead now. Overall, I will be here OFTEN. It will never replace my beloved Lackman, but even typing that makes me feel like it just has.
<review# 196,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2013,5/8/2014,65,133,1,7,4>If you have a hankering for a gyro with meat piled high, Chicago Gyros is the place to go. I'm a huge gyro fan and I must say, Chicago Gyros have the best gyros in town. The lunch special comes with a gyro, fries and a drink. It could easily be two meals and often is two meals for me. I suggest ordering the Greek fries with any meal you get. Fresh french fries have a bit of feta cheese and seasoning sprinkled on top while a side of Greek dressing is served with it! If you're in a rush, service is relatively fast. Just an FYI!
<review# 197,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2014,5/7/2014,65,138,5,6,5>Stopped into Meatball Kitchen last Saturday afternoon. Expected it to be packed, but we were some of the few in there. PEOPLE!! WAKE UP!! There's awesome things happening on Short Vine.... and Meatball Kitchen is one of them!I had a meatball sandwich with Béchamel and a side of their garlic onion bread pudding. My boyfriend had their meatball burger (more like 3 sliders) and ordered their seasonal veggies (beets.... weird). Anyway, those dang meatballs were so delicious. I can't wait to come back and try them on other stuff, like Pasta!They have beer and wine, which I was surprised by. Even have a draft tap (which I believe rotates, right now it's Bells Two Hearted). The staff was really friendly and helpful, and the atmosphere is great. I loved the photography on the walls. What a neat spot!
<review# 198,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2014,5/6/2014,42,118,2,5,4>Located on Monmouth in Newport, this little diner is open 24/7 and always has exactly what you're craving. Whether it's breakfast at night or a burger in the morning, they have exactly what you want. If you're sensitive to smoke, I would advise you to go somewhere else as this diner does allow smoking.. But if you're in Newport at 3am after the bars close and you're not feeling Whitecastle, go to Pepper Pod for the best eggs n' goetta around.
<review# 199,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2014,5/5/2014,125,1068,5,11,9>Okay....This place is definately a hole in a wall bar.  My husband wanted me to watch the Reds game with him and it was walking distance from home.  As we entered, at first I felt like I didn't I fit in.  The crowd was mostly old school.  Kind of reminded me of the Legion.  I didn't mind though, they were cool. To my surprise the bar was open and clean.  I did like the vintage signs and the dart boards.  What I liked most about this bar that it was dirt cheap.  My husband got a bottle of coors light and I got a Makers Mark on the rocks for only $5.75 (for both drinks) happy hour price.  We asked how much it would cost if it wasn't happy hour and they told us  .50 cents more. I couldn't believe it!! I would definately come back (selection is pretty good considering it's a small bar-domestic bottles, 3 beers on tap and well liquors).They do serve food, your typical appetizers of chicken tender, french fries, pretzel,etc...freezer food cooked in the oven for under $7.00.There is a tiny parking lot which would be hard to get in and out of and the location is on a busy road.  If you can't get parking there, street or neighborhood parking.  I was going to give it a three, but the drinks are cheap and the bartender was very attentive and nice.
<review# 200,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2014,5/4/2014,133,116,2,6,4>This place is what's up!!! It's been a long time since I've been to a place like this and most of the time they are a chore to go to because they are located in malls or shopping centers and have a chain feel as well as a chain price tag attached to them. Located on McMillan St. in Clifton Jenco Brothers' has any candy from any era that you could possibly imagine. Charlston Chews, Dots, Jelly Bellies, Buttersctoch's, etc. All of this for an insanely cheap price tag. At $2.10/pound I can satisfy my sweet tooth for weeks on end. They also have a neat little lounge in the back where candy connoisseurs can meet and talk sweets. Aside from the 100's of different types of candy is their chocolate counter. Here you can find anything from truffles, peanut butter cups, Carmel popcorns, and even chocolate covered bacon! Yeah, you heard that right. Your two favorite guilty pleasures combined at last!Jenco Bros is a solid shot of nostalgia. If you were ever sitting around and wondering "man, I haven't had (insert candy here) in forever, I wonder where I can get those", then Jenco Bros is here to save the day. Jenco Bros, you guys are my saviors! Nice job guys.
<review# 201,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2014,5/3/2014,40,63,2,6,3>I took my friend's son here for breakfast while we waited for the museum center to open. I was a bit nervous as he is 4 and it is a cafe in a bookstore. We packed a bag and talked about table manners, then walked in. Our waitress was wonderful. She brought us crayons and a children's menu as well as an I-Spy book to look at. Genius!  She brought our drinks quickly and spoke in a soft tone to him, telling him how much she loved his rain coat. He ordered mini pancakes with sausage and apple juice. It was under $5 and he loved it. It was the perfect amount. I ordered the creamer brûlée French toast. It was amazing. My dining friend even tried it and loved the sweet sophisticated taste. I also ordered a caramel latte that came out in a massive bowl loaded with whipped cream. My little friend asked if he was in Candy Land. They provided a box and bag for our food we couldn't finish. He loved the experience and was floored when I showed him the children's book section and the brio trains he could play with. This is definitely on a list to return to. There aren't many placed that are sophisticated yet kid friendly.  Thank you for such a wonderful experience!
<review# 202,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2014,5/2/2014,278,854,,6,5>Best meal I had of 2013. I waited until the new year before I made the claim, but yup, the dinner I had here with a fellow Yelp friend (shout out to Tim H.), took the prize. From course one the food was the kind that I actually slow down and enjoy every morsel. The presentation and flavor of each plate really made the night special and memorable. Each of us brought a bottle (I don't know if it is still BYO) and recommend that you at least have one glass of wine that can be paired with your meal. (Ask for a recommendation from Marie). As Beth D. aptly mentioned, dining at NuVo is an experience that I hope you get a chance to enjoy. The menu changes frequently as the master chef Mr Bodenstein flexes his culinary muscles and creates unique and sometimes off the wall dishes. I look forward to warmer weather as they might have the makings for an intimate back patio area.
<review# 203,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2013,5/1/2014,69,49,2,6,4>I've had Mexican food before but I felt like I've never really had Mexican food until a coworker introduced me to Django. We went for dinner on a Tuesday night and walking in they didn't seem too busy but later I realized that our dinner time was too early. They quickly got crowded. The atmosphere is very relaxed but super friendly, my kind of atmosphere. My coworker and I shared an appetizer dip that consisted of mushrooms, green peppers covered with melted cheese. I hate peppers but I continued eating this dip until the last bite. I can't write a book about Django so I am just going to concentrate on my two favorites: shrimp tacos and donuts. I can honestly still taste my shrimp taco even though it's been a few days. Shrimp was perfectly battered in this perfect, crunchy but not too crunchy sweet but spicy coat that just starts melting in your mouth. I typically have issues with battered shrimp because when I try to bite into it I typically just pull the shrimp out. Not at Djangos! That batter stays on the shrimp until the last bite. They are a little happy with cilantro on all of their dishes and I was really happy about that. I don't think I even realized that I like cilantro that much. I think they add some kind of magic sauce to their tacos that make you crave it and always want to go back. Now, donuts! I wasn't sure what to expect when my coworker told me she was going to order us donuts for desert. Boy was I happy when I took my first bite of this donut ball with the perfect crunch on the outside and soft goodness on the inside covered with sugar and cinnamon. I think if I just stopped here, I would've still gone to heaven but then there is this little cup filled with cocoa chocolate that you dip your donut ball in. Now I was really in heaven. As a European who grew up on real chocolate with the high amount of cocoa and also as a person who could eat cocoa by a spoonful, I just couldn't get enough of this cocoa magic. If you are expecting sweet chocolate dip, this is not it. Cocoa dip is more on a bitter side of chocolate spectrum and it doesn't give you that super sweet aftertaste you get after eating the pretend chocolate from a store. Do yourself a favor and go eat at Django Western Taco right now!
<review# 204,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2014,4/30/2014,188,104,1,10,7>When you walk or drive by the market, it's on the dingy, non-modern side. This is no hipster paradise. But don't let that stop you! This is a true diamond in the rough. It's part market, part eatery and the (Pakistani/Middle Eastern) eats here are cheap but really good! I've been here twice now, once to eat in, and once for take-out, and both ways were delicious. Each time, I've gotten a beef and a chicken roll - $3! How can you beat that price? It's wrapped in pita bread and topped with lettuce, and a couple of different sauces. I believe the beef comes with a garlic sauce and the chicken comes with a different sauce. Both can come with a green and a red sauce - some sort of hot sauce with the green being a little more spicy.The menu isn't extensive - I'd say there are probably less than 10 options to choose from, but as long as you do a good job with them, I have no qualms with that. Can't wait to come back and try the falafel and the biryani. The service is fast and polite. The older gentleman smiles as he takes your order, happy to start making your meal. The market features Middle Eastern and Indian spices, shelf-stable groceries, breads, and desserts. The prices are comparable to the other Indian grocery markets around town, and Jungle Jim's so you're getting a good deal either way. The admittedly worst part of the market is the location. It's in Corryville, right across from the Walgreens/Kroger complex. The area around it seems sketch, but as long as you keep your wits about you, and don't let the rolls distract you, you'll be fine.
<review# 205,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/24/2013,4/29/2014,142,162,3,8,5>It's high time I sing my praises to Dionysus-- Myra's Dionysus.This is quality, healthy Mediterranean home cooking (pita, falafel, hummus, baba ganoush, imam bayildi). They are capable of making almost any soup I can think of. But they only have 8 rotating soups daily (the signature Thai Pumpkin is always available). I've tried and loved the Thai Pumpkin, Spinach Coconut, and Green Pea. People rave about the baked tofu and sesame noodles, but I thought they were just OK. Don't expect perfection or "restaurant caliber." The imperfection and home-style cooking is what makes Myra's cuisine so charming and genuine. Cozy space. Feels like you are actually sitting in a home kitchen (don't bring large groups, perfect for 2). Prices are very reasonable for the amount you get (rice dishes are huge). When I walk in, I always stare at the glass case to see what desserts are available and save stomach room accordingly (or try to). They make darn good vegan desserts.
<review# 206,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2014,4/28/2014,81,187,4,7,5>Toey sensational waitress/server I give her 5 stars. She took the time to chat with us. So onto dinner. I had dinner with my sister Mishell, she even treated. We order the Thai Ice Tea... It was one of the Best Thai Ice Tea I ever had. My sister order the fried pineapple stir fried...it was good. I order the 2 piece  unagi eel sushi was AWESOME!!! I loved it so much I ordered 4 more. I also ordered the spicy tuna roll. The seaweed wrap was great. I will be bringing more people here. I ate here long time ago, I'm glad I came back. See you soon Toey ;-)
<review# 207,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2014,4/27/2014,15,78,4,5,4>Decided to play Lunch Tray roulette again today, and write and review afterward.  I'm left wondering why I go anywhere else for lunch.  For $15 at the bar, you get a 4 course lunch: soup/salad/entree/sweet + bread and butter.  It rotates weekly and you can check online for the menu ahead of time, or just risk it. Today was a mixed salad of asparagus and broccoli with balsamic, cauliflower garlic soup, Shrimp PO' Boy, and lemon bar with vanilla gelato. Yes Virginia, there is a Santa Claus, and in this case he's a Frenchman! The PO' Boy had a spicy mayo that had me mopping up the spillage with the table bread.  The salad was beautifully done and the soup was not overly garlicky....(my customers thank you!) Every course I ate I thought was the best one yet...until I got to the next one.  The Lemon bar & gelato was such a nice finish/palate cleanser. The service was terrific as usual and I was in and out in 30 mins. It was the type of lunch that made you wish you had someone else with you to witness to its pure luxury, and then recount later. Next time I'm bringing backup!
<review# 208,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2013,4/26/2014,10,68,,9,3>This is a fantastic gem in OTR. The expectation for this place was so high because I couldn't make it here although I had wanted to visit here for a long time. I was not disappointed. Well, I was amazed.I think we have some great coffee places in the city, but there is something special about Collective Espresso. I feel like the owners tried to bring a big-city espresso place atmosphere here which I love about of course. I have no knowledge on making coffee and coffee equipment. But they make every drink by hand, and they tasted great. The owners were friendly, and I absolutely love the interior. Collective Espresso will be my new go-to place for coffee whenever I'm around at the area. I can't wait try their different kinds of coffee.
<review# 209,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2014,4/25/2014,38,63,5,9,5>What can I say that hasn't already been said about their OTR location? It is the same amazing service and the same amazing food, only more intimate and with a better atmosphere.To keep this short and sweet I will make a list of the great things about this specific location:1.) The woodwork is amazing. No really. Amazing. Some of the tables are cut from single piece of wood from one tree. Character and beautiful workmanship. This place is slightly smaller than OTR, if you only count inside. Which leads me to point....2.) THE OUTSIDE. Outdoor terrace for the spring, summer, and fall. There is a copper bar where food will pass through and for seating. Outdoor tables aren't in yet, but if they are anything like inside they will be amazing. Speaking of which, don't sit in "my spot" when this summer comes around or I'll shiv you.3.) The same oven and a new oven. The new oven produces a Roma style pizza. The over as of now isn't seasoned yet. In talking to the staff they said it would result in a more conducive "to-go" pizza, as well as a new pizza experience on location.Well done on opening night to the entire staff! So glad to have you in our neighborhood. Please have an old fashioned ready for me outside.
<review# 210,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2014,4/24/2014,58,439,1,6,5>An inventive local & seasonally-focused menu, massive wine and beer lists including 3 wines direct from the barrel, and a warm and modern interior: yes folks, we have a winner! This was my pick for a recent date night dinner and from the moment we sat down and opened our menus, I was feeling pretty good about my choice. We started by sharing a flight of 3 oz pours of each of the 3 wines direct from the barrel: one from Burgundy, one from Argentina, and one from Kentucky (!), all reds. The Argentinian Cab Sav was my favorite and hubby actually loved the KY one. We also shared a order of the mushroom bruschetta as an appetizer. I like, not love, mushrooms, but this dish was incredible: a large square of bread topped with savory sauteed mushrooms, rich fontina cheese, creamy over-easy egg and topped with a handful of peppery arugula. For entrees, he settled on shrimp & grits and I chose the scallops. My sodium-loving husband called the shrimp & grits salty and they had a surprising amount of sauce which made it soupier than he preferred. My scallops were wonderful--2 large and 1 small scallops, seared on both sides and silky just-cooked-through inside. However, the side of red cabbage kraut was so overwhelmingly spiced that it overpowered the delicate scallop flavor. We also shared a "carrot buttercream lava cake" for dessert. I have to take issue with the name because it was in no-way a "lava cake"--it was instead a mini bundt carrot cake with buttercream icing in the middle. Tasty, but nothing lava about it, and fairly small for sharing. Our server was attentive and personable and service was well-paced. There's a free parking lot behind the restaurant. Menu changes 5-6 times a year to take advantage of seasonal ingredients. While there were a few less-than-flawless moments in our meal, there were enough delicious and perfect bites to definitely make it worth 4 stars and another visit.
<review# 211,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2013,4/23/2014,211,416,3,5,6>84 reviews and a solid 4 star rating. How did I miss this place for so long? Oh well, I'm glad I've discovered it now.We went for lunch on a dreary Saturday. For a place with such ample patio space, a dreary Saturday (at least in this instance) meant a completely dead restaurant. More beer for us!It was just one of those days where everything on the menu sounded good. Or maybe they just have a good menu. So we ordered and ordered and ordered some more. Everything we got was delicious, filling and a bit on the rich side. I really enjoyed my Natchez burger. I'll be back for the Oyster Po'boy which I regrettably did not try.The staff was attentive (well, we were the only ones there...) and they were super enthusiastic about the beers on tap. I was able to get a flight and try many local brews in one sitting.
<review# 212,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2014,4/22/2014,10,161,2,5,3>We used Gulliver's Movers today to move us out of a one bedroom and into a two bedroom a couple of miles away. They arrived on time, were professional and upbeat, despite rain and the 3 flights of stairs to our apartment! They took care with our furniture and belongings. I was also impressed with how they just kept moving...for four hours! I think they took one 10 minute break between moving our boxes and starting on the heavy furniture lifting and that was it. What I also appreciate is the honesty...from the very beginning, Joe had me give a pretty thorough summary of our belongings and estimated the move would take 4 hours. Other places I called didn't even ask what I had to move and stated they thought 2 hours would be sufficient to move us out and into the new apartment. I know from my last move that 2 hours would not be sufficient given the quantity of our belongings. Would you know, it took them 4.5 hours? Now that's good estimating, and it ensured that when it came time to pay there were no surprises. Also, Joe communicated with me that cash was preferred, so I had it on hand.
<review# 213,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2014,4/21/2014,17,51,,5,4>I just had my first visit to Cincinnati Cake & Candy Supplies and was really impressed.  While I dabble with cookies and sweets I decided to up my game for Valentine's Day and make amaretto-soaked chocolate covered cherries.  After doing some research I learned about the magic of invertase and how it is used to create liquid centers.  I couldn't find any at Kroger's or any local grocery store and I'm so glad I didn't.The store itself is quite small but easy to navigate since things are well organized.  I was immediately greeted by an employee and was asked if I needed help.  I browsed for a few moments just to look at the hundreds of shapes of cookie cutters and candy molds they had.  When I finally found my invertase I noticed there was also a dry powder form.  I asked Lisa about it and she answered all of my questions thoroughly.  I also had several questions about the chocolate disks they had regarding their texture, flavor and coating properties and again Lisa answered all of them.  When she discovered what I was making she printed off a recipe for me for fondant and gave additional instructions on how to prepare my cherries.  When my bill was totaled it was relatively inexpensive and I know that some of the products I bought will go a long way and last for quite a while.This was a very positive experience and I'll definitely be going back to CC&CS whenever I need candy supplies.  I'd also like to add that they offer several classes and have a website where you can order online.  This is a great local business that really cares about their customers and the quality of service they offer.
<review# 214,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2013,4/20/2014,68,235,,6,2>This is my new favorite thing, maybe.First- their happy hour goes until 9pm even on the weekends. It's $3.50 well drinks, $3 beers and 1/2 off all sushi rolls. So that's the clutch, my yelp friends. Second, the sushi rolls were really great, really fresh, and because of the 1/2 off price you can eat some of the more creative concoctions without a pinch in your wallet. A beer, a mixed drink and three rolls was about $20!
<review# 215,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2014,4/19/2014,150,417,4,6,6>If I were ever blessed with a ton of money to where I could do whatever I darn well pleased, I would probably be a glorified cat lady. But, that is not totally an accurate statement either... I would have a whole zoo of random cats, dogs, ferrets, goats, mice...etc. You name it, any animal that was in need of a home would be at my home. It would be a crazy mess... maybe I shouldn't play those lucky lotto numbers after all...So, with that being said, Animal Friends is much like the animal "house" I'd love to have if money were no object. I used to go to this location when they were in Trenton, and I really hope that people realize this place is hidden back here off Princeton Rd. It's such a great Humane Society and every time I've wandered in there I've found about 27 animals that I'd love to adopt and add to my dreamy hoarder collection in my head. (Except I'd be a good hoarder, not a gross one that was cruel to my animals..) Ok, I'm getting WAY off track...Animal Friends is a clean and nice place to find yourself a new cat or dog, and every time I've gone in it's always been a place that leaves me feeling happier when I left. Some pounds or humane societies I've been in have left me feeling even more sad for the animals that were there when I left than what I did before I entered their doors. I'm pretty confident that many of these animals find homes, and it didn't seem like they were overcrowded or sticking dogs in cages together that obviously didn't get along. They take the dogs out for walks, and go in to cuddle the cats and play with them. If you get a pet from here, you'll have a friend for life. I have always loved this place and cannot say enough good things about it.
<review# 216,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2014,4/18/2014,7,20,,5,3>Katharina's Cafe-Konditorei is a little piece of Germany in the middle of a quaint residential neighborhood in Newport, KY. It really does feel German- you can hear German being spoken by the staff and by some of the customers. The interior is nice and tastefully decorated.We stopped by for breakfast and ordered Katharina's Frühstück for 2 people. It's served on a stand that holds three plates of food, smoked salmon and scrambled eggs, fresh fruit, and variety of deli meats with some cheese. It comes with a basket of a couple of types of bread to eat with the meats. Having deli meat for breakfast is a little different, but it was nice to try the different meats with the bread and cheese. It made for a relaxing and fun type of meal.Our server was an older gentleman and he was so very nice. He made it feel like we were visitors at home. We enjoyed the experience and will definitely be going back.Katharina's is not a big place so as word gets out it might get crowded at peak times since there are not a lot of tables.
<review# 217,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2014,4/17/2014,208,168,,7,3>I'm so glad to see this place finally open.  Genet, the owner, is super sweet and makes you feel right at home when you come in.Ethiopian food is different, but in a good way.  Especially the Injera bread.  Porous and spongy, it feels funny when you're pulling it apart.  I remember the first time I tried Ethiopian, I skipped the Injera because I didn't like the texture.  I went for it this time and I'm glad I did.  The taste is unique, rich and pairs very well with the food.  The menu offers Ethiopian on one side and Indian on the other.  So you have plenty of options.  This place is in a great location and I hope it's very successful.  Stop by the next time you're in Clifton.
<review# 218,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2014,4/16/2014,103,130,2,7,3>Perhaps the BEST BURGER I'VE EVER HAD!!  I'm not kidding, the burger was absolutely amazing!!!The whole experience and all the food was phenomenal!! To start, we were not rushed into ordering anything, and when we finally started looking at the menu, the server walked us through everything. He couldn't narrow down to his favorites, and we understood why by the time we finished eating (it's impossible to pick an item that was better than any of the others).We ordered the Clam Pasta (with in-house made pasta & Pancetta on top), and the Burger, and split it.  I'm beyond words on how to describe how amazing the food was, and the amount of flavor in everything we had.  I can barely remember what was on the burger, but it was so simple, yet an elegant combination of the right stuff.A good way to describe this place is 5-star food for 3-star prices. Seriously, some of the best food I've had in a very long time, and I didn't have to pay much at all.Hat's off to our server, wish I remembered his name to give him a more personal shout out.  However, you will see me there again, and I bet it will be pretty soon!
<review# 219,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2014,4/14/2014,22,79,1,9,3>I'll admit it, I'm a bit of zoo snob. I've been to zoos all over the US including the LA Zoo, Philadelphia Zoo, and Miami Zoo. The Cincinnati Zoo is one of the best, if not the best zoo I have ever been to. The first thing that attracted me were the variety of animals. I loved how the park was laid out and everything was open, with most of the animals being separated by moats instead of cages. It also is the perfect size, not too big that you get really tired by the time you have walked through it, but not too small either. The small indoor exhibits were lots of fun as well, in fact, "The Night Hunters" exhibit was one of my favorites!I think the coolest aspect of the zoo is that they transform themselves in the winter to keep people interested. The Festival of Lights is a wonderful event that encourages people to go outside even when temperatures are less than ideal!
<review# 220,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2013,4/13/2014,64,340,1,6,4>Despite growing up in Loveland, just around the corner from the original Holtman's Donut Shop that has been open since 1960, this year was my first time having any of their delicious treats. Their new shop in Over-the-Rhine has been open for about three months and was very convenient for a weekend visit after attending church.The shop is on Vine Street in the Gateway Quarter, and aside from Taste of Belgium, is the only place to get a bite to eat in morning in this area. A large glass window displays the bakery kitchen as you walk your way back toward the counter and display cases filled with donuts.Some friends of ours that live in the neighborhood joined us on this visit and made some great recommendations. The maple bacon donut is a specialty that is not served every day, but if it is be sure to grab one of these. The combination of sweet and salty is really great and you can't complain with a little protein added to your otherwise fat-filled breakfast.The other donut I tried on this visit is now my most favorite donut ever. The blueberry cake with vanilla icing donut is outstanding and I had no idea that donuts could have this much flavor. It obviously reminded me of a blueberry muffin but with a more concentrated blueberry taste in a much denser bite. The delicious icing came piled high on, but I think I would have enjoyed the donut even without the icing.Committed to the old-fashioned way, Holtman's Donuts are created from scratch using the highest quality ingredients, and it really pays off in the end. I will absolutely be back for more soon.
<review# 221,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2014,4/12/2014,133,199,,5,4>I don't generally love Greek food, save for a few times a year I'm in the mood for it, or when I'm at the Panegyri Greek Festival. With that said, I was in the mood for Greek and it just so happened to be around the time that Remezo opened its doors in Mason.A friend/coworker and I decided to go for lunch, where we gave Saganaki (flaming Greek cheese with brandy and lemon) a try to start, and I opted for Souvlaki (basically a gyro with chicken) and she went with a Gyro--both of us having Greek fries.I was very satisfied with my meal (especially the Greek fries), and liked it about as much as I expected. Service was very friendly, too, even if I found myself empty on my drink while I was eating--my only real complaint of the meal. I was very impressed by the interior, as I've been to similar larger spaces in restaurants and felt uncomfortable by the setup and decor (or lack thereof, I guess).Any time I'm in the mood for this Mediterranean delicacy, I know where to satiate my need.
<review# 222,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2014,4/11/2014,181,524,3,6,4>My name is Angela, and I'm a food enthusiast. I have a confession: I'm generally ambivalent about Mexican food. But El Trio's salsa bar has totally rocked my world! The food is good and fresh with great portions, but it's true- that cart with about 15 salsas to taste is the bomb. So many good flavors and every salsa is distinctive! Added plus, the bean dip that comes with the standard salsa at the table is also really good. Service was really friendly and fast. Good, good, good. My husband is so glad that there's a Mexican restaurant that he can entice me with from now on!
<review# 223,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2013,4/10/2014,39,68,,6,4>I can't imagine that I have much to add here after all the hype, but Eli's was just too good for me to not leave at least a short review.My friends and I got lucky and found parking right in front of this hole-in-the-wall but I can imagine that parking may be challenging.  Absolutely loved the pulled pork sandwich, even though I come from a Carolina tradition of vinegar-based sauces (the cole slaw on top was on point thouhg).  Also, if you get the mac and cheese, do not forget to get it "dirty" because that was also delicious.  Other than that, don't forget to BYOB to really get the most out of the Eli's experience.Finally,  don't let the outdoor seating- cold weather combo intimidate you.  Eli's now has a tent set up outside over some of the picnic tables with heaters and it is perfectly warm in there.  I will definitely be back to Eli's very soon!
<review# 224,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2013,4/9/2014,60,98,,6,2>Starting with the bad because the good outweighs it, and the bad might keep potential customers away - this place is difficult to find! You can't see it or signs pointing towards it from the street, and that is a shame because this is a really nice gaming/comics shop. Basically, if you can find the BW3's on Tylersville, you can find Nostalgia Ink. Just be aware that it is on the backside of a smallish strip mall. If I lived closer, this might even be my local comic shop, but I have that covered elsewhere. That said, I do occasionally cheat on my LCS with Nostalgia Ink, when I happen to be in the area. I was recommended an interesting title based on my other comic selections, and it was spot on. I also prefer to buy my comics storage supplies here, which I feel good about, spreading the love around to two local shops. When I do go to Nostalgia Ink, I prefer to go for the games. You can actually save a little money by buying them here (as opposed to, say, Amazon), and you get the instant gratification of taking the game home with you immediately. They have a great selection, and seem to do game nights, which would interest me more if I lived close by.
<review# 225,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2013,4/8/2014,1,15,,5,3>WOW! I'm surprised no one has reviewed this amazing little stand yet! Let me begin by stating outright that I LOVE this stuff! This is cold press olive oil of the best quality infused with amazing flavors. The owner will suggest to use the oil for cooking,  I would advice against it since it is a well-known fact that heat damages the structure of extra virgin olive oil. Instead, use this to dip your freshly baked brick oven bread, drizzle over summer salads (a super healthy alternative to processed dressings) or better yet drizzle it over chicken or fish after cooking. My favorite is by far the chipotle infusion, it has a nice heat kick (without burning your mouth) alongside a subtle smokiness that just brings out the best of summer salads. Their most popular blend is the Mediterranean infusion which is also delightful, this is amazing over any pasta salad. TIP: Bring back your empty large bottles for a $2 discount on your next purchase.
<review# 226,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2012,4/7/2014,13,27,2,6,3>This place is perfect! I was slightly confused when I arrived to meet a friend, because there were three different entrances. After circling around their adorably decorated patio area (Where you can sit and be served at, I later learned!) for a good while I decided on the "Tea Room" entrance rather then the "Cafe" or "Gift Shop" entrances. The tea room is a mixture of quaint and elegant. They offer a four-course meal including soup and salad, scones, sandwiches and dessert all including tea. It sat around $20 per person. Being broke college students, my friend and I opted for just a salad and tea each. I just ordered a small garden salad served with raspberry vinaigrette and a bubble tea. Both were delicious and served on/in glass china. I felt very fancy. After finishing most of our meal our waitress gave us a taste-test of an Iced Shaken Chai Matcha Late (I believe that was the name). And let me tell you- it was one of the most delicious beverages I had ever tasted- much better than any watery blend I've received from my local Starbucks! My friend and I agreed we must have this drink with a dessert of sorts! So our lovely and polite waitress pointed us in the direction of the Cafe!Yesterday's cafe felt much more laid back than the tea room (Which I prefer. As nice as the tea room was, it made me a little nervous. Mainly because I'm naturally clumsy and my favorite meals are things I can eat with my fingers while sitting on the couch.) It had rustic brick walls and every table had a teapot up cycled into a flowerpot! Precious! While we enjoyed our fantastic Chai-matcha concoctions we shared a slice of a Green-Tea-Matcha tiramisu cake. Not only did I feel the gratification of eating a dessert that is slightly good for me (It has antioxidants, ok? Let me justify this indulgence!), it was, like everything else- DELICIOUS! I also want to add this tidbit: This place is VERY vegan/vegetarian friendly. I ordered both of my drinks with Soy milk rather than diary. And there were several meal and dessert options labeled "Vegan". Although I don't identify with being Vegan/Vegetarian, I ALWAYS appreciate those accommodations. Each of our bills ended up being around $15, which is not bad at all! I completely recommend Yesterday's tea room for a day out with the  ladies in your life, but the cafe is totally appropriate for a casual date! I cannot say enough good things about this place. I will be back!
<review# 227,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2013,4/6/2014,43,96,,9,3>I have been to many tailors and she is by far the best. Her work is fast and charges a very reasonable price. I have gone to her for simple hems to complicated suit fittings. She has done everything I have asked. Recently I had a zipper break on my favorite  jacket and she was able to replace the zipper on the spot. I do not know anywhere else you can get that kind of service. As a bonus she is nestled on court street so if you are working downtown it is very convenient.
<review# 228,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2013,4/5/2014,107,200,,3,2>I am always looking for a good bagel in Cincinnati as I feel that it's slim pickins around here. Marx Hot Bagels have been the only bagels I've had in the Cincinnati area that have really impressed me, but I drove by this place on my way to Anderson recently and it caught my eye. Of course, I promptly read its Yelp reviews and they were all glowing. On my way back to my hood, I stopped in to grab a bagel. They were closing in a few minutes but the staff was nice and accommodated me. I went for the everything bagel with lite veggie cream cheese (less than $3). The bagel was fresh, even though it was the end of the day, and the lite veggie cream cheese didn't taste "lite" at all!Big Apple Bagels is the only place in Cincinnati I have thus far seen with the cream cheese set up like the delis in NYC. Not sure if there is a technical word or name for it, but the cream cheese is in a display case similar to an ice cream shop and there are huge, cream cheese filled containers inside. The cream cheese is "scooped" similarly to ice cream as well. Does this make a different in how the cream cheese tastes? I have no idea, but it reminds me of a place I love so I'll take it!
<review# 229,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2014,4/4/2014,311,349,2,7,4>Can't stop... won't stop... I'm in love!What a great addition to the area. The old Boca space has been updated and looks beautiful. Everything is fresh and made in house which is really unusual. The food is simply amazing. I mean really... we tried a lot of different things and nothing was disappointing. They also do great specialty cocktails - just be careful!Fresh mozarellaCharcuterie boardCheese boardGnocchiPork belly steamed bunsThe Burger (omg the burger...)FriesGrits (OMG THE GRITS.... seriously the best grits I've ever tasted... sinful)I seriously don't think you can go wrong. I suggest ordering a lot of small plates and sharing with a group so you can try everything or just keep going back. I hear awesome things about their brunch as well, but can't speak from experience.The owners are extremely friendly and welcoming. The servers and bartenders are on top of their game. I would never guess this is a new restaurant - I didn't see any kinks that needed to be worked out - then again I sat at the bar so I'm not sure how the dining room flows. I will definitely be back to try more delicious food and cocktails :-)
<review# 230,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2014,4/3/2014,134,226,4,10,5>Oh wow, the food here is awesome!Yats is new to the medical center area and I am so glad it is here.  Yats offers delicious Cajun/ Creole meals for really reasonable prices (6 or 7 bucks a plate- and it's plenty for 2).  I had a delicious chicken dish with caramelized onions, and roasted red peppers (it had a French name) over rice- I was instantly hooked.  The spice was spot on.    The menu items are probably not the healthiest ever here, but they are super satisfying especially if you are craving comfort food.  Service was excellent  and the building itself is beautiful.  Welcome Yats!  I am sure we will become good friends!
<review# 231,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2014,4/2/2014,73,345,2,6,3>This hollowed-out Taco Bell has been a thing or two since.  Ena's is easily my favorite reincarnation.Apparently this is a Jamaican style eatery out of the Columbus area that really knows how to push the sled.  I love the setup here.  Ena's has made it easy for anyone who hasn't tried it before, to make their first foray into the world of delicious Jerk BBQ.  And for those who have it's a nice return to a cooking style that you just don't come across very often.  I loved the Jerk chicken I had here, but if you aren't into birds it's not your only option.  There's even tofu for the vegetarians.Jamaica doesn't stop at the Jerk though, there are some great side items, like fried plantains, as well as sodas that you would normally only find in the Caribbean...or at Jungle Jim's.Additionally, Ena's will cater.  I think I've got a plan brewing for this year's Inland Hurricane!
<review# 232,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2014,4/1/2014,38,129,2,5,3>I absolutely LOVE a good cheeseburger. I can't help it, but they are my weakness, my kryptonite, that one thing that always brings me to my knees. My husband and I came here for dinner on a Tuesday night and found that the place was busy, but not overly crowded and the service never lacked once. We both ordered burgers off the menu, he got the black and blue burger and I got the cheeseburger sliders. The sliders actually surprised me. When you go to a place like Drakes, you automatically assume that the food is going to be a frozen mess that is thrown into a deep fryer and barely drained before being slopped onto a plate that sits under a heating lap until a waitress remembers to bring it to you. But let me tell you- I did not experience that here. My sliders were actually fresh! Yes- fresh meat that was shaped by hand, grilled and topped with cheese that was melted. My sliders were actually pretty amazing. And the beer selection was absolutely incredible. Very surprised to see a bar with that many craft beer choices in Florence, or as I have recently referred to it: Chainlandia. We often avoid Florence like the black plauge in order to keep from eating at Applebee's, Chili's, etc. But Drakes is a place that I can see myself stopping in for dinner again, if I'm in the area.
<review# 233,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2014,3/30/2014,20,104,,7,2>My new favorite restaurant!!  I'm officially obsessed with Malaysian food and now must plan a trip to Malaysia!!I had delicious Hainanese chicken rice on a recent trip to a faraway night market and returned to Cincinnati determined to find the same dish here.  I'm so glad I discovered this place.  Came here for lunch to the Tioman Cafe section of Straits of Malacca.  Was greeted by a super friendly guy, Peter, who gave us the run down and talked us through the photo menu on the wall.  I knew I wanted the Hainanese chicken rice but we also ordered a few more dishes based on his recommendations.The beef in the Nasi Lemak was mind blowingly flavorful and paired perfectly with the fragrant coconut rice.  The Char Kueh Teow was a delicious noodle dish, not swimming in grease like most other Asian restaurants serve.  The noodles were perfectly cooked and flavorful, shrimp were huge, and every bite was light and delicious.  It reminded me of Thai Pad SeeEw but this was better!  The Hainanese chicken rice also hit the spot.  I got the Roti canai and it was probably the best thing I ever ate!!  I can put away many shares of Indian naan but something about the Roti here was so fresh, flavorful, and heavenly that I'm craving it nonstop.  You must order this!  For dessert I had the mango sago which was the perfect finish to this meal.  It had mango chunks, tapioca sago, and a sweet icy base.  I was mind blown by how much I enjoyed every dish, so light and fresh!  The service was top notch and I enjoyed looking at the brochure photos of Malaysia and it's beautiful beaches and scuba diving.  I will most certainly be back, and often.  I can't wait to come here for dinner, and also to return for lunch and stuff lots more roti into my salivating mouth!  You don't know what you've been missing until you come here and give Malaysian food a try.  Ask for recommendations if you're not sure what to order.  Everything I ate was 5-star worthy!!  Even the leftovers cold out of the fridge were fantastic!
<review# 234,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/23/2013,3/29/2014,27,172,,7,3>I'm a ToB fangirl.  A recent dinner at the new Short Vine location made it a three-waffle-week.  There, I admitted it.  Whew, what a relief, having that off my chest.  What is it they say about admitting the problem?  Cincinnati does food, and the ToB waffle will soon be thrown in the care packages of canned Skyline and Montgomery Inn sauce that get shipped over the world.Of course I'm going to consider all things at the SV location relative to the OTR shop.  Obviously they are similar-when one does things right, there's not much inertia to change.  So, some of the differences, if you're trying to choose between the two:  SV has more room, MUCH more room-inside there are two dining areas, the bar, and outdoor space that will be great when it warms up.  Have a group of 8?  No worries, they can accommodate you here.  The front windows of the place are the equivalent of firehouse doors which let in a ton of light, and will also open in the summer.  All without feeling like you're always in the way or squeezing between people to make your way to the restroom.  It's clear that the SV location is branded for its location-a block from a college campus.  The menu is approachable with the same items (I feel like the menu has all of the OTR items+more), but with different, very American names::read::approachable for college kids and their parents.  They offer weekend brunch and great international beers, but also some standards.  Every Thursday they tap something new, and you get to take home a glass.They have a projector projecting on the wall on one side of the room-I'm guessing this comes in handy on game day,  (It certainly has the potential to be your pre/post game stop.) and gives it just the slight sports bar feel.Our server, Will, was very attentive, clearly well versed in the menu, prepared to assist in decision making and answer questions, as has been my experience in OTR.What you'll miss at the SV location is the bakery case.  The menu includes a listing of crepes and dessert waffles-waffogato is genius, seasonal waffles are brilliant.  They do have take-home packages of waffles for sale.And the waffles, don't forget the waffles.  But, even if the waffles aren't your thing (for shame!), you can still find solid menu items (pretzel & cheese, burger, grilled chicken, steak) that are prepared with the same intentional pairing and care as the mussels and waffle 'n chicken.  There are no second-rate items here.Parking is available on the street, or the lot/deck directly around the corner (entrance off University Ave),The only downfall I can see is that the city's busiest firehouse is across the street. But hey, a 5-alarm shot is offered every time the sirens go off...So, for nearly the same great food experience without the wait,(slight) pretension, and more elbow room, venture up Vine.  I could also see it being a great place for business lunches that happen daily throughout Corryville/CUF/Clifton.  It's just going to take people realizing that Short Vine is becoming an option (again).
<review# 235,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/12/2013,3/28/2014,52,101,8,7,7>In honor of one of the best Cincinnati-style chili parlors in the land, I present to you (5-way)s this place is better than its competition!1. The chili here is spot-on perfection. In the battle to make a consistent, thick, flavorful chili, Camp Washington Chili easily stands out as a front runner. Unlike Gold Star (which is the RC Cola of Cincinnati chili), the chili here is always money!2. They are open 24 hours a day, 6 days a week (closed on Sundays). So whether you are drunk at 2 AM leaving a bar on the hunt for grub, drunk at 7 AM after working the third shift at the Boston Beer Company (we know you guys get hammered during your shifts!), or not drunk on Sunday but love a local company that respects the Sabbath, then this restaurant is for you!3. Camp Washington Chili has been in this area for 70 years and was built around the once vibrant meat-packing industry of Cincinnati. Nowadays, people in the area are more likely packing heat than meat but honestly that is kind of refreshing. Call me old school but with all the recent renovations to the once menacing areas of town such as OTR, it's nice to still dine in the Queen City under a slight duress.4. CBS News once named Camp Washington Chili the best chili in the nation! That's right, in the whole country! So Texas, you can go back to the drawing board because everything you're doing there from football to chili just isn't working. Yep, I said it.5. In addition to bombass award-winning chili they serve breakfast and double decker sandwiches. Which means if I want french toast, a 4-way, and a tuna salad & tuna salad sandwich for dinner, then that's my American, God-given right! Thanks George W. Bush for spreading freedom and protecting my right to eat whatever I want! However, you may want to do something about your home state's chili situation, it's kind of lacking : /
<review# 236,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/1/2013,3/27/2014,20,199,1,8,5>Independent restaurant and somewhat pricey, but stellar yet relaxed service and a creative, fresh menu makes it worth the extra dime.  Met a former colleague for lunch and we both agreed that the place is a winner.  Why 5 stars?  Beautiful yet easygoing environ, good ambiance, great pace of service, outstanding food options.  We both had sautéed walleye and salads.  Creativity in their menu; great breads for munching prior to the main course.Food was good enough to be memorable a month later.  Will definitely return for dinner sometime soon!  Cant rave enough about this place, and defy you to find a better restaurant in Glendale, which is filled with plenty of solid choices.  Full bar, wonderful cuisine and we'll be visiting you guys again very soon.
<review# 237,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2014,3/26/2014,61,75,,6,4>This is the most underground bar in Cincinnati I know of (EW, I hate ending a sentence with a preposition, but I'll move on).  A friend and I went last night to see another friend perform at a poetry reading.  We drove down a super desolate, sketchy street wondering if we were in the right place.  Thank God our friend was outside of the bar or we would have turned around for sure.  The surrounding area looked completely deserted.  A few people were waiting outside because the bar doesn't open until 9PM every day!  The owner, Jerome I think, opened up the door and personally greeted all of us in his thick, New York accent.  We walked in to a bar like no other.  There is art covering the walls, most of which is made by the owner and his siblings.  He is primarily an artist, but started running the bar for extra cash 2 years ago.  Jerome proceeded to open shop while chatting with us; he was so friendly the entire night.  The scene is definitely hipster; music isn't too loud so you can actually have a conversation.  My friend and I talked about how this place would be great for late night studying over a drink because it's so chill.  What a find!
<review# 238,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2014,3/25/2014,47,105,2,3,2>This place IS-A-TREAT!  It's a bit off the beaten path, but every bit WORTH IT!  Trust me, come on out to the yonder and try this place!  The owner, employees and even customers make you feel at home!They are located in a small little town east of Cincy right outside Milford,  for you City Slickers.  Easy directions, with pretty much one turn off HWY 28.  When you get close, you can't miss it, really, you can't.   Nothing but fields or darkness depending on your time of travel.  But no matter what you will have a great time.My wife and I was there a night(Saturday) when they had some Blue Grass.  And man, oh, man was it great.  What I loved was the volume.  Now, we aren't old folks, but we like to talk through out the night, and we sure could here.  It was just the right volume to not blow you out and be hoarse the next morning.While they don't have wine, they do have a ample beer selection, with a couple ciders.  The food is FANTASTIC, and they are known for their grilled cheese.  I know, I know.  You guys want the review of the gooey grilled cheese.  Well, I had a Salad, I know, I know and the wife had a panini, which was GREAT!  the Hummus was out of this world.The only kicker for this place is,  location.  But I tell you what, if you lead a horse to water you can make him drink, right?  or maybe it goes something like that! HA  On a serious note, get out to Plainville and try it, you might........well, you WILL like it!
<review# 239,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2014,3/24/2014,16,184,,6,4>The Cincy tennis community is SO LUCKY to have this store!  Has everything a tennis player would ever need at pretty reasonable prices.  Racquets, clothes, shoes, grips, on-site stringing, tennis bags, you name it.  And  they are ALWAYS having sales on shoes and apparel which is great since some of the nice Adidas and Nike stuff can be crazy expensive.  You'll also see at the counter some one-time discounts (usually 5%) if you show them you checked in on Facebook or followed them on Pinterest, etc.They have a demo racquet selection for $1 per day if you want to try one out before buying- great especially if you are thinking of buying an expensive racquet but want to make sure it's right for you.  I just bought a new racquet here last week and the guy working helped me pick out a good string and was very helpful and knowledgeable, as were the other ladies working that day.  The crew is very young but (as far as I know) most are tennis players and can make good recommendations based on your game. They're also speedy - got 2 racquets strung in less than 1/2 hour.  Can't beat Midwest Sports for the selection, price or service.
<review# 240,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2013,3/23/2014,19,168,2,4,4>More than a grocery store. Jungle Jim's is a culinary experience around the world. For those of you who are familiar with Trader Joe's and Whole Foods think that, only on steroids, and more ethnic choices than I have seen in one store. No matter what country you are looking at, Jim's selection blows that of Kroger our of the water. This is not a quick trip in and out. Jungle Jim's is ment to be savored, much like a fine wine. They take patrons on a culinary adventure. Their are interactive displays peppered around the store to entertain both kids and adults a like.  The selection of cheeses, sauces, and seasonings boggles the mind. My favorite is the honey. They have an entire aisle of honey!  Another amazing thing about Jungle Jim's is that they have an adjoining event center. Yes! An adjoining event center, where they hold culinary inspired events throughout the year.Jungle Jim's is a foodies paradise!
<review# 241,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2014,3/22/2014,67,64,,5,4>If you live in Cincinnati and haven't been here yet then you are making a mistake. For many people I think Music Hall is one of those places that you always want to go to and never do because you tell yourself that you'll go later. Well now, don't wait any longer.I have been here for Opera, the Symphony, ballet, and the Pops. Every time I go it is amazing and I am never disappointed. The architecture itself is beautiful and worth the visit. But for a city it's size Cincinnati has an unusually talented group of musicians and performers. You can park on the street or in the Washington street garage, grab dinner/drinks in the multitude of new restaurants bars in OTR and then go to Music Hall. Don't delay, because next thing you know you will be moving somewhere else and will never have gone to see this gem.
<review# 242,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2013,3/21/2014,1,58,2,4,3>We had dinner here on a recent Saturday night. The place was hopping with people when we arrived at 6:15 for a 6:30 reservation. We were immediately seated. The attention from the staff was very good. I did mention that we were not in a hurry. It seemed like our food came very quickly. I would have liked the pace to be moderated slightly. I understand they have a lot of customers that are rushing off to shows. Did I mention that I told the staff we were not in a hurry? We do not get out much and Nana was with the kids. I had the oyster and celery root soup. It was excellent. I made sure that there was not a drop left in the bowl. Amy had the Chickpea dish and I had the Bison Burger. Both of the main courses were tasty. I will say I was frustrated that the woman (not our waiter) who took our order did not mention to me that the burger came with fries when I ordered a bake potato as well. My bad for not looking closer at the menu, but at this type of restaurant I would have thought it would be mentioned. I took the potato home. Amy had the brussel sprouts. They were very good.  I would say they did a nice job on the food. Regarding the wine I will say they had an excellent list with some unique options I had not seen in this area. The Brown Estate Chaos Theory was excellent. Watch out is that the wine was pricey and there were not many reasonable priced options in the red wine section. Overall I thought our experience was good, but I was slightly disappointed when I compare it to our two visits to Proof in Louisville. FYI - they are owned by the same group and the chef at Metropole came from Proof.
<review# 243,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2014,3/20/2014,8,54,3,6,3>Recently discovered this small spot.  All I can remember is they put so much meat on my gyro.  I mean, I walk up to the register and I'm like, "$8 for a gyro, alright, I'm sure its good."  They take me up to add my toppings to my gyro.  The gyro maker's eyes and mine lock as I start to give this "I don't know what goes on a gyro" look.  I succumb to my lack of knowledge and say I don't know what I'm doing.  The gyro maker makes some suggestions on what to put on and I take every one of them.  And then my gyro gets to the grill where they have been grilling my meat the whole time my toppings have been put on.  They pile it all on and I'm surprised the guro can still be folded.The gyro was great and quite filling for lunch.  $8 seemed expensive for a lunch, but for the amount of food they give you, its quite worth it.  The place is small, so it may be a toss up on if there is room for you to sit.
<review# 244,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2013,3/19/2014,78,67,3,6,5>Mmm yum!First off I LOVE the venue. The atmosphere fits the decoration and layout of the restaurant. Romantic, intimate, but can be a casual gathering, but not stuffy feel.One thing I was disappointed about was that they were out of the Veal Osso Bucco. Dang! Oh well, I got to show up earlier next time.Instead we ordered Trouvie and added Prosciutto Rosso to it, and also the Quattro Formaggi and added Prosciutto di Parma. We also ordered an appetizer, but I couldn't tell you what it was called for the life of me. It was the special that day. It reminded me of a pate but with pulled pork texture. Probably not the most appetizing description, but it was awesome. Note that the plates are probably smaller then what most people expect. I love the size you receive. Definitely one of the most authentic Italian places I've visited so far in Cincinnati.  We initially came on Italia Week where Italian restaurants had a 3 course meal deal. When I asked for it they said they already ended it, even though the deal said till Sunday and it was Sat. Guess it was up to the restaurant. Will definitely be back.
<review# 245,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2013,3/18/2014,203,46,6,11,7>5 stars by default because they happened to have a dish combining two of my favorite things to eat - filet mignon and polenta (see photo). Creamy, goat cheese polenta. I was beginning to think Daytonians didn't know this side dish underdog existed.  My +1 ordered the asiago crusted chicken. Coming from the most difficult diner I know, it's a true compliment when he says it's one of the "tastiest" dishes he's had in a while. And for goodness sake, order the truffle fries to snack on while waiting for your entree. I will return... repeatedly until I've tried everything on the menu.
<review# 246,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/2/2013,3/17/2014,33,72,2,9,2>I noticed Sushi Samurais during my lunch break, and decided to give it a try.  A staff member, who was standing outside, pleasantly greeted me. He asked me what type of roll I would like to sample, and I picked the California roll. I took a small bite of the avocado, cucumber and crab delight. And, yep, it was a light and tasty one. I was planning to lunch there anyway, so I found a seat by the window. I ordered my usual favorite: the spicy tuna. It arrived fairly quickly, and I enjoyed the freshly wrapped tuna drizzled with spicy mayo. Before I finished eating, the waitress offered me some more iced water. I wanted to try more sushi, so I asked about several sushi options listed in the menu. Plus, a sushi lunch deal--half off! Sounds like a good time for sampling  sushi. I settled on the "heaven roll": baby shrimp, jalapeno, avocado topped with spicy salmon, spicy mayo, and eel sauce. Although the rolls were presented beautifully  with cute carrot decorations, I found that the two sauces overwhelmed the overall taste.  I enjoyed their customer service; everyone there was very sweet and courteous. I would rate their service as a 5/5.
<review# 247,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2014,3/16/2014,213,90,4,7,5>I've heard such great reviews about Sotto and have been dying to try it myself!  Finally I did.. and I think I'm addicted!First and foremost, please please please make a reservation!  The restaurant is extremely busy and if you come on a Friday night, the wait will likely exceed an hour.The place is dimly lit with candlelight and is absolutely perfect for a date.  To start, my boyfriend and I had the goat cheese and hazlenut honey bruschetta ($7).  This was a great dish and a great way to start the meal.  For our main entrees, I had the Short Rib Cappellacci ($16) and my boyfriend had the Lumache All'amatriciana ($16). Both dishes were to die for!  I love how Sotto takes a simple pasta but really elevates the flavors with their ingredients.  I also appreciated that Sotto is able to deliver great pasta without serving you a huge plate of grease and two hours of food coma after!  Double bonus points there.  But wait, our meal was not over yet.  We ended with their Ricotta Doughnuts that is served with three sauces - pistachio, caramel, and chocolate ($6).  This was sooooooo delicious!  It came to our plate still steaming with heat from the oven.  Absolutely amazing!  Overall a wonderful experience, will definitely be coming back!
<review# 248,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/24/2013,3/15/2014,144,216,,7,3>A coworker gave a portion of a cranberry bar from inspired Kind and I was smitten! Then, she told me it is from her sister's bakery. Next time I passed by, I stopped and got the cranberry bar plus a blondie that another customer talked me into. Both were delicious and kept for several days (I cut each into several portions in an exercise of willpower). I didn't try the cookies, but later a fried suggested so go back. This place is on my list for the next time I need to pick up a great for someone!
<review# 249,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2013,3/14/2014,41,314,1,7,6>I like this Remke better than the nearby Kroger. Firstly, it's often less crowded. Secondly, they have a full olive bar for my wife. Thirdly, they have a good cheese selection. And finally (and most importantly), they have a great craft beer and wine selection. They recently remodeled their wine/beer department. They have lots of craft beers, and draft selections. You can take home a growler. They also have a nice seating area there for wine/beer tastings. It's worth going here just for the better wine/beer selection, in my humble opinion. But perhaps that says more about my shopping list than it does about the store... :)
<review# 250,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2014,3/13/2014,172,177,3,12,4>There is nothing like hibachi grilling a foot away from you to get you through hump day. This location is perfect, next to Sotto and Nada but offers something different- the chef cooking in front of you and you eating as soon as he finishes.The decor is a but lackluster and it was a little empty but the food was so fresh. The chef, Jerry? Who is hilarious, starts with fried rice (probably the best part) and then makes your meat/ veggies as desired. You can basically order any meat combo for $20-$25 or something else off the rest of the menu. This is perfect for groups and awesome because you really don't have to wait in agony for your food when you're with a lot of people with a lot of orders.Personal faves include the fried rice and steak. Honestly, the chicken was a little too tough but the calamari and scallops are perfect with the soy seasoning.Would recommend for groups on any evening!
<review# 251,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2013,3/12/2014,15,103,1,10,4>We had a church activity in the vicinity Sunday afternoon and wanted dinner afterwards. Most of the good non-chain restaurants are closed Sunday, happily in this case, as it resulted in our long overdue return to Phoenician Taverna.The experience was great from start to finish. We were the first customers in at 5:00 and were warmly greeted by the owner, who seated us and brought menus and wine/beer list. You can get a Lebanese beer or wine if you really want to enhance the experience, but standard American fine dining choices are available too.Server came promptly and attended us throughout in a refreshingly professional manner. At least four additional parties arrived not long after but that did not slow down either the waiter or the owner, who stopped by several times to make recommendations, answer questions, and even give us a tip on how to get the most absorbency out of the heavenly pita bread when dipping it into the accompanying exotically seasoned EVOO, a Middle East version of pinziminio. I believe it was called Zata. Don't miss out on this bread and oil, which is replenished generously as needed. It is a fantastic start to a phenomenal meal.I really wanted to try a "mezza" meal this time (sharing of multiple appetizers) but my husband had his eye on the rotisserie half chicken (literally... You can see the juicy marinated birds turning on the spit in the open kitchen) and I wanted lamb shish kabob, so we each got an entree plus we split a bowl of the lentil Swiss chard soup. This is the only soup available and its quite good; it was the waiter's suggestion to split one order into two bowls for us, and I'm glad we did so as to have just enough to whet the appetite. Remember, those hot fresh from the oven pita loaves were fast disappearing too.The chicken was absolutely some of the best we've ever eaten, moist and flavorful throughout. And at $10 including French Fries it is an amazing deal. Could easily be a shared entree. The French fries which are lightly seasoned are accompanied with the GARLIC WHIP.  Now for a bit more on the GARLIC WHIP.  Our waiter knew we'd be sharing our entrees across the table so he kindly brought a double helping of garlic whip. We enjoyed it on the fries, the chicken, AND the lamb. I think I dipped some pita into it too. I would return here solely for this condiment from the angels, though of course we are returning for a little of everything.The lamb shish kabob was cooked to order and was delicious. Everything from start to finish was excellent, speaking of finishes I tried to resist, but we learned of a new item on the dessert menu...Egyptian bread pudding. We went for it and scraped the bowl.  A generous shareable dessert. Read my tip for more.I can't find any negatives. This is a five star fine dining experience.  Bookmark this one and get yourself here!  And don't forget to try the garlic whip!!
<review# 252,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/26/2013,3/11/2014,61,86,4,4,5>Popcorn and a PBR tall boy...'nuff said! I pretty much adore Knockback Nat's. So many of the bars downtown are on the upscale side of things. Knockback Nat's is simply a nice divey bar with cheap drinks and free popcorn (what more do you really need?).I work downtown and often find myself at Kockback Nat's for after work drinks with friends. The chill atmosphere and friendly bartenders are ideal after a long day of work. The entire bar smells like popcorn too which yanno...is AWESOME! I often am meeting people downtown and due to my fear of being late I find myself arriving well before my guest. The bartenders are always so friendly. I've had several great conversations with them and they are always very helpful and attentive. If you purchase a "Tall Boy" you even get a souvenir beer coozie! It's a nice little bar with great deals and atmosphere. If you find yourself downtown and you don't feel like spending a small fortune Knockback Nat's is a great option!
<review# 253,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2014,3/5/2014,94,140,8,11,6>I consider myself to be quite the fried chicken connoisseur and The Eagle blew my mind!  Let's start with the most important part:FOOD: their fried chicken is out of this world!  The waitress explained how they prepare it and, although I can't remember the details, I'm pretty sure it involved angels.  At least it tastes like it!  The chicken is served 1/4 (perfect for an individual), 1/2 (for a couple) and whole (for a group).  Their macaroni and cheese is also delicious and my favorite side yet.  I also tried the spoonbread and french fries, both were great.  Their grilled cheese is super good!  It has 3 delicious cheeses, granny smith apples, and apricot preserves.  DRINKS: they boast an impressive selection of beer and a few specialty cocktails.  I have tried the Fade to Black and The Mule.  Both were good but I was especially impressed by The Mule.  One of my favorite things is that they have Abita Root Beer on draft.  It is soooo good and a perfect non-alcoholic option.SERVICE: I have been beyond impressed by the service here.  Even on their second night open the staff was professional, knowledgeable, and fast.  They do often have a long wait on busy nights but it is totally worth it.  They will take down your number and let you know when your table is ready.  The perfect excuse to bar hop!  Your food will be out before you know it, that's how fast they are.VALUE:  this place is dirt cheap!  I seriously don't know how they can afford to have their prices so low.  We are always pleasantly surprised when we get the bill.  This is a great place to go on a budget but it definitely won't feel like it.SPACE: this is one of the larger spaces in OTR and boasts plenty of seating options for both small and large groups.  They do have some community seating but this has never been an issue for us.  In the middle of the space is a large bar, staffed with friendly bartenders.Overall, this is one of the best restaurants in OTR.  They have perfected fried chicken and many other comfort foods.  Fly on over to The Eagle right now.  Caw-caw! (is that the sound an eagle makes?)
<review# 254,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/16/2013,3/4/2014,69,143,3,6,3>Being a woman and all, I'm often wary of taking my car to any auto repair shop, for fear of being ripped off as I absentmindedly bat my eyes and twirl my hair. This time was no different. Fortunately, I remembered taking my car to University Auto a little over a year ago for a water pump replacement. It was not a cheap job, and after calling upwards of 10 places in the area I found this one to be the most reasonably-priced. The great thing about UA is that it's a small business, so you're not wondering who you last talked to or having to book an appointment. Also, the owner is really friendly and took the time to explain the fact that I'd need my brake pad and rotor replaced, showed me what a rotor and brake pad WAS on my own car, and talked to my very skeptical dad on the phone about it for I don't know how long. He also fixed my loose bumper and did an oil change for me. The only two things I'm still unsure of are: whether I truly needed my rotor replaced, or just rotated, which would've cost far less; and why he said it would be $289 (was that with or without tax? damn this undiagnosed ADD) but it ended up being $344. These are things I could've confirmed, had I not just wanted my car back ASAP...nevertheless, I was satisfied with the friendly and fast service, and will probably come back again.
<review# 255,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2013,3/3/2014,268,128,5,11,3>I originally went here because of a groupon for laser hair removal, then stayed because of the differences there vs other hair removal places.  Okay, first of all don't imagine that I am sasquatch's female cousin - truly I have a normal amount of hair, but just want to have less of it.  They have some newer, easier laser that has a small jet of cool air that comes out at the same time the laser is activated which acts as a soothing distraction for me.  The other noticeable factor was the part that touches your skin is larger in surface area and a different shape so they can treat larger areas than the ones I've tried before, which means quicker, too. Being of asian descent, it is nice to know that they also have a yag laser which can be used for dark skin types.  I've actually gone after work as they have some evening hours which is a necessity for us working girls.  The staff have always been friendly and professional.
<review# 256,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2014,3/2/2014,109,117,5,8,5>This place was perfection! I love finding places that serve one thing and serve it WELL!So, I really couldn't tell you what we had but we had a little of everything. They brought out two trays of food, family style and we ate all of it! It was all amazing.I am not one to eat spicy food but even the "spicy" versions of the dishes were so amazing, I could not resist!MAKE SURE YOU GET THE COFFEE! It is a spectacle in itself to watch them make it! And it comes with popcorn, so I was hooked!Go, eat everything they bring you, and you will leave happy!
<review# 257,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2014,3/1/2014,20,45,4,7,5>1.Park your car on the street. 2. Take in the sights and sounds of the city. 3. Make your way inside. 4. Grab a table. 5. Enjoy one of the best breakfasts in the city.Everything is good. I especially enjoy the Huevos Rancheros. The quality of food is exceptional as well as the people watching. Your coffee is never less than half full and the service is timely and accommodating. This place feels like a diner from America's past and I love it.
<review# 258,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2013,2/28/2014,65,138,3,5,4>Went into Patty's the other day to pick up a big order of popcorn. I had never been there before and was immediately giddy as I walked through the door.This place makes you feel like you walked into a time-machine and came out during a time when a piece of gum only cost you a nickel. Candy and sweets line the walls as well as popcorn tubs. The staff is SO friendly, I had a nice chat with them while they were making my large order of popcorn fresh for me. (Which by the way, it's $6.95 for a party bag of buttered popcorn... crazy!!) They also have samples of all their popcorn to taste before you buy a bag. They also have soft serve ice cream, Hawaiian shaved ice, and a whole bunch of chocolate-covered things in their little bakery window. And Jelly Belly's, lots of them.The popcorn was SO DELICIOUS and I can't wait to go back to buy more. I'm craving that Chicago mix (cheese & caramel popcorn blend) almost every day.
<review# 259,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2014,2/27/2014,133,116,1,5,5>Whenever I'm in Clifton Cincy Steak & Lemonade is a legitimate option for food. This small, unassuming eatery offers a smorgasbord of food items. Burgers, gyros, wings, grilled cheese, fries. You name it and they have it. CS&L is awesome because everything they make, they make to order. This means you'll be waiting a little bit for your order but also that your food will be hot and fresh off of the grill. Everything here is really, really good. I usually go for a basic hamburger (which comes with Cajun seasoned fries) and I'm always full. The value of this place is awesome. About five bucks for anything on the menu. One of the best parts about this place are the shakes and frozen lemonades. They are absolutely delicious and round out any meal or snack. I highly recommend ordering one with whatever you get or even just by itself. Don't let the neon lights and rough around the edges building fool you. This is one awesome place to fill your bellies.
<review# 260,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2014,2/26/2014,68,151,,5,2>In the location previously known as Cumin has risen from the "Ashes" a new American cuisine restaurant. Ash American Fare has a simple menu proposition: 4 price points. Appetizers and small sharing plates are $9. Burgers are $15. Entrees are $20 and sides only $5.The layout is the same as Cumin. Tables are arranged straight back as you enter and the bar is on the right side behind a slatted wall dividing it from the dining room.The service was prompt and attentive but not omnipresent. The beet salad was delicious and well seasoned. The braised lamb shank was an absolute steal: $20 got me the lamb, roasted cauliflower, grilled asparagus and mashed red potatoes. Easily double that at any Manhattan bistro. And the lamb was prepared perfectly!A good start and great addition to the Hyde Park East neighborhood!
<review# 261,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2013,2/25/2014,17,77,4,6,6>Does anything more need to be said?  This is an absolutely beautiful ride which is evident by the number of positive reviews below. Multiple locations to enter/exit the trail. We always pick up the trail in Milford and ride north. Be cautious as you approach stop signs since some intersections are safer than others. Happy riding.
<review# 262,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2013,2/24/2014,65,133,3,7,3>Occasionally, I'll turn on Diner's, Drive-In's and Dives on Food Network and lament on Cincinnati lack of awesome mom and pop restaurants that serve awesome homestyle foods. Call me naive, but I'd never come across one...that is until I checked out this place with a former co-worker. It was everything I imagined. It's in a shady part of town, the building looks suspect and the diner itself is old-school. Upon entering Sugar n' Spice, you notice something peculiar. The customers vary widely. There are nicely dressed gentlemen in nice suits (looks like they were government guys), there were a couple of construction men and at the far corner is a sweet little old couple. Also, if you check around the store, there are rubber duckies EVERYWHERE. They have little costumes and supposedly they are all different. It's pretty neat.When it came to the food, I was not let down. I ordered the Greek omelette with a side of goetta. (This girl LOVES her goetta.) The goetta was cooked perfectly. The omelette was... for lack of better word...MASSIVE. Literally, my omelettle looked like a large burrito except you know..made of eggs and stuffed with mozzarella, feta cheese, olives and spinach. It was also delicious to boot. I'm still dumbstruck by the size.
<review# 263,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2013,2/23/2014,278,854,4,9,6>Got a late night candy craving? Well look no further, this place has ya covered in spades. Jenco's has a surprisingly wide selection of sugary sweets and will have you out the door or enjoying them in the lounge in no time. If I was a UC student, I'd probably be here at least once a week. The workers are friendly and had answers to my many questions. So, what more do you need? Great selection, customer service and hours that I wish all businesses had. Now go satisfy that sweet tooth!
<review# 264,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2013,2/20/2014,181,295,4,6,4>oh. em. gee. this place. thank you times infinite to my bestie angela c. for telling me about this place. I was seriously walking around giddy putting things into my cart. I was excited for several reasons: 1) A place like this exists in the midwest 2) I can make asian food again that is actually authentic with authentic ingredients 3) FRESH LOTUS ROOT 4) FERMENTED BEAN CURD 5) REASONABLY PRICED FRESH SEA BASS! 4) BAKERY SECTION!!!!!!!!words cannot describe how absolutely over-the-moon I was during my entire grocery trip experience. And they had EVERYTHING I was hoping they would. Some of the prices were a little high ($6 dollar for lotus root) but hey, I'm not in CA anymore, toto. So I am willing to suck it up and pay a little bit more for these things!
<review# 265,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/24/2013,2/19/2014,48,174,2,5,3>Dad and I stopped by here last weekend post-lunch and pre-dinner crowd. We had an awesome experience and delish food! Dad went for the special which was a plate of fried fish with fries and a (huge) bowl of homemade mock turtle soup. The fish was fantastic but the soup was the standout with his meal. I opted to try that BBQ pulled chicken sandwich platter with 2 sides. For my sides I picked the potato salad, on recommendation from our server, and the vinegar slaw. OMG... That slaw was so tangy and so tasty and a perfect compliment to the sweet BBQ sauce! The potato salad was solid as well!Both our meals and 2 drinks came to under $20 (without tip) so it was the perfect price too!We talked to the owner and he said that the daily special is usually determined on a whim when he gets into the restaurant that morning so give them a call and see what they have featured today or just swing by for some tasty BBQ which is on the regular menu.
<review# 266,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2013,2/18/2014,35,117,2,5,4>I. Have. Been. A. Fool.I live not too far from Persian Nights, and I've passed by it several times and thought "oh yeah, I need to go there!" I make a mental note and whenever we're trying to decide where to eat it comes up - but we ultimately decide "nah, we'll go there soon."It's not that I have anything against the cuisine - in fact I love it - and I have nothing against the location or any other factor. We just hadn't gone. Man, we're so stupid!We stopped in for a late lunch/early dinner on a Friday and the place was empty. The sign on the door about the "new hours" confused me and at first I worried that they were closed - but was relieved when I saw the waitress through the window waving us in. The menu spans multiple pages and is a bit overwhelming, but thankfully they have a couple items for an indecisive "I just want one of everything" kind of person like myself. We started with the appetizer sampler - hummus, falafel and kookoo sabzi. The hummus was a standard, pretty good hummus with oil. The kookoo sabzi is, well the only way I know how to describe it is that it tastes a lot like saag minus the sauciness. The falafel - and holy cow those falafel - were delicious! Small but they were amazingly spiced, I couldn't get enough.For our entree itself we had the Night's Sampler - which is literally one of each type of meat, with some grilled onion, tomato and bell peppers. Our waitress warned us that this was a lot of food, but great to get an idea of all the different things offered. We hoped for it to be big - we hadn't eaten anything yet that particular day and my husband and I can both eat a good bit. When she brought out the food it was one huge plate of meat, next to a plate of saffron-topped rice piled about three times higher than the meat.Ho. Lee. Cow.I wish I could put that in italics, but I can't so I'll say it again: holy cow! Each type of kabob had it's own distinct flavor. The meats had that delicious grilled flavor without any of the nasty charring, and the spices on them were just amazing. My absolute favorites were the beef and lamb koobideh kabobs. Those are the ground up meat and spices, as opposed to spiced meat cubes (chenjeh). Juicy, flavorful, and just absolutely stunning.The best part? The meat-juice soaked pita underneath.We finished everything, although I wish we had saved room for dessert. I'll definitely be back here this weekend to try them. We have to thank our waitress, whom I am going to call Rosie, for making great suggestions too and telling us literally everything about the food. Also, I call her Rosie as she reminded me of a stereotypical diner waitress - her mannerisms and the way she was excessively friendly, chatty and patient are really what did it. She was great.The interior is a bit weird - they tried to decorate it nicely and make it feel very Iranian and to some extent they did, however there were still little reminders that you were in a unit of an American strip mall, which kind of takes you out of the moment. But it was clean and attractive. They also looked like they had some good wine choices - another thing to check out further when I come back.Summary: go. You don't need to keep reading any more. If you love Mediterranean and Turkish food and/or grilled meat you will *love* Persian Nights.
<review# 267,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2013,2/17/2014,142,162,4,6,4>We waited a good 30 minutes under the beating sun for a table inside, pressing glasses of iced water to our cheeks and guess what? It was WORTH EVERY DROP OF SWEAT--AND MORE.First of all, there is not a single item on the menu that I wouldn't want to try. It took me an agonizing time to decide what to get. In the end I chose the Breakfast Casserole, which was just perfect and a side of Tomato Dill soup--dang so freaking good it's kinda scary. Definitely one of the best tomato soups I've ever had. Creamy, savory, addicting. Luckily we each got a different dish, so we were able to sample 5 amazing items: the Crab Hash, the Lox Sandwich, Steak + Eggs, and Belgian Waffle. Not a single item was decently good--everything was outstanding. I'm getting giddy just talking about this brunch. After we left, the same thought occurred to all of us: Are they owned by the same people as Annabel's? Okay, I know not everyone loves Annabel's in Mt. Lookout, but I personally consider it the gold standard of brunches (so far), and Otto's was definitely on par. Similar presentation and menu items (crab hash?) made me think... but it's probably just a coincidence. Love the distinctive blue-themed, rooster motif, and you can totally judge Otto's style by their cool little salt shakers.Geez I just spent the last 5 minutes looking up Otto's dinner menu and gushing over it. If brunch was that awesome, dinner can't be too bad. Service, by the way, was stellar, though they did forget to garnish my friend's Belgian waffle with fruit, but the server quickly fixed this.
<review# 268,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2014,2/16/2014,125,1068,2,9,5>Found my second favorite Sushi joint.  Located in the Hyde Park Plaza right next to Piada Italian.  Where TGI Fridays used to be. It's painless- so quick- you are in and out in no time.  It's like a chipotle, you create your own sushi.  First you choose your wrap.  Seawood wrap or Soy Wrap.  You can order inside and out or seaweed out.  You have your choices of brown or white rice.  Second, add your protein.  Your choices are: Tuna, Chicken, Shrimp, Salmon, Crab Mix, Steak, Smoked Salmon, Salmon, Crabstick, Tofu, or Yellow Tail.  What I like about this place is you can do half and half.  I got the Smoked Salmon and Tofu (which is smoked and firm) on inside and out seaweed roll.  Delish!!!!!Third you select your veggies: Asparagus, Avocado, Carrots, Green Onions, Jalapeno, Cucumber, or Cream Cheese (yes!!!!).Then you top it off with your choices of: Spicy Mayo, Wasabi Mayo, Sriracha, Sweet Chili, Sweet Soy, Yakisoba, Crab Mix, Sesame Seeds, Masago, or Tempura Crunch.  All that you get a low calorie, quick and cheap meal.  Makes 9-10 pieces.  And only $7.00!!   If you want sides with your Sushi they have many to choose from.  Cucumber Salad, Seaweed Salad, Spice Edamame, and Edamame.  I tried the seaweed salad and Edamame.  You get a small cup and pricing is reasonable. They also sell alcohol (beer and cold sake).  I will definately be a regular at this joint.  Restaurant very clean, Dine in is spacious, Staff very friendly and quick.
<review# 269,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2014,2/15/2014,188,104,,6,4>If this is your first time getting Indian food, then you really can't go wrong with Ambar. I'd say that the service and dining atmosphere is fairly Western in style, with a more fancy dining atmosphere than most. So, if you're wary of trying something new, this style of dining will ease you in to a world of delicious and complex layers of spice. The food: When you get to Cincinnati, especially Clifton, you hear about the unsaid battle royale between Amol and Ambar. The first one to throw a punch (aka cater a student organization talk) was Ambar and the rumors were substantiated: it indeed was the best Indian food in Cincinnati (since it was the first of the restaurants I'd had)! This specifically refers to the rice, chicken tikka masala, and the saag paneer. Later on that year, it was Amol's turn to throw the next punch, and the food (once again, rice, chicken tikka masala, and saag paneer) was just as good as Ambar. [Actually, I think the saag paneer at Amol slightly edges out the saag paneer at Ambar] So who wins out in this battle royale? Since the food items are nearly identical in taste and quality, I would have to move on to price point, and Amol is a couple dollars cheaper. Knockout: Amol. Since then I've also tried the lamb vindaloo, chicken curry, and the saag tikka masala. The lamb vindaloo is delicious - a robust tomato-y plus indian spices flavored curry sauce. However, I was mighty disappointed by the saag tikka masala. Considering how much I love the chicken tikka masala here, I just did not think Ambar did a good job of marrying the spinach into the sauce, and I've had better, even around in Cincinnati (at Deep, for example). The coupon: BearCash coupons almost always feature coupons for both Amol and Ambar for $4-6 off a second lunch or dinner entree. So grab a friend, Pro-tip: Ambar has a lunch menu! Go for lunch! Coupon still applies!
<review# 270,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2014,2/14/2014,62,97,,6,4>If you are looking for a good variety of artisanal bread, stop by here. You can't beat the consistency and the quality, with NO additives or preservatives!! Plus, taking a look at that amazing imported Italian oven is quite impressive and also pretty cool to watch the bakers in action. Also don't forget about the sweets, which are just as important to get while making a visit. Especially the scones, dessert breads and the pie breads are quickly addictive.I have tried multiple types of breads and my favorites are the sourdough, for sure, and the sauerkraut rye worked great for a reuben. Can't wait to try the Rosemary Garlic Ciabatta for some sandwich ideas, as well as the Raisin Cinnamon Walnut for some breakfast toast or even using it for a bread pudding, yum! The other great thing is if you are not looking for a whole loaf they have many choices of rolls of majority if not all of their breads they baked off that day.There is no seating room, but there is a little open room off to the side were you can just stand and watch the bakers at work. You can also get a cup of coffee, which is especially good on colds days like today.One thing to make sure of, is the parking lot next to the building is NOT AVAILABLE; it is a private lot for an office in the area and people have been towed.
<review# 271,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2013,2/13/2014,211,416,2,10,5>I was so pleased to discover a Venezuelan restaurant in Cincinnati. Finally!Even though this is a take-out only joint, I'll take it. The owner/operator is terrific. Friendly, helpful and willing to dole out samples. He seemed glad to have us even though we were the only people there who didn't speak Spanish. The reina pepiada (chicken avocado arepa) was delicious. The corn bun (shell? What does one call this?) was perfectly hot and crisp. We also had the Venezuelan typical plate that was hearty and enjoyable. Be sure not to miss the freshly-squeezed juices. Passionfruit, pineapple and mango are the most popular. So where's that 5th star? Well, prices are pushing it. $11 for the typical plate seems pricey for mainly beans, rice and stewed meat. Arepas at $5 seem slightly high too. Especially considering this place has practically no overhead. On a crisp fall afternoon there were quite a few customers seated outside but I'm not sure what a cold or rainy day would do to the biz. Hopefully with their increasing popularity they'll consider a dine-in location.
<review# 272,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2014,2/12/2014,68,235,3,6,5>Love it! Meatballs are one of my favorite foods, so when we went here we ended up with an overflowing table of food! We tried two kinds of meatballs- beef and spicy pork. Spicy pork was the clear winner! Boyfriend had his beef meatballs over pasta with meat sauce, which was delicious, but a little too traditional of a route for me :) I went with the spicy pork on the ciabatta bread with bechamel sauce. So amazingly good.  We also tried the "tacos" which tasted more like a gyro to us. It was a special that weekend, but they told me that they are probably going to add them to the menu. I wasn't a huge fan of the taco but boyfriend gobbled it up so it's probably just taste- I don't really like gyros either.For sides we got the sriracha sweet potato mash (just ok- not very spicy), and the smoky coleslaw. The coleslaw was amazing- get it! Next time I want to try the kale. They have a few good choices of beer- two hearted on tap, plus margaritas ($9 for a carafe) and boxed wine. To top it off, everyone who worked there was so super friendly! We talked with the cashiers a while when we got there, and I saw the chefs come out and talk to a table, too. They said they might be starting happy hour special soon, which will bring this cheap meal down even more! For all that food and two beers, it was about $30 - probably more than we meant to spend, but we had to try it all!
<review# 273,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/14/2013,2/11/2014,40,21,3,5,5>Best dive bar in town. A friendly, welcoming atmosphere that attracts an eclectic, fun crowd. The drinks are dirt cheap and $20 goes a long way in this place (don't forget to bring cash!!). Great people watching here.  A night at the Edge is likely to be one you won't remember but will wish you did.
<review# 274,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2013,2/10/2014,138,79,,6,3>Sawasdee came recommended to me a couple years back by one of my best friends. He and his father really liked the place when they went.Since then I've been back numerous times. Until recently I wouldn't have said they were good for groups, but they expanded back in January and can handle larger crowds.The food here is wonderful. A good balance of flavors accompany every dish I've had, and the owners go out of their way to locate authentic Thai produce for use in their signature meals.I've had a myriad of dishes from Pad Thai to their fried rices to appetizers and curries. I recommend them all.If you're adventurous for spicy food I recommend asking for the "Fire Breathing Dragon" (or FBD for short) spice level. You won't find it on the menu, or advertised, but this really kicks it up a notch without overshadowing the flavor of your meal.The Thai iced tea here is also better than most. Not as much sugar is included in the drink, allowing the traditional spices to shine through.I highly recommend Sawasdee if you like Thai food, spicy food or just plain want something tasty!
<review# 275,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2013,2/9/2014,61,107,2,5,3>Trotta's has the best pizza by the slice in Cincinnati. I have been to many pizza by the slice places and Trotta's by far has the best by the slice. First off it is huge, Second it is Hot like piping hot, Third it is Tasty!  I am calling eastsiders, Northern Kentucky People, etc  adventure over here to the westside and give Trotta's a try I promise you the trek will be worth it because the pizza is so amazing it puts other pizza by the slices to shame and yes you can get regular sized pizzas too.  I promise you might even become a regular!
<review# 276,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2014,2/8/2014,0,12,,10,3>Prime 47 is really lovely.  I've been lucky to eat here a few times since they opened (I work just across the street) and I have to say, I experienced some of the best service I've had at a restaurant in Cincinnati.  The servers are super personable and extremely attentive.  The service alone makes it feel like a special occasion.  I've had many of the things on the menu thus far (all the sides are made for sharing, typical steakhouse style, so I've gotten to try many.)  The white cheddar mashed potatoes are my favorite (incredible!) but I liked everything I've tried.  I thought the steak was great, but I'm not a huge steak person so I had the seabass once and it was so nicely prepared - beautiful golden crisp to the top and bottom.  They have some great appetizers as well - I loved the shrimp cocktail (huge shrimp, fiery cocktail sauce) and the prime rib sliders are crazy good.  I may start going over to the bar there (which is a big curving marble structure, very pretty) just for the prime rib sliders app and a side of mashed potatoes.  Oh - and as another poster commented, the house bread is awesome.  I'm a fan and glad they have opened downtown!
<review# 277,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2014,2/7/2014,7,4,2,13,3>I ordered the "Pipe Sandwich" with spicy pork. It was very good sandwich. I will say that the menu is difficult at first to navigate. The prices are a little high for what you get.Overall the restaurant is very neat and old school.
<review# 278,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2014,2/6/2014,150,417,4,5,3>Oh Traders World.. you're like someones drunk stumbling uncle at Christmas time. You just never know what you're going to get with each new visit... You have giant Giraffes and other random plastic animals scattered throughout your yard, that greet you from the highway and as you drive through the grand entrance of the place. It's almost as if they are calling to you and putting you in a trance to drive your vehicle straight to them.All joking aside, if you are a flea market aficionado, you MUST come to this place at least once in your shopping life. It will make your little heart go all a flutter. I have been to several flea markets in my day, and this one is like the Kmart of flea. I prefer yard sale type stuff though, and this one is not typically those type of items. I don't feel like I just raided grandma's attic, or that little Jimmy has grown out of all his clothes so now they're here... this place is more like lost treasures rather than old hand me downs or someones old memories. I have purchased numerous old Nintendo games from the stores in here and all have worked fine. Now I will tell you, if you find something you love, remember what aisle it's down, and keep walking. Chances are you may stumble across it again... and again... anddddd again, sometimes getting you a better price than you originally found said item for. Oh and with that being said, many places don't accept that little rectangle of plastic that you carry, they want the dolla dolla bills ya'll. But there is an ATM machine in the food area for those gotta have purchases.This flea market is nice, but I feel it has a ton of the same merchandise, and that gets a little boring after an hour or so. It also causes severe cases of vertigo and deja vue... have I been here before???? hee heee...This place has always reminded me of a carnival because of the interesting treasures, the bearded ladies, the giant plastic animals and the junk food. Funnel cake while I shop??? YES please! If you're bored on a weekend, go and get there before noon to snag the best deals. Go during the warmer seasons to see the outside vendors too. If you're afraid, tie a rope to the first door you come in from and to yourself, that way you can find your way back from the vortex. Have fun!
<review# 279,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2014,2/5/2014,208,168,3,8,5>Oh man, this place is legit.  The owner is super sweet and will answer any questions you have about the menu board.My first visit, I ordered a gyro and the owner carved the meat and added any and every topping I wanted on it.  Overstuffed, it was so delicious I couldn't stop eating it.  Needless to say I felt like taking a nap at my desk after I was finished.The falafel here is fresh and doesn't taste like dried out chick-pea-hushpuppies.  If you know what I mean.
<review# 280,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2013,2/3/2014,11,49,6,5,3>Classic, classic place.  Took the fam here after a long day at the game and the zoo.  My little girl says: "Daddy, I need some BBQ...".  "My response??  So do I sweetheart.  To the van!"So, about 25 minutes later we arrived at the glorious tomb of all things swine and smoke.  It was a great night out.  Warm for December.  The smokey goodness and smiles from the awesome staff encircled our hearts.  And when they brought the pulled pork sandwiches to our table...the heavens parted.  And lo the great Archangel Gabriel appeared and whispered into my ear where to find a Wonka Golden ticket.  I put my arm around him and said..."make haste, sit and take part in the bounty"...he gladly accepted. OK, bottom line.  Eli's blows everyone in Cincinnati out of the water.  I won't make disparaging remarks about the other BBQ places in Cincinnati, but Eli's is doing it the way it should be. On top of that, I fed my whole family for $40...$40!!!  Wow.  I will invoke Stan Lee... 'nuff said.
<review# 281,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2013,2/2/2014,64,340,,4,2>The Mt. Adams Bar & Grill has been around for a long time. When prohibition was repealed in 1933 the Bar & Grill in its present location was the first drinking establishment in Ohio to obtain a liquor license.Surprisingly this past Saturday's visit was my first time inside the historic building, but we don't make it up to Mt. Adams as often as we once did in our younger years for bar hopping. We arrived around 6:30 in the evening and found no wait for a table of four. We were seated right away in a booth behind the hostess stand, near the large wooden bar.While waiting for the other couple to arrive, my wife and I snacked on a small order of fried jalapeño ravioli ($7.25). Though the menu claimed that the ravioli are stuffed with chopped jalapeño peppers, I did not detect much spice in them at all. With that said I still enjoyed the fried pasta filled with ricotta cheese.For dinner I ordered the southwestern chicken sandwich, which features a chicken breast marinated in a special sauce and grilled to perfection, topped with sour cream, green taco sauce, pepper jack cheese, tomato, lettuce, mayonnaise and served on grilled buttercrust bread ($6.75). It comes served with a side of chips, though other options are available for an additional charge. The sandwich was really good with a nice spicy finish. The chips were nothing special, and I probably should have went with sweet potato fries instead.My wife ordered the veggie burger, a combination of oats, tofu, wheatgerm, sesame seeds, and a variety of seasonings. It is served with lettuce, tomato, mayonnaise, pickle, red onion, mustard and Monterey jack cheese ($6.25). I was fortunate enough to have a couple of bites of this sandwich and I have to say this is one of the best veggie burgers around. The mix of so many ingredients comes together in a somewhat spicy and very filling meal.I honestly wasn't expecting much from the food at Mt. Adams Bar & Grill, but I was very pleasantly surprised. The prices are extremely fair and the food is very good. This is easily a top spot in Mt. Adams for an affordable and casual meal before heading out to the bars, and is even worthy of a visit at any other time.
<review# 282,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2014,2/1/2014,181,524,4,9,6>I love little local gems like Lobsta Bakes. It's now on my bucket list to get a big burner and do a lobster boil next summer. They have great fresh lobster prices, a nice selection of prepared foods like Tuna Salads, noodle salads, soups, and crab cakes (delicious, by the way). There are always several fresh fish options and we've never been disappointed in the quality. The prices are reasonable for the quality you are getting. The cherry on top is really the staff and Kevin- they are so incredibly nice!! They clearly love what they do. Also, any place that quotes Jon Stewart on its website is awesome in my book. P.S. Try that Maine Blueberry Pie! Delicious.
<review# 283,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/16/2013,1/31/2014,229,539,3,9,7>I am from Hawaii so it takes a lot to impress me in the way of ocean life. I was pretty impressed at this place. What did I like the most? (Besides the penguins) it was the layout. There was a well planned path that allowed you to see everything without missing a thing. The "glass" tunnels were pretty awesome. I mean who doesn't want to see an 8 foot shark swimming over them? The playful penguins were a treat. I mean I could watch them for hours. Well not really but they do have benches that would technically allow you to do that. It was a little pricey but they do offer military discounts and FREE admission to veterans on Veteran's day. The area which it is situated is awesome. After the aquarium we walked around and enjoyed the stores and food dives. Plenty of hip culinary places to check out. I recommend making a visit at least once. Fun for kids and grown-ups alike!
<review# 284,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2014,1/30/2014,43,96,1,13,4>Tired of your normal run in the mill gym? Well step outside the box and give some martial arts training a whirl. I have been practicing Brazilian Jiu Jitsu for almost ten years now and have been part of great schools and also some bad ones. This is an awesome one... The owner Jason Laine is probably one of the nicest guys you will ever meet and will make you at home along with the staff and other students. The gym and its members may look a bit intimidating at first but do not let that scare you. The whole team is very hospitable and welcome newcomers of all sorts, athletic or not. The gym has everything you would need from a boxing ring, cage, Olympic weights and a large grappling area. I have been part of 3 gyms as a member in other cities and locally plus dropping in on countless others when I am travelling and I have to say Vision is my favorite. You cannot beat the staff or team. Just do not get scared away after the first week and really give it a go.
<review# 285,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2013,1/29/2014,101,222,1,5,6>We went on the BB Riverboats Christian Moerlein Beer & BBQ Cruise. It was really fun. The sightseeing portion is very nice and peaceful. The cruise is smooth and you have a nice view up and back. The food is also good too! It's a buffet and there were plenty of tasty choices on board. All in all - we really enjoyed the cruise and will definitely go again.
<review# 286,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2012,1/28/2014,102,192,4,5,5>SO MUCH FUN!!! There is nothing quite like pedaling in a 15-person cart up and down the streets of Cincinnati with LMFAO "Sexy and I Know It" playing...quite an experience!! I went on the Pub Crawl with about 8 of my friends and we had a blast!!! We stopped at 5 bars in total and received drink specials at 4 of the 5 (one of them was an infrequent stop and the company is still working out a drink special with them).  Best special by far was at Arnold's, our first stop- we got this Mint Jubilee drink that was delicious and refreshing. The pedaling was not too strenuous, even uphill- my group managed just fine, even while we were kinda drunk. I had a bit of trouble pedaling, but that was due to my height (I'm 5'2"- my 5'5" husband had no problems).  Our driver/tour guide was super friendly and upbeat the whole way- he made sure we knew what the specials were and how much time we had at each stop.  The cart has speakers so you can blast music- you can play either a pre-made mix by the driver or your own music- my group opted for our own.  The whole mix of pedal cart and blaring music makes you quite the spectacle so be prepared for lots of people staring, taking pictures of you, and occasionally dancing to your music.  It was pretty entertaining.  Definitely a very unique experience :)
<review# 287,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/25/2013,1/27/2014,66,248,4,8,11>I love that Dayton has a growing number of microbreweries, Eudora is close to us and very nice with fantastic beer! On the night we went they had a food truck serving dinner (always an added plus for us!) since the only food they serve are hot dogs and chips, but this is a brewery not a restaurant so that's ok! The interior is obviously very new but tasteful and they even have a cork dart board (a plus!). Windows throughout the interior shows the brewery operation while you enjoy your beer. The staff are all friendly and more than happy to answer questions about the beer, etc. I saw on their website that they may soon offer appointments to be made so the public can come and brew their own beer using Eudora's setup, that would be fun and unique in the area (to my knowledge anyway). Check them out and support a local / small business, the beer is WAY better than the big guys!
<review# 288,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/31/2013,1/26/2014,1081,373,4,8,6>I've hit this place consistently over the past year.  There are some obvious reasons i return...~ The Yummy roll! Crab, jalapeño, spicy mayo... Boom! ~ Price point... Sushi is very affordable here, and the majority of the other dishes are massively sized.~ the ambiance is chill and relaxing for a date or family dinner. ~ the place is never packed!However, there are some opportunities at this place. - Service is sllllloooooooooooow! Not rude, slllloooooooow! - English is a second language for the owners/servers, which leads to miscommunication for some customers not aware or open to working through it.- When you drift from the sushi menu the food is average. Overall this place is a consistent, affordable, average Asian meal with better then average sushi!
<review# 289,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2013,1/25/2014,44,215,3,6,4>We were sorry to see Honey close, but excited when we saw that something new was taking its place. Bistro Grace opened Nov 29, and we dined there just over a week later. The short version is that it fits into the space nicely, both in terms of its cuisine and its vibe, and we look forward to eating there again.In detail:- The decor is different than Honey's, but still has an "upscale casual" feel. The walls and woods are darker, and the lighting fixtures are beautiful. The floor plan has been opened up by replacing half the tables with a long booth on one wall, similar to Senate. There was nothing wrong with the way Honey was set up, but I like this a lot too.- Our server was great. Very friendly and engaging, curious about our impressions, and eager to tell us more about Bistro Grace. He wasn't polished the way a server at Orchids might be, but he wasn't awkward about it either (the way most other servers are when you catch them off-guard).- If I recall correctly... Bistro Grace's owner comes from a Chicago restauranteur family, and this is her first solo venture. She tries to source ingredients seasonally and regionally, and specifically, their meat comes from a special farm/butcher whose goal is to create great meats especially for fellow chefs to use.- The menu is simple but with good options. We got the charcuterie plate to start, and it was one of the more interesting meat and cheese boards we've ever had. (A duck thigh paste that was billed as a "cousin" to foie gras pate. Lingonberries.) For dinner I had the scallops, which were cooked beautifully, and each sat on a bed of brussel sprouts (yum) and pistachio risotto (tasty, but a bit rich). Andy got the burger with blue cheese, which he said was really good.- The dessert options were a bit underwhelming, to be honest, so we skipped it this time. We'd love to see some of the inventiveness from the rest of our meal applied to the sweets. Since we've heard that Bistro Grace plans to change their menu with some frequency, we're optimistic that this will be addressed.(Note: That was one problem we had with Honey. Good food, but always the same options, so we couldn't come too often or else we'd run out of things to order/try.)In all, we quite enjoyed our food and our evening at Bistro Grace. And although the dining room wasn't packed, we were impressed at how many people were there considering the place had only just opened. Hopefully BG will continue to find support from the Northside as well as the greater Cincinnati community, because we think it has a lot of potential.
<review# 290,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2014,1/24/2014,311,349,6,9,6>I am not a tatted up lady. I was incredibly nervous stepping foot into this place. Greg made it easy to relax because he was confident and laid back.My 2 best girl friends and I have been talking about getting matching tattoos for 10 years, but it never happened. Recent events brought us to Dana's on NYE  - 3 walk in's... we thought... if it's meant to be then they'll be able to get us in.... I was secretly hoping they wouldn't be able to fit us in... and considering the popularity of this place I thought that would be the case. They were able to get us in so now I permanently have a beautiful tattoo on my left upper back - 3 bird silhouettes. The process was easy, it was VERY clean (which made the nurse inside me happy), the staff was professional and kind, and the prices were very reasonable. Greg mentioned everyone at Dana's goes through an apprenticeship which shows they really care about having quality artists. I heard nothing, but wonderful reviews about this place from friends and now I can recommend it too!
<review# 291,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2014,1/23/2014,40,63,4,9,5>Galena might be the best dog groomer in the Greater Cincinnati area. I love being able to take my dog to her and know I am getting a top rate, reasonably priced cut. She is kind to all of the clients (2 and 4 legged) and helpful with any issues or questions you may be having. She is incredibly flexible with time and when you need to pick your dog up. It is a small local business that I love helping out. When you walk into the lobby it is plain with a few waiting chairs, but clean and bright. It has a small table with other dog items for sale, and a reception desk. You can pay cash or charge, but you can't put tip on the charge so make sure you bring cash. I brought a list of instructions for how I wanted my dog cut.  I highly recommend this place!
<review# 292,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2013,1/22/2014,52,101,4,10,7>I'm inclined to say that Incline Public House is one of my favorite restaurants in the city. Sitting on the edge of Price Hill, this pub offers magnificent views of the beautiful Queen City. But nothing can beat the view I had of my plate as it was placed in front of me and adorned with the most amazing culinary creations Price Hill has likely every seen.So let's just get this part of the review out of the way: Yes, Incline Public House boasts a strapping view of the city. The two-tiered outdoor patio and wall of windows ensures that no matter where you dine at this establishment, your eyes can take in all the wonderment of downtown Cincinnati. Outdoor heaters sprinkled across the outside dining area make this deck relevant even now on cold autumn nights.As good as the view is I assure you that the food is better. Incline's take on pub food leaves no stone unturned. As you would expect there is a surplus of fried foods. What you wouldn't expect is for your palate to be made love to as you take in Andouille Corndogs with habanero ketchup, Spicy Pickle Fries with homemade remoulade, and Fried Stuffed Olives with herbed goat cheese.The magic doesn't stop there as you dive further into the menu. Of course any good pub offers some form of pizza and sandwiches. But here you will find unique brick oven pizza selections like the Green Eggs & Ham. In lieu of traditional beef sliders you are presented with Duck Confit Sliders and Lamb Sliders. And forget everything you thought you knew about grilled cheese sandwiches because the Braised Short Rib Grilled Cheese literally changed my life. Mmmmmm.The last menu item I want to mention is so money that it gets its own paragraph and requires no further explanation: Grippos Crusted Mac & Cheese. I'm guessing the chefs at Incline Public House got their degree in Culinary Swagger because they have truly outdone themselves with this menu. In closing, let me apologize for the bad puns in this review but something about corndogs made with andouille sausage makes me feel a bit corny. Ugh, I hate my jokes...
<review# 293,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2013,1/21/2014,20,104,2,6,3>I drove 30 minutes to get here because I was excited to check out this Japanese bakery.  After a trip to Japan last year I am sold for life on the quality of Japanese goods and I knew La Hiro would be no exception.  It was a slow night and bakery selection was limited, but I tried the green tea cake (with red bean filling) and it was SUPER!  Perfectly fluffy, flavorful, and the beautiful to look at as well.  La Hiro appears to be primarily restaurant with a bakery case on the side, so I decided to order something off the menu.  The lady (I believe the owner) suggested the tempura udon and it was a great choice.  Tasty broth, delicious tempura shrimp, lots of udon noodles, and well packaged for my ride home.  I would like to see more traditional Japanese bakery selections: tarts and red bean buns!  I wish it was closer to Cincinnati so I could come here more often!
<review# 294,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2013,1/20/2014,10,161,,4,3>We were in a bind. A friend of mine was planning a last minute party for 70 people (don't ask how that happened!) and wanted something to display the cupcakes purchased for dessert. The bakery, given the last minute nature of the order, was no help. I called Cincinnati Cake & Candy Supplies and sure enough they had a cupcake stand for 70 people. [Of note, apparently they also rent out displays but for much larger numbers of cupcake...good to know.] Should have read a little more closely the description online...item was made of Styrofoam, but when assembled it didn't look tacky or cheap at all. On top of that, because it was made of Styrofoam, it was definitely the least expensive option of all (renting displays is upwards of $35 and I have to get it back to them) and I got to bling it out in the colors chosen for the party decor. But enough about my woes/particular situation. The store itself is small but packed with lots of fun stuff. If I have a baking project, etc. I know where I'm coming next time. They have classes, which I'm definitely interested in. Also the woman helping me was so sweet. She could see I was a little disappointed that the product was Styrofoam and tried to do everything in her power to make sure I left satisfied, even if it meant I didn't purchase the item. And now that I've completed my little craft project (imagine ribbon, pearlized pins and fake cherry blossoms - it was a pink and black color scheme), I am totally happy with the result.
<review# 295,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2013,1/19/2014,13,79,2,4,3>We live close, and finally grabbed carryout from here after reading about it in the "Global Eats" Cincinnati magazine issue.  I am a sucker for Asian food, so I gave it a 4 (wife a 3).The House of Noodles section of the menu has many solid options, and we both went with a noodle dish.  The servings are HUGGGE, enough to split.  I really enjoyed the Dan Dan Noodles.  The meal is composed of massive well-cooked egg noodles with a rich broth of garlic, chilies, and scallions.  The menu doesn't mention the large chunks of veggies which were a nice surprise.  The dish is topped with ground chicken which is kinda funky, but good... absorbed the broth.  My wife ordered the Pad Thai with chicken.  It was OK, massive serving, but was kinda dry.  She prefers more broth, and Green Papaya pad Thai if she had the choice.The heat scale is 1-10, we both got an 8 which wasn't hot at all, but like many of these places the heat can change daily based on the chilies.
<review# 296,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2012,1/18/2014,82,120,,7,3>Listen up Foodies! This is the place to go! Don't be distracted by those new-fangled trendy restaurants in Over the Rhine. Awesome service and no wait for a table. Plus the food is a 1000 times better! These people are serious when comes to high quality and deliciousness. The menus change frequently and they truly care about your dining experience. Their effort and attitude truly shows. Try sitting on the back patio if the weather is nice. Its quaint but cute and you'll love the cocktails!Half Price bottles of wine on Wednesdays and Monthly Supper Club!
<review# 297,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2013,1/17/2014,13,12,3,4,3>Wow, serious sausage here in serious portions, so bring a serious appetite. Thankfully the staff don't take themselves as seriously, cheerfully taking your order in their "Abe Froman" t-shirts. Ordered the Roonie, consisting of chicken sausage made with garlic and truffle, served with fried onions (oh. Yum.) and a generous slab of Boursin cheese. Almost enough to make your arteries start to harden at the sound of it, but oh so worth it.
<review# 298,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2013,1/16/2014,46,254,4,4,3>Finally! Fresh, yummy donuts in Cincinnati! Woot! I counted down the days until their opening after getting a taste of their fluffy, melt-in-your-mouth donuts at a Yelp Elite Event (twists for a showing of Oliver Twist, hehe).I came on opening day and eagerly awaited my sugary feast. They were sold out of everything but glazed but I didn't care. Glazed is my favorite and so of course I got four. I had every intention to share with three other people but my husband and I quickly devoured two and it took all my strength to keep the other two for the next day. No way I was going to share my precious donuts with anyone else! I have to admit I got a little Gollum-y there. The next day we cut the them in half and made grilled cheese sandwiches out of them. Yeah. That happened and it was delicious.
<review# 299,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2013,1/15/2014,11,32,4,8,3>Everyone raves about the sushi here. Yes, it is amazing! But I feel a little bad for all of the sushi-fanatics out there, because they are seriously missing out... the hot  entrees at Kyoto are even better than the sushi!I always order the Chicken Teriyaki dinner/lunch when I visit. It comes with miso soup, rice, crisp veggies, and of course chicken breast. The chicken is always tender, flavorful, and has a sweet glazed exterior that is to die for. Their teriyaki sauce they use is thinner than most other restaurants', but it is still so good that I literally want to drink it (and might have done so once before...). Definitely try Kyoto if you are in the area!
<review# 300,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2013,1/14/2014,16,184,,8,3>Had a really good experience here.  Came in after seeing a sign for $25 shellac polish deal, and needing to get my nails done for a wedding I was going to be in that weekend.  Made an appointment the day before, and when I arrived I was seated no later than 5 minutes past my appointment time.  Mimi did my nails, and she did a great job and we had a great conversation to boot :)  I was in and out (which was important since I was on my lunch hour), they did a great job- and my nails still look good 5 days later.  I'll definitely be back next time I need a quick and cheap mani!
<review# 301,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/18/2013,1/13/2014,61,75,2,3,2>A Seemless Transition is an amazing little store with an even more amazing owner.  She MAKES most of what she sells, and the rest is consignment stuff I believe.  There are such unique items here to buy: she makes these hoods attached to scarfs that were so cute and a smart idea.  Handmade clutches, purses, jewelry...and really cute clothes as well.  You can tell she is passionate about her business and is a very talented artist (I'd say what she does is art!)  I couldn't believe how affordable her stuff is too.  There was this beautiful clutch she MADE and was selling for $15...it could easily go for $40 in my opinion.  Very affordable, beautiful, handmade items here to buy.  Please stop by and support this local business.  You will not be sorry!
<review# 302,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2013,1/12/2014,17,51,2,5,3>Country Fresh Farm Market is like a scaled down version of Trader Joe's with a mom and pop feel to it.  When you walk in the store is divided.  The side on the left is for groceries.  They offer a good selection of fresh, local and organic produce.  They have a great deli featuring cheeses, meats and sides.  They do have a small ethnic area where you can find exotic meals and treats.  Near the cash registers they have a decent condiment selection which has lots of local and gourmet jellies, spreads and dips.  They also have a small assortment of candies, teas and coffees at the checkout area.  I usually walk around and find something new to try or something different that I'll have for a snack. Ok...now the real reason you go to Country Fresh Farm Market.  The side on the right is all beverages.  They have an enormous selection of wines and beers.  If you're a fan of mead you will find a very good selection and not just the couple of bottles from Valley Vineyards that so many other places offer.  The beer selection is pretty ridiculous.  They have a wall of six packs that extends most of the store.  Then when that ends you turn around and see a fifteen foot display of individuals where you can make your own six pack.CFFM has wine tastings and beer tastings both.  They also have six or seven beers on tap.  You can sample them for a quarter each.  This is a great way to taste beers you've probably never seen or heard of.  Thee is a small bar area where you can sit and just hang out and rest your feet.  Also, when I've gone on the weekends they usually have a tray of cheese and meats to snack on.  And there is no fuss about walking around with your sample in hand as you hunt for that elusive Russian Imperial Stout.  Wait...you don't have to hunt because the staff is super friendly and knowledgeable on all things beer and wine.Also, one more awesome thing is the out of season beers they offer on sale.  I just went in early November and they had some six packs of Oktoberfests and summer session beers that were only $4 a six pack.  Ok, maybe a couple of months old but worth giving it a taste, right?  Also, since we're in the fall season I got a 32 oz growler of Saranac pumpkin beer for $4.  Two pints of tasty, delicately spiced pumpkin ale for $4?  Oh, and I am allowed to keep the growler for my personal use?  And I can come back and get growler refills at a discount?  Sign me up!!!This is a great place to stock up on some of your naughty, little favorites as well as exploring uncharted waters.
<review# 303,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2013,1/11/2014,48,36,2,7,4>I have probably dined here at least 25 times in the past year.  It's slightly inconvenient location-wise, as it's pretty far deep into Mason.  I am closer to Sung's (downtown) or Korea House (Montgomery/Harper's), but Sura is worth the exuburban trek.  Its food is above or on par with its competition, but the prices and service are much better.  I've tried many things, but my frequent choice is tofu bibimpbap in the stone bowl.  Tofu absorbs the flavors of the dish and the accompanying red pepper paste better than chicken or beef (even if you're a meat lover, try this vegetarian-ish option!)  Plus, it's not vegetarian anymore once they put the delicious egg on top of your sizzling rice bowl!  The hot barley tea is a perfect complement to the spicy dish.  Portions are large - expect to take half home.  It makes Sura an even better value... 2 meals for the price of 1 almost every time!Servers are always eager to please  It's a delight to support this business.   ..
<review# 304,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/1/2014,1/10/2014,13,92,3,5,4>Salazar is a small, upmarket boutique restaurant and bar located on the corner of 14th and Bremen (Republic) streets. If you are new to dining in OTR you will really love Salazar - but you might have trouble finding it - because there is no sign! It is located within sight of the underground Music Hall underground parking garage (14th and Race St. exit), so it is safe and conveniently located. Although they don't take reservations, they are located within one block of Zula, Anchor & Eagle restaurants or they have a full bar to get a drink before dining.Food ranges from chicken liver mousse with passion fruit gelee to a hamburger, so it can appeal to a spectrum from bland to sophisticated palates alike. One thing is for certain though: each dish has a unique flavor and twist that adds a sense of quality, detail and uniqueness. For example, my paella risotto had shrimp cooked with saffron, perfect mussels and beautifully cooked octopus. I thought OTR was trending away from the model of boutique restaurants with limited seating and niche offerings, but I was wrong. In fact, I'm happy I was wrong! Although Salazar has only been open for 2 weeks at the time of writing, they got pretty much everything 'right':+ ambiance is great and architectural elements of the building are preserved and embraced for a unique OTR feel+ staff was beyond attentive and accommodating, friendly and in no way pretentious. + pricing and quality of the food was great, food coffee and cocktails were delicious.+ staff was knowledgable and informed me about gluten free offerings (which matters to me, but it's usually too big of a concern)Overall, I am very likely to be back. I would not recommend coming here with a party bigger than 4 people, as accommodations for larger parties are better at Zula next door. I hold high hopes for Salazar since it was already so great so early.  I can't wait to see how this restaurant explodes in popularity once everyone discovers it.
<review# 305,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2013,1/9/2014,29,222,3,4,3>Can we all be excited that Camp Washington Chili finally accepts credit cards? Yes, we can.Camp Washington Chili is the crown jewel of Cincinnati chili parlors. It's open 24-hours a day except Sunday (it's nice to see a business closed on Sunday, actually), so get your chili fix almost anytime. For you chili haters, there are double deckers and things-- but I'm pretty sure the natives haven't tried them.Service is always pretty super, and the atmosphere is squarely in the "charming diner" category. Bring your kids. Bring your grandma. Bring your business partner. Everyone fits in here.
<review# 306,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2013,1/8/2014,76,315,5,3,6>In its third year in Cincinnati, this is the most exposed race in the city!  This mile and a half race happens each year around Valentines Day.  And yes, you really do run in your undies, but of course how brief your undies are is up to you.  This year the race is moving from Mt. Adams to Newport, based out of Arnies on the Levee.Why this is the best race I did last year:1.  If you are bold enough, how can you NOT have fun running in what would usually get you arrested.2.  The expectation of the race is that you will drink at Arnies not just after the race, but includes several hours of pre-partying before.3.  Underwear Photobooth Anyone?4.  Don't get a boring old t-shirt on this one.  How about a logo panties?5.  The faces of the people as hundreds of people run by in their underwear.Warning:  This race sold out very early last year.  They only allow as many entrants as they can fit in the bar.  So if this sounds like your race, register now.  **** Not so certain about your body?  Really, don't worry about it.  There is EVERY body type and EVERY age group doing this race.  The style of underwear and top you choose it up to you!
<review# 307,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2013,1/7/2014,15,103,,5,3>Discovered yet another cool urban zone in Cincinnati, the Hyde Park neighborhood, while discovering this hip but not trendy restaurant. Sometimes you gotta have a gimmick to make your place stand out from the rest, and Tellers does nicely with the old bank building and clever incorporation of the original bank fixtures in their decor. The menu is fun to explore, with the clever use of financial terminology in lieu of standard headings.  The offerings are truly eclectic... From soy braised duck (which my husband had and thoroughly enjoyed) to a grilled  chicken breast on pretzel bun (which I had, ditto .... And five stars on those sea salt and dill seasoned fries), to chili spaghetti, short ribs, or porterhouse steak? Extensive wine and beer list, and the bar is a sight to behold.  Atmosphere is upscale casual, though I would lean to the former in attire.We also took advantage of happy hour $6 any appetizer and had the warm Brie with chutney and which included a whole roasted garlic bulb which you peeled apart to reveal the soft succulent cloves. Different...and we loved it!When we entered, we were greeted by a cheerful hostess and server, who took us to see the upstairs so we could decide where we wanted to sit. We had mentioned it was our first visit; a bit disappointing that they did not suggest nor show us the vault, unless maybe it was reserved or not open yet?  I did glance in on the way to the restroom, which incidentally was beautifully appointed and very clean.Service was just right, prices fair for the quality, atmosphere, and location. Would certainly return.
<review# 308,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/8/2013,1/6/2014,73,345,19,6,3>THE FON-DO'S AND DON'TS OF MELTING POTFON-DO: Make reservations.  Melting Pot is kind of quaint.FON-DON'T: go alone.  Girls are totally into unique dining experiences, so why not bring one?  Besides, Fondue for one is like a KFC famous bowl, a sadness meal in a failure bowl.  Also akin to TV dinners.  Nothing says, yeah, I'm single and not doing anything about it like a TV dinner.FON-DO: split a bottle of mid-range wine.  Wine not?  You're livin' it up tonight.FON-DON'T: get the green goddess dressing.  It doesn't really taste like anything.FON-DO:  Order the full meal.  Why not?  You're a frickin' billionaire!FON-DON'T:  Bother spending the extra money to get anything besides the traditional bouillon.  The cooking style can actually take away from the flavor of your food if you get something too fancy.  We wouldn't want every veggie tasting like garlic and citrus now would we?FON-DO: Get dessert!  Mmmmmm.......chocolate!  Put melted chocolate in your face.  Use fruits and sweets as a vehicle to get chocolate into your gullet!  Kill the Prime Minister of Malaysia!  Obey my dog!FON-DON'T:  Forget that if you want take home chocolate strawberries you must call and tell them ahead of your meal.  They take time to cool to the proper temperature.-AND LASTLY-FON-DO: Be a frickin' billionaire.  This place gets pricey in a hurry.  Dinner for two will cost you at least a C note and probably more.  Then when you go home in your Lamborghini you can rest comfortably on your unicorn skin pillow knowing that this was only a single leaf fallen from your massive oak tree of infinite money.
<review# 309,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2012,1/5/2014,30,44,2,7,3>Google it.DO:-Breadsticks are delish.-Great breadsticks means great crust, mmm.-Stick to slices from fresh pies (when dining in)DON'T:-Skip the bomber, a stuffed pizza with nothing but meat. Too salty.PARKING:-Free parking lot in the back. WohooSpent 4 years of my life enjoying great NY pizza. This is probably the closest thing (price+taste) to it in Cincinnati. A great pizza starts with great tasting dough, and Roca's does it right. In the world of a NY style pizza fanatic, a crunchy bottom is necessary (soggy or soft is a no-no), and its a hit or miss here. Usually getting a fresh slice/pie insures the crunchiness. Also, did I mention this place is a part of a non-profit organization? Google it yourself.
<review# 310,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2013,1/4/2014,13,57,2,5,5>This shop has just jumped to one of my absolute favorite comic book shops I've ever been to.  Anything you're looking for, they'll have it.  Large back issue collection, giant selection of current and variant issues, great stock of kids items, toys, and older books as well.  Not to mention that the owner is a knowledgeable and easy to talk to kind of person, and his personal experience with many of today's great artists leads to many great stories and art pieces he had to share with me.  I will definitely be making a stop here any time I am in the area, and will be bringing anyone with me as well to share in this experience!
<review# 311,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2012,1/3/2014,105,26,1,4,3>Yay! I've found my favorite Indian place and it's right near my work! Buffet is cheap - $5.99 weekday lunch and they have coupons online for an additional $1.50 off. If you go on Friday, they have the additional weekend buffet including carrot pudding and jalebis! Their staff is super friendly too. First time I went, I noticed an older lady who seemed to have never had Indian before and was very confused at the ethnic offerings. A waiter came over and happily described the different foods to her. The place is never too busy, guessing because of the location all the way out in Anderson. I just wish they had wi-fi here so I could work on my lunch hour.
<review# 312,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2013,1/2/2014,213,90,2,5,2>A great place for a quick, hearty, and affordable breakfast!First things first, Parkside Cafe is not located in the best part of town.  Driving up to the diner, I almost wanted to turn my car around and run in the opposite direction.  It is located across from a funeral home, amidst a ton of construction, and seems to be in a really really shady area.  However, my friend who adamantly recommended this place was tailing me by car and I really had no way out!  But in the end, I'm so glad I stuck to the plan!We came on a weekday morning at around 11am and was greeted by the smiling face of our server.  I ordered the Parkside Breakfast ($4.99) which included two eggs, a choice of meat (bacon, sausage, ham, goetta), tater tots, and toast with jelly.  The food is very simple, nothing you'll see on the front page of Food and Wine magazine. But that's exactly what I loved about it.  The food tasted cozy, like a nice homemade breakfast.  For $4.99 and in less than an hour, I was pleasantly full and ready to take on the day!  This will definitely not be my last time at Parkside Cafe!
<review# 313,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/13/2012,1/1/2014,43,102,,4,2>While I haven't taken my dogs here for a while (not really a need for daycare when I work at home), this place has always been great. I was so excited when the first opened, because they are right down the street from me (I literally pass by them when I leave home). My dogs used to go to daycare here at least once a week when I worked outside the home and we also boarded them here while on vacations. The staff at Puppywood are friendly and caring. I also love that they have cameras of the play areas you can watch. I spent many a day at work watching to see what my "kids" got up to. I can also remember watching the video cameras on my iPhone while driving (I was the passenger) to a vacation destination. I never had any fear that my dogs would not be well taken care of.  I also find their prices to be quite reasonable and their hours are great (plus, they're open 7 days a week!)If this location is convenient to where you work or live, I highly recommend taking your dog to Puppywood, They truly are treated like a star!
<review# 314,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2012,12/31/2013,107,200,,5,2>Went to Mayday for trivia night recently and was also very excited about their hot dog menu. The trivia was a bit different than what I'm used to... a sort of trivia/gambling situation where you barter a certain amount of points for each question depending on how confident you feel about your answer. It was definitely a cool change of pace, and this bartering system allowed my trivia team to jump from almost last place to second place with one question! Woohoo!The bartender was very nice and knowledgable and let us taste beers before ordering full pints. The hot dogs were also delicious and a little less expensive than other "gourmet" hot dog joints. The only weird thing about this place is its location; a little off the beaten path. No matter, I will definitely be going back.
<review# 315,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2013,12/30/2013,28,38,,3,2>An absolute joy of a dining experience.  We were there for lunch, but everything was fantastic.  The environment is spectacular; you can almost feel the history of this place, and you can certainly see it.  Definitely get the house dressing on the salad.  The rolls and apple butter are superb. Homemade chips were fantastic.  Lamb meatloaf was amazing, and the green beans were fresh and crisp!Definitely take a few minutes to explore the hotel, to see who some of the famous guests have been over the years.
<review# 316,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2012,12/29/2013,35,60,,5,2>We live right off the 75 and were looking for somewhere to eat aside from a fast food place. Grecian Delight was great! The baklava was probably the best that I've ever eaten. The prices are super reasonable--our meal (for two people) was under twenty dollars. The restaurant is small, but comfortable, and it was packed! I highly recommend you stop here if you're ever in the area. Oh, and they do accept credit cards now!
<review# 317,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2013,12/28/2013,144,216,,6,2>I've been to MCBC a couple of times and always enjoy myself! The staff is very pleasant and willing to talk beer or answer oddball questions.The tours seem to appeal to the home brewer. While I identify myself as a casual beer drinker, I can appreciate the amount of information the brewers share with guests. If you're not interested in the tour, you can hang out on the porch or in the taproom. It's so easy going there! Speaking of the taproom, it is in the house so it is like sitting around drinking with friends, but you're not in charge of cleanup! Parking isn't abundant, but if you aren't able to find a spot around the building, you can park on the residential street across from MCBC. If you're looking for a laid-back Saturday afternoon, check out MCBC!
<review# 318,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2013,12/27/2013,32,69,,3,4>1215, you are my favorite spot in the city.My first visit was on a Saturday afternoon with friends. Coffee was ordered, flights of wine were shared and no one seemed to mind that we were the loud group who couldn't stop laughing. Not to mention your magnificent playlist won me over. We left and I knew I would be back.And back I've been. So many times in fact, that I am the Duchess! For a while, when I had the time, I spent my Friday afternoons drinking wine and reading at the bar. I've been in for wine tastings, to meet friends, to read some more, to do homework, to listen to live music. And each time it is an incredibly pleasant experience.You have the perfect amount of natural light. Your seating is wonderfully spaced out, so I never feel like I'm on top of anyone. And your staff-- they're delightful. They're engaging, funny and have an insane memory... I feel like they know almost everyone who walks in.Keep up the great work!
<review# 319,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2013,12/26/2013,97,120,4,2,2>I have wanted to come and try this place out for probably two years but have never gotten around to it. So last Saturday night when my boyfriend (a lifelong KY resident) told me he was taking me here for Date Night, I was ecstatic, and I have to say, I was not disappointed.I didn't get out of work until after 8pm, so by the time I got home and was ready to go, it was late.  Like after 10 om late. We called ahead to make sure they were still serving food and whoever answered the phone told us they would keep the kitchen open later than their usual time if needed for us to get there.  Right off the bat, I was impressed.  We were only a few blocks away so we definitely made it there before the kitchen closed.  As we walked in, words failed me.  The term "kitschy" to describe this place's decor is the biggest understatement of the year.  Some of the weirdest things I had ever seen have made it's way onto the walls of York Street.  Somehow it works.  Also, their seating arrangement made me feel like I was sitting in a living room.  The living room of a crazy cat-lady aunt, but still a comfy and cozy living room.  They were playing perfect music, the atmosphere was perfect, I love it!  The food was good, but it's the atmosphere and the great customer service that will be bringing me back here often.
<review# 320,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2013,12/25/2013,38,63,3,13,7>The team that brought Cincinnati Bakersfields has struck gold again. At this point they could open up a place that serves wheat grass and it would be amazing. Let's start with the atmosphere. The decor is great. All of the tables and chairs are made from reclaimed wood. The bar surrounds the middle of the restaurant and is spectacular. Great overall vibe inside. Now onto the food. The wife and I optioned for a beer to start. Great selection. Love that they have some local taps as well as other craft taps. We ordered the sweet and dill pickles and maple bacon to start. Both were superb. I could have probably eaten 3 more orders of bacon just on my own. For our meal we ordered a half chicken, macaroni and cheese, and spoonbread (think cornbread, but better). The chicken is brined and then pressure cooked. It reminded me of Chickfila but on steroids. The chicken was tender and moist. You can pick up just enough of the brininess. Absolutely delicious. The macaroni and cheese was unique and amazing. Creamy cheese with a crunchy topping. The spoonbread was phenomenal. Light and airy but it also had pieces of corn in it. As always our waitress was attentive and knowledgable of the menu. For this to be their opening night they absolutely nailed it. This joint will be a staple in OTR for years to come.
<review# 321,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2013,12/24/2013,5,83,,3,2>This place has been open for about a week. Normally, I stay away until all the "kinks" can be fixed and try a new place after 6 weeks from opening. However, we decided to try this place on Saturday night. We entered the restaurant in the tasting room. Immediately, we were give a glass of sparkling white wine. It was very refreshing and made me want more. Upon approaching the counter, a friendly guy introduced to the winery/restaurant concept. We had never heard of this place before, but they are growing quickly and source their grapes from Napa Valley. Since this was opening week, we got three more tastings for free. We then decided to try the bar. My favorite wine was the Lux Meritage and my wife enjoyed the Lux Cabernet along with the Zinfadel. We tried the pork tostados for an appetizer and they were awesome. My wife had the Mediterranean salad with chicken and I had the prime sandwich. Both were really good and big portions. I definitely recommend this place.
<review# 322,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2013,12/23/2013,133,199,1,4,3>Huh. Ei8ht Ball Brewing. That's a new one. I first heard about The Party Source's new addition just a few weeks ago and, to my delight, I've already been! (I guess that's obvious, considering I'm here. I digress.)Date's friend suggested we meet up for drinks here on a Saturday night, and quite the idea that was. With more than 42 beers on tap (many which Date has never even heard of, and he tries a lot of obscure booze), there were more than enough to be tried. Date opted for the flight of 8, ranging from a variation of Belgian wheat, to Stout, to Scotch Ale, to some kind of double IPA Dutch something-or-other. Hey, I'm not here to be snobby about my booze; I'm here to drink it. I trust his opinion.The flight was the perfect opportunity to get to try a multitude of brews, and thankfully he lets me in on his connoisseur-ing. Of course, the double IPA was my least favorite, but that's not because it's a bad beer per se. I just don't prefer most IPAs. Everything else was good. I just still can't get over the variety.I liked a few things the most: 1) You can grab a beer (or 10) from here and enjoy while you peruse the rest of all the awesome things The Party Source has to offer; 2) This particular brewery features locally- and home-brewed beer, but it also boasts a plethora of additional, rare beers; 3) They even have snacks that you can buy for those of us who didn't eat dinner beforehand.Ei8ht Ball may not my favorite brewery in the area, but it's absolutely up there.
<review# 323,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2013,12/22/2013,65,90,5,6,5>I had afternoon tea here on a sunday.  It was the traditional english tea. Fancy...I felt very grown up..lol...I did not wear a big hat however, thought I should save that for the derby. I was kinda worried that i would not have enough to eat as they advertised tea sandwiches. Gladly I was sadly mistaken! We had 5 courses with unlimited tea. There was little cakes, decadent desserts, quiche, ordinate and intricately designed petit fours, and hors doeuvres. And shared each others tea as you recieved personal tea pots. It was reasonably priced for the fare and experience. i would definitely recommend it to try at least once. The atmosphere was nice as there was a harp player and piano. I was wondering where was the Queen?
<review# 324,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2013,12/21/2013,65,133,4,9,4>My experience with Kim's involves a charcoal bridesmaids dress with complicated pleating at the bust. Kim did SUCH an amazing job. She paid very close detail to how the dress fit and showed me how the dress could be taken in to give me a slimmer frame. The best part was how she meticulously folded each pleat so that it gave the most flattering shape. This was no easy task. It was the oddest pattern! All in all, Kim's patience and expertise (FYI did you know she was a full time seamstress and taught women to sew in Vietnam before the war?) resulted in an amazing gown. I compared my pleated top to the other bridesmaids and my dress by far was the most beautifully done. The other dresses looked awkward and laid funnily over the other girls' busts. Kim is just amazing!!!
<review# 325,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2013,12/20/2013,69,143,3,4,4>Two words: Hidden gem. This is the third place in Cincy where I've ordered pho, and it's the closest to what I'm used to getting in San Diego and LA. And this is where I have to do a breakdown of the different components. Broth: The appearance of the broth has been described as "murky", but seriously, who the hell cares what it looks like??  Not only did I not notice this as I was eating, the taste is spot-on.Noodles: There definitely could've been more noodles, I'll just say that right now. But they were the usual thickness, and cooked to perfection.Veggies: Wait, what?? Veggies in my pho?! I was a bit freaked out, but as you can see, I am miraculously still standing. The veggies (obviously prepared for the other stir-fry dishes on the menu) added a bit of pleasant variety to my bowl of pho. There was sliced carrot, baby corn, snowpeas, and I think bok choy. They weren't undercooked, either. NOTE: IF YOU'D RATHER NOT HAVE VEGGIES IN YOUR PHO, ASK FOR MEAT INSTEAD OF VEG. It can be done!Meat: Beef flank. You can also skip the veggies and get beef tripe and meatballs or chicken instead. Could've been more beef in there too, honestly.Basil/lemon/bean sprouts: Unlike other places that may skimp or skip these altogether, your pho will come with a side of them. Yay!Overall value: Best in Cincy!!*Viet endorsement: Yes, I had to. The only 2 Vietnamese people I know in Cincinnati approve of this place. As an added bonus, one of them is from SoCal. Other than eating there myself, I don't need any further evidence to support the 4-star rating,* Compared to Saigon Cafe and Pho Lang Thang (I'm serial, guys)
<review# 326,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2013,12/19/2013,268,128,2,7,5>Went to the Coffee Garden yesterday with my daughter after reading about it in Yelp.  Loved our Chai Tea Lattes!  I admit that I like my coffee drinks sweet with lots of extra flavor since I am not a true coffee drinker.  However, my daughter can drink hers black and enjoyed hers equally as well. The counter was really neat - it was a DIY they did themselves where you cover the entire counter top with pennies and then cover it with clear epoxy.  While looking, I noticed some wheat pennies in there, too.  It was a quiet, relaxing place and I imagine the gardens outside to be something quite pleasant in the warm months.  There appeared to be 2 fountains, plantings, various bird feeders plus you could smell the real evergreen wreaths outside for sale.
<review# 327,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2013,12/18/2013,65,138,2,3,3>Saigon is great. I live downtown and making the trip to Jungle Jims is a hassle to say the least. My boyfriend loves to cook curry & we go down to Findlay for Saigon Market goodies at least once every 2 weeks. They have everything there and it is all super authentic. Make sure you know what you're getting though, because it will be really hard to find otherwise! Many of the products there don't have English labels. THAT'S how authentic it is!Actually, I work part-time at a Thai restaurant, whose Thai owners/chefs frequent the market to purchase supplies to use in our kitchen. So you know it's legit!
<review# 328,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2013,12/17/2013,133,116,1,3,2>Chicago Gyros has the best gyro in Cincinnati. This city has some pretty darn good gyros too. Just take a look at Areti's in Findlay Market. The reason I love Chicago Gyros is for a couple of reasons. First, and most obvious, is the gyro's they are serving up are ridiculously fresh, hot, flavorful, and bursting with meat. Literally, the size of this gyro is unbelievable and I challenge you to finish one without be stuffed. They offer extra meat for $2.00 but seriously, this is not needed. The Tzatziki sauce, onions, and tomato are all there and all round out a perfectly balanced gyro. The new location is also amazing. The space is large, modern, and decorated to make you feel welcome and want to dine-in. The menu is also something that sets this gyro shop apart from others. It's large, much like the meals. Fries, falafel's, Chicago style hot dogs, you name it they most likely have it and it's most likely delicious. Whenever I'm craving a gyro, Chicago Gyros is my first choice. Give em' a shot. Trust me, you will not be disappointed.
<review# 329,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2013,12/16/2013,20,199,3,4,2>Great place to visit either while you're on the Loveland Bike Trail, or just want to have some good hearty food, or a beer or two.  Truly special pizza when the cooks load up your pie with ingredients. The owners built The Works  with a brick oven, so the pizza is brick-fired and it's a bit different.  Cooked through and through, it's really outstanding, with a blistered crust.  Wife and I are actually working through an addiction issue with their pies, and are presently in rehab but still getting our fix at least once a week, usually with a medium called The Commish.This charming, distinctive building was formerly the Loveland Fire Station and before that a watering station for steam locomotives going through Loveland.  Situated pretty much on the Loveland Bike Trail (ok, separated by a small parking lot...), The Works is right in the thick of all things good about Old Loveland.  The owners upped the local restaurant ante by installing a new 24-line draft system, and if you're a craft beer lover you're sure to be pleased by more than a couple of their craft brews.  All their food is quite good, and you can get anything from a standard app like mozz sticks, to big burgers, all the way up to a semi-gourmet Italian dish.  Full bar, incredibly good atmosphere (old character-laden building: shiny, big, clean, and quite unique); nice big patio for 3 seasons, and they even have a railroad passenger car parked on one side of the lot in order to host larger private parties.  Lots of families with little ones come in for food and drink, and everyone commingles nicely at The Works, enjoying a meal or drinks in a festive environ.  Wood burning fireplace, numerous flat screens for sports, very cool bar layout.  The Works works for me.
<review# 330,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2013,12/15/2013,278,854,5,5,3>Another great find courtesy of the mobile Yelp app. I never would have found this place otherwise.Like Anjelica, I ordered the Greek Gyro omelette ($11.50), and holy cow, the first bite made me pause as I asked myself, "Is this the best omelette you've ever had?" To which I replied Yes... it is. And fortunately, it was the size of a newborn which meant leftovers. Two meals for the price of one, not bad. And sorry for the newborn comparison, its just that the omelette is that big and I am writing this at almost midnight. Okay, it's the size of a small loaf of bread, phew. There we go. The massive size and perfectly flavored gyro meat alone make it a winner, but the fact that it came with enough tzatziki sauce to drown Ulysses, I was in brunch heaven. The kitschy rubber duckies that line the walls and the retro murals make this a place to put on your short list. If you are in a hurry, you might have to sit at the "bar", but take your time and sit at one of the booths, maybe even the cozy two seater near the kitchen.
<review# 331,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2013,12/14/2013,181,295,3,5,4>House of Sun, you've done it again! Came here for a second (third?!) round of Taiwanese breakfast this past weekend and brought my man-friend along since he had never tried it. This meant I was in charge of all of the ordering etc, so as per usual, I over-ordered. We got: Shaobing with eggFried dough sticksSticky rice ball (sweet)Hot soy milk (sweet)Green onion pancake (with beef)DumplingsI got super excited when I saw jellyfish on the menu so I ordered some of that as well but they were out :( I'm pretty sure the waitress was unsure of what to do with me. She kept giving me incredulous looks and asking me to repeat my order just to be sure, but I know I impressed her because she came back with a pair of chopsticks and took our forks away when she brought our food! All of our food was a whopping $23 dollars!! And so very delicious. Come for the weekend to see what I'm talking about- if you are a true foodie you will not be disappointed! Also, I'll be back for some jellyfish!
<review# 332,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2013,12/13/2013,27,172,,4,2>This place was my living room for quite awhile during graduate classes; it's the most unpretentious coffee shop I know.  My standards for coffee shops:  environmentally conscious, good coffee, and accessible electrical outlets.  This place has it all.They're all about the Fair Trade coffee, serve your 'for here' coffee in traditional, reusable mugs and glassware, have quite a bit of natural light in the place, and provide friendly, knowledgeable service.  I can't tell you the number of days I spent $3.00 on the bottomless coffee and spent the day in this place getting work done, and not feeling like I was being glared at or pushed out.  They serve some light pastries/cookies, but also seem to be cool if you carry in your lunch from down the street.  They have outlet strips plugged into nearly every outlet, so you're not left clamoring for the tables near the walls.  The main room is large and usually has some quite, chill music playing.  It can get a little distracting if a group is having a loud conversation, but the atmosphere is chill which has most speaking in respectable tones.  There are also smaller rooms to the left when you walk in if you really need some quiet, or if you are looking for a space for your group to meet.   I think they host quite a bit of regular groups-bible studies, a CSA, etc.  So, if you're looking for a regular group meeting place, this could be it. The tables are large and give you room to spread out.Parking is available-just not in the lot off of Rohs Street just past the entrance; off of McMillan there are a few spots along the building; I usually find a spot on Rohs Street with little worry, but it depends on the academic calendar.Their hours do vary with the academic calendar; so if you're traveling far, or not sure, it doesn't hurt to call.  They also host musical acts/shows/poetry events on their stage on the weekends, so beware if that's a deterrent, or enjoy! if it's not.  You can also check their Facebook page and website for updates and hours.
<review# 333,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2013,12/12/2013,31,43,2,5,1>Keystone gets 5 stars based mostly on the fact that I have never craved a restaurant's food as often as I crave Keystone's mac & cheese and those ridiculous loaded chips. It's probably a good thing that this place isn't closer to home, as I would most likely weigh an additional 20 pounds. They always have a great beer selection, service is legit, and the food is friggn delicious.
<review# 334,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2013,12/11/2013,48,174,3,7,2>A nice place to grab a cuppa  and catch up with a girlfriend! The tea selection is good and the bites are light but delicious as well. I've seen wider selections at other tea and tea houses, but everything I've tried at Mrs Teapots has been good, so they excel at what they chose to put on the menu!I've never had a wait here but be sure to check with them ahead of time as their hours are kind of wonky and tend to just be for lunch. I thought that when the clock strikes four, everything stops for tea. But unfortunately that's when Mrs Teapots is closing their doors.As far as the service I've had a mixed experience. Sometimes the staff are super friendly and helpful and sometimes you feel terrible for even bothering them with your patronage. I continue to give this tea shop a chance and hope that they'll be happy to put on a kettle for me with a smile next time I'm in!
<review# 335,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2013,12/10/2013,17,77,3,6,4>Amazing. Huge selection of wines priced everywhere from 8 selections at $6 a glass all the way up to well...the I can't afford range.  We sat at the bar for drinks and mussels this past Saturday night. The mussels are phenomenal like everyone says. We tried the Napoli (tomato sauce with basil) along the house baked bread. So mussels start at $14-15 and go up from there plus bread is $3.75. The question you have to ask is, is it worth $18-20 on the whole since don't even think about getting the mussels without the bread. After enjoying a large pot of mussels soaked in delicious sauce and not leaving a bit of bread behind either we say yes. Other places have dry mussels with some caked on butter and terrible bread but still justify $10-12. Spend the extra $8 since you're already out for the night an enjoy yourself truly. If treating it as an appetizer (as we did) then one pot should be good for 2 (but I wouldn't judge you for getting your own). While the bar area and front of house can get a little loud, it's by no means deafening. I want a place to have some life in it, and zula sure delivers. Great vibe, great food, great drinks. Oh they have all the rhinegheist beers on tap too. Will be back again and again.
<review# 336,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2013,12/9/2013,9,89,1,4,2>This is the place to go for Mexican food in the area!The food is delicious!  The whole place has an authentic feel to it.  The staff is very friendly.  The food came out very quickly once ordered.  They were not very busy when I was there but my friends tell me even when they are busy the food is delivered to the table hot and quickly.The ambiance is light and fun.If you follow my reviews none are complete without a statement about the value!  It's true, I'm cheap.  :)  This place is priced very well and they even have coupons online.  The food is worth every penny and more.  So stop reading this review and go there!
<review# 337,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2013,12/8/2013,142,162,7,8,4>Currently nursing a food baby from having just got back from Shaan. As usual I come here and leave with tomorrow's lunch. Love that you can get two solid meals out of an entree here. As with most Indian food, portions look small but end up being very filling, especially when there are unlimited rice refills!I was excited to get my 7th free entree tonight (racked up 6 stamps on my dinner card... have I really been here 7 times already? That should speak for itself). I was craving spice, so I went with a 5 (6 = maximum spiciness) for the Saag Choley, held my breath, dug in and... it was not spicy at all. I don't even know if it's possible to make spicy saag? It's usually more creamy than spicy. My craving unfulfilled, I drowned my sorrows in a mango lassi to-go (makes so much sense, I know). My favorite is probably the Aloo Choley--if you get it mild, the flavor is phenomenal. For vegetarians, the Bartha (spicy eggplant) is delicious, but you'll have a hard time finding the suuuper finely-minced eggplants unless you came with a magnifying glass. So for something more substantial, go with any of your favorite chicken or lamb dishes--you are in good hands here.
<review# 338,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2013,12/7/2013,211,416,,5,2>I heard that El Cholula had carnitas which is not a prototypical Cincinnati Mexican restaurant menu item, so I went to check them out.I liked the carnitas. There were a couple of options and I chose the one with jalapenos. Holy moly, those were hot (as the server had warned). He wasn't joking. Not to worry if you're avoiding extra scovilles, there's a less spicy version. But overall the carnitas were tender and juicy.Other than that, a pretty solid Mexican option. Clean restaurant, fast service, standard menu fare with a few variations to keep it interesting.
<review# 339,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2013,12/6/2013,39,68,,5,3>Overall, Nada is delicious.  I have never had a bad meal here and the menu has great uniqueness and variety.  As other reviews have mentioned, the chips are awesome, warm, and crispy.  Very oily though so they have to be terrible for you.  The guacamole is also great here as is the mac and cheese appetizer.  I have had several different kinds of tacos here and all have been great.  The barbacoa tacos were probably my favorite just for the awesome combination of flavors present.  For me, Nada is a treat because it is VERY difficult to order a healthy meal here and it is also a little on the pricey side.  One of my favorite things about Nada, however, is their happy hour drink menu.  It is simple, cheap, and unique with options made with top-shelf liquor that you don't normally see at happy hours.  Finally, the atmosphere here is amazing.  There was obviously some serious cash put in to the design of this place.  Modern decor is all over and the restaurant has an awesome 2-level setup that you have to see.Perfect for a business lunch or date night.  Give Nada a try for a unique take on Mexican.
<review# 340,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2013,12/5/2013,21,165,,7,1>If I was to open a bar, this is the vibe I'd want.  Good food, nice people, on the verge of being a dive.  Not really trying to be anything it's not.  I love the odds/ends memorabilia that makes up the bar itself.  Pictures, ticket stubs, magazine covers, all laminated into the bar makes it fun.  Everyone there was watching the game, wearing their Reds gear and disappointed with the loss.  It seemed like a lot of regulars here, and I might make myself one of them.Smoked wings are very unique and very good!  They've won the "Best Wings in Cincinnati" award for a reason!!  Put some in your face!
<review# 341,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/16/2013,12/4/2013,135,164,1,5,2>Purty cool place to eat.  Cincinnati needs more dining places like this.The decor in this restaurant is pretty neat. There is lots of rustic/diy touches such as hanging old window panes to act as room dividers and old metal barrels that have been cut in half and used as light fixtures.  Before my lunch order came out, the waitress brought out some chips and salsa for the table.  The chips had a nice seasoning mix on it that added a touch of heat.  The salsa tasted house made and very tomatoey - yurm.  I ordered the house Margarita which was supposed to have jalapeno in it.  It was a bit on the sweet side and didn't seem to have much heat to it. I ordered two tacos as my main course.  The first was a fish taco.  It was a fairly large fillet that was fried and topped with a finely shredded pickley mixture and some hot mayo.  It was quite good.  The second taco was the Al Pastor - pork and pineapple.  What made this taco stand out from any other al pastor dish was the shredded mint on top.  The mint gave the taco more depth and incredible freshness.  I also ordered the jalapeno bacon cornbread and the donut balls with chocolate sauce.  I wasn't impressed with either.  The jalapeno bacon cornbread had a weird strong aftertaste of coffee that I couldn't shake.  The donuts were very undonuty.  They were practically raw in the center.  The chocolate sauce was interesting though.  It was like a bitter mexican chocolate.  I'd def go back for the tacos and maybe try some of their other cocktails.
<review# 342,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/4/2013,12/3/2013,103,130,2,3,2>How have I never thought to make an sausage, egg, and cheese sandwich with blueberry waffles instead of toast!!!!I can't believe I've worked a block and a half away for over a year, and I've never really even heard of this place! I decided to go their on the recommendation of my co-worker (she was talking about a different Tucker's, but we'll get to that later - and now I feel like I'm in How I Met Your Mother).Anyways, this place is very easy to miss, but it's at 13th & Jackson - there's a big Tuckers sign attached to the building - just walk right in the door if the 'OPEN' sign is on. The space is small, but it looks like a dinner, and they make the food right in front of you.  And it's super extremely cheap.  I got an egg/sausage/cheese sandwich (with a waffle instead of toast), with a hash brown, and a bottle of water for $5!!! Holy crap! It's a decent size sandwich too, with two pieces of sausage!The atmosphere is really casual, you walk in and there's a server person sometimes, but sometimes the guy making the food just asks what you want and gets to it.  I went in and there weren't many people, so I got my food in about 5 minutes, and was in and out in about 15 minutes. They also had a TV with a movie on: Gremlins Two. I imagine they change the movie, but if those are the kinds of movies they play, that's pretty sweet!
<review# 343,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2013,11/26/2013,150,417,1,9,5>I am a seeker of things that are classified as "quirky, off the beaten path, haunted, odd or adventuresome." I stumbled across this little gem when I was searching for something off the ol' dusty trail and it was a pleasant little surprise. Most of you probably drive past it on the daily and never even realized it was here... I'm just guessing, since I'm the first person to review this serene little place. :) Finding the place was pretty easy but it's tucked back on a hillside so even if you passed right by it, you'd only see the front of it, and you will probably miss the gravel driveway on the first visit. When you pull in, there is a big open lot next to a house and you'll see the sign telling you about the place. There is a large statue of Jesus with his back to you and a huge cross behind him. As you walk closer to him, you notice what it is that he is facing, and it is absolutely beautiful. There was an amazing view of the Cincinnati skyline, and right now is the perfect time to go up there because the leaves are changing colors. It was almost as if we were staring across at a beautiful painted canvas of colors and abstract buildings. So peaceful. To top it off, on that hill there are a few picnic tables laid about. Talk about a great place to have a picnic!! So by now you're probably asking what, exactly, is the Garden of Hope? Well, it's a replica of what Jesus' tomb looked like with a small chapel on site. All of things I'd mentioned above are sitting on the top of the tomb. You walk down the stone laid stairs to a neat area that takes you back to the times when Jesus was buried. You can walk to a wrought iron gate that gives you the view inside the tomb with flowers and a sign that says, "He is not here, He has risen."There are a couple of other buildings on the site, and worth checking out on a lazy Sunday. If you call ahead there is a sign that says they offer free guided tours. Since I had just stumbled onto this place I wasn't aware of that yet so self guided tour it was. We encountered a plaster cat, a real snake and beautiful flowers on our visit too. The best thing about this little gem, besides the view, is the cost. FREE!!!
<review# 344,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2013,11/25/2013,229,539,4,4,3>We were there with a large party last night and the whole experience was excellent! From booking to execution everything was top notch!! I booked my reservation for 26 a few weeks in advance. They said they would try their best to give us a private room and that they did. It was the perfect size for our group! I really liked that they called a couple of days in advance to make sure that nothing had changed. Bill was really awesome! You HAVE to get their MANGO DAIQUIRI! You must! must! must! I have never felt more passionately about an alcoholic beverage in my entire life! It was the best drink I have ever had. The sangria was also a hit amongst the party. I got the fajitas and those too were some of the best fajitas ever. Loved the taste and cut of the meat. Yum-O! My husband had the chimichurri which he did not care for (hence the one star deduction). He said the meat was tough and the sauce lacked taste. I felt bad for him but I got over it when I remembered the fabulous daiquiri that I continued to enjoy. Did I mention you have to try it?Prices were a smidge on the high side. I wanted to try their signature filet but I could not justify the $36. We got out of there spending about $75 with drinks, dinner and a shared dessert. I thought it was worth it. Over all...the experience was great! I highly recommend them for a casual dinner or a large group. We will be back!!!
<review# 345,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2013,11/24/2013,64,340,1,6,3>My dad recently bought dinner for my entire family after losing a bet. He didn't think it was possible to have a girl with the Paff name, but our sweet little daughter proved him wrong. My brother's girlfriend was the one who started the bet with him, so she got to pick the restaurant for our night out. She picked Aladdin's Eatery, a Middle Eastern restaurant that she has been wanting us all to try.Surprisingly my wife and I managed to get the kids ready and beat everyone to the restaurant. We were greeted by a very friendly man behind the register, who I assume to be the owner or manager. Once I said we were waiting on the rest of our group, he directed us towards a reserved table in the back of the small room and asked that we have a seat.Once everyone in our party had arrived we started with the vegetarian combo appetizer of hummus, tabouli, baba ghanoush, falafel, and dawali (stuffed grape leaves). The delicious sample of hummus was gone quickly, so we ordered another plate of the delightful chickpea purée along with a few more baskets of pita.In my experience, most Middle Eastern restaurants do not offer a kids menu, but Aladdin's does, which was a welcome surprise. Our two-year-old loves grilled cheese and enjoyed his grilled cheddar cheese pita with fruit. His plate was served before the rest of ours, so he was able to eat while we continued to enjoy our appetizers.Aladdin's offers some unique items that I have never seen on other similar restaurant menus. The first items that really stood out to me are their pita pitzas, which use either hummus or some combination of dressings as the sauce for this take on pizza. The other isn't quite as unique, but isn't something I haven't seen before, rolled pitas. These remind me of sandwich wraps in that the pita used is thin and resembles a tortilla.After being impressed with Aladdin's falafel from our appetizer sampler, I ordered the falafel rolled. In addition to the mildly spicy falafel patties, the rolled sandwich is topped with greens, tomato, turnips, pickles, and tahini yogurt dressing.Aside from the delicious falafel, the one ingredient that stood out the most to me were the pickled turnips. We actually had a plate of veggies with our appetizers, and I was surprised by how much I liked the turnips. They added some interesting texture and a great flavor to the roll. I think next time I would order this with either hummus or baba ghanoush added, which are both rolls offered on the menu as well.My wife ordered the chicken sambusek plate, which combines grilled curry chicken with onions, peas, herbs and spices, which is then folded into a pita pie topped with diced tomato, and scallions. This was easily my favorite of what I sampled. The curry and spices added a wonderful flavor to the chicken and vegetable mixture. The plate comes served with mixed greens, sliced tomatoes, mushrooms, calamata olives, and your choice of dressing. The sambuseks can also be ordered as an appetizer.Aladdin's Eatery has some unique and tasty takes of Middle Eastern food, but still excels at the more traditional items. And it does all of this at an affordable price. Highly recommended.
<review# 346,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2012,11/23/2013,189,158,2,1,2>Two words: CHEESE TASTING.No, I'm not talking about a formal event. I'm talking about every day at Krause's. Krause's has fantastic, amazing cheeses, so many things you've never heard of before. And if you've never heard of it before, how do you know if you want to serve it at your dinner party? You don't--unless you taste it. Which is why, all you have to do is ask, and they will slice off a bit of whatever you want to try. Especially when it's not busy (when it IS busy, like on the weekends, it can get a bit hectic). But I've been there during the week when it was slow, and it was a fantastic opportunity to try (and buy) a number of new cheeses.If you are looking for some interesting options for a wine and cheese plate, you absolutely should go to Krause's.
<review# 347,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2013,11/22/2013,1,15,2,4,2>Why, oh why did it take me this long to stop by for a $5 wine tasting? My boyfriend and I recently decided to stop by Market Wines while we waited for a table for Saturday brunch at Pho Lang Tang (how else would you kill 20 minutes?) and my are we glad we did. The shop is just lovely, with a well varied selection of wines AND craft beers to satisfy any palate. For $5 you get to try 4 wines and if you're lucky Mike the owner will be around to chat with you about every one of them and give you awesome details about what makes the wine special. There is usually music on the weekends which sometimes could be a miss/hit depending on what you like. If beer is your thing, they've got you covered too. They have a very decent selection of bottled craft beers from around the country and they also have craft been on tap. Every Monday there's usually a beer event that often comes with a keg take over. All in all an awesome place. It has officially become my favorite place to hang out in Cincy!
<review# 348,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2013,11/21/2013,0,62,,4,3>A taste of home. We visited on a weekend morning around 8am. Busy! Our paety of 2 was seated at the farm table (holds 10) with another group of 5. It was a little awkward at first,  but the homestyle atmosphere soon calmed our experience. Coffee is nothing special, but food was outstanding.  We tried pancakes, sausage gravy, biscuits,  hash browns, and eggs. All were wonderful. Im a big eater, and we still took home over half of our meals. Two of us ate for under 20 bucks, What a value! Overall, strongly recomended for a quaint breakfast spot in historic Waynesville.
<review# 349,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2013,11/20/2013,125,1068,,5,3>I absolutely love this place! We come here very often to hike and hang out downtown.  The area is very laid back. I'd say a majority of people that live here are earth/nature friendly. The downtown area has small markets, shopping, and dining. Community is small and feel very safe to walk around at night.  A must visit!!!!
<review# 350,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2013,11/19/2013,22,197,,2,4>Wow the mix of Flavors, size of portions, service and fair pricing make this an excellent choice, especially for a to go order, the place is small and humble but warm and full of flavor and love
<review# 351,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/14/2013,11/18/2013,181,524,,3,2>Main Cup is a cute and quirky little coffee shop. It has an old-timey feel to it, with shelves of fun ceramic mugs and tea pots, and other fun goods, as well as a lot of coffee beans that you can purchase to bring home. There are some fun pastry and baked goods, and the standard coffee shop drinks, plus smoothies. Nice place to grab a drink and catch up with a friend.
<review# 352,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2013,11/17/2013,19,21,,3,2>I love this place! It looks so small from the outside, but it's actually pretty big. My 20-month-old daughter was so excited about the chairs and table that were her size. There is a big wooden train with windows and a passageway through the whole thing, which we played in and around for at least 20 minutes. There were stuffed animals to go with book themes, all very cute. They had different sections of the bookstore for the older kids, with age-appropriate seating for each. I found some sweet little books and would have gotten 4 or 5 books, but I decided to limit it to 2. I'm very happy with my purchase and although I feel that I probably could find these books cheaper on amazon.com, I'm much happier to support a local business, especially one with such charm!As I was checking out, a lady arrived with a present and said she was there for the birthday party. The nice girl who was checking me out pointed her in the direction of another part of the shop, which I hadn't gone into (I think it was the cafe?). I will definitely check them out online for more info on parties and possibly have my daughter's 2nd birthday party here. As it was, I had to bribe and coax my daughter out of the store so she obviously enjoyed it too. My sister was with us and we each exclaimed over and over the adorableness of each new thing we saw. We will definitely be coming back!
<review# 353,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/29/2013,11/16/2013,58,439,,8,2>The Spa at the 21c Hotel is located on the 10th floor of the hotel and is the closest I've come to feeling like I'm on vacation while right here in Cincinnati. Is it pricey? Oh yes it is. Is it the highest-end luxury spa experience available in Cincinnati? Oh yes it is.If you're not a guest at the hotel, you can get free valet parking for your spa appt. and then check in with the front desk to get buzzed up to the 10th floor on the elevator. Then up another flight of stairs to the spa itself. The waiting room is small and the chairs are actually quite uncomfortable, but the service is immediate and gracious. I had a special package for this visit which included a body scrub, soaking bath, massage, and steam shower for a reduced price. All the services took place in a private suite with 2 tables (one for the scrub and one for the massage), a massive soaking, jetted tub, and walk-in steam shower. It really added to the luxury for me that everything happened in one private room, including changing before & after, and the same therapist performed all services.The body scrub was one of my favorite parts--vastly superior to others I've had in Vichy rooms, because you're not cold and wet. She used a vanilla sugar/salt scrub and scrubbed pretty much everywhere a thong bikini doesn't cover (note: if you're not comfortable having your stomach touched, mention it beforehand). The soaking tub was truly massive, but that experience left a bit to be desired. First, getting in and out of it was downright dangerous while oiled up/wet--you have to climb over a wide marble edge and then it's a fairly deep step even on to the bench portion. I actually slipped and bruised the inside of both thighs pretty badly. So be careful! They really should add a rail and/or more gradual step-in. Also, I would request a slightly cooler temperature next time, it was uncomfortably hot for me.The other big miss for me was the time between the bath and the massage. The therapist gave me a 5 minute courtesy knock to get out of the tub/dry off/get on to the massage bed, but then didn't actually come back in for at least 10+ minutes. Meanwhile, I'm feeling like a boiled lobster, going from the very hot bath to face-down on the heated massage table, covered with a blanket. Even sitting up just wrapped in a sheet, I was too warm. The therapist was appropriately concerned when she came in and put some cold stones on me to help me cool down. After that, I really enjoyed the massage. The service concluded with 15 minutes in the steam shower. I would have much preferred longer in there vs. the bath (25 minutes) as I felt like I had to actually shower/wash and try to enjoy the steam within the allotted time. That was the one downside of the all-in-one private suite as I felt some urgency to wrap it up and get dressed quickly to free up the room.Overall, it was an amazing, luxurious and pampering experience, with just a few misses away from perfection. Prices are sky-high compared to anywhere else in Cincinnati, but for a very special treat (or if you can find a special), it's an experience I would definitely recommend. To really make a day of it,  check out the artwork on the first and second floors and maybe even grab lunch at Metropole before or after.
<review# 354,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2013,11/15/2013,311,349,,5,2>I might be a little over eager on this one, but I REALLY like this place. First of all - it is gorgeous. Japanese/modern decor. Long sushi bar, alcohol bar, plenty of tables, a whole area for hibachi, dim lighting... seriously perfect for any occasion - eating by yourself, grabbing a drink, large groups, a date, etc. Okay so it's in West Chester in a strip mall... not the most ideal or picturesque location - but once you're inside - who cares?Service is stellar - food comes out in a timely fashion (sometimes sushi can take a while). The manager came around to check in on every table - always a plus. The food was delicious and fresh. I got miso soup, an avocado salad (with a delicious ginger dressing), and a sushi roll with super fresh tasty fish. They serve fresh wasabi which I have never had before - they also serve the paste. The menu is lengthy - I need to come back and try more deliciousness!
<review# 355,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2013,11/14/2013,52,101,3,4,3>When I first heard of BD's Mongolian BBQ I thought of barbecue sauce which instinctively made me happy. I mean, who doesn't love barbecue sauce? I know I do! Unfortunately BD's is as much of a barbecue joint as Panda Express. However, unlike Panda Express, BD's doesn't suck big fat crab rangoons.Mongolian BBQ actually refers to a style of cooking where meat and vegetables are stir-fried on a large solid iron griddle. I generally don't like stir-fry but BD's wins me over by presenting itself as a veritable buffet. So here's how it works: you get an empty bowl and fill it sky high from a selection of raw meats and vegetables that will soon be cooked on the large aforementioned griddle in front of you. There are also multiple sauces, seasonings, raw garlic, and other goodies to choose from as well. After watching your culinary creation stir-fried up to perfection you are free to return to your table to gorge and let happiness ensue.I used to love to come here and cram as much steak as I could into that bowl but the days of eating animal flesh are behind me. Now when I'm here I go crazy on the water chestnuts, carrots, potatoes, onions, beans sprouts, and I'm very liberal with my favorite sauce in the entire building: Mongolian Ginger. The cooks will clean the grill and cook your vegetables separate from the meat upon request which makes BD's a great place to come for vegans and non-vegans alike!I love everything about this place and would almost venture to say it's one of my favorite places to eat! If you've never dined here before you are missing out on a truly unique culinary experience! The only unfavorable thing about BD's is there is only one location in Cincinnati and its way up north in Mason. This place would do so well in Rookwood. Or right across the street from my apartment...
<review# 356,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2012,11/13/2013,4,15,2,2,2>Every time I drive past this place and my windows are down, my mouth starts to water from the smell of delicious fried chicken. The orange neon signs on the windows only further my hunger with words like, "Sweet potato pie" and "Homemade peach cobbler." So I finally tried it last night. And oh my goodness. The food was amazing! I was amazed at how truly delicious the meal was, considering it was so inexpensive. I had the mild 3 piece chicken meal with the cornbread and 2 sides. I was a little overwhelmed when choosing a side because they all sounded great. I decided on the greens and macaroni and cheese. I've never had collard greens before and found them a little astringent in taste, but I actually really liked it. The mac and cheese was really good... Penne-style noodles that really held the cheese. My meal was $5.50, which was crazy! I didn't even eat all of it, so I have leftovers for lunch today.My boyfriend had the spicy 2 piece chicken meal with cornbread and one side, which was red beans and rice. Forget what you know about red beans and rice, because this was the best I've ever had! (Way better than Popeye's.) Also, the spicy chicken was not crazy spicy, it was very subtle. I preferred the mild, but both were good.I split a piece of the sweet potato pie and a small serving of peach cobbler with my boyfriend. When I say small, I really mean small (We each had about 3 bites). But it was served warm and gooey and not overly sweet. The sweet potato pie was not overly sweet, but creamy and subtle in the sweet potato taste. All in all we ate til we were full, had dessert and leftovers, all for $12. We will definitely go back and try some of their other offerings, like fried catfish and candied yams. I cannot wait!
<review# 357,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2012,11/12/2013,31,19,,2,2>Hitching Post is our go-to weekend breakfast. It's very 'down-home' with plenty of your basic breakfast offerings, plus a little more. My boyfriend loves the corned beef hash (not on the menu, just always a breakfast special) and I usually go for a meal of hash browns covered with ham, mushrooms, cheddar cheese, and an over-easy egg -yum! My meal comes with a side of 2 kettle cakes which I believe is biscuit dough that they fry like donuts and toss in powdered sugar. It's a great way to get a lil sweetness at the end of your savory breakfast. They have nice strong coffee and fancy creamers on the table (caramel macchiato?? Yes, please!) Service is friendly and efficient with the owner very present, often helping ring people out or refilling coffee. If you're looking for a quick, hearty, home cooked breakfast -Hitching Post gets it done!
<review# 358,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2013,11/11/2013,45,29,2,2,2>Just moved to the area and kept passing it on the way to work. Boyfriend and I love Mexican food and just good food in general and decided to stop by last night. The food was great. It was quick and it was so juicy. We both got the mix of tacos. - 1 fish 1 pork and 1 steak. I got double on the steak as I'm not a fish person. David loved the fish and my fav was the pork. Wish they had a chicken option. Def coming back to try something new!!! Atmosphere is really cool and relaxed. Margs reminded us of cancun! They have only been open for a month so come by and try it! The owner walked table to table talking to his customer. You can tell he really takes pride in his restaurant.
<review# 359,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2013,11/10/2013,43,175,,5,1>I was being lazy but needed to bring dessert to a small get-together. Went to Gigi's for the first time. They open til 8 on Saturdays. At 6 they still had a great selection. They are $3.25 each.  (I noticed a fall box special for $10.99 but you don't get to pick. Still is a good deal though.) we got a nice assortment. They were beautiful and delicious. I ate the red velvet cupcake which was divine :0). Not overly sweet frosting and very fluffy/light!As a bonus, when I checked in on yelp I got a coupon for a future cupcake!
<review# 360,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2013,11/9/2013,86,72,2,2,2>I LOVE LOVE LOVE this place. The BBQ is mouthwatering-ly good. Best BBQ in Cincinnati. I always get the pulled pork sandwich and play around with the sides - and everything has been great so far. My favorites are the baked beans and grits.This place is BYOB and they do NOT provide cups. I learned this the hard way when I brought a lovely bottle of wine that I wound up drinking out of their condiment cups. There is seating inside, complete with record player and old school vinyl records. There is also a tent outside that they heat when it is cool and plenty of grass to put down a blanket.This is cash or check only so be prepared!
<review# 361,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2013,11/8/2013,46,254,3,3,3>Due to them closing so early this is the first time I've been able to stop in here. They say they might extend their hours in Fall and I sure hope they do because I'm really digging this place!I asked what was good and after telling me the obvious that everything is good, the lavender mocha was recommended to me. I was a tiny bit skeptical, normally I'm not too into odd flavor combinations or mocha, but I went with it. Delicious! Amazing! Mmm, mmm, good! Go get some now! The mocha wasn't overpowering and the lavender just added a perfect subtle floral sweetness (not really sure how to explain it). Now that I know I like their mocha I'll have to try their Nutella Mocha next time. I confess that I don't know how to ride a bike (no judging!), but if you're into bikes you should definitely check out the bike part of the shop. It looks really nifty.NKY is totally lacking in the local coffee shop department so I hope their hours get extended so I can enjoy them more often!
<review# 362,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/29/2013,11/7/2013,43,96,3,3,3>Fun bar especially on Wednesday summers. Mug Club are the only nights I have been here so I cannot speak for the others. Mug Club was a great deal $5 for a mug then $2 for a refill but they raised the prices to $3.25, now its an OK deal. But other than that it is a great time. Rain or shine in the summer expect a crowd and on a nice day the line to get in stretches down the block so come early and beat the rush. They have TV's lining the outside and inside walls so you do not have to miss the Reds game. The inside has a second floor with tables and stools. A good way to avoid the line is to take advantage of the waitresses roaming around so bring cash. Also as a suggestion if you do use them you might want to sharpie your name on your mug since they all pretty much look alike. Help your self with some free popcorn.
<review# 363,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2013,11/6/2013,16,184,,5,2>Been wanting to stop in for weeks now and finally got a chance to today.  What a cute place!  It's very french looking, clean, light and fresh decor. The owners clearly put a lot of work and love into this place (which I  kind of already knew because I saw them in there late at night before the grand opening getting it ready!).  It's very impressive upon walking in- very fancy!They had a small selection of cookies and about 6 or 7 different flavors of cupcakes to choose from.  They have small cupcakes (can be eaten in 2 bites) for $1.75 which is nice if you want to feel quasi-guilt free after eating a delicious cupcake :)  I had the Tropical and the Heath bar cupcake and they were great!  The flavors are up on the chalk board and the prices can be found on a little rate sheet in front of the register.There is some seating inside and a few tables with umbrellas outside as well.  A great addition to downtown Loveland- hoping they stay around for awhile!
<review# 364,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/25/2013,11/5/2013,94,404,,6,2>Swampwater Grill offers a mixed bag.  Given the slim pickings for Cajun and Creole food in the Cincinnati area, I consider that a compliment.The restaurant is housed in what seems like the out-of-the-way Riverside Centre Antique Mall down on Kellogg Avenue, although it's actually only about four minutes from Mt. Lookout Square.  Several restaurants have been housed in this space in the six years we've lived in Cincinnati, including a downhome country-cookin' place and the western-themed Wyatt's Bar and Grill.  Swampwater looks almost identical to the dark, woody Wyatt's inside, with a long bar and big TV's tuned to sports.  The only difference seems to be the addition of some bayou fishing gear and crustacean knick-knacks.  The food is truly hit-or-miss.  The crawfish pies are strongly recommended; they have a nice flaky crust and bold flavor.  The oyster po-boy came loaded with nicely-fried oysters, although if the doughy, submarine-sandwich-like bread was inapprorpriate.  The "blackened" fish was properly cooked and tasty.  Hand-cut fries aren't Cajun/Creole, but they're good here.  But a couple of the basic Cajun and Creole standards didn't quite succeed.  Red beans and rice were nicely stewed down but lacked punch, and the Cajun-style gumbo seemed to have a good, fussed-over dark roux but otherwise lacked the layering of flavors that characterizes great gumbo--it was pretty one-dimensional and badly oversalted.  And the andouille sausage in it was pretty bland.Service is proficient and pleasant enough, but it'd be nice if they all were fully committed to the food.  We overheard a server telling the next table, when asked about various menu items, "I'm not really a salad guy," and "I'm not really a seafood guy."  Not being a "seafood guy" is sort of a handicap when you work at a Cajun/Creole restaurant.Swampwater Grill's menu also has a BBQ section, which we haven't sampled.  Our understanding is that Swampwater Grill's owner is from Plaquemines Parish, Louisiana, which is certainly promising.  But we were told by a server that he pops in to check on things only every few weeks.  Maybe he should pop in more often, because the positives here suggest that this restaurant could be really good.
<review# 365,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2013,11/4/2013,94,140,3,3,2>This is a great place for a relaxing evening.  The decor is standard for a wine shop but everything else is exceptional.  The walls are lined with countless bottles to choose from and seating is ample.  The service is friendly and helpful.  One warning, every time I have been here it is freezing inside.  Make sure to bring a sweater if you tend to be cold like me.  There are weekly wine flights that are generally pretty clever and timely.  For example, on the week of mother's day all of the wine in the flight was from vineyards ran by women.  My favorite was when the pope was elected.  All of the flight options were from areas that past popes were born.  So creative!  They bring out the wine flights one by one (instead of 5 glasses at once), which I think is awesome.  It allows you to really enjoy the wine instead of hopping from one to the next.  The flights are a great deal at $10.  They also have bottles and glasses available for purchase.    The food here is great!  I especially like that they have so many cheese options (pizza, brie, pesto alfedo dip, etc).  What can I say, I do love cheese.  We have dined here several times and my food has always been delicious!Not into wine?  That's okay here.  They have a few handles that feature unique craft beers, as well as an impression selection of bottles to be purchased.  Make sure to check their calendar for weekly specials, such as ladies night or live music.  I am unsure of what this location was formerly, but there is a drive-thru window.  Every time I come I am hopeful that drive-thru wine is an option.  Not yet, but maybe someday!
<review# 366,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2013,11/3/2013,36,83,,6,2>I was let in on the hidden find of this place a few weeks ago.This place offers a variety of salon/spa services for super cheap.  when I called to make an appointment, I was happy to find that when I called, there were a variety of available appointment times to schedule.  I chose to have the $15 pedicure...which also included a bottle of OPI polish. Considering the fact that most salons around the city charge $40+...it is a steal.  The only downfall is that since the services are done by students, they are extremely thorough....which equals almost 2 hours for a pedicure!
<review# 367,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2013,11/2/2013,188,104,3,6,2>Few things say Cincinnati more than Findlay Market and goetta. Eckerlin's is your ticket for both. It's the butcher that has a storefront closest to the parking lot and outside of the main drag of the market with all the stalls inside. Now, if you don't know what goetta is, you've been missing out on life - you'd be surprised at how good it can be. Let's just say it's the breakfast meat you have probably never heard of or ever tried but you'll be glad you did. It has German-American origins, and it's largely a Cincinnati tradition that hasn't seemed to "make it" outside of the Greater Cincinnati area. What makes goetta special is that on top of a sausage made with ground pork (and other ground meats) and seasonings, the early German-American immigrants added STEELCUT OATMEAL to it. Sure, take that pause to really think about it. Keep an open mind and try it anyway! It won't disappoint. ESPECIALLY if you buy it at Eckerlin's. The chalkboard on the sidewalk outside the butcher shop claims that their goetta is 'award-winning." Now, I don't know who awarded what award to them, but it is truly well-deserved. The seasoning blend is earthy and just salty enough, and it all pan-fries so beautifully in a frying pan. I really am tempted to go back and buy some more...Also, the service is really top-notch. All the butchers are really patient and willing to work with what you want, even if you can't verbalize it. They will give you as little or as much as you want of the goetta, and it's not that expensive either. When I bought it, it was $4.19/lb which is cheaper than what the butcher shops inside Findlay were selling it for. Finally, they have $5 deli sandwiches, using Watson and Dietz meats which just reminds me of my days in Philly. I got the turkey pastrami hot on rye, and it comes with their homemade sauerkraut too. It was also made with such love on the grilltop - well worth the $5!
<review# 368,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2013,11/1/2013,112,240,3,3,4>It took me long enough to write a review for Dusmesh, especially since it's the most frequented Indian restaurant I visit.Dusmesh is definitely the best Indian I've had in Cincinnati, and easily tops all the five trillion Indian competitors in the area.The secret of being great? The rice is unlike any other. Super moist, fresh, and buttery. Yeah that's right. Butter!I don't recommend the lunch buffet here. It's not from a range of good options on their menu, and a lot of it is just safe...which is understandable. But with buffets, it's hard to show your full potential and quality, so I say you pass this and just grab a coupon from CityBeat to get a discount on your dinner. It helps-- a lot.My favorite Indian dish is the saag. If you like the creamy stuff, I recommend it. I get it with any of the meats or mushroom if I'm feeling mossy...C.K. likes to get the vindaloo, which upon my last visit, was delicious. It's pretty tangy, and less likely to make you feel groggy than, maybe something more thick and creamy like my dearest saag.Jalfrezi is also good! Naan is good! Samosa is good! But above all, you can't go wrong with the rice that comes with your dish...
<review# 369,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/8/2013,10/31/2013,28,62,,3,2>I have passed this place a number of times and never knew it was there. It's the kind of place that seems to be hidden in plan sight, more like a hidden treasure. I had heard of it and set out on a journey to fond this place one Saturday evening. I scoped out the menu before heading out and I was very excited to find this place. When we got there the inside layout was amazing, fancy layout... We ordered the Stag fries for an appetizers and I ordered the pblt for an entree. The stag fries should come with a disclaimer saying "warning: this must be split between groups of 4 or greater" because between 2 people they are way too much as an appetizer. I was only able to eat a few bites of the pblt and from those few bites I was impressed with the taste, especially since I am a sucker for pork belly. If you are looking for a place to unwind on a week night, check out tellers of Hyde park.
<review# 370,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2013,10/30/2013,44,227,2,2,2>Dojo Gelato is the end to a lot of good things- a successful day at the market, a great meal, or an otherwise bland afternoon. I like the Vietnamese coffee, vanilla, starchiatella (standard-ish fare) but love their combinations. The peanut butter and jelly, peanut butter and siracha (see a pb theme here and my totally lack of awareness of how to spell that tasty hot sauce). I've had great sweet, savory, and otherwise traditional flavors here. Typically, though I do love what they're slinging, I split a small with the husband because I find it keeps me from feeling overwhelmed. Also, I always want more the next time around. The flavors are intense, fulfilling, interesting. Love this place!
<review# 371,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2013,10/29/2013,213,90,4,7,4>HIGHLY RECOMMEND!Due to a combination of clumsiness and (some) inebriation, I completely shattered the front screen of my iPhone 4S.  The phone was still fully functional but the display was shattered.  The phone fell so hard that some of the hardware was exposed on the bottom left side of the phone.  I came to iRepair not only because of the good reviews they have, but also because they had the best deal in town!  Competitors have prices up to $150 but iRepair only charges $89.99 for the full replacement of the front plate/screen.  Yelp offers a deal to buy a $10 coupon for $5, so make sure to take advantage of this!  There is no appointment necessary.  I walked in on a Tuesday afternoon and my phone was completely fixed to mint condition in 30 minutes.  There was one problem, however.  When I received my phone, the front and back plates were a little loose, causing the phone to make a clicking sound when I squeezed the two sides of the phone together.  iRepair was extremely helpful when I came back (on the same day) to address the problem.  They fiddled with my phone for a bit but when they found that there was a problem with the screws, they also replaced the back of my phone free of charge!  Great customer service.  The workers are very knowledgeable and honest.  They also have a 90-day warranty on any of their repairs.  Highly recommend this place for any phone repairs!
<review# 372,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/2/2013,10/28/2013,68,127,2,2,2>What a neat place! A great farm tucked away so much so that you will miss it if you drive by too fast. Great place to take the kids and enjoy all sorts of activities. "Fall on the Farm" is always fun, with tons of fall activities and tasty treats. Pumpkin prices are pretty good too! If you go on the weekends, more of the attractions will be open but during the week there is essentially no one there so that is fun as well. Fall is the best time of year and enjoying a visit to this farm should definitely be on your to-do list!
<review# 373,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2013,10/27/2013,74,158,2,4,2>Do you have a craving for Asian food? Do you love craft beer? Do you love bad kung-fu movies? If you said yes to any (or all) of these then get yourself to Amerasia stat! Anytime the Chinese-food cravings hit me, I make my way to Amerasia for some how fun noodles. Note: you won't find these on the menu, but trust me, you can get them at any time! I also recommend asking for them extra crispy. The head chef is a noodle guru and makes them all himself from scratch. While I've never had a bad menu item, I never order anything but how fun noodles. While the majority of my review focuses on the delicious food at Amerasia, their craft beer selection is one of the best in the city. The atmosphere is pretty amazing as well - the owners have taken a tongue-in-cheek approach to a Chinese restaurant, with kung-fu posters adorning the walls and various kung-fu movies playing at all times. And my favorite part: the various fortune cookie fortunes stuck under the glass of the tables. They make for perfect conversation. I honestly think that Amerasia would be a perfect first date location since there is so many easy conversation starters!
<review# 374,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2013,10/26/2013,76,315,3,3,3>Worth the $25 just for the crepe station!  I have been twice and each time I have tried roughly 10 deserts... Definitely a highlight of the buffet.  In addition to the crepe (covered in berries, almond, ice cream, and whipped cream), try the carrot cake cupcake!  Went in for brunch today- A variety of great egg dishes, including a breakfast pizza.  A whole toppings bar for your sweet breakfast items (pancakes, waffle, french toast).  And, you gotta try the goetta slider on a pretzel bun!Dinner items are also amazing!  They have about 8 different grilled meat items.  My friend ate himself into a coma of protein.  I liked the make-your-own loaded nachos and potato wedges.  I know you should always skip the bread at a buffet, but the pretzel breadstick is worth itThe price is a little extreme.  It is a buffet, so that means that the food isn't particularly unique or well-spiced and is never really hot.  You definitely need to go in ready to eat your weight in food.  But, in the realm of buffets, this one is equal or better than any one that I have had in Vegas.   I will go back anytime I feel like eating roughly 10,000 calories!
<review# 375,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2013,10/25/2013,172,177,3,3,2>This place is actually just amazing, easily one of the best French restaurants that I have been to outside of France. We ordered crab cakes, duck, the burger, and a few cocktails. All of the dishes were cooked to perfection- the presentation is phenomenal and the sauces/ seasonings really make this place what it is.Service is beyond excellent- we had a young man, who was quite funny. The environment is perfect for a date/ family/ business or with friends. I went on a double date year and it was great fun.I also appreciated the fact that they let us in to eat on Saturday after 10 PM due to running late. Highly recommended!
<review# 376,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2013,10/24/2013,73,345,,2,2>Visited Vitor's as part of a rehearsal brunch and left quite impressed.Vitor's Bistro resides in the hodgepodge labyrinth of a centuries old home that looks like something out of the wizarding world of Harry Potter.  Reminded me of an old school coffee house which was fitting.I loved the coffee bar which included a Pumpkin Spice, Creme Brulee, and Jazz Trio option among others.  Chocolate and Vanilla creamer was also a nice addition.Brunch began with some super-sweet OJ that was right up my alley, as well as a plate of sugar sprinkled doughnut-esque pastries with dipping cream. We were provided with a limited menu for our party.  We were informed by the chef that the Breakfast Duo was the most popular item - a combination plate of Vitor's award-winning French Toast paired with a made to order omelette.Personally, I went with the Mocha French Toast.  I really enjoyed it, but felt it is important to note that it does not come with the fresh banana that is used in the traditional French Toast.My date ordered a seasonal menu item - Pumpkin Crepes.  Our chef informed us that the pumpkins come fresh from the garden and are not canned.  While I loved the idea of this dish and many people loved the execution, I thought the pumpkin flavor didn't pop and that the pumpkin was perhaps not quite ripe enough, as the crepe contents were chunky, as opposed to the mushy pumpkin I was expecting.  Perhaps this was intended, but I was hoping for something that tasted a bit more like Pumpkin Pie.I think they may be overdoing creme.  Creme seemed to be in everything and I think we were all a little cremed-out by lunchtime.  I had to take a few hours to recover from my meal.All together this was a great outing.  The servers were very accommodating, the location is quaint, wonderful, and not a chain.  I did want to straighten all the pictures on the wall, but that's a choice...
<review# 377,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2013,10/23/2013,26,154,,3,3>The sweet lady who works the counter speaks broken English, and this place is authentic.  You can tell by the prices and the menu - it has goat on it!  Being a fan of goat, I ordered that, the pork, and the carne asada.  Man, that carne asada was great - my favorite in Cincy!  And how have I gotten this far without mentioning that the tacos are only $2 each!Bottom Line:  I will be back for a great carne asada taco at the lowest price in town.
<review# 378,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2011,10/22/2013,6,135,,3,3>Mt Airy Forest features a well established and respected Disc Golf Course, arguably the best on the Ohio side of the river. It's nice and long, and has many nice, mature tree lined holes as well as a few long field throws. Explore the rest of the park while you're there, there are lots of trails and lots of wildlife.
<review# 379,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2013,10/21/2013,8,54,,2,2>A great local Thai place where I can order take out and pick it up in under 10 minutes. I've had the pad thai a few times and I think it is pretty good.  I love pot stickers and they do them right (well, in my opinion right).  They are slightly crispy by soft on the inside.  I've been getting their curries lately and they have become my new favorite items on the menu.  At first it doesn't seem like a lot of food, but I can make into two meals sometimes.  Great options and a good price and quick service, I'll keep coming back.
<review# 380,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2013,10/20/2013,32,69,2,3,2>I don't know what is about Arthur's that makes me love it the way I do, but it is my go-to place when I can't decide what I want. And really, how can you go wrong with a burger? Their cheese frieds are THE BEST EVER. Overly cheesy, handmade, delicious. And their burgers are perfect every.single.time. I ask for a medium burger, and guess what? It actually is. Wonderful. How often is something actually cooked the way you want it to be cooked? Um, like almost never? Any of the burgers are great. I end up making my own most of the time and dousing it in buffalo sauce (I have a buffalo sauce problem). Their patio is great too. Shady, umbrella-ed, cute. I've never had a bad experience. The staff is always friendly and attentive. Go get yourself a burger. And the fried jalapeno things.
<review# 381,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2013,10/19/2013,32,47,,3,2>This place is awesome. I work in Hyde Park and a group of us will drive down for lunch fairly regularly. I usually go for the Dallas Burger, crunchified, of course! (Gotta get it crunchified--with chips). Both the regular and sweet potato fries are good, and if you're not in the middle of your workday (or if you are--I won't judge) definitely go for one of the spiked milkshakes.Make sure you get one of their cards. Swipe it every time you go and earn yourself some free grub!
<review# 382,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2013,10/18/2013,55,100,,3,3>This place is a gem. They brew everything fresh to your order in a variety of ways.  Try your coffee pour over or syphon brewed. Service was great and they are locally owned. So much better than the nearby Starbucks.  Such a nice surprise for this part if town.
<review# 383,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2013,10/17/2013,97,120,1,3,2>I try to take my daughter to this event every year and we always enjoy our outings here.  My daughter loves attempting to catch butterflies on her sleeves, and it is pretty cool being surrounded by thousands of beautiful flying butterflies!  My advice: go early in the season (we went in late May this year and it was hotter than the dickens in those greenhouses) and early in the morning on a weekday, it gets crowded!
<review# 384,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2012,10/15/2013,144,216,1,3,2>When the weather warms up and it hasn't been rainy, this place is busy with people but not in a way that everyone can't fit. After all the paved, mostly flat trail is 6 miles, so there's plenty of room for walkers, runners and bikers. There's a kids play area, ball fields, golf and you can watch planes take off and land from the airport. While you're walking by the airport, you can gaze at Sky Galley's neon sign and talk yourself out of eating those potato rags after your workout. In the summer, there's a farmer's market on the south side of the airport so depending on your timing you can pick up some produce after you enjoy the park.
<review# 385,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2013,10/14/2013,19,31,3,5,3>When I have a craving for sushi, this is where I go. I can make the roll however I like it. I add tons of veggies and two of my favorite sauces (sweet soy and wasabi mayo). I'm so glad they have a new location. I frequent the downtown location, but this past weekend I was in the Hyde Park area with friends and wanted fresh sushi. I was so excited to hear this location was open.  (My friends knew it was open before it's official opening tomorrow.) They didn't have the Honest Tea I like, yet. But one of the owners assured me it is on its way.It was great to see people walk in with the menu in their hands - their minds turning through the different options. They were about to experience something great! I couldn't be more excited for them and the others that will now eat at Fusian.
<review# 386,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2013,10/13/2013,16,63,2,6,2>This pharmacy is a flashback to the days before I was born.  When pharmacies weren't big chains and you didn't get treated like total crap every time you walked in.Before Cincinnati, I lived mainly in college towns, the most recent being, Bloomington IN.  So I went to CVS.  I may be fairly young but I am on quite a few medications.  Which I would fill at appropriate times.A normal pharmacy works like this.  You wait through a long automated message.  You call in your prescription.  You go to get your prescription 5 hours later.  First, they can't find it.  Second, there's a problem but we couldn't be bothered to call you.  Third, oh we lost all the paperwork and just didn't fill it so wait another half an hour.Now we shall compare this to the absolute worst and busiest times in which I have tried to pick up a prescription at Schaeper's. 1. I was once put on hold for about 10 full seconds and they apologized.2. I once showed up 15 minutes after calling in a prescription and had to wait 5 minutes for them to get it ready.3. I had an insurance issue over a prescription (which, unfortunately, I half expected).  They quietly pulled me aside and were about 10x more concerned about the issue than I was.I should also mention that it's a pharmacy that I can walk to.  And that, much to my surprise, I don't pay a cent more than I did at big name pharmacies.  I'm all for paying more to support the smaller guys but when it comes to medicine, it can be hard to find extra in your budget.  Oh and every time there has been a minor issue, there's always someone who is immediately on it!  Even if it's not their problem and it's the insurance company, they'll have that person on the phone while you wait!The only one real negative are the hours.  Open until 7 with shorter hours on Saturday and closed on Sunday (they do offer delivery).  Best to keep another 24 hour pharmacy around if you need something filled fast.  So please, support this pharmacy!!! And don't be scared because it likely won't cost you extra!
<review# 387,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/1/2013,10/12/2013,65,133,3,8,2>I'm not sure when it started but Sunday brunch has become quite the phenomenon. Quite frankly, I love it! The downsides, however, include long lines, huge crowds and often higher than expected prices. The reason I like Parkside? It has none of the downsides!My first visit was this morning. I was hesitant because it was further from my favorite spot in Hyde Park. Then as we drove through the back entrance, the crumpled concrete and overgrown weeds in the pavement made me apprehensive...then I had the breakfast buffet. An array of classic breakfast staples had my mouth watering. The eggs were obviously real eggs - none of the powdered stuff. The best part? Goetta. All the goetta you can eat. At $7.99 for all-you-can eat, you can't beat this hidden little gem for Sunday Brunch!
<review# 388,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2013,10/11/2013,69,143,6,14,11>I've been to many a hookah bar in my time, so I was skeptical when a couple friends described Aladdin to me like it was heaven on Earth. I heard for weeks about the charismatic owner, the nice interior, the smoothness of the smoke, etc. It was one of those things where I didn't think the experience could live up to my incredibly heightened expectations. But for the most part, it did! The place is in the old Taza building, dimly lit with a few faux leather couches and lots of coffeeshop tables and chairs throughout. The owner and the staff were very friendly, introducing themselves and asking our names. I smoked a grape-watermelon-mint flavored hookah, which sounds weird but ended up being a good idea. My friends smoked a pineapple hookah, which adorably came with a bowl made of the skin from an actual pineapple, and a tiny sparkler that stayed lit long enough for me to snap a picture. The most unique thing was the ice attachment that they added to our hookah pipe, which made the smoke nice and cool in our mouths. Overall it was an enjoyable experience. I think I've found my new favorite hookah cafe in Cincy :)
<review# 389,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2013,10/10/2013,133,116,2,17,6>I've gotta say, I questioned myself writing this review because as many of you know, taxi's in Downtown Cincinnati are an endless stream of inaccurate quote times, drivers not knowing where anything is, or even taxi's just plain not showing up. Needles to say taxi dependency is non-existent. That's why I struggle to write this because I don't want anyone to know my secret. That I have finally found the best taxi service in town.I found Riverfront Taxi by doing a quick search on Yelp. I didn't expect much based on my experiences with cabs. When I called, Zaq the owner answered and asked where we were heading to. He answered with "OK I will be there in 5 minutes.". Yeah right I thought. I know how cabs curb their arrival times making you wait 30 minutes or longer sometimes. So I continued to get ready when I received a text message reading "Taxi outside. I am here." Interesting. Firstly interesting that he arrived in 5 minutes, and secondly interesting that he text me telling me he was there so we didn't have to go outside and stand in the cold. The moment we got in he was inviting and charming and made the ride super enjoyable.They've even helped us find a cab before when they couldn't get to us in a timely manner. We called once and he said all his drivers were busy but he said he would text all of his taxi contacts and get someone to come get us. What?!?! He sent business to someone else because he knew he couldn't get to us as fast as another company. Unheard of. The next time we called Zaq again came and not only remembered us but asked us if the other guy came to get us and if he was on time. Amazing.We will continue to call Zaq. We are now loyal customers. One thing I hate is when taxi companies blatantly lie about when they will be there just so they will get your business. I don't care if you say 45 minutes, I just want to know an accurate time. Riverfront knows this and the way they help you get a ride whether it be from them or someone else will have me calling them first every time. I highly recommend. An easy five stars.
<review# 390,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2013,10/9/2013,1081,373,3,5,3>I have had multiple experiences with chiropractic's over the past few years. Dr. Delphine Deignan and the entire staff at Elite provide first class, professional, friendly service with a clear mastery of how your back sets the foundation for your body's overall well being. Dr. Delphine is very patient and good at articulating how your back is contributing to issues you may be experiencing with your overall health.When I need to get in quickly they are always available, and they offer reasonable prices, which drives me to come back more often for care.The hip bone is connected to the leg bone you know... And they are all connected to your back bone! Come see Dr. Delphine and the wonderful staff at Elite Chiropractic!
<review# 391,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2013,10/8/2013,133,199,,4,4>Cincinnatians are very fortunate that there has been a recent influx in the amount of breweries popping up around the area. While it's tough to rival the bigger beer cities, I'd say that The Queen City isn't doing so shabby nowadays.With having visited Rivertown and 50 West as of late, I predicted that MadTree Brewery would be a mixture of the two. I wasn't wrong.The location: Situated in a building on Kennedy Avenue, MadTree Brewing enjoys proximity to both Oakley and Pleasant Ridge. Additionally, it is located right by I-71, so it is pretty easy to get to, even if there is currently construction going on in the area. Tons of parking, too, so if you're really concerned about parking situations like Date usually is, don't fret.The place: While it is more of a warehouse like Rivertown, it boasts a lot more seating. From its exterior façade to the interior, it's all around pretty industrial. MadTree doesn't offer any food, which can be a bit of a drag if you need to coat your stomach before or during [excessive] beer sampling. Fortunately, Tacos Locos was kind enough to lend its culinary hand (and motor) to the occasion by providing fare to MadTree's patrons. Date and I, unfortunately, had already eaten, but everyone else who was jonesing for some food raved about the ability to have tacos, quesadillas, and tortas the size of your head to accompany MadTree's hoppy libations.The beer: Hoppy. Very, very hoppy. I am no beer professional and I would never claim to be. However, I generally enjoy amber ales more than any of the other options on beer lists, and its flavor--bearing striking resemblance to an IPA--just wasn't for me. I've already decided that, the next time I get to MadTree, I will instead opt for the brown ale (Gnarly Brown).The fact that I didn't love my particular brew choice but intend to go back is a testament to how much I did like the place generally.
<review# 392,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2013,10/7/2013,18,131,3,4,2>I'm surprised nothing like Unwind has existed on Hyde Park Square until recently.  While the interior is lovely, the front courtyard is one of the nicest spots in the entire city for a glass of wine on a nice afternoon or a warm evening.  If weather is nice, be prepared to wait, because the secret is out.The wine menu is organized into wines by the glass, which are available in 3oz or 6oz pours, wines by the bottle, and other beverages, which include beer and sangria.  The day I visited, a special flight was also available.  I very much appreciate wine bars and restaurants that offer 3oz pours, because you can try a few different wines without breaking the bank and/or getting drunk.  I believe there were between 8 and 10 white wines available by the glass and possibly a few more reds.  I'd like to see an expanded by-the-glass selection, but those on offer ran the gamut.The food menu is truly "light fare," but the portion sizes were generous.  For example, there are 3 tacos in a serving of the black bean tacos.  However, not many of the menu items would work quite as well as the tacos for a satisfying lunch or dinner.  Most were more appetizer in both presentation style and substance.  Everything we tried was well-prepared but the focus here really isn't on the food and that's ok.  I doubt Unwind will ever become a go-to when I'm hungry, but don't be surprised to see me drinking in the courtyard!
<review# 393,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2013,10/6/2013,38,63,9,2,3>If you are going here during the day, you are living life wrong. Only 3 tips needed. -Bring cash-Order Gravy Cheese Fries-Go after midnight (have a sober friend drive you)
<review# 394,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2013,10/5/2013,65,138,,5,5>Tom+Chee is one of my favorite spots in Cincinnati. I love their huge selection of grilled cheese (although sometimes it can be overwhelming), but more importantly, I love their selection of grilled cheese DONUTS. These tasty things might sound weird, but you just gotta trust me on this one.... they're the bomb. The tomato basil soup is also fantastic. Pairs for a great lunch!Always friendly service and a good time. I love to eat outside on Court St. when it's nice. I wish their downtown location was open on weekends!! Love what you're doing, Tom-+Chee. Keep up the good work!
<review# 395,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2013,10/4/2013,31,43,,3,3>This place is the epitome of good, cheap beers and eats. Two people can grab a decent meal AND leave with a good buzz for like $25 including tip. Burgers and sandwiches are tasty. Menu is kinda limited, but it's always consistent. They always have Moerlein on tap (again, you can't get cheaper beers anywhere!) and the mock turtle soup is delicious!
<review# 396,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2013,10/3/2013,181,295,2,4,4>Cindy G introduced these to me at the Oliver Twist Elite event and I've been craving them ever since! Seriously people, I've said it before and I'll say it again- I really don't care for donuts- but these are so deliciously fresh, sweet and delectable it's hard not to fall immediately in love.My sister and I came later the day of their grand opening, so we knew there wouldn't be a ton of stuff left. But the stuff that was left was equally amazing. Apple fritters, glazed and maple walnut donuts. Prices were reasonable, staff was helpful and friendly (even after being slammed all morning - I'm sure they were exhausted and ready to go home!) and I will be coming back!I can't wait to sink my teeth into a peanut butter chocolate donut and maple bacon donut! Yum yum yum! Thanks for coming to OTR, Holtman's! We won't let you down!
<review# 397,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2013,10/2/2013,47,85,2,6,2>This was my first visit to a City BBQ.  I assumed it would be a typical "sit down and be served" kind of place.  So when we showed up with hardly no line, I felt put on the spot trying to take in all of the menu options and ordering process.  We actually had to let a few people go ahead of us so we could get our thoughts together and determine what to order.We (2 adults) took the easy way out and got the Family Pack (feeding 2 adults and 2 kids).  I just assumed the "2 kids" wouldn't equate to much, and that we would be fed and maybe have some leftovers for one lunch.  Boy was I wrong (in a good way).  The serving size of the pulled pork and sides and corn bread were plentiful.  We ended up being filled that night and each have another full meal for leftovers.And the food itself was excellent.  The pulled pork was cooked tenderly and juicy, their sauce options were tasty, the mac n cheese and green beans were also very good, and I really liked the corn bread.Since my only misgivings were the initial learning curve of the ordering process, it is a no-brainer that I'll be returning now that I know what is in store... more yummy comfort food!
<review# 398,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2013,10/1/2013,68,235,2,4,4>Cheap! Freaky Fast! So cute! Delicious!I love this root beer stand. A coworker of mine has been raving about the root beer stand for a year now, so I finally made it out there. What a cute little place- very reminiscent of the drive in diners. The menu ranges from traditional hot dogs to burgers, and even a bbq sandwich with coleslaw, which was what I had. For the sandwich and a very large rootbeer it was only $5!Oh, and did I mention that from the moment I placed my order until when my food was placed in front of me was all of about 2 minutes- and we had the very last seats open!
<review# 399,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2013,9/30/2013,103,130,2,3,3>This place is good! I hope it sticks around longer than the one before!  I recommend trying the egg-rolls (it appears it's their specialty), and it was really good.  I tried the chicken one, and thought it was pretty tasty, but maybe a little bit on the greasy (or oily) side.They had two curry bowls - mild & hot.  I went for the hot one it was true to its word. It was a little peculiar because it had eggplant in it...I'll admit, I ate around that, but the rest was fine.  The guy even gave me a taste of the mild one, and it was good - I think I'll try that one next time.  They give options of meat (or sans meat) in each, but it's not cooked into - he puts the rice in the bowl, tops it with the meat & then the sauce, so the full flavor isn't completely there, but over all it's worth trying!!
<review# 400,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2013,9/29/2013,68,151,5,9,5>Residents of Cincinnati's Hyde Park and Oakley neighborhoods have, for years, been presented with less than perfect options when it came to movie theaters. If you wanted options, you had to drive all the way to Newport KY or Mason OH. Other than that, options were limited to the "artsy" Mariemont theater or the mid-size Kenwood theater which was a good 20-25 minutes of travel.These poor options are no longer a concern. The new Cinemark at Oakley Station has opened off of Ridge Ave., behind the Target and just west of Crossroads Church! This place is state of the art with 14 wall-to-wall, ceiling-to-floor screens, digital projectors and stadium seating. I love the new concessions concept. I can fill my own soda (no more ice-loading)! Lots of good choices. The parking is plentiful (unlike Kenwood) with great lighting so you should feel completely safe. No question this is now the official movie theater of my household. Buh-bye Kenwood. So Long Mason. Hasta la vista Newport. Cinemark is the place!
<review# 401,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2013,9/28/2013,135,164,,4,3>Wow. I haven't had a meal this good in a long long time. Thank you Abigail's!  This Mediterranean Wine bar has good wine on tap and maybe even better tapas.  I love that the logo of a meat cleaver, anchor, and carrot on their menu cover is also used to mark their tapas into categories of meat, seafood, and vegetarian. Cute and simple.They recommend ordering roughly 2 plates per person to share with others to make a meal. I did 5 for our group of 3 and it was plenty of food. The first was the gnocchi.  The dish was just so perfect and delicious that my mushroom hating fiance even loved the maitake mushrooms that accompanied the gnocchi.  The second dish we ordered was a special of the day - a savory cheese bread pudding. It was also fantastic. The third dish was a Hanger steak that might have been different from what's listed on their online menu. The sauce was made from a popcorn emulsion and made the depth of flavor out of this world. I was seriously in food heaven. Our last dish was the lamb ribs with black mission figs. It had a good amount of meat on it and was also excellent. Since my dining partners and I were enjoying ourselves so much, we decided to order some dessert and turkish coffee.  We tried the churros with chocolate ganache. They paired really nicely with the sweet cardamomy turkish coffee.  I loved how everything was served on mismatched vintage plates.The service was really excellent and their knowledge of their wines seemed pretty good too. I sampled my fiance's wine flight and really enjoyed the malbec and pinot noir he had. (Sorry I can't remember the names)
<review# 402,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2013,9/27/2013,17,77,3,7,4>Bubble Tea - 5 starsFood - 3 starts Since their business is split pretty evenly.... 4 is what you get.2/2 my extreme love of noodle soups (pho, ramen, chinese noodle, etc), went this past thursday for some chinese noodle soup.  Started off with an order of the steamed dumplings.  6 for $5.50ish, lukewarm in the center, falling apart and opening up the minute it touched the sauce.  Disappointing to say the least.I had the beef brisket noodle soup.  The brisket was cut into large chunks with little fat.  The broth was extremely hearty and beefy which wasn't hitting the spot that evening.  While I usually love soup throughout the year, I wonder if the extreme heartiness of this one would be best consumed in the winter.  Still, the baby bok choy thrown into the soup was a wonderful addition which I welcomed gladly.  Hot oil on the side provided some much needed spiciness.She got the seafood tom yum soup.  Wonderfully spicy as is and served with large shrimps, squid, fish balls.  Was good to the last drop.The soups ran appx $8.50-$9.50 overall.  Not the cheapest noodle soup meal by far but eh.  It was nice to see them bring out a laddle and two small bowls so that we could share each others (all this without even asking them!). Gotta love that cause sometimes we get weird looks for sharing large bowls of soup (heck the menu says seafood soup for 2!, don't judge us).Will be back for sure to try their laksa noodle soup.
<review# 403,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2013,9/26/2013,142,162,5,9,5>Great Taiwanese breakfast on weekends. I love the sweet soy milk and fan tuan (sticky rice ball). Everyone will swear by the gua bao ("steam bun with special pork"), which is indeed yummy. The scallion pancake w/ or without egg is decent, but not nearly as good as mama's (that's usually the standard by which we Asians judge other Asian cooking). Items come in sizable portions (for 1-2 people) and priced at $1-3 each, which means you can get full off just a few well-spent bucks. I say great Taiwanese breakfast, but a little known secret is their regular Chinese menu. Grab a Chinese/Taiwanese buddy and come for dinner. You'll be amazed at the wonders this little kitchen can churn out. In my opinion, truly authentic Taiwanese food aside from their popular breakfast. Tip: Around 3pm on weekends when the breakfast closes, you'll see the waiters sit down at a table and dig into some fancy fare... i.e. steamed fish, veggies, eggplant, etc. Don't be afraid to crane your neck a little and take note of what they're eating. That, my friend, is the real deal.
<review# 404,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2012,9/25/2013,11,47,4,9,3>Officially my favorite pizza in Cincinnati (sorry Dewey's).  What's more, they deliver, which, with 2.75 kids, makes a big difference to me.What sets Ramundo's apart:  1. Their sauce.  It has a little heat and none of that sickening sweetness you get at other places.2.  Their crust.  It's got that paradoxical crispy-chewy-doughy-toothy thing about it that any good pizza needs.3.  Their extras.  Sandwiches, loaded fries, calzones, salads...all superfluous...all delicious.4.  (Pay attention, now, because this one's important.)  Their sausage.  It's really as good as they say it is.  Get it on your pizza.  Order it in a sub.  Order it in a calzone.  The important thing is to ORDER IT!  Spicy, savory, meaty, juicy...Excuse me.  So hungry...I have an order to place.
<review# 405,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/31/2012,9/24/2013,0,269,2,3,2>If you like big, slow-cooked, fall off the bone ribs, you need to get down to T's Place in Covington and get a rib sandwich for $7.50. I used to drive by this place on a weekly basis and never gave it the time of day. The solid reviews on Yelp convinced me to reverse course. I had the rib sandwich today and loved it. First off, it's not a sandwich by the traditional sense. It's two slices of white bread with a fat 4-bone slab of ribs slathered in homemade bbq sauce and saddled in between the slices of bread. $7.50 for 4 bones is a fantastic deal regardless of everything else. These ribs were very tasty, albeit a little too saucy for me as I prefer a dry rub. But they were cooked well, tasted fantastic and it was so filling I could barely finish the meal. In addition, the owner is super friendly and takes a lot of pride in his food. 4.5 stars if I could.
<review# 406,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2013,9/23/2013,33,203,2,4,2>Wunderbar is a must-visit. Tucked on 12th in an unassuming building, it warrants a drive if you are not local. The menu is fascinating. I don't like German food... But now I do!  The sausages were great, and you must not pass up the giant pretzel on your first visit. Pretzel dumplings and brussel sprouts were delightful. One diner did not recommend the hamburger. Beer selection is surprisingly good- lots of choices by the bottle plus about 3 taps. The have trivia tv that you can play using your smart phone. I give kudos for that. I have visited 2 times thus far. My first experience was grand. The second, however, was a disappointment. One of the cooks was new and it took 45 minutes for food to arrive. I am sure he/she has those kinks worked out by now. Whether you sit at a picnic table or the bar, order at the bar. The servers are friendly and chatty and will steer you in the right direction on your first visit.
<review# 407,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2011,9/22/2013,43,26,2,3,2>City Cellars is terrific.  I'm not a huge wine fan, but they've got a sizable selections for the occasions that call for some vino.  Really a pretty wide variety of styles and prices on the wine. Wine tastings every Tuesday are a great way to try a flight and find something you like.But the real reason I come here is the beer selection.  There's a great craft beer selection that always rotating. They do a great job of making sure a variety of seasonal and year round beer from craft breweries are available.  A little bit Dog Fish Head heavy, but who's mad about that.  Usually also have offerings from Stone, 21st Amendment, Great Lakes.  That's just naming a few of them.The wood oven pizzas are really great too. Make sure you try one out during the Tuesday night tastings.The staff is super friendly and knowledgeable. If you're having trouble finding what you're looking for, just ask someone and they'll point you in the right direction.
<review# 408,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2013,9/21/2013,13,79,,1,2>We used to go here when it was Sake Bomb, and this was are first time since the change.  We enjoyed it, and our server John was great with our 11 month old son.  We arrived around 6:30 on a Friday night, and sat right down... by about 7:30 the bar area was full of people waiting for tables.  They have a huge selection of sushi rolls, all of which are 1/2 price. We recommend the Hyde Park and White Scorpion rolls... the Sunday Morning was OK, small.  I ordered the bun tom (shrimp), the vermicelli noodles with lettuce, carrot, bean sprouts, cilantro,cucumber, crushed peanuts, and their homemade vinaigrette.  It was very good and soooo fresh,  The bun dishes are room temperature noodles, so it you are looking for a hot dish this is not it.The best part is happy hour... it lasts until 7:30 on a Friday!  They also offer half price wine on Sunday - Thursdays.
<review# 409,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2013,9/20/2013,48,174,,5,1>Guys.... This fish house is legit!Check them out on your favorite social media site to find out the daily special and to learn about one of their special upcoming crayfish boils!Not sure what to get? You can't go wrong with the fish tacos with a side of the hush puppies or bayou bites (fried jalapeno bits).Be warned though: DO NOT PARK IN THE PARKING LOT NEXT DOOR. YOU WILL BE TOWED. The bakery across the street owns that parking lot and they are *very* grumpy about people parking on their lot. Even when the bakery isn't open, don't risk parking there. Seriously. Park at a meter. I mean it.
<review# 410,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2013,9/19/2013,21,165,2,3,3>Very cool space for a tasting room. If you've been to Bockfest in the past, it is the back room that is up the ramp from the previous bathrooms area.  The really unique room with the arched ceilings and columns.  Picnic tables are set in rows amongst the pillars and arches.  Taps on one wall, all Moerlein of course.  Moerlein's modern facilities are on display down a ramp to the left of the bar, but the really cool part was what lies beneath the facility.  I went on (what was apparently) the first day the tap room was open during Taste of Cincinnati 2013.  They had tours of the tunnels underneath the facility during Taste, pix to follow.  I don't know if they plan to keep doing tours of the underground tunnels, but it was a definite highlight.A VERY distinctive tap room, and I've been to many.  Just so you know, there's literally 10,000+ square feet of arched space below you, and 10,000 square feet of tunnels below that!  History is here.
<review# 411,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2013,9/18/2013,211,416,5,5,3>I'm not sure what kind of sociopath doesn't like ice cream, so Hello Honey is a bit of a no brainer.All the flavors I've tried so far have been delicious. I hope they don't try to get too fancy (a la Jeni's) because they've got a good thing going. Just a little bit of a twist on the classics. They're classics for a reason, right? The price is actually in line considering the big portion you get for the entry-level size. And yes, the torched homemade marshmallow is quite a treat. I especially like that the taster spoons aren't the cheapo plastic waste kind... an earth-friendly gesture. Especially because they'll let you taste anything you want.I haven't had a chance to try the Japanese cakes yet (um, hello, I'm eating ice cream) but I'm curious to try them as they are also made in house.And this would totally be a 5 star review, but the last few times I've been the place could use a little tidying up. Magazines scattered about, dirty tables, etc.
<review# 412,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2013,9/17/2013,3,26,,2,3>A good, local alternative to chains like Panera.  They're bagels are all really good, especially paired with some of their sandwich options.  I tend to get the Red Leg - roast beef and bacon on an asiago bagel, or a salad in one of their huge homemade bread bowls.All around a solid breakfast/lunch spot.
<review# 413,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2013,9/16/2013,39,68,4,5,2>Dancing Wasabi is another Hyde Park/Mt. Lookout area sushi restaurant advertising half-price sushi ALL THE TIME (except take out, i.e. don't get take out).  Half price sushi means cheap sushi which means you can down several rolls per person and still have a reasonable bill.  Dancing certainly does not disappoint with the variety of rolls available and many are very good.  I usually like sticking to simple, fresh, healthy rolls but I rarely can avoid ordering the heaven that is a Sunday Morning Roll.  Although I feel like if you deep fry anything with cream cheese it will be amazing.  Some of my other favorite specialty rolls include the Bengal's, Crazy Spicy California, and the Dragon.I will confess that I have been to Dancing more times than I can count but only a handful of times before 1am.  They are open on Fri/Sat until 3 or 4 and late night sushi, I have found, to be an odd but satisfying experience.  Especially when its accompanied by some sake bombs : )
<review# 414,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2013,9/15/2013,64,340,2,2,2>Food options were plentiful at the Bunbury Music Festival, which took place a couple of weeks ago. In addition to some standard festival food offerings, I was happy to see a few of Cincinnati's increasingly popular food trucks on hand. My favorite meal of the weekend was provided by one of the newer trucks in town, Urban Grill Food Truck.Their menu rotates daily and features sandwiches and marinated skewers of meat. They are the only local truck to have a full commercial kitchen and an on-board wood-chip smoker.The sandwich that I absolutely loved is called the OTR Club. It features Glier's Goetta, thick sliced applewood smoked bacon, pepper-jack cheese, tomato, and a made in-house Cajun mayonnaise on a toasted Sixteen Bricks Challah bun. My mouth is watering again just thinking of this amazing flavor combination. I will definitely be on the lookout for more from the Urban Grill Food Truck soon.
<review# 415,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2013,9/14/2013,55,343,2,2,2>Dorothy Lane Market is a Dayton Tradition, started at the corner of Far Hills and Dorothy Lane as a food stand back in the 1930's.The Centerville location is their second store opened in the early 90's and home of the Killer Brownie and Heavenly Ham. DLM prides themselves on their service, and promoting local hometown pride. Each associate has their hometown listed on their nametag, Oakwood, Kettering, Centerville, Bellbrook, etc. DLM sets the bar high and many other grocery chains have based their stores on the DLM model.The deli has a huge selection of wonderful salads, the Pine Club pasta salad is the best. Every meat, cheese known to man can be found here. Bakery has variety of homemade breads, killer brownies, chocolate creations. Produce is very colorful and bountiful. They do have beer & wine tastings on the weekend and next door is their cooking school.One note is you can get caught up in the wonderful selection and walk out spending over $100 very easily, but worth it knowing you're helping local family grocer.
<review# 416,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2013,9/13/2013,60,99,4,2,2>I don't know about you, but I know I often get parched walking from the Vine Street spots to the Main Street spots. Before Rhinehaus I had to make sure that I wore my camelback filled with locally brewed beer. But now with Rhinehause strategically located so I do not sober up from the trek. So dive into OTR's newest divebar... oh wait another bar just opened, and another one! Rhiehaus is a great addition to the neighborhood!
<review# 417,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2013,9/12/2013,38,129,2,4,3>Let's face it Cincinnati peeps- where are you really going to find authentically fresh seafood in this area?? Well lucky for the entire tri-state area, we have Keegans! Keegans is a small seafood shop in Anderson Township, that is tucked behind a gas station on Salem Road. Blink, and you're going to miss it. Keegans has a great assortment of fresh and frozen seafood. When we say fresh, we mean so-fresh-it-was-flown-in-this-morning. You're not getting fish that has been frozen, shipped, and then thawed at the store. Tom Keegan (the owner and proprietor of this great little shop) is also a great chef and he can give you pointers on how to cook whatever it is you're buying, as well as offer ready to eat premade soups and burgers (seafood of course). He also sells lots of local items in his mini-market like spices and rubs, marinades, wine, etc. Another little known secret is that he also has the ability to host dinners in his shop. He will help you create a menu, with wine parings, and will cook it for you and a group. Also, I found out that he's going to be selling his homemade soups at Findley Market this summer! So. Exciting!
<review# 418,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2013,9/11/2013,100,105,,3,1>We've enrolled one of our kiddos in a toddler class - and I'd have to say it's a positive experience.  The class instructors (we've had two different ones) seem to understand the age & levels of accomplishment of each child - this is the most important part of the class.  My kiddo comes home all smiles and enjoys returning each week for classes.Annual membership is $35 & pays for whole family.  I cannot say that the class prices are a "bargain," but with the instructors that are available, I think we paid a good price for what we get.The only upgrades I'd suggest is a viewing area for all activities (there is one part of gym that I'm unable to see) and a little dusting action upstairs...seems to be some dust bunnies growing on the ceiling decorations.
<review# 419,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2013,9/10/2013,52,69,2,2,2>I can't believe I haven't written  a review for this place yet. I used to come here all the time, and still do occasionally. Righteous Room is basically a club style bar/lounge. You basically have dark lighting, stylish interior, and loud music on weekend nights, but not dancing. The place has been around for a while, and is still regularly packed. The building is long and narrow, so it can get a little cramped, but you might be able to find some relief on the back patio. The back patio is awesome, it's a decent sized space with it's own bar, and is surrounded by buildings on all sides. There are couches and coffee tables along the walls, making it a cool place to just come hang out. The best thing is that they have a giant clear plastic roof they enclose the entire area with during the winter.Righteous Room has a pretty good selection of alcohol. It seems like 4EG bars in general have a strong commitment to making good drinks, and having a quality draft selection. The best time to come is earlier in the evening. They don't have food, but the place isn't crowded, and they have one of the best happy hours in the city.
<review# 420,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2013,9/9/2013,8,207,,2,2>A family restaurant with a broad menu of italian favorites.  I'm so glad that they moved to the larger location because the wait used to be terrible on a weekend.  My favorite is the gnocchi where you can mix and match pasta with different sauces.  Service and atmosphere are friendly and unique - no complaints there.  Prices are higher, but quality and service are definitely worth it.  Definitely recommend this as one of the best Italian restaurants in the northern suburbs!
<review# 421,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2013,9/8/2013,41,314,2,2,2>This place has lots of character! It's definitely a "locals" kind of bar, given its quasi-hidden location just off the square. But it has parking which can be tricky in Oakley. The folks are friendly, the beer is cold, and the steak fries slathered with cheese and bacon bits dipped in ranch are amazing!! Great place for happy hour or a bite to eat, or to watch a game. Don't neglect the patio and the nearly completed 3-season room for more well-lit dining/drinking options. There's also a basement, which oddly, can take even regulars a while to realize. Good weekday drink specials too.
<review# 422,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2013,9/7/2013,74,101,2,3,2>Stopped in to check out the newly opened coffee shop in Pleasant Ridge.  Although they just opened, they have a great selection of coffee, teas, blended drinks and specialty drinks, a few snacks and sweets. Great table and chair space and a warm interior. Nice place to stop in for a coffee and do some work or chat with a friend!! Im excited to see the space open again and for their growth!! Definitely a great place to stop in.
<review# 423,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2012,9/6/2013,134,226,3,2,2>This is a complete market.  You can find abundant delicious veggies, fruits, cheese, hummus, coffee, pastas, and desserts.  In addition maple syrup and wonderful various of olive oil are available.  Flowers and probably a few things I am forgetting are also available.  Each vendor carefully screen by the market to make sure the products are in fact local.  I forgot meat, eggs, and Belgian waffles- see what I mean by a lot of great stuff?  The products there are definitely of excellent quality.  I would highly recommend a trip to this market :)
<review# 424,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2013,9/5/2013,112,534,3,2,2>Great lunch buffett!  Not a lot of food but dependable quality food.  I have been going there for several years and almost always have the same dishes:  Crab rangoon, quesadillas, egg rolls, fried chicken, sesame balls, doughnuts, dumplings and chicken on a stick for appertizers.  For main dishes expect orange or black bean shrimp, kung pao chicken, moo goo gai pan (chicken), sweet sour chicken, mango sesame chicken, vegetables, spicy beef dish, pork dish with green beans (1 is always black bean), fried rice.  They also have cookies and fresh fruit and hot sour or egg drop soup. Wished they had won ton soup.  It is always packed for lunch and they are slow on drink refills.  I never ate there for dinner but did carryout once for dinner. I was shocked how bad the food was for carryout. They must have a different chef at night.
<review# 425,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2013,9/4/2013,7,11,3,3,3>For a small Indian place in a mediocre neighborhood, this place is a GEM! I'm so thankful it exists so close to my work. Firstly, it's ALL-vegetarian (and they have Vegan Wednesdays). If, however you are like me, and NOT a vegetarian, don't worry. The food is so flavorful and unique, you will leave here STUFFED, and won't even be thinking of meat. The staff is friendly enough, but the decor is somewhat bland and the booths are uncomfortable... so, it's not exactly 'fancy'. But if you love Indian food, then you should know this is the best Indian place in Cincinnati.
<review# 426,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2013,9/3/2013,52,101,9,6,2>I have to admit that when I first heard of Loving Hut I immediately thought it was part of the Pizza Hut chain. So imagine my disappointment when I came here expecting to get a Meat Lover's Pizza only to find a completely meat-free restaurant. I am, of course, kidding. I have known what Loving Hut is for quite some time. In fact, if you're vegan and you live in Cincinnati, then you know what it is too! Why? Because it's the only fully operational vegan restaurant in town!What does this mean for you? It means that no matter what you order on the menu it's going to be free of any animal meats or products. Which means no cholesterol, less fat, less damage to your heart, etc. Which means you might actually live to see the year 2075 or witness the Bengals win a Super Bowl, whichever comes first.The great thing about Loving Hut is it's not all super healthy raw vegan food. That's not to say that they don't offer that type of food because they do. What I'm saying is you can come here and eat a barbeque wrap, an A-1 steak burger, chicken wings, fried rice, mac n cheese, and chocolate cake, all at once or over multiple sittings depending on your appetite. And you would think that being vegan would make the aforementioned delicacies taste bland or inedible but you would be wrong. The food here is simply money.Being vegan myself I can say without question that this will be my go to spot for eating out for quite some time! Not only because I love the food but because I want to support this enlightened establishment as much as possible.
<review# 427,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2013,9/2/2013,15,103,6,6,5>It's a bar.  It's a BAR!  It's not a pub, not a grille, not a sports bar (thank you!), not a nightclub. And it's not Applebee's, so don't bring the kiddies.It's a bar with a small menu of bar food... burgers, fries, rings, and the infamous fish log, which is delicious and enormous. So big you can order a half log if you prefer.  And a new addition, three soft baked pretzel sticks for 4 bucks ($4.50 if you want to dip them in melted cheese....but trust me, I'm from the home of the original soft baked pretzel-shaped pretzel: skip the cheese and get some spicy brown mustard instead. YUM!)Great friendly laid back atmosphere, full of regulars but welcoming to first timers too. Cheap buckets of Bud or Miller in cans, Bud/Miller lite on tap along with Yuengling.  You'll feel like everybody's an old friend, patrons and servers, in no time. The search and download jukebox is here (I guess it's everywhere now) but  a dollar a song.  :(   I hope to get a chance to ask the owner if there's something he can do to revise that.The crowd and vibe is assuredly 35 and beyond.  When I was there it seemed like there were a lot of people from the 1970s, like me. (You know, the coolest generation?)  So depending on what circles you currently move in, this may or may not be the place for you. But if you like it, I know you will LOVE it.
<review# 428,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2013,9/1/2013,58,439,2,3,4>As a Cincinnati resident, I feel so lucky to have a top-notch Opera program in my very own city. I attended my first opera in Cincinnati several years ago and I always find at least one performance each season that I can't wait to see. I like how they have a mix of classic, traditional operas with at least one more modern or less well-known work. I can't claim to be an opera expert, but the sets, costumes, and performances are always impressive and enjoyable. There are great ticket deals available through Enjoy the Arts or via student discounts, but even face-value tickets are still a good value. I recommend sitting on the balcony level for the best view of the stage and super-titles, as close to the center as you can get. Music Hall is a beautiful venue (even if the seats aren't the most comfortable), regardless of where you sit.The most recent performance I attended was Aida (July 2013) and the production was incredible. Lush and lavish costumes and set, incredible symphony, and memorable vocal performances. Plus, the overall experience of going to Music Hall is even better now with the beautiful Washington Square park and new underground parking lot across the street.
<review# 429,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2013,8/31/2013,109,117,3,3,4>Paolo is an artist, plain and simple.If you are looking for a standard piece of jewelry that you can get anywhere, well Paolo can get it for you but his specialty is creating works of art.He has designed several pieces for me and they are my favorites. I have a custom made birthstone ring as well as a special custom gift for my mother.If there is a design that you can't find anywhere or a piece that you have been dreaming about but don't know who can make it for you, Paolo is the jeweler for you.Stop in and look at his designs and let him create the perfect piece of custom jewelry for you.
<review# 430,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2013,8/30/2013,94,404,4,14,7>Is this the greatest single tourist attraction in the State of Ohio?I think it must be.  Hell, it's one of the better tourist attractiions in the Midwest.  And one of the best museums in the whole country, for that matter:  It's easily on par with the massive museums on the National Mall in DC.Even if you're not particularly an aficionado of either aviation or military history--and I'm not--the U.S. Air Force Museum is spectacular.  (I AM an aficiando of "rock and roll," and will not hesitate to say that this place blows Cleveland's Rock and Roll Hall of Fame straight out of the water.)  The main part of this gargantuan museum consists of three huge aircraft hangers full of expertly-displayed aircraft.  The first hangar covers the beginnings of aviation and World Wars I & II; the second covers Korea and Vietnam War-era aircraft; and the third is devoted to "Cold War" and post-Cold War stuff (they're working on a huge space shuttle dispaly, too).  At the back of the third hangar is a smaller, but still massive, display of rockets and satellites.  There are additional monstrous planes on the tarmac outside the first hangar.  The exhibits are thorougly and readably annotated, so that if you sought to read up on everything that's in here, you'd probably have to set aside about three days to take it all in.  The planes are displayed in a manner that you can get up close and personal with most of them.  (Just don't touch.)One negative at the moment is that, thanks to the Always Wise and Judicious Powers That Be, the sequestration has temporarily shut down the separate hangar that is devoted to presidential planes.  We got to visit that one several years ago, and it was perhaps the most fascinating of all.  Another great thing about the U.S. Air Force Museum:  It is free.
<review# 431,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2013,8/29/2013,208,168,,4,5>Okay here's the deal, this place is an awesome little coffee shop that will soon also be a wine bar and bistro! Yay!!  Another place for happy hour after work.I spoke with one of the owners this morning and learned that they roast their beans every two days, and they whole sale them as well.  They also bake their pastries every morning, super fresh and YUMMY.  You have to try the Chocolate Croissant.  Oh and the Morning Glory Muffin... sooo good!Their hours right now are limited to certain days and times, double check before you head over.You have to check this place out if you're in the area.  Or make the trip, it's worth it!
<review# 432,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2013,8/28/2013,311,349,,5,5>FINALLY - something that will stay in this location (hopefully). There have been countless businesses in this location since the strip was put in. They have a location in Springboro and wanted to expand so they bought Little Sonoma that was in the strip and moved a few doors down and they are now this charming little place. I went last night for Ladies Night (drink and appetizer specials) and they had some live acoustic music going on which is always a nice addition. The crowd is older (like my parents age older), but I still had a good time. Sometimes that crowd is more fun than my age group. We got a flight (5 wines) for 10 bucks - and they are generous tastings - all delicious too... none of them were bad. We also got a chocolate lava cake which was awesome! They have appetizers and pizza's - I don't think they have a full dinner menu. You can just go in and buy a bottle of wine, or sit down. The staff is great - they work as a team - not one person comes to your table - which I thought was kind of neat. It's a small place so it works - I'm sure it'd get confusing if there were any more tables. Anyway, I'm really happy this is here. It's adorable and close to my dad's (key).
<review# 433,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2013,8/27/2013,1,10,,2,2>It is not uncommon to catch me at Findlay Market during my lunch break double fisting Mama Lo Hizo's chicken tacos while meandering through the crowd.  This is by far one of my favorite places to eat during the week and I never can seem to tear myself away to try some of the other vendors at the Market.The seasoning on the chicken is wonderful and the meat is so succulent, moist and juicy.  I have not tried any of their other offers but my husband said they have an awesome steak taco.  I'm not really into spicy foods so I find if I opt to pass on the salsa at other places the food taste bland but this isn't the case at Mama Lo Hizo's.  My choice is simple; two chicken tacos with cheese, lettuce and light sour cream.  If there was a taco heaven Mama's tacos would be the gate keepers.The prices are stellar as well.  Before I discovered Mama Lo Hizo's I would head on down to a popular fast food chain and easily drop $7 on a combo meal and I would feel like a lazy sack of goo after eating it.  For $5.50 I get two hefty tacos (and I'm not exaggerating here) and a can of pop.  Once I thought I was starving and bought three tacos only to discover that I could barely finish the first two!Their ingredients are home made, fresh and crisp.  I've heard Mama's has killer fish tacos and if I could ever pull myself away from the chicken I would try them.  Maybe tomorrow I'll do that.
<review# 434,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2013,8/26/2013,66,248,2,3,3>So far we love this place! The only thing not to love was the wait which ended up being about an hour and fifteen minutes, we were seated at around 10pm, this was on the first Friday night they were open though. They do offer a text based notification system, so while you're waiting for your table you can browse the shops at the Greene. The beer selection was first rate, they had a little bit of everything and a nice beer menu to describe each one, love that!The pizza selection was fantastic! Some really unique pies, can't wait to try more of them! We opted for half grape (yes, grape pizza!) and half Cuban pulled pork. Both sides were amazing! The grape pizza has goat cheese and some other stuff on it with grapes cut in half and then baked, sounds bad but trust me, the flavors really work well together! The Cuban pulled pork pizza was even better, cilantro, onions, pineapples, pulled port, jalapenos, it was really great! Prices were pretty reasonable, the service was great with no problems at all. The only reason not to give them 5 stars was the wait really and I think that will mellow out as the newness wears off. Can't wait to try them again soon!
<review# 435,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2013,8/25/2013,20,109,3,4,2>I have just two words to say about Velvet Smoke... "Pulled Pork Sandwich".Oops, that's three words. But it was worth the extra effort because it was delicious with a capital D.Which would be Delicious.I happened across this place by total accident. Findlay Market was the aimed-for turn around point on an 8-mile walk from Newport and... well, there's no other way to say this... I started to get hungry. (Hey, don't judge.... who doesn't get hungry in Findlay Market?). The wife, an almost far-too-sensible wife, opted for a sensible salad from another vendor. On the way to that vendor we passed Velvet Smoke who were displaying some kind of HUGE cookery competition trophy behind their counter. This looked like something more substantial than just "a major award" ( of "A Christmas Story") and my eyes were drawn first drawn to it and then to the menu board located next to it.Suddenly, $6 for a pulled pork sammich served with slaw and chips sounded like the best idea in the world. And WHAT an idea! Very VERY tasty pork that came with just the right level of tanginess and spice and which just fell apart as I attacked it with my fork. (I can't speak for everyone else but I personally find the idea of picking up a messy sandwich with my hands abhorrent).So good that I still working out when I can maybe walk to Findlay Market again. Or maybe I can simply rent an apartment nearby or something? Yummmmm!
<review# 436,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2013,8/24/2013,27,172,2,4,2>Concert on the Green has been going on for a few years, and I think they have a good thing going.  Each Wednesday in the summer, they have live music on the lawn of the Clifton Cultural Arts Center-each week is something different and usually enjoyable.  There's usually a good crowd and they have a food truck or two.  This summer, they had one food truck/vendor and one dessert cart/vendor/truck at each show.  You can follow them on Facebook for the updates of who will be there each week (this is also helpful in the event of inclement weather).  In addition to the vendors, you're welcome to bring your own picnic and cooler (adult beverages allowed), blanket and chair.  It is family friendly, there's usually a craft corner to the right of the stage for the kids, but there's also kids running around and having fun with their neighbors.  If you're hoping for a quiet night of easy listening music, this is probably not your scene, as there are always kids running around or groups of neighbors/friends sitting and chatting over the music-I think it's kind of great because that's Clifton-eclectic, friendly, and diverse.  This is truly an all ages event as you have the kids running around, young folks from the neighborhood, and older couples/folks enjoying the scene.Logistics:  The CCAC is open during the concert for restrooms and drinking fountains.  Parking is available off McAlpin both in the lot by the Clifton Rec Center and in the circle front of the Fairview School.  I usually do a quick dousing of bug repellent as I have had issues with mosquitoes there in the past. People are usually coming and going and up and moving around throughout the night, so don't fret if you're running late.  The CCAC does have a table with additional information about their programs and a jar for donations.  I have noticed that there hasn't been a plethora of drinks available for purchase each week, so you may want to be sure to bring your own.Good work CCAC, keep it up!  It's a great event to get people out in the neighborhood.
<review# 437,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2013,8/23/2013,188,104,3,6,3>Oh Eli's - talk about a gem hidden in the back pocket of the Queen City. I'm pretty notoriously hard to please, but Eli's blew my mind and my taste buds. It restored my faith and hope in the culinary scene in Cincinnati. When you first get to Eli's, it's literally like walking into someone's kitchen. Talk about a homey experience. While you're waiting in line (and there's ALWAYS a line), peruse the milk crate of albums to your right. If you eat inside, you can DJ your own meal. The menu is fairly limited though - or discerning, if you want a positive spin. You can choose from the pulled pork, smoked turkey sandwich, or hot dog a la carte for $5 or as a platter which comes with either of the above and two sides for $8. The pulled pork is phenomenal. It is smoky and has just the right amount of BBQ sauce. The sauce is not too sweet and is full of spices, making every bite a really bold and flavorful experience. The ribs are delicious - those you have to purchase a la carte. They are moist and you just know they've been cooking low and slow all day, just waiting for you to come eat it. Now let's talk sides. I always get the jalapeño cornbread and the jalapeño grits. I have never been disappointed. The cornbread is moist and complements my pulled pork oh so well. Though I'm not normally a fan of grits, the grits at Eli's are smooth, creamy, and have a slight kick from the jalapeños. There's not even a morsel left over when I'm done with it.  I'm also not a big fan of Mac-n-cheese but I'd happily eat a whole tub of it if it were made at Eli's. The Mac is not overcooked and limp, and there isn't so much cheese you'll get a coronary just looking at it. Don't get me wrong. It's still cheesy but it's not too ridiculously rich, just ridiculously good. What other praises could I sing of Eli's? The outside seating is basically benches at a backyard BBQ, as if you were just attending a good friend cookout. So it's a really down home and unpretentious experience. Oh and did I mention it's BYO? I don't know why you're still reading this review. Hurry up and go get yourself some Eli's. I'll probably see you in line.
<review# 438,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2013,8/22/2013,1,58,,5,3>Went to the Indigo Girls show last night with my wife. This was our first visit to the Madison Theater. I was a bit worried after reading the reviews about the staff not being friendly and the service at the bar being slow. I have to say that I thought the staff was friendly and the service at the bar was very good. I thought this was excellent, since the show was sold out. We enjoyed the venue. We were right in front of the stage. The Indigo Girls put on a great show. We will come back  for shows in the future.  Plenty of free parking close by was an added bonus.
<review# 439,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2013,8/21/2013,112,240,4,6,5>I'm so relieved that Cincinnati has a venue like Bogart's. It's reminiscent of several other venues I've been to that seem to straddle the line between grungy and comfortable. First and foremost, I appreciate the size. It's not too big and not too small-- my favorite type of place to be when I want to watch a really cool band play live music. Bogarts has a bar, so they check for ID at the door and give you a wrist band if you want to drink. I thought it was odd how they were advertising PBRs and such, but if that brings in the money, then why am I questioning our country's trust in capitalism?Sorry, too far.The restrooms were downstairs, and surprisingly kempt.I think the ticket prices are typically over $20 for the type of artists Bogart's attracts. If you come when doors open, you may be able to find parking (which I think is free after six) along the row of restaurants. Otherwise, I assume you'd have to be prepared to scour for parking on the street.I'd love to come back if a band I know is playing.
<review# 440,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2012,8/20/2013,24,59,5,3,2>DOJO!!!! If you have been to Findlay Market, aren't lactose intolerant or a vegan and you haven't had Dojo you need to reevaluate your priorities. Everything about this stand is perfect, of course the Gelato is great, but you know they are good people when the free company stickers are a play on tasting spoons and the Black Flag bar logo!This isn't ice cream, this is so much more. Ultra creamy and silky smooth, this frozen treat has no equal in the area. Sure, we are blessed with several great ice cream shops in Cincinnati, but remember this isn't ice cream.A simple look at the constantly rotating flavors and you know you are in for something special. With standards like mexican vanilla, dutch chocolate and salted carmel side by side with creative flavors like fluffernutter, captain crunch and the notorious sriracha peanut-butter this is OH! OH! OH! AND THEY MAKE HUDY GELATO!!! YES HUDY GELATO!!! Sorry where was I? its good stuff.Dojo is more than just gelato though. They have some of the best coffee in the area and several different floats ranging from coffee and gelato to the truly magical El Mariachi, Mexican Coke and the Mexican Vanilla float.Do yourself a favor, eat more Dojo! 4 out of 5 doctors recommend at least one serving a week!
<review# 441,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2011,8/19/2013,46,254,,4,3>Finally a REAL fabric store in Cincinnati! I've been waiting a looonnnngggg time for this place and for a while I thought I'd have to open up a place myself!Tons of designer fabrics. Lovely decor. Lots of classes. Fantastic patterns. Friendly and helpful staff. Coffee shop next door. Sewn Studio is a perfect contemporary fabric store.
<review# 442,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2011,8/18/2013,20,5,2,5,2>I've been looking for a good shoe repair shop ever since Kathman's Shoe Repair closed and I think I've found one with Mt. Lookout Shoe Repair.  I went in for a basic heel tip repair (of pumps) and the workmanship was excellent; they also repaired/replaced the toe of the shoe.  My shoes look nearly new again!  I took in four more pairs of shoes later that week.
<review# 443,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2012,8/17/2013,74,158,2,5,2>I stumbled upon this place a few months ago but to my dismay it was closed! So I bookmarked it and vowed to return - which I did yesterday. Once the employees learned that it was our first visit to Lobsta Bakes they made sure to explain what was in their cases and tell what was the typical customer favorites. I quickly realized that this place reminded me of my favorite seafood market in Key West - which is extremely exciting!I was impressed by the fact that all seafood was flown in fresh daily. The prices were comparable to the fish vendors at Findlay Market where we typically buy our fish, and I know that half the fish at Findlay has been frozen. We ended up buying a tuna and swordfish fillet and they were delicious! As we were waiting for our fish to be packaged we were offered freshly cooked seafood burgers and sausages and they were delicious! I didn't have high hopes since they're filled with seafood I typically don't like such as shrimp and lobster but I was pleasantly surprised. If it weren't for that taste I probably wouldn't buy those in the future but they're on my to-buy list for next time. A great tip we were given is that if we really want and plan on picking it up after work to call ahead because they often sell out.
<review# 444,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/3/2013,8/16/2013,213,90,3,5,3>Pleasantly surprised!  I had Saturday brunch ($21.99/person) and Sunday dinner ($22.99/person).  The menu changed very little between these two times.Upon entering the buffet for the first time, the manager took us out to our seats and explained the various sections of the buffet.  This added a personal touch to the service which I really appreciated.  The sections in the buffet are:1. Rhineland - Their so-called German food section.  This area contained foods such as bratwursts, country fried steak, fish and chips, mashed potatoes, chili, gravy, etc. 2. Marketplace - Essentially the salad bar3. Heartland - Contained all the prime meats including smoked brisket, top sirloin steaks, honey-glazed ham, prime rib, Italian sausage, etc.4. Asian - Had the usual orange chicken, chow mein, kim chi, fried rice, etc.  What really surprised me is that they had a little dim sum section that had siomai, dumplings, and more.  5. Mexican - Beef fajitas, quesadillas, beans, chili, classic Mexican dishes6. Italian - For brunch this section contained the breakfast foods such as pancakes, French toast, scrambled eggs, bacon, etc.  For dinner this section contained pasta, pizza, stuffed shells, citrus-braised chicken, and some others.7. Dessert - LOVED THIS SECTION!  They had ample selection of petite desserts such as red velvet cupcake, chocolate mouse, raspberry mouse, pecan tart, fruit tart, key lime pie, oreo cheesecake, and others.  Not to mention, they serve Graeter's ice cream as well!Overall, I though the buffet served good quality food!  The fruits and salads tasted very fresh.  The tomato mozzarella salad was to die for!  The smoked brisket was one of my favorites.  The meat was tender and really had that smoky taste to it.  The sirloin steak was perfectly cooked.  The desserts were moist and nicely presented.  I'm especially critical of the Asian food, but even the dim sum section was actually satisfactory.  I loved that the organization and presentation of the food were clearly thought-out.  Service was excellent, servers always had our glasses full the entire time.  Would definitely recommend this as a good all-around buffet that offers a wide variety of foods fit for the different taste buds in your family!
<review# 445,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2013,8/15/2013,278,854,,4,5>Cross this one off my bucket list!Waaaay back in December I bought a Groupon for this place and like many of us, waited until the last minute and due to weather, they rescheduled my flight twice. They can't control the weather or take the risk of accidents, so that is totally understandable. (They have a number to call day of that will alert you if the flight is a go or cancelled.)Finally the weather cooperated and I was pumped. While it was a humid 90+F and I was about 2 feet from the balloon's 3 burners, I took it all in stride and just enjoyed the view.The staff and main balloon man Brian made sure everyone was aware of all safety precautions including how to brace oneself during landing. The views are mostly of farms and country with some cul-de-sacs thrown in for variety. I was a nerd and wore my running watch and it showed a distance traveled of about 3 or 4 miles and a flight time of about 45 minutes. This time was just about right in my opinion. The basket included myself, the pilot, and about 10 or so other people. It wasn't too tight but the basket itself is divided down the middle. They provided water bottles which helped keep everyone cool. Brian answered everyone's questions without appearing annoyed or put off, and considering he probably gets asked the same questions every trip, that's saying something.Brian took a couple group photos during the ride with a camera rigged to the balloon and at the end of the trip the flash drive with those images as well as some stock video footage are only $15. I think that's a great deal so I picked that up too. At the end there was a group champagne toast. I won't spoil how he opened the bottle, but I'll give ya a hint, it involves broken glass. :)Due to the price, this is a special event only kinda deal, but it's worth it and I recommend it.
<review# 446,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2013,8/14/2013,210,324,2,2,2>This review starts and ends with what I consider a signature pastry that may not get a lot of play in the food circuit. We're talking about the goetta danish,  before you gross out, imagine a slightly sweet, flaky danish with just the right amounts of icing and crumbles on top.  Just the way you like it, then add the slightly savory flavor of the goetta, and you've got a sweet salty treat that makes for another one of my odd cravings.  Seriously, this place is comfortable, with a few tables, but their bakery side, in my opinion, is the strong side. (LEFT SIDE!) order it, it's one of my top 10 snack experiences of the city.
<review# 447,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/18/2013,8/13/2013,125,1068,2,2,2>If you like nostalgia and homemade cooking. This is the place to go.  I got the fried chicken, which was good, but it wasn't hot.  I like the decor and the atomosphere.My favorite is the backyard where they had a little store and farm animals.  Overall, its a great place, but I wasn't impress with the food, but I really loved the history and building.
<review# 448,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2013,8/12/2013,97,120,2,3,2>So my boyfriend and I were driving a friend home after a night out and I stated (not to anyone's surprise): "I'm hungry!"  For some unknown reason (I think we were an exit or two away) my boyfriend suggested this place.  And nearly lost it when both myself and the poor third-wheel-friend looked at him blankly.  He acted as though it was the greatest privilege and honor for him to introduce us to this godsend of a diner.  This place is the epitome of an old-school diner, ashtrays on each Formica table and all.  I half expected to walk in and see my deceased grandmother (God rest her wonderful soul) sitting at the counter with a Diet Coke, a greasy cheeseburger and a cigarette dangling out of her hand.  I will admit that I was slightly under the influence of alcohol, so that should be taken into account as I wax poetic about this place.  However, we were all starving, and the Coke and grilled cheese I consumed seemed like manna from heaven at that point.  I loved the weird clientele and random jukebox picks, could have lived without the blue cloud of cigarette smoke (but then again, it added something to the atmosphere).  I will probably not eat here during daylight hours and I most certainly will not bring my mother here.  However, it was more than alright in my book.
<review# 449,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2013,8/11/2013,13,31,13,11,3>This place was highly recommended to me, so I made the journey to a place where no unmarried man has gone before: Suburbia.It was well worth the journey. My go-to for casual Mediterranean has always been Chicago Gyros, but that Gyro King has been dethroned. Maaake waaaay for Prinnnncee Ali* and Durum Grill.I went at an odd hour (330pm on a Saturday), but I've heard that Durum has a line out the door during weekday lunch. So I was quite surprised about the nice size of the place. And I was pleasantly surprised by the tastiness of the food.It's not greasy like Chicago Gyros, which is the Five Guys of the Middle East. I first had the Lamb Doner Kebab. If you've ever met me, you know that lamb gives me a (rhymes with doner). This doner was delectably delicious. Then I treated myself to a Chop Chicken Salad, which should make other restaurants ashamed of themselves, they're doing it all wrong compared to this one.The guys who work there are super friendly and eager to help, which makes it easy to make me smiley. Three thumbs up for customer service (counting one big toe). In summary:1) Get the Doner Kebab2) Get another Doner Kebab *Every Gyro review deserves at least one Aladdin reference
<review# 450,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2013,8/9/2013,29,7,,11,3>I've been here twice now, and I'm going to continue to enjoy the emptiness and friendliness of this place until all of you discover that it exists.The name of the restaurant is appropriate for two reasons - the portions are street food-sized, and the menu's arms wrap all the way around the Asian continent.  So far, I've had the Malaysian Chow Kueh Teow and the Massaman Curry Chicken.  Big Bowl nailed both of them.  The fried gyoza has a sweet fresh crispiness that gives way to a generous several bites of meat inside.  Next time I'll be hitting either something Malaysian with a little more heat, one of their Tom Yum dishes, or I may spring for the pho. The restaurant was very clean, and the decor improved from the old Linh's.  Service was quick both times, and I enjoyed talking to the staff until my food was ready.  Great experiences all around.
<review# 451,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2013,8/8/2013,75,16,,2,4>Stopped in for the first time to check out 4EG's new concept in Clifton today and I was very impressed. It's always nice to check out a brand new space, especially when you've got the expertise of a great company backing the whole thing up.The St. Clair will remind you of Lackmann or Righteous Room with it's smaller size and posh decor. Taking it a step further with crafted cocktails complete with fresh squeezed juices helps SC stand out above other spots in the neighborhood. I'm pleased that it's a short 5 minute drive or 15 minute walk from home... Bank account beware!But with bucket specials and a sweet happy hour I'm really not too worried.The staff today were very friendly, and though it wasn't yet busy for early happy hour, they weren't over bearing either.Thank you Madeline & Lauren for being such gracious hosts to my solo experience at The St. Clair today, you won't go wrong with these two holding down the fort.Good service, great drinks, good beer selection and did I mention great service?!Check it out!
<review# 452,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2013,8/7/2013,107,200,6,8,7>Kenwood Theater is definitely my favorite movie theater in the Cincinnati area and here are some reasons why: * This place is impeccably clean. Not once have my feet ever even come close to sticking to the floor. It's just pretty and sparkly and new looking all the time. I love it.* Tickets are cheaper here than at larger chains, and they always offer a military discount as well as other discount nights for students and the general public.* Booze and cupcakes are available for purchase. Really, I could have just written this reason and it would have sufficed for the entire review. * It's owned and run by the same folks that own and run the Esquire Theater and the Mariemont Theater, two other wonderful establishments in our lovely city, so you are supporting local business when you visit Kenwood Theater.* The chairs here are so freakin' comfy and the theaters are small and cozy (and clean, did I mention clean?). I enjoy smaller theaters, because I feel like I'm just hanging out in my billionaire BFF's home theater. This might be a weird mentality but so be it.* I can't say this with 100% confidence, but I'm pretty sure Kenwood Theater doesn't mind if you bring in food from the surrounding businesses (Dewey's, Orange Leaf). I've seen families go into the theater with entire pizzas.I'm sure I could keep writing reasons why I love Kenwood Theater, but I'll stop here. If you see a movie at Kenwood Theater, you won't want to go anywhere else!
<review# 453,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2013,8/6/2013,69,143,3,3,4>Came here for a graduation celebratory dinner. Being the first one in my party on a Saturday night, I expected the place to be filling up around 5 pm. It turned out that I was the first one in there, period! I felt silly for having made reservations.True to its name, Wine Guy (now named "WG Kitchen and Bar" or something generic, which is unfortunate cuz I think Wine Guy sounds cuter) has an extensive wine list, and even wine flights where you get to sample a variety of wines all at once. I didn't get to try any that day, as I am a lightweight and wanted to avoid the buzz. But the option is there!I did try the grilled steak salad. It was one of the best steak salads I've ever had, because unlike many other places, they marinate the meat in something HEAVENLY. The french-fried slivers of onion and blue cheese crumbles added extra flavor to the veggies, which I was obviously less excited about. It's pretty much summer, I am female, and thus by ordering salad I was doing my best to prep for the 2 months that I will be wearing next to nothing. But I digress...again. I loved my food. Everyone else loved their food. The inside was just as lovely as the outside patio, where overhead grapevines provided shade for tables and chairs. Service was friendly and prompt. Waitress was a bit weird, but I'm not sure I could've done much better. Also, I really want to give this place 5 stars. So 5 stars it is!
<review# 454,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2013,8/5/2013,181,524,,6,1>$6 lunch with a slice as big as your head, choice of HUGE breadstick, salad, or dessert, and a drink? Who could complain? The pizza is good, with a nice crisp to the crust, which I love. I see on the sign there are bloody marys and breakfast pizza brunch on the weekends, which I'm going to have to check out. There's a nice patio out back and some sidewalk seating for the nicer weather, and some indoor seating, as well. Solid pizza joint.
<review# 455,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2013,8/4/2013,29,222,,2,3>So. Much. Fun.My husband and I shipped our babies off to Nana's to enjoy the Saturday lineup at the Bunbury Music Festival. Next year, when they are a bit older, we would definitely take them (along with professional kids' hearing protection-- boo to all you parents letting your kids get blasted).As it should be, the 2013 band lineup was the highlight of the festival, but it was a close call! The beautiful park setting, plenty of space to spread out, stellar food truck vendors and a reasonably well-mannered crowd all contributed to the magic of Bunbury. However, acts like CAKE, Twenty-One Pilots and even some of the bands during the afternoon really make this festival a must for music lovers. For around $50, we got to see several quality shows.My only nit-pick is that Bear Hands played opposite CAKE. No fair! But I guess nothing in life is perfect.
<review# 456,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2013,8/3/2013,65,138,5,4,3>A Tavola truly is "as good as it gets!". I love, love, love, love this place. Here's why:Even though at times it can be busy, you always get seated very quickly. I've actually never had to wait but I also don't usually have big parties with me. The service is phenomenal. These people KNOW their pizza. It's really helpful to have such great servers, because I don't know what half the ingredients on the menu are. They always explain everything to me, in depth, if I need it. The food comes out so fast! I recommend ordering a beer and a house salad (their vinaigrette is amazing), and by the time you're done with that, your pizza comes. Just like that. Super easy.THE PIZZA. Oh my god, THE PIZZA. I love thin crust, so this is right up my alley. Also not a huge fan of sauce, so the fig jam and prosciutto is perfect for me, and it's the most delicious sweet pizza, you'll ever have in your life. They are a great size too - perfect for sharing with another person. FYI, If you don't like pizza, the meatballs are JUST as good. And don't forget to save room for dessert! Their Sea Salt Gelato with caramel and roasted marshmallows....ugh, there are no words for how delicious it is.They have an amazingly valuable happy hour, especially if you're interested in beer by the pitcher (who isn't?). But even if you don't go during Happy Hour, the prices are really affordable. My boyfriend and I went recently - each of us had a beer, an appetizer, shared the pizza, and I had dessert - our total was only $35! A steal! I would give this place SIX stars if I could!
<review# 457,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/27/2013,8/2/2013,1081,373,4,7,5>Looking for some BBQ with some soul in the 'Nati? Hit up Alabama Que for some finger licking, stomach sticking slam!I grabbed the pulled pork and chicken sandwiches with green beans, Mac and cheese, baked beans and potato salad. Okay, so I'll need to hit the gym too, but damn it was worth it!Is there molasses and nutmeg in the baked beans? Something really interesting and delicious is going on there! The Pulled chicken and pork sandwiches have a more sauce than smoke. They were very moist and juicy. The green beans and potato salad were fairly good, and the Mac and cheese was average.This place is very down to earth, charming and really affordable!  Put this soul food BBQ joint in your "que!"
<review# 458,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2013,8/1/2013,18,131,,3,3>Stopped in here last Saturday night to have a beer and then take some away for dinner at a BYOB restaurant.  If you've toured breweries and been to tap rooms in other cities, then you probably know what you're in for here.  If you are not a beer-tourist, you might be a bit surprised by how industrial it feels.  This is an active, real life brewery, with a simple tap room inside.  That said, these guys did a good job making the space feel comfortable and inviting despite the fact that it is pretty sparse.  First off, despite the slightly off the beaten path location (still very convenient, it's just that Kennedy isn't a road you're likely to be strolling down anytime soon), the signage is very good.  Could perhaps use a better sign for the door, because we opened a door we weren't sure we were supposed to open, although it turned out to get us where we needed to go.  Inside, there is an L-shaped bar and 3-4 high top tables.  Corn hole tables, darts and restrooms round out the scene.  They have 4 or 5 beers on tap right now, which you can order in pints or as a sampler.  They'll also fill growlers and sell six packs, which is a nice option when you aren't sure you'll finish a full growler of draft beer.  I hope they eventually branch out and add some seasonal or experimental beers to the repetoire as business grows.
<review# 459,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2013,7/31/2013,11,49,4,3,3>So what does one say when one experiences essence of goodness and elixir of culinary happiness muddled together in a cauldron and left simmering for hours?  I am not sure what you say quite frankly...What I can say is that K452, as I have now officially dubbed it, is a great little place on Woodburn Ave.  It's the kind of place that  makes you want to camp out, put on the "Into the Wild" soundtrack (if you don't like Eddie Vedder you can just stop reading right now) and just be there. Super clean and fresh, I think they even filter the air which gives it a certain "Rivendell" quality. The staff is terrific sporting an enthusiastic and friendly vibe (but certainly not in the weird "eat this wheat grass of you are not welcome" kind of way). The food is what you would expect, tons of flavor and goodness without making you feel like you need to go do Crossfit ex-post. Prices are a little high, but I understand that and honestly I am ok with it if it makes the place work. Oh and order the coffee...it makes for a great little capstone. Cheers!
<review# 460,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2013,7/30/2013,16,184,,10,3>Had a surprisingly GREAT experience here. I say surprisingly, because usually when salons are running crazy deals like these guys were (free bikini waxes for first time customers) it's maybe not the best place- but au contraire- this place was the bomb.I had Karine (hope I'm spelling that right) and she was the best waxer I've ever had.  She was fast, efficient, and made it very clear that she prides herself on doing the best job and making sure I left happy.  Also, they use this hard wax that is less painful, less mess and makes the process a lot faster and easier. In addition, the front desk staff were extremely friendly and welcoming. Their decor is also very cool and chic.  This is a great location with a great staff! 5 stars fo sho.
<review# 461,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2013,7/29/2013,68,235,2,3,3>This review is for the pool-only.I love the Cincinnati Rec pools system! $25 bucks for the whole summer or $2/visit (which is what I do).  I especially love this pool, which tends to be way, way, way less crowded than Mt. Adams and has a parking lot :) Last year they even had donut floaties that were fair use for everyone but I think this year they may only have pool noodles. The lifeguards at this location are also always very friendly and nice and chatty. One star off because the first visit I made this year (on last saturday) was full of screaming kids, and last year my mom and I were often the only people there. The secret of Le Blond may be out!
<review# 462,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2013,7/28/2013,8,54,1,5,2>From what I've seen around Cincinnati, most Indian food around here is the same except for the naan and the service, which is where Shaan excels.So let's start with the service.  In short, it is quick and attentive.  More details?  Well... I don't think I have had an empty water glass while there.  That can be a challenge since I guzzle it down when I order dishes that are spicier than I can handle.  One would think I would learn after a while...  One of the older men takes orders without a notepad.  We think he got one of our orders wrong, but I can't really tell the difference too much from the chicken dishes. He makes up for it by being very friendly and will love to have a conversation with you.The food is good, nothing really makes it stand out more than the other places than the naan.  It seems homemade and fresh and makes Shaan stand out above the rest.  There is also a special on the chicken dishes on Saturday, so be sure to check it out.  Good food, friendly service... someone's doing it right.
<review# 463,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2013,7/27/2013,138,79,2,3,2>Sebastian's has been the "it place" to get Gyros for many years in Cincinnati. This was my third trip overall, but my first since 2006 or so.A small, divey family owned shop... Sebastian's is situated oddly on a corner of a main road through the West side of Cincinnati with limited parking in the back. Nearby are a couple small shops with limited hours which increase the parking slightly.This trip was made with a group of people, about ten (10) of us. Sebastian's is a small place which is CASH ONLY establishment so the line (and there's usually a line) moves along somewhat slowly with a sizable group. Not the best if you have a group larger than say six (6) people, but well worth the effort even if you do.I came prepared to share, so I snagged a nice sized table and when it was my turn to order I asked for the Gyro Dinner Plate with sides of Spanakopita, Stuffed Grape Leaves, Fries and Baklava (which I didn't share... it's MINE!)Most of my group also went with a Gyro or Gyro plate, but some did go for the grape leaves dinner. Either way, most all were satisfied, with only one feeling they could've had better elsewhere. Not bad for a group of ten.I was thoroughly impressed by my Gyro and the grape leaves. The Spanakopita didn't seem like the best effort was made to me. The Baklava was fantastic, but the fries were about average.Overall I'm glad I was able to bring my group here to a small family owned place with good food and plenty of personality. Though things were slow due to the size and layout of the restaurant, I don't feel it detracted too much.I'll certainly be back, and recommend you drop in as well.
<review# 464,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2013,7/26/2013,181,295,,4,4>Since moving back from California, I have searched high and low for a GOOD salad restaurant. How I miss sweet tomatoes and fresh choice, all you can eat salad bar with fresh ingredients for a low price! So imagine my elation when my cousin introduced me to ingredients! You don't actually get to put your own ingredients in (they do it for you) but there are so many to choose from! and it isn't over-priced! and they are FRESH! my favorite is the green salad with salmon and edamame, etc. So delicious!! A new lunch time fave!
<review# 465,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2013,7/25/2013,20,131,3,5,3>Well I was craving a Gyro and wanted to try somewhere new.. I saw Uncle Mo's had a couple of good reviews, so I figured I would check them out. It is a true Mom and Pop restaurant. The guy behind the grill (assuming he is the owner everyone talks about) was cracking me up. He was over the top nice. It is him and one woman working with him. She took my order and he read it like 4 times making sure he got the order right because I asked to grill the onions and no lettuce or tomato on my Gyro. He apologized the order taking so long because took him a few extra minutes to grill the onions. Personally it was about a 10-15 minute wait but considering I didn't call it in and just showed up. I think it was not bad on time at all. I ordered a Gyro, side of humus and pita bread. The gyro was perfectly flavored, a nice large portion of the lamb meat and the right amount of tzatziki sauce. (He recommended next try it with cheese.) The humus had a good creamy texture. The pita bread was super soft and tasty! I will be back to try the chicken for sure! He serves up a mean Gyro for such a nice guy!
<review# 466,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2011,7/24/2013,60,98,,7,4>This coffee shop is one of Cincinnati's best kept secrets. I had no idea that when I ordered a latte, it would be the BEST LATTE IN CINCINNATI. And I've been around and tried a lot of coffee at a variety of places. It's like none of the rest of them are even trying or something. It is that delicious.Add to this a mighty fine grilled cheese sandwich, some lovely ambiance, and a fantastic soundtrack, and Corner Bloc is easily the best haven for writers in this city. I feel very happy to have found it, though I wish it were located in my neighborhood since I rarely get over to that side of the world. It is definitely worth a bit of a drive for a Saturday of writing.
<review# 467,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2011,7/23/2013,68,19,2,3,4>Without Dogtown Cincinnati, I could not have gotten my wonderful puppy. Working a job where my hours are long and irregular, it is unfair to leave my 6 month old Jack-Russell/Beagle at home.I can drop my dog off anytime I want from 5AM to 11PM and pick him up when I need to and he is there, well taken care of, well fed, and well exercised. Megan, the owner of Dogtown loves every dog as her own and is very attentive and flexible. All the dogs are temperment tested and with proof of vaccinations.My dog is always excited to go to dogtown and I am excited that I don't have to leave him at home!
<review# 468,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2012,7/22/2013,16,97,2,4,3>Cheapest dry-cleaning in cincinnati, hands down. I hate ironing my shirts. I hate it. So i am always on the lookout for a cheap place to get my shirts cleaned and ironed.  I did a lot of research on this, and because i travel from Hyde Park to Mason every day there were a lot of places where i could have given my shirts. I got this place from reddit, and the service is always great. Right now (2012) prices are 1.69 for a shirt when you give 3 or more shirts. And i go here weekly so that is not a problem. I have a widmers right outside my home, but i don't mind driving 2 miles to get here.Cheap and fast, thats Cleaner concepts. Disclaimer: I have never given them anything except shirts and some bed sheets. YMMV.
<review# 469,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/12/2011,7/21/2013,6,55,3,3,2>Zoup? This is a question my coworkers and I ask each other on a regular basis. Text messages are sent in advance of working hours, and we all know each other's favorites.It might be called an addiction. I think the real definiton of an addiction is that there's a downside.This is Zoup. There is no downside. Seriously, a dozen fresh soups every day, multiple choices of bread to go with it. If you did that permutation/combination thing you learned in high school algebra, the number of possibilities just might blow your mind.Also, amount of food you get with their 1/2 and 1/2 combo rivals Panera. If they delivered, I might just do a happy dance. Maybe someday.Top picks so far:1) Cheeseburger Royale2) Crab Bisque3) New England Clam ChowderYour turn:1)2)3)
<review# 470,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2011,7/20/2013,57,343,2,3,2>Yesterday (12/8/11) I was down here getting some stuff for a dinner party I am cooking for tomorrow. I was hungry and wanted to get lunch from somewhere I have not tried yet and boy I was impressed.  Meredith the co-owner/co-chef was very helpful and I got the three salad lunch for 7.99.  I asked Meredith for favorites and she pointed out the cous cous with edame and dressed with toasted sesame oil, it was really good ,the sesame oil somewhat overpowered it though.  For my second salad I tried the curry chicken with grapes and it was delicious as I have heard from all my friends. The curry doesn't over power the chicken, but rounds it out.  For my third salad I had to try the egg less egg salad made with tofu. Where has this salad been all my life, I am not usually a fan of egg salad, but after eating this I am.  I had been intrigued when I saw the egg less egg salad in Polly Campbell's new favorite dish and it is a winner. Sure the prices are a bit higher than your grocery store deli, but hey they make everything there almost every day and the staff is super friendly. This is now going to be a must stop when I go to Findlay market.
<review# 471,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2013,7/19/2013,142,162,3,5,3>$4 Banh Mi Dac Biet was a great lunch decision. Baguette was perfectly toasted. Crisp, crunchy on the outside, lightly mayo-ed on the inside. Not dense like most banh mi breads. This gave room for the fresh veggies in the middle to breathe, and there was just enough pork and pate! (Note: Some people might prefer a thicker proportion of meat, but I thought it was just enough to be delicious and not overwhelming). My friend got the pho (we tag team) and declared the broth flavorful. Happy to report we were not food coma'd by the end of this meal. Fulfilling. 4 bucks well spent.
<review# 472,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2013,7/18/2013,103,130,4,6,5>This place is hella crazy (I'm really basing this off of one food item, which I'll introduce later)!  Just so you know, this place has the same owners as Pho Lang Tang in Findlay Market, so if you like that place, you'll like this one too.This is not your typical Over-the Rhine restaurant.  A lot of the ones that are popping up in the area can be a bit pricey, and have upwards of a three-hour wait.  When I went there this past weekend, I checked at 5 places, all of which had a 3-hour wait, except for Quan Hapa, which had no wait!!  Additionally, the prices are very do-able - afterall, they do claim it as being "Asian Street Food", and not upscale classy dining like others.They have some of your typical Asian foods like rolls and rice & noodle dishes, but what is really exciting is the off-the-wall items. I was not hungry enough to try more than one, so on my next visit, I plan to try the Octopus Japanese Pancake - sssaaaaaay whaaaat!?  Yeah, sounds crazy doesn't it!The exotic item I tried was the Balut...that's right, a fertilized duck egg.  It is exactly what you expect - completely and utterly weird, but I pride myself on trying the unique items. The egg was cooked like a hard boiled egg, or so it seemed. Inside you had your normal yolk and white, and a partially forming duck - sorry, not trying to gross anyone out.  That part actually tasted a bit like duck - who knew?  The rest of the egg was similar consistency to a hard-boiled egg, except the bottom which was both soft & crunchy at the same time - best way to describe it. I think that had to do with the cooking process. Our server was impressed that two of us at the table tried it - he said he wouldn't try it sober...great sales pitch...The place is worth going to, and I'd recommend you try some of their exotic dishes - they're identified on the menu.
<review# 473,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2013,7/17/2013,68,127,2,3,2>Best ice cream place within several miles, love this place. They are famous for their blue ice cream which takes cues from the famous version served at Kings Island. Their selection is top notch and the service is great. No complains except for the fact that they aren't open year-round!
<review# 474,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2013,7/16/2013,48,174,2,9,2>Listen up ladies who have are sporting that thick unmanageable tangle of hair... You need to get yourself and your hair over to see Samantha at Salon Beck. She is the master at taming thick hair into a super cute, flattering, and easy to manage medium to short style! She makes sure you look great and love your new locks! But be warned, she's so awesome that she does book up a few weeks ahead of time if you want an after 5 appointment. So, plan ahead!
<review# 475,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2013,7/15/2013,21,165,4,5,5>The Ghost of the Rhine has risen, and luckily, it brought the beer!Rhinegeist, definitely the coolest name for locally brewed beer, and it's right here in Cincinnati's Over The Rhine brewery district, in fact in the exact building where countless Moerlein beers were brewed many decades ago.The space is gigantic.  They probably only use about 50% of the floor space.  Nice touch is that they had the MusicNOW Festival's art installation pieces hanging in the unused area.  There are long reused wood tables and benches and hugely tall ceilings with many skylights for nice natural daylight.  The brewing tanks are prominently displayed (which I like in a tasting room.  You pretty much have to see where the magic is made at a tap room.  There was ping-pong and corn-hole for extracurriculars.  I must say, The Truth (IPA) was probably the most talked about of their 4 offerings.  I have a bonafide beer snob friend who declared it the best locally brewed IPA he'd had.  They offer pints, 32oz growlers, and 64oz growlers.  My advice: get a 32oz growler ($13/$11 new) and refill it for $8/$6 depending on the beer.  Refill your own glass, save $$.Rhinegeist  is a bit of an island, and that will be a hard point for them, but they are 1 block north of Findlay Market, and assuming they will foster that and make a relationship with them, and the fact that they have their own parking lot across the street, they really might have a run at the new focus on local Cincy brewed beers.  And they have sooo much space, they might want to consider hosting bands/circuses/small airlines to get people to fill the space.I had a great time at their soft opening, and wish them the best.  Look for Rhinegeist beers on tap where you drink!!
<review# 476,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2013,7/14/2013,3,26,2,3,2>I can't give this place less than 5 stars, because they have EVERYTHING.  Well, maybe not everything, but having an Asian grocery, Mexican grocery, and specialty meat/cheese shop in one place is enough to get me in the door.Your first trip can be a little overwhelming, due to the shear size and stuff you can find.  Expect to spend a few hours just checking it out.  I have a hard time getting out of here without dropping $100.If you're looking for some obscure ingredient, odds are they have it.  They are also really responsive to their Facebook page and can let you know if they have the item you're looking for and where you can find it.  This has saved me time on multiple occasions.This is a must for anyone visiting the area, but get there early or expect to park in BFE and fight a crowd once inside.
<review# 477,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2013,7/13/2013,211,416,2,5,5>I give Phoenician Taverna very high marks, especially if you don't mind coming out feeling like a clove of garlic. The 'garlic whip' is totally worth it, by the way.I like having a bunch of varied smaller bites at mealtimes, so the lunch mezze (lunch only) and hot mezze and cold mezze are usually the way I go. Some of my favorites are the fattoush, spiced aged feta, kibbeh and spicy hot kafta.The pita bread is no joke. Immediately served fresh out of the oven... the more puffed up it is, the fresher (and hotter... careful!) it is.Don't miss out on the desserts. I'm not a baklava fan so I didn't try it, but everything else housemade is killer. Try the sweet cheese crepe or warm cheese tart. Definitely worth a trip to Mason for lunch or dinner.
<review# 478,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2013,7/12/2013,4,41,2,2,2>If you are looking for some respite away from UC (DAAP) then go to Rohs Street. It is a change of pace from Sitwells and other coffee shops around UC campus. The quiet atmosphere allows for studying.  The variety of teas will make you fall in love. They offer pots of tea for only $3 and even keep the bags if you want to get another pot without charging you. The homemade goodies are delicious and more healthy than other places. Try the apple walnut muffin and Emerald Lily green tea.
<review# 479,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2013,7/11/2013,64,340,,5,2>Last week the newest features of the Smale Riverfront Park were dedicated and opened to the public. The Duke Energy Garden and Women's Committee Garden combine to more than double the amount of park space available.My favorite features of the Duke Energy Garden are a dozen family size swings that overlook the river. I sat on one of these swings for a few minutes and watched boats float by. I can already tell that these are going to be very popular.The Duke Energy Garden is the eastern most section of the park, just south of Great American Ball Park and to the east of the already popular Main Street Fountains. The pathways through the park are very close to connecting with the Ohio River Trail, which will soon link Smale with Yeatmans Cove, Sawyer Point, and Friendship Park, offering a mile and a half of continuous paved trail.Even though the new swings are my favorite part of the park, my son continues to love running through the interactive Main Street Fountains. But since the swings are just around the corner from the fountains, everyone wins!Construction continues on the west end of the park. The PNC Grow Up Great Adventure Playground, being built next to the Roebling Suspension Bridge, will open in May 2014. And it looks like funding is in place to have the Vine Street Fountain & Stairs, carousel, and carousel building open in time for the 2015 Major League Baseball All-Star Game.
<review# 480,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2013,7/10/2013,13,92,3,13,9>It's a view. You see things from up high. OK, now for the important details:This view is so much more than a tourist destination, it is a romantic rendezvous back to a period marked with growth, innovation and an appreciation for beauty. The Carew Tower itself is a singular diamond gracing the now-modernized city core at Fountain Square. Before the plasticy, 1970s skyscrapers were even conceived of, the Tower was built by hand, with stone, marble and brick - to undoubtedly outlast us all. The basement level arcade of this building is almost as noteworthy as its observation deck. The cool, dark marble and bronze arcade was a belief that beauty through architecture could overcome the test of time. It still remains, although shamefully overlooked, underneath the lobby of the Hotel.  You must deliberately descend to the lowest level to appreciate this fine detail.The Netherland Plaza Hotel, connected to the Carew Tower, is beyond stunning. A 1930's French Art Deco archetype, it has since been acquired by Hilton Hotels. Before the modern day mentality of creating buildings that will last only 20-30 years, the craftsmen of yesteryear adorned every inch of the Hotel lobby with marble, hand-cast Art Deco light fixtures, ceiling murals and gold leaf friezes. A Rookwood Pottery fountain, along with a wonderful bar at the Palm Court restaurant sit beneath the murals telling stories of 'ancient' American history.This building leaves many unanswered questions about modern day society. Namely: with more technology, why are we capable of so much less? Accounting for inflation, the 1929 $33 million price tag for this work of art puts it about equally priced compared to its atrocious postmodern neighbor: the Great American building. In comparisons of quality, the difference is striking. What has happened to art, craftsmanship, and a desire for beauty-entwined utility? In the words of a wise scholar:"The longer I live the more beautiful life becomes. If you foolishly ignore beauty, you will soon find yourself without it. Your life will be impoverished. But if you invest in beauty, it will remain with you all the days of your life."-Frank Lloyd Wright
<review# 481,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2013,7/8/2013,5,45,4,6,5>Fantastic bikini wax. New to the area, HATE finding a new aesthetician but yelp led me to this place. Definitely agree with other reviewers - no frills, nothing fancy, but extremely fast and efficient - what could be better?! I make the trip to HP just for this little salon (and parking can suck!) but it's totally worth it every time.
<review# 482,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2013,7/7/2013,94,24,,3,2>In 2012, I shot two weddings at the Bell Event Centre (June and November).  I was SO excited to finally photograph a wedding at this amazing venue - and let me say, I was NOT disappointed.  Everything was perfect, perfect, perfect.The first wedding was in June, and they had everything at the Bell.  The staff is amazing.  I was just a vendor, but they even made me feel like a guest!  They are professional, polite, courteous - I can't say enough about what a great job they all do.The food at both weddings was SO good.  I was lucky enough that both brides insisted we eat, so they even had a table for us.  Both meals were delicious.  In both cases, I felt like I was dining in an upscale restaurant - versus being at a wedding venue.As for the building - this is just a cool venue.  It's hard to compare to anything, because it's so unique.  I suggest a DJ who can do some cool up-lighting - which both my brides had.  And go outside - for my November wedding, we did some shots outside by the brick wall and the little park across the street.  Definitely go up to the balcony for photos - tell your photographer to get out their fish eye, too!In summary, this venue is just GORGEOUS and gets five stars when it comes to staff, food, coolness, etc.  LOVE IT!
<review# 483,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2013,7/6/2013,38,129,1,4,1>Via Vite is amazing. The location is amazing. The food is authentic. So why are so many people giving them bad reviews?? My husband and I go here as a "special treat" to ourselves when we want to go to the ballet or a play downtown. I've never eaten a bad thing at this place and I know the food is authentic and fresh. Chef Christian Pietoso travels back to Italy a few times a year to learn new cooking techniques and recipes and bring them back to Cincinnati. We are lucky to have a place like this here, especially when you look at the alternatives, like Olive Garden and Pompillo's. The Italian recipes are true to Italy and are fantastically delicious. I try to get the lasagna when we go on Fridays and the gnocchi every other time. Chef Christian is a true artist with his food!If you come here and say that the menu doesn't appeal to you, it's obvious that Olive Garden is probably listed as your favorite Italian restaurant and  that's probably where you should stick to going. Which is unfortunate because you are really missing out on the most authentic Italian around.
<review# 484,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2013,7/5/2013,82,119,2,2,3>Who doesn't want to look like a pin up star?As someone who hates getting my photo taken, I have no idea how I ended up scheduling a pin up photo session. Now I can say that I am so glad I did!Getting hair and make-up done while getting to choose from some fabulous retro fashions was a lot of fun. As someone who is not always a "girly" girl, I enjoyed the experience way more than I thought I would. The studio rotates sets seasonally, and there are a lot of to choose from. Also, the all-female staff was so kind and encouraging. It put me at ease, something I appreciated since I was nervous prior to showing up.After seeing a couple sneak peeks of my photos, I'm so incredibly happy.If you are looking for a unique experience, why not travel back in time a bit!
<review# 485,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2013,7/4/2013,203,46,2,8,5>I love that I can find gourmet hotdogs in Dayton. I didn't expect this for at least another decade. Zombie Dogz typically offers 4-6 items off of their extensive menu of dogs per event (zombiedogzdayton.com/#!m). This means that you'll more than likely have to chase them down a few times to try all the ones you'd like. Challenge accepted. I ordered Calling in Dead and Lifeless Soul (see photos). My advice: ARRIVE EARLY. After waiting in line for about 30 minutes, I had finally decided to order Juan of the Dead, BUT they literally ran out ONE PERSON ahead of me. Just devastating.The truffle mac'n'cheese was tasty, but could have used a touch more truffle oil (I love my truffle oil). They could have been a little heavier-handed on the portion of mac as well. The all-beef frank and bun were of good quality overall. They've apparently only been operating for a few months. There's room for improvement but it appears as if they take constructive feedback seriously. If all goes well, perhaps we'll see a more permanent location in the works? *crosses fingers*
<review# 486,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2013,7/3/2013,73,345,2,2,2>What a great place for trivia on Tuesday nights!Typically between 16-20 teams show up each week, which makes for a competitive trivia night and a good atmosphere, except for that one guy that constantly looks over our shoulders and asks what answer we put down on every third question.  The same guy gloats when he wins and cries when he loses.  Other than him, this place is fun.  Gotta get there early for trivia if you want a seat.The basement is a good place to grab a seat at a table or a bar.  If you want to watch the game, there's a television wherever you need it and I was surprised to find out that they can get just about any station you need.  We were able to get sun coast sports last night to watch the Tampa Bay Lightning, that's pretty obscure.The bartenders are friendly and take care of you.  They are very nice and go above and beyond to get what you need.Outside of Tuesday nights I don't come here much.  The food is fine, but it's definitely bar food, which you can get at a number of places within walking distance.  This is also not the biggest bar in the world, so sometimes you have to take advantage of the basement because there are no other options.  If you're the only person in the basement it can be a bit awkward.The best thing about this place has to be THE WHEEL.SPIN THE WHEEL for three bucks and get a shot of roulette!  A random shot according to the wheel!  Woohoo! It's just one of those fun things they don't have at every bar...so I spin the wheel every time!
<review# 487,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2011,7/2/2013,27,98,2,5,2>On a recommendation, I went over to the Mercantile Library a couple of weeks ago. Located on the 11th floor of the Mercantile Building at 414 Walnut Street, this place is literally a fortress of solitude. I fell in love with it immediately and signed up for a annual membership ($55 for individuals; $90 family).Walking in, the feeling you get is first 'class' and then 'scholarly'. They cram a great deal of very beautiful, ornate decoration into a relatively small space. I spent a few hours here last Saturday reading and the word of the day was 'silence'. With the librarian, a few other patrons, and myself in the library, you could literally have heard a pin drop. You would never, ever guess that you were a stone's throw from Fountain Square. In fact, you would probably never guess that you were in the city. The library is not stuffy, however. They encourage eating your lunch there and on Saturday, I did. I also did a bit of exploring and poked around a bit.The Mercantile library also has a full-service collection which is quite large for the square footage it takes up. Let's just say they use their space quite efficiently. They have multi level stacks where you can find pretty much any good book that you're looking for.Overall, this place is awesome. I can see myself spending a great deal of time here in the future. The atmosphere is amazing for reading and it can be a nice reprieve from what is happening eleven floors below. I would recommend everyone to go at least give it a look, even if you aren't interested in a membership. It is one of the truly unique places in Cincinnati and I am so happy I was led that direction.
<review# 488,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2013,7/1/2013,61,86,2,3,2>I just love Al-Amir! It's a great Greek option when you're in the downtown area with excellent hours and wonderful service. Located on Vine between 4th and 5th street, if you aren't looking for it you could easily pass Al-Amir by without a glance.My first experience here was during a long shift at work. I wanted somewhere quick, but I didn't want "fast food." I walked in and was at first intimidated by the menu. The owner must have sensed my hesitation and immediately asked me "What do you like?" I told him what I was looking for and he gave me several menu options. I finally settled on the falafel meal complete with a GIANT Greek salad and fries as well as fresh made falafel. After ordering he told me to take a seat and went to work. Everything is made fresh while you wait and comes out hot and delicious. Since it is all made to order, it can take a bit longer than your typical downtown lunch spot, but trust me IT'S WORTH IT! Not only that but it's enough food easily for 2 meals if not 3. The salad could really be a meal in itself.Al-Amir has excellent hours for a downtown spot, and they are even open on Sunday (unheard of in downtown Cincinnati). So the next time you find yourself downtown and are craving something made to order Al-Amir is an excellent choice!
<review# 489,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2012,6/30/2013,11,47,2,2,2>I had previously given Bangkok Bistro three-stars because the service had often been a little subpar.  However, the last few times I came, I was knocked out by the turn-around.  The service was attentive and friendly, and they made a special point to make me feel welcomed.  I'm happy to be a regular here.And the food has been excellent.  My favorite of the Thai dishes is the Drunken Noodles, and I get it as spicy as it comes.  If you like sushi, you have to try the Futo Maki and the Spicy Thai Basil roll, which are two of the best rolls I've had in town.If they keep it up, a fifth star may be in the near future.
<review# 490,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2012,6/29/2013,12,73,,3,3>My husband and I happened to be near Mariemont yesterday, so we decided to have breakfast at the National Exemplar after reading other Yelp reviewers' comments.  I am so glad we went!I had the French toast (sourdough version); it was the best I've ever had.  I'm not sure what kind of vanilla they use it in, but it made the toast over-the-top delicious. I also had a side of goetta; it was okay.  My husband had a frittata with chorizo, which was very good.Service was excellent and their outside seating is a perfect way to enjoy Mariemont's peaceful setting.
<review# 491,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2013,6/28/2013,134,226,,2,2>The beer selection and authenticity of the food deserve a full five stars here despite the fact that I am not the biggest fan of the food.  If you are looking for true German (and related) cuisine I do not know of a single place that can compare.  Wurst, spatzle, and other specialties seem spot on, but unfortunately are not my thing-  but I can't knock off stars based on non-wurst loving palate.  Service is generally excellent and the owner/manager is very visible and very involved).Now the beer us excellent and something I do enjoy!
<review# 492,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2013,6/27/2013,44,227,,1,1>We went here on  drizzly (turned to steady rain) weekend of the plant sale. I was AMAZED at the amount of space on this otherwise auspicious corner in Walnut Hills (ish, area). I go by here all the time, but I had no idea the lush oasis that was back there. The plant sale, with 30% off, was a great deal financially and it was very reassuring to find such an hidden space in the center of Cincinnati. We got great information from the staff, enjoyed some homebaked goods, and got out of there just in time to avoid the downpour. I'd love to go back for a class soon. What a great discovery in Cincinnati!
<review# 493,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2013,6/26/2013,58,439,,4,2>Celebrated a birthday here recently with friends at the chef's table. The table itself is very cool, especially seated facing the kitchen with a view of the open hearth. Bread for the table is from local Blue Oven bakery, which is delicious by itself, but put over the top by the house-made cold-smoked butter (ask your server, it's an interesting process).There were lots of interesting looking things on the menu, but I didn't go too crazy on my first visit. I shared 2 starters with a friend from the "vegetables & grains" section: quinoa fritters and shaved asparagus, and both were delicious. The fritters weren't really enough to share, but the bite I got was really good, nice crunchy/seedy texture. The asparagus was delightful--bright and well balanced between the lemon and pecorino cheese. I like asparagus, but I can't often say that I really couldn't stop eating it!I couldn't resist getting the grilled sirloin for my entree and wow, was that a big, tasty slab of meat! The beef had a rich, almost melting texture and was well accompanied by little bits of potato, onion, and mushroom. I finished my meal with a goat cheese cake from the dessert menu and it was nice and fluffy with a slight tartness--a nice riff on a strawberry cheesecake if you're not in the mood for a super sweet dessert.Service was very good--our waiter was informative and personable, if slightly effusive about the restaurant's strong points. And the large yellow plastic penguin who joined our table for a while was a fun conversation piece and photo op. Most of the art in the public spaces was a bit out there for my tastes, but definitely gave the whole place a very modern, cool urban vibe. On a side note, this is my 300th review...woo-hoo!!!
<review# 494,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2013,6/25/2013,14,54,,9,3>Having seen quite a few restaurants open and then ultimately fail in Springfield, I was curious if this place would have some staying power.  After our first experience, I can honestly say I believe this place could be a keeper!  My family tried Bay Breeze out on a Saturday, and we were not left disappointed.  The decor inside is nicely done...with accents of blue lighting, a nicely designed bar, a desert case showing off all their fabulous looking deserts, and big screen TVs with underwater oceanic scenes.  I think it would have been a nice touch if the restaurant had some nice big saltwater aquariums, as it would have gone perfectly with the decor and lighting, but being a new restaurant they are probably trying to keep initial cost down, and maybe they will add this to the future decor.  Our service was very attentive and friendly from the beginning, with our waitress really interacting with our young son.  We ordered the fried zucchini appetizer, and it did not disappoint!  Very wonderful flavor, a large portion, and served with a tasty Ranch sauce.  My wife and I ordered two different combos.  I ordered the Bay Breeze Special, which consisted of a huge variety of fried seafood offerings.  This included a stuffed deviled crab, fried popcorn shrimp, scallops, fish fillets, clam strips, and oysters.  My wife ordered the "Steve's Combo" which included a mix of broiled/steamed seafood, and fried seafood.  I must say for the prices, it was a TON of food!  I honestly was curious how much of a profit was being made at the portion sizes they were serving.  Just to give you an idea, my wife and I only got about 25% through our combo meals, and we had to stop!  We both filled take-home containers to the brim with our leftovers!Our waitress talked us into one of their yummy deserts.  We opted for the chocolate Mousse Mouse Cake, that was actually in the shape of a mouse!  It was layers of very light chocolate cake, and chocolate mousse, covered with a chocolate ganache.  It was very yummy, and our son loved the fact it looked like a mouse!My wife declared this restaurant her "new favorite" in Springfield, and we will definitely be back.  Keep up the good work Bay Breeze!
<review# 495,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2013,6/24/2013,52,101,3,9,4>I've heard a lot of people say that being vegan is hard. I say it's not so hard if you're privy to Park + Vine in the new and trendy OTR! This place offers everything for not just the plant-based eater but anyone with a green conscience and a forward-thinking mind.Park + Vine has a general store which sells clothing, cookbooks, jewelry, art, and nearly anything else you could possibly want to impress your hippie boyfriend/girlfriend. They also have a veritable grocery store which is home to a few of my favorite things: cheese, sausage, and chocolate. Of course they are all vegan which is great because it's not only healthier but you don't have to feel like you're raping Mother Earth while you're eating it. The best part about Park + Vine though is the vegan cafe!This was my first time eating at a completely vegan restaurant and I was slightly nervous. I was more than a little skeptical eating fake meat sandwiches like reubens and barbequed tofu. And to think about mac n cheese and potato salad being vegan is a contradiction to itself. However, I am here to say that this was some of the best food I've ever had in my life. I couldn't believe the reuben and potato salad were vegan, they were that good! And this is coming from someone who has spent the last two years searching for the best hamburgers and gyros in Cincinnati.A tip regarding the cafe: it's only open from 11-2 every day of the week so schedule accordingly if you plan to get down with a reuben and get jiggy on some mac n cheese!My hat goes off to the owner of this awesome establishment. It's hard to find vegan dining choices in Cincinnati. They don't just have choices but a completely vegan cafe with unique general goods and vegan groceries serving as its backdrop. Cincinnati is truly lucky to house a progressive place like this.
<review# 496,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2013,6/23/2013,94,140,4,4,3>Another awesome addition to OTR, but the fact that they're pet-friendly makes them that much better.  Yay for drinking with cats and dogs!I have stopped by Rhinehaus several times to enjoy a beverage and it has always been a fun experience.  i myself do not care to watch sports but the sports aspect of it is not overwhelming.  Yes, there are a lot of televisions but they are at a very reasonable volume.  I have always been able to hold a conversation with my friends without screaming, unlike at other sports bars.  The location is great and they are open 7 days a week.  Score!Justin M described the space best as "very OTR" with its brick walls, etc.  The bathrooms are small but have been very clean each time I have visited.  The beer selection is wonderful and always features several local beers.  The bartenders are knowledgeable and have even offered me samples when I am unsure which beer to choose.  Decisions decisions!I recently found out that you are able to bring your pet.  After a long day out, Arlene (the cat) and I were on a bar crawl.  I was on the hunt for a place to grab a drink with her when I decided to call Rhinehaus to ask.  They generously told me that it was no problem for me to bring my leash-trained cat and greeted us when we arrived shortly after.  The bartender was even nice enough to make me aware of when a dog entered.  This was unnecessary but very thoughtful of him to do so.  Arlene very much enjoyed her time at Rhinehaus and gives it 2 paws up!
<review# 497,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2013,6/22/2013,62,192,,4,2>I loved this place:- it's a very welcome addition to Covington (only 5 blocks from me, so I feel very lucky!)- very very cosy inside, lovely interior- extremely friendly crew- family friendly: went in with my 3 month old baby and was only greeted by smiles, and the granddaughters of the owners were having breakfast at a table next to me, how cute :)- real flowers on each table, please keep this up, it's just so nice! And your customers do notice :)- free dog biscuits (I don't have a dog, but still!)- great brown sugar scone and hot chocolateThe only remark I have is that it would be nicer if they would be open in the afternoon too, but it's a family business so I can understand they want some time off too. I would however probably stop by more if I could come in for an afternoon treat (at 3/4 pm).Also, it is really neat to know that this coffee house was the dream of the owners and that they have been working on it for years and years. You can imagine how excited they must be to have finally opened up and to have their daughters working at this place. If you follow them on facebook, you'll notice that they do cool actions too, like buy one get one free on a specific evening for date night.
<review# 498,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2012,6/21/2013,53,108,8,4,2>ode to picnic and pantry (apologies to pablo neruda)and it was at that age...picnic and pantry arrivedin search of me. i don't know, i don't know whereit came from, from kitchen or a restaurant.i don't know how or when,no, they were not voices, they were notwords, nor silence,but from a tavern i was summoned,from the branches of night,abruptly from the others,among violent firesor returning alone,there i was without a mealand it fed me.i did not know what to say, my mouthhad no waywith namesmy eyes were blind,and something started in my stomach,thirst or forgotten hunger pangs,and i made my own way,decipheringthat menuand i tasted the first flavorful bite,flavorful, full of substance, nononsense,pure wisdomof someone who knows everything,and suddenly i sawthe breadsblue ovenand earthy,salads,palpitating plantains,kale perforated,riddledwith braggs, garlic and ginger,the winding rice noodles, the roasted vegetables.and i, infinitesimal being,drunk with the great gastrointestinalvoid,likeness, image ofbounty,i felt myself a pure partof the gastronomy,i wheeled with the jeni's,my gut broke free on the open table.
<review# 499,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2013,6/20/2013,156,239,2,4,1>The best place in the city to do your grocery shopping. No you can't get the butter-bacon-waffle-caramel-frozen-tater-bombs here that you can at your big box store. But what you can get here is food. Food that came from the dirt, sold by people who work for a living. People that live in your city and care about what they sell to other people that live in Cincinnati. You can call it a farmer's market but it's really so much more. They span dozens of types of foods, cultures, nationalities so you can almost get everything from around the globe here. I love going on Saturdays and Sundays especially in spring and summer when the farmer's markets are open in the shed area. Parking is free for the first hour on weekdays leaving few excuses to not be here for lunch. My favorite spots: Kroeger and Sons - get lost in all the selections of sausagesSilverglade's - the best place to get pickles, olives, and chicken saladGibb's - the best cheese shopDojo Gelato - nuff saidColonel De's - Tremendous selection of spicesMarket Wines - $5 wine tasting on weekends! Huge beer selectionMama Made It Kettle Corn - uh..kettle corn...Pho Lang Thang - mmmm...ca phe su da...Ok so I named almost everything there...whatever. I like it.
<review# 500,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2013,6/19/2013,76,315,2,2,2>Everyone loves their pretzel sandwiches!  I think its too much bread to topping ratio, but I am in the minority.  Great for office lunches!Another party pleaser is their beer cheese dip and pretzel sticks cut into chip sized bites.  Tonight for about $10, I got enough for a party of about 12.  People rave when you bring it to a party and it requires zero effort!  Definitely swing by this little shop in an unassuming strip mall if you want to be the hit of the party.
<review# 501,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2013,6/18/2013,311,349,2,6,4>My taste buds are on fire with flavor... and spice. This place is aaaaaaaaamazing. I know it's not a very good location, but you should definitely make the trip to try it - you won't be disappointed and for everyone that lives or works in the area - this is a gem to have near by. I would eat here often.  Order at the counter....pick your meat, pick your sauce (I got the original and it was delicious... and spicy - get the sweet or bbq if you don't usually handle a lot of spice) pick your medium (salad, sandwich, wrap) then choose your toppings. They have awesome turnovers too (basically an empanada) and Jamaican sodas.Really super awesome food and the staff is great as well. Find something to do in the area and grab a bite to eat here before or after your activity :-)
<review# 502,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2013,6/17/2013,23,84,,3,3>I totally thank Yelp for helping me find the new place! I was so disappointed when I saw the old location 'for rent'. There was no way! Indeed, no way. The new place is in a better location, it's a bigger brighter space, and it seems like there is so much more stuff. The place feels more organized. It's visibly larger and feels like a gallery, with the perfectly dressed mannequins and the soft loungy jazz coming from a record player. The men's section seems even further expanded, and is ordered by color. The furniture/dishwares are really cool too! Everything is so vintage in great condition, but I haven't even gotten to the best part- price. Everything is just as fairly priced as it was at the old place. Nice, vintage, often name brand shirts start at $10. Ties and belts around $8. Trust me. This is the place to go for cool, pretty unusual patterns and clothing. The owner is very involved in the community, so ask her about upcoming events, she'll probably have a few that might interest you.And don't worry, Scout is totally still there, and just as totally cute as before.
<review# 503,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2013,6/16/2013,189,158,7,9,1>CASH ONLY. CASH ONLY. CASH ONLY.I write this three times, because they lost a star for this. Not for BEING cash only, but for not making it clear.This is the best BBQ in Cincinnati, by far. I am from Alabama so I have authority to make these types of pronouncements. I'll get to the food in a minute, but I need to say again CASH ONLY. When I went, I was in a huge hurry, I was picking up lunch for the crew at a photo shoot and before I left I had searched the website AND the facebook page for hours and prices. Nothing said they were cash only. We are in a postmodern world, people--if you are cash only then you need to let people know. Who carries cash anymore? Not me. So I had to place my order, drive a couple miles away to an ATM, and then come back. Not good, and incredibly frustrating.Now to the food:Well--it's amazing. NO ONE frustrates me as much as I was on this day, and still gets four stars. No one, but Eli's, that is. I haven't even been able to venture into the land of ribs, which is one of my favorite lands...because I'm stuck on the pulled pork sandwich. It comes with slaw, which you MUST get. Listen to me: I HATE coleslaw. Never eat it. Would NEVER order it. But I'm telling you, you must get the coleslaw on your sandwich. Not on the side...ON the sandwich. And you will be transported, afterwards, to heaven. Bliss.I have heard they are moving to OTR in a permanent location (not only in Findlay Market), and that will be absolutely amazing. I can't wait. Until then, Riverside Drive isn't too far.But for the love of God, bring cash!
<review# 504,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2013,6/15/2013,112,240,2,5,2>You know what, it's the only Thai we've made a second trip worth eating. Although I wouldn't be thrown off my seat if there was yet another Thai restaurant that can muster another visit.But I like that they let you take your time (but alternatively, you can also call it "slow service." However, by no means, the food does not seem to take long to come out). I like that they have a pretty extensive menu that may or may not extend beyond just Thai (like sushi? But who knows if it's good). I like the brown rice option.I like that the prices are decent and portions are satisfying (dinner: mostly $9-$14). And I definitely like that they have dum-dums for you to take at the end of your meal (or start, whichever you prefer).I've tried their Pad Thai, curry (can't remember which..I think it had mango in it), pineapple fried rice, and their basil veggies (also can't remember what the exact name was). All notable tastings relative to Cincinnati's offerings-- not comparing to other established cities.
<review# 505,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2013,6/14/2013,16,63,2,2,2>A local year round mid-week farmer's market that I can walk to?  Doesn't get much better than that.  Oh wait, yes it does.  It's small but amazingly seems to have just about anything you would need.  Sure, there's plenty of veggies, but there's also all kinds of meat, eggs, cheese, etc.The market is, obviously, better in the summer time when it is outside.  There's at least one food truck around and street pops usually makes an appearance.  Local favs like Fab Ferments and the (OMGBESTTHINGEVER) Blue Oven Bakery are there every week.  The past few weeks, there's been plenty of starter plants and herbs as well.A few more awesome things: you no longer need to worry about having cash!  You can now have your credit card charged at the main booth in exchange for tokens.  They also take food stamps.
<review# 506,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/18/2011,6/13/2013,103,257,,2,5>My Entertainment Book coupons expire November 1st so I've been trying to use as many as possible lately. Today I flipped to the Neighborhood index and decided to check out Sarelli's since it's only a few minutes away from my house. The coupon was for a buy 1 get 1 free sandwich.When I got there I found ample free street parking as well as a community lot behind the building. Inside I found a cozy atmosphere complete with a built-in bookshelf full of reading material as well as 2 iPads charging on the wall with signs encouraging customers to use them (only in bougie Ft Thomas!).I ordered a pizza panini and a chicken salad pretzel bread sandwich. Both came with pickles and sides so I picked potato and pasta salads. All the food looked great and was delicious. And it came with a drink... when I saw my options I just had to go with Capri-Sun!The only thing preventing it from 5 stars is that they're only open from 11-3. Typical for the area, but still.
<review# 507,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2013,6/12/2013,11,32,1,3,3>El Cholula is a great addition to the neighborhood! The interior is clean and comfortable, and the staff is appropriately attentive. The owner is always around, showing he's putting a lot into this new restaurant.One thing I love about El Cholula is the value! You can get a great sized lunch or dinner for $10 or less. And of course, the food is fresh and delicious! I recommend the veggie fajitas-- great flavor and texture to the vegetables.I would give El Cholula five stars, but I feel like the menu is lacking some creativity. The menu is very similar to other Mexican restaurants in the area and has the typical burritos, tacos, enchiladas, etc. I would love to see a signature "el cholula" dish that differentiates the restaurant and would keep bringing me back!
<review# 508,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2013,6/11/2013,5,83,,3,1>Wow!  I am delighted and pleasantly surprised that a Vietnamese restaurant opened up outside of the city. This place has impressed me so far. The summer rolls with pork and shrimp are delicious and the "all meat" pho definitely delivers. The place also offers a great iced coffee. I have dined here 5 times since opening and always get the same thing. I highly recommend it.
<review# 509,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2013,6/10/2013,213,90,3,6,5>This review is specifically for the 4-8pm Happy Hour.Pavillion offers their happy hour from 4-8pm everyday with $2 domestics, $3 imports, and $5 frozen margaritas!  My boyfriend and I came here on a lazy Monday afternoon and were the only people in the entire place.  We took a small two-seater on the third floor deck of the patio and boy was the view amazing!  You can really see the whole city from here.  It was nice to get some privacy, away from the hustle and bustle of daily life, and Pavillion really hit it gold here.  We enjoyed the patio all to ourselves in a nice 65-degree afternoon overlooking the city, absolute heaven. We ordered The Don Coreleon burger ($8.95) with a side of curly fries (+$1.99) and the Steak Hoagie ($8.95) with a side of curly fries (+$1.99).  For our drinks, we had a strawberry frozen margarita ($5).  The margarita was absolutely to die for!  It had the exact balance of alcohol, blended ice, and flavoring that was needed.  I'd venture to say that it's one of the best I've had in Cincinnati.  The burger and steak hoagie were also very delicious!  I'm not sure how great of a deal the food was, considering that it is supposed to be happy hour but I was definitely pleased with the taste.  Overall a great experience!
<review# 510,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2013,6/9/2013,278,854,1,6,3>Oh my goodness. Rising from the ashes of the Maisonette, is in my opinion, one of the most beautiful restaurants that has graced the downtown area. While I was not able to sample any of the kitchen's creations, I did have an excellent cocktail (I think it was called the Summer of '66) and a good conversation with the bartender. I was also given a great tour of the building by Barren (sp?) and was in awe at the beauty that awaited me at every turn. I look forward to having a long meal full of mouth watering food and excellent cocktails. This place is pricey for sure, so save up for a special occasion and know that your money will be well spent. Misc: the 2 private dining areas are reservable and have an approximate minimum of $900, which will be easily met with 12+ people. One room even has a fireplace. Both have adjustable audio controls as well. The menu changes seasonally.Each bathroom is a different theme.Artwork from the Miller Gallery hangs on the walls. I recognized a Tyler Shields piece. His newest work Suspense will be on display at the end of May through June.
<review# 511,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2013,6/8/2013,97,120,2,5,3>I have a sneaking suspicion that this place is going to be PACKED in just a few weeks with a line out the door.  Yea, it really was that good.  I came here with my daughter on a Saturday evening and there was only 2 other families (but somehow their 4 kids seemed like 400), which was good because this place is pretty narrow.  However, it's also very cute, light colors, bright chairs, very kid-friendly.They have a ton of different flavors of gelato and sorbetto and after trying a few (including one called white chocolate with lavender.  Seriously?  How does that not sound equivalent to heaven?) I decided on the lemon with blueberry, while my daughter surprised me and got peach.  The lemon with blueberry was pretty close to heavenly as well, I scarfed the small down quickly and immediately regretted not getting a larger size.  The prices are a bit steep, and as small as the cups look, they are deceivingly smaller, which you realize when you get to the bottom when you thought you had at least a few more bites to go.  Ah well, there's always next time.  And there will be many, many next times.
<review# 512,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2013,6/7/2013,28,62,2,2,2>Absolutely unbelievably food. I have always been a fan of the Italian restaurant that bakes bread and pastries in house, they usually have great tasting food and Ferrari's proved me right. I went here with my wife for lunch one day and I ordered the breaded fish sandwich, which was delicious. They served it with a side of a Caesar pasta salad which was really good also. My wife ordered the breaded chicken parmesan sandwich which was amazing! If you go order this sandwich! For dessert they had tiramsu on the menu which was also really good but I asked if they had any cannolis and they did! Delicious!Great place for lunch on an week day, now I have to go back for dinner.
<review# 513,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2013,6/6/2013,210,324,3,3,2>This is one of those places that rarely disappoints.   Not being a native Cincinnatian, the chili is enjoyable by outside standards, since it's not sweet.  One of my favorite "treats" is their PBLT.  Which is a BLT with Peanut Butter.  Before you discount it, it TOTALLY works, or you might already be running towards here.  Mountains of bacon and some salty peanut butter on the bread of your choice.  It's crunchy, and peanutty  Get me a banana and Call me ELVIS.
<review# 514,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2011,6/5/2013,20,12,2,2,2>Purple monkey carries a wide variety of quirky sarcastic off-the-wall gifts. From the WTF Sarah Palin bumperstickers to the line of Anne Taintor 50's housewife magnets and coasters to the boxes of candy cigarettes and slap cuffs, you will definitely be able to find a unique present here.
<review# 515,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2012,6/4/2013,33,59,2,4,3>The Nest is a quintessential gift shop boutique located on Michigan Avenue just off of Hyde Park Square. Originally located in Oakley,  I have been shopping at the Nest for years and they never disappoint.  They carry merchandise that is both unique and creative.  The price points tend to be on the higher side but in line with the quality of the products they sale.  Heather, the store owner, is always engaging and willing to help you select items.  The shop has a full spectrum of items from baby to home decor.  On my last visit, I was impressed with the selection of clutches and totes.
<review# 516,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2012,6/3/2013,30,44,2,4,5>Mmmmm smokey.DO:-PLAIN smoked wings! About $1 per wing.DON'T:-Don't expect beers on tap. They only had one when I was there.PARKING:-Street parkingHeard a lot about their wings, so I had to check it out. Ordered a dozen of their plain wings. The plain wings are smoked with a house dry rub. The wings are spicy! Dry spicy, not buffalo spicy, so the heat really builds as you eat more. The wings are large, about twice the size of BWW wings. And did I mention how smokey and fall-off-the-bone tender it was? Glorious. I give it 4 stars because they only had 1 beer on tap :( Other than that I'm definitely coming back.
<review# 517,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2013,6/2/2013,75,150,3,3,3>My mom and I went to go see Zero Dark Thirty here this weekend and our experience was pretty good!  We got the spicy tuna sushi from Embers, and I had a class of the Cab and my mom had a glass of Chardonnay... both great wines for $6.50!The cupcakes, carrot cake, and cookies that they were selling looked SO TEMPTING, but we had to draw the line somewhere...Also had popcorn which is popped "healthily" in Canola oil, which was yummy as well.I loved the cushy, comfortable, and rocking seats when I first sat in them, but the only disadvantage is that the person in back of me kept kicking me, making my seat rock back and forth throughout the whole movie!The theater is CLEAN, the food is yummy, and the place definitely fills up/sells out for the popular movies so get there EARLY!!P.S. it's right next to Dewey's pizza so you can grab some grub there first if you're looking for a more FILLING meal!!P.P.S. we watched a girl at the concession stand take away someone's Dewey's pizza leftovers because you're not allowed to bring any outside food into the theater area.
<review# 518,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2013,6/1/2013,32,69,3,4,3>Love The Pub. The staff is wonderful- Mike and Nate are the nicest guys around. I head up every Wednesday for Trivia which starts at 9pm. It's always fun and challenging. Prices for drinks aren't bad, there's free FRESH popcorn and plenty of TVs. The only thing I don't enjoy is the smoke... but it's in KY, so whatcha gonna do?
<review# 519,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/25/2013,5/31/2013,69,143,4,5,3>MSB has housed me for the past 4 years. I have a love-hate relationship with it. So many good, bad, but mostly non-descript times in the cafeteria, library, cadaver lab, particular study rooms, the gym...it is my sanctuary, and alas, my prison. Only 3 more years!!! 3...more...years....Need to use the bathroom? Pick a floor and a corridor...I know the entire layout. Am I bragging about this? Maybe. Need to avoid the elevators after a huge lecture or a lunch conference? I know of a couple stairwells that will get the job done for you. Starving and it's 3 am? Stroll on over to one of the vending machines and may I recommend the mini-donuts in particular? Sure, you're on the track to diabetes but look at what you're doing at 3 am on a Saturday night, for crying out loud. Do you even HAVE standards anymore?!?!MSB has it all. That's why a certain person in the c/o 2012 managed to actually LIVE in the MSB, eating out of the R&R fridges, surfing the net for hours in the library and then in the private computer lab, getting free laundry service and deriving his entire wardrobe from the 1st floor scrub machine. For his once-a-week showers (I'm guessing), the CARE/Crawley gym would suffice. Or the sinks in the bathroom. I wouldn't know for sure.This is one place I'll have both fond and painful memories of, but in 2016 I will run away and never look back!
<review# 520,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2013,5/30/2013,9,76,4,3,3>I love this place like you should only love another human, but I am not ashamed!  I mean, anything that gives you butterflies and increases your heart rate is love, right?My 'Be the Change' class asked for red velvet cupcakes for our end of year party. Could I make 'em, yeah, but do I need to prove it, no.  So I went to Abby Girl, which I have decided was a serendipitous moment in my life.Doing my due diligence, I can report that I have tried nearly all the flavors and have loved each and every bite.   From the banana pudding to the key lime pie, there is nothing else like Abby Girl cupcakes!Is is just me, or do cupcakes seem guilt-free?
<review# 521,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2013,5/26/2013,181,524,1,5,4>If you come here, you must ask for the Chinese menu if you don't look Asian- that's where the goodness is at. House of Sun is the kind of strip mall Chinese restaurant tucked away in some suburb that I've been looking for in the Cincinnati area. There are a lot of authentic dishes (and you know it's a good sign when they have fish tanks with some of the seafood they serve), and Taiwanese breakfast! Thank you Caroline C. for alerting me to this. The service and restaurant itself is pretty standard for a Chinese restaurant- okay, and slightly dated. Of course, you come here for the food (and so do lots of Asian folks, from my two observations!). Everything I've tried has been good, though I did think some the portions didn't seem quite family style size. The beef noodle soup is great (and huge, so very shareable). I love that you can order hot soy milk (sweet or salty) that tastes homemade. And of course, the Taiwanese breakfast on the weekends! For you non-Taiwanese eaters, you should try a sesame shaobing, which is a flaky flat bread, and the fried bread stick. Growing up, we usually split the shaobing apart and put a piece of the bread stick inside. Some folks like to dip it in hot soy milk. The scallion pancakes are tasty, and the scallion pancake with beef (basically rolled up beef and onions in a scallion pancake was delicious! Mmm.  I can't wait to go back and try more items on the very large menu!
<review# 522,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2012,5/25/2013,336,296,,5,3>The place is new and the place was packed.  Love the unique decor and I love the postcards they provide for us to use as you may (ah, dang, I forgot to grab one on my way out).  Their Creamy Jalapeno Ranch Dip for tortilla chips is a must try and pretty awesome.  My chicken taco was really good.The server was very accommodating.  I asked for lime to squeeze on my rice.  No problem.  Sour cream on my taco please.  No problem.  Very impressed I was.  What I noticed the most was Teamwork.  Any server would dump a scoop of chips in your basket.  Any server walks by and fills your glass of water.  They work together and I love that.The only thing I would change, is that the restroom is way in the back, off from the dining areas, past the bar.  It is not centrally located where I feel would flow better.  But..it is full of light (glass block) and clean...so A+ for that.I also really like the creative t-shirts.  The one with Florence y'all water tower turned into Chuey's Y'all is very cool.As we were leaving we see St. Elvis tribute area.  Funny stuff Chuy:)
<review# 523,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2013,5/24/2013,174,628,2,9,4>Exercise can be fun. Just imagine you are a contestant on American Gladiators. If you know what that is, you're probably 3 times the median age of the majority of patrons. It's OK, I will enjoy watching you embarrass your kids in front of their friends. Meanwhile I got to slam dunk for the first time.It's right next door to Full Throttle Indoor Karting, so if you've got a large group of kids of differing ages to entertain, this is a good spot. There are small lockers that are 50 cents per use. An hour of jumping is $8. They have a foam pit for flipping, dodge ball on trampolines, slam dunk station, and general large jumping area with angled wall trampolines. The food is your typical junk.You have to wear their shoes, and you have to have socks (if you don't they will sell you some). No phones or other items in your pockets while jumping. I'd recommend athletic wear. Jeans just seem like they'd be a nuisance to me. There isn't a changing room, but there's a smallish bathroom that will suffice. About 10 minutes in you will be amazed at how out of breath you are (or at least I was). But, after that you don't think about it and when the hour is up, you don't want to quit.
<review# 524,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/26/2012,5/23/2013,16,19,3,4,3>Nestled in the courtyard at Neon's is Bill's Grill.  The convenience of not having to go elsewhere for a bite to eat while you're enjoying a delicious craft cocktail at Neon's is great.  The menu consists of a variety of burgers, sausages and even plain 'ol hot dogs. There are meat and non-meat alternatives so there's something for everyone. One of the more popular burger options is the black bean burger. There's also a salmon burger and of course, the sirloin burger with or without your choice of cheeses. Other options include sauerkraut or onions which they actually steam in beer. I've even become a fan of the chicken sausage, thanks to Bill's Grill. All are served with a bag of either plain or barbecue potato chips- your call. And don't forget the pickle spear! Or if you're like me, two spears!Where you can experiment and show your creativity is with the plethora of condiment options. Bill always stocks an incredible selection of mustards, hot sauces, even barbecue sauce. Since it is outdoors, Bill's Grill is open, weather-permitting. Updates can be found on Neon's Facebook page.Value-speaking, you can't beat Bill's Grill. You'd pay twice as much at sit-down restaurant. And you wouldn't meet Bill, who's a cool person to boot!
<review# 525,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/14/2011,5/22/2013,24,155,2,6,2>Oh the Brewhouse. Where to start.  First off you would never know this place existed unless you had been there before.  Situated on the corner of Park and East McMillan it doesn't jump out at you. I'll guess the exterior hasn't changed in 30 year, nor has the interior.Food here is decent. On par with any other pub food. Prices are reasonable and they always have a daily special on beer and a daily special on food.  For a place that seems old and dingy they have a couple of computers to surf the web and if memory serves wifi. What makes this place fantastic (and why I've given it 4 stars) isn't really the food or the drink prices, but the location. About 3 stumbling blocks from University of Cincinnati's College of Applied Science on Victory Parkway, the Brewhouse is oh-so-convenient to walk over and have a good meal and a few pitchers of beer in between classes.  In addition the owner is always there and friendly, as are the servers and bartenders.  So if you are in the area give it a try, it won't blow your socks off but you'll be pleased and you'll be supporting a great local small business.
<review# 526,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2013,5/21/2013,16,184,2,3,2>Thank God, I never have to hear "YOU'VE NEVER BEEN TO TERRY'S TURF CLUB?!" again!Terry's certainly lived up to it's legend in my book.  Luckily, I didn't have to wait 2 hours for a table like I have so often heard! We came in around 2pm on a Friday and the place was empty save for maybe 2 tables.  No wonder there is a long wait on the weekends- the place seats maybe 50 people (including the bar).  We sat at the bar area and Tom was our server.  He was so friendly and helpful and we loved chatting with him while we waited.  We split a regular cheeseburger- no fancy toppings just wanted to get the real deal and we were not disappointed.  The burger was fantastic and the fries were also outta this world.  Terry's also gets extra points for having Hop-Slam, which nobody can seem to keep in stock at most of the bars we go to lately!  Triple points for letting us try a few beer samples that the staff were trying after their distributor dropped off a few bottles. :)Will definitely be back!
<review# 527,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2013,5/20/2013,1081,373,10,14,16>By the appearance of an orange, Cali style VW van out front of this brewery, I assumed they made the journey from Sacramento to Cincinnati along US highway 50 West... Oh wait, that was me!  From Sacto upstarts like Track 7 and Lockdown Brewing on the Cali side of 50W, to the other side of the same highway, where this new 'Nati brewery is the best representation yet of Cali style breweries I've found in Ohio.Balance is the key theme here at Fifty... Whether it be the old vs new ambience contrasted elegantly in this historic mansion, which has been transformed into a modern day brewery... The beers with each style relentless in taste, but restrained carefully not to overindulge in any particular ingredient... Or the dichotomy of the venue, split into part hang out with friends, part date night hot spot with a third of the venue dedicated to small cozy tables near fireplaces... And the remaining third housing the actual brewery. They even have a nice patio for the three months of the year you can enjoy it in Cincinnati.Yes, balance is key to longevity and it was an instant hit with me... Not too malty on the left side of the sampling board, not too hoppy on the right side.As I tasted their 12 brews, a Stevie Ray Vaughan record was playing by an old record player near the bar aside a catalogue of about 100 records. The decor was trendy, with the lights so dim from filament low wattage lightbulbs that Thomas Edison would claim he brought sexy back. ~~~~~~~~~~The standouts from the brews were as follows:Thirty-37 American Pale Ale (9/10) ~ fresh hops, citrus, pine, balanced well.Coast to Coast IPA (10/10) ~ hop gods are singing, with 70IBUs in this Cali style brew.  Plenty of malts provide just the touch of sweetness to tame the bitterness of hops. My favorite.Forgot Stevie Double IPA (9/10) ~ even more hops loaded into this chewy brew. Excellent for one, but to have multiples of this particular brew would be heavy.~Note that all beers tried here were good. The lowest rating was a 6.5/10 of the dozen sampled. This puts Fifty West in the Top 15 breweries of the 150 I've visited. That's encouraging for the revival of the brewing scene in Cincinnati... ~~~~~~~~~~So whether you're with your crew, or just two... This is the place in Cincinnati to have a brew!
<review# 528,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2013,5/19/2013,18,131,,5,2>I visited Kaze before the full restaurant was open, so I can only speak to drinks and small plates in the bar area.  First of all, this bar is gorgeous.  Comfortable seating, lovely decor and nice music.  For as stylish as Kaze is, it doesn't feel like a "scene," just a classy, comfortable place to spend part of an evening.  Delicious cocktails and a nice wine and sake selection.  Because my friends and I were so excited to see ramen on the menu, we all ordered it.  Until just a few years ago, I only knew the college dorm room version of ramen, but I know now how satisfying real ramen can be.  I'm really happy to see it on the menu at Kaze because options for good ramen in town are very limited.  While not quite up to par with the noodle shops in Tokyo or New York, this ramen is quite tasty and an amazing value for $10.  Can't wait to check out the full menu soon!
<review# 529,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2013,5/18/2013,100,322,2,3,4>With so many Indian restaurants to choose from in Cincinnati-- Shaan is definitely one I would go to again.  The non-buffet food is better, but that may be because you can choose to make it more spicy.  The chicken tikka masala is delicious.  I've had better naan, but it is still tasty.  This place is great for both dine-in and carry out.  Just to note, the place can get crowded.
<review# 530,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2013,5/17/2013,181,295,7,9,5>I debated whether or not to wait a little longer in between my check-in and my actual review because I was mildly embarrassed with how short of a time it took me to get my food and eat it, but I decided that just means it's amazing and delicious so here I am writing... Um WHY are there only two reviews for this place?!?!?! This is my new favorite lunch spot. The adorable man (who i'm going to assume is the owner) greeted me with friendly chit-chat and wanted to make sure I knew what I was ordering. After I had passed the test and convinced him I had eaten greek food before, he told me to have a seat, started happily making my food and continued to engage in conversation while doing so.It is a cute little "hole in the wall" - only it's extremely clean and well kept and cozy-like inside. Once my food was done (I got a chicken shawarma) and ready in less than five minutes, he told me next time to come back and stay longer. Actually he said "If you like it, come back - if you don't, still come back and try again" Reasonably priced, mouth-wateringly good -- please come! Please please please! I want them to stay in business so I can keep eating here!(Yes, this is me actually begging and i'm not ashamed! Just try it once and you'll understand....)
<review# 531,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2013,5/16/2013,138,79,3,5,4>Matsuya has long been one of my favorite Japanese restaurants. They frequently have the freshest fish and their ramen is the real deal.Matsuya is located in a state which still allows smoking in public places, and it's the only downside to the restaurant. Nonetheless, even as a non-smoker I make sure to get to Matsuya at least every few months. I'd go more frequently if it weren't for the hour long drive from my home North of Cincinnati.Despite being located in a strip mall, nowhere near a main thoroughfare, Matsuya continues to do well for itself.Matsuya is the Japanese restaurant where the Japanese working at Toyota's North American HQ a few miles away take their families for traditional meals. You'll find plenty of traditional meals in the menu, but the best traditional stuff is listed as a daily special on the whiteboard near the door.Personally, I HIGHLY recommend both the miso and tonkatsu (pork) ramen as well as the Matsuya 2 roll (a large roll) which just about melts in the mouth it's so good.The Matcha (green tea) ice cream with the hot red bean paste (hot as in temperature) is to die for if you're down for dessert.Make a trip to Matsuya and you won't regret it.
<review# 532,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2013,5/15/2013,103,130,2,8,6>This place is great!  I've heard some good things about it, but never made time to go. Now that I've gone, I wish I had gone much sooner!  There are walls and walls of Reds and Bengals merchandise which makes sense, but they have gear for just about every team in most sports! I was especially impressed that they had Houston Texans gear - there's not many places around Cincinnati that sell Texans merchandise. They also have sporting equipment for various sports.The staff was friendly and helpful too!
<review# 533,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2013,5/14/2013,107,200,2,3,2>Wow, how had I never moseyed into Boardwalk Hobby Shop until this past week? After playing Bananagrams at a friend's house recently, I decided I needed to get the game for myself. My friend told me Boardwalk would probably carry it, and they did indeed. And here I was, about to order it online!I had to get myself in and out of this place quickly, because I could have potentially spent a pretty penny. There was such a huge variety of games, puzzles, card games, and other hobby-related things. I could have spent an hour or more just reading the descriptions of games I'd never heard of. Not to mention that the price-point was comparable to stores like Walmart or Toys-R-Us. If I am ever in need of another board game or just want to add to my current collection, I will be heading back to this local shop.
<review# 534,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2013,5/13/2013,208,168,,4,4>First let me start with saying that the view is pretty freakin awesome from here.  I'm definitely coming back just to sit on the patio, sip on a yummy craft beer and take in the view.Okay now on with the review.  I came here on a Thursday evening for dinner.  I was surprised at how small it was when I walked in.  The dining room was packed and the tiny bar doesn't have a lot of stools to offer an alternative to the dinning room seating.  Our wait for 2 was about 40 minutes long (I don't mind waiting).Once we were seated we started with the Mushroom Pastry as our ap.  It didn't disappoint.  Super fresh ingredients and flaky crust.  We split the Margherita Pizza and the Roasted Beef Sandwich.  The pizza was fantastic. Flavorful sauce and the crust was perfect.  The beef on the sandwich was tender and juicy, but they neglected to put the horseradish cream on our sandwich, so the flavor was a little on the bland side.  And to be honest, I don't remember there being any swiss cheese on the sandwich either.  But even with a couple of missteps the sandwich was still edible.   For desert we had the cheesecake. OH EM GEE!!! This cheesecake is to die for!  It was so good I didn't want to share...not gonna lie, I like my sweets.Everything here is made in house, from scratch.  Impressive.  If you haven't checked this place out yet, you need to.  It's worth the trip.
<review# 535,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2013,5/12/2013,64,204,,4,2>Came here for a fun afternoon lunch, and probably the best place you can get a taco for the price they give you! I did the 3 tacos for $9 and you really do get a ton of food! The pork and pineapple was delicious, sweet, and savory. Plus, you also get all the free chips and salsa you want! The salsas were definitely on the sweeter side, which was good to start, but maybe not ideal for long term eating, and the chips have a great seasoning on them to add flavor. While we were there, we sat on the back patio which is perfect for sunny days. you don't get much of a view, but it's nice to get that fresh air while you eat. The space inside is actually much bigger than I would have expected. It winds around the corner and seating just seems to appear out of thin air. I definitely plan on going back to try out more things on the menu and a drink or two!
<review# 536,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2012,5/11/2013,14,16,2,2,2>Outstanding food at a great price.  Check for the coupons on the coupon magazines.  We have always loved the tacos, enchiladas, and fajitas.  Just recently tried the tostada ceviche and found a new favorite.  The big margaritas and friendly staff a plus.  This large location is not as feastive as the one in Mainesville, but the patio is a plus in the summer.  It is our favorite mexican food in Cincinnati.
<review# 537,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2013,5/10/2013,340,494,5,7,2>Ok who hasn't driven down 75 and giggled when they saw the sign for Big Bone Lick State Park? No one? Yeah that's what i thought....It was a nice spring day so me and the hubby decided to do something new. It's about a 30 minute drive from Cincinnati, so not too bad to get out of town for awhile. There is a campground also with a lake and putt putt golf and a pool, but its only open in the warm months. you can't get anywhere near it when it's not open.There is a small visitors center that has a gift shop, that any person working there will open up if it's locked... as in there's normally only a janitor or a guard during the slow periods. All sorts of goodies in the shop for old and young, it's kind of neat. There's also a small "museum" in the center. There's a huge mastodon head, and tons of bones on shelves with stories. And it gives you the history of the area. Outside are some clay plaster dinosaurs recreated, as to what might have gone down in the swamp. Kinda neat.Did you know a "Lick" is actually another word for a "Spring"? As in a hot spring. Big Bone Hot Springs just wasn't fitting as the area is no longer a swampy hot spring that it used to be. And it got its name Big Bone, because guess what? People found big bones here! Creative right? Not so dirty anymore once you know whats going on. But it is neat to learn some history, there are signs around telling you about whats going on. There are a few playgrounds and picnic shelters which are nice. There's also a bison farm! It's a .2 mile walk from the visitors center, so easily accessible. You can go back the same way or continue to take a trail. Grab a map from the visitor center. It'll be helpful. The trails aren't as well marked except for marking on the trees, so look for those. There are tons of trails to take from short to long. But it can get real muddy after it rains fyi.
<review# 538,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2013,5/9/2013,125,175,,4,4>This place is great!!! Staff is awesome and friendly. The decor is awesome. I want them to come redo my house. THE FOOD!!! Everything is so good. We have had a lot of the menu items. They had a tuna dish that was to die for. It came with some sesame seed puffed rice cracker things as the tuna delivery system. We also love the pancake. It has an egg on top. We were fighting over this dish. If you don't know it is from the guys who own Pho Lang Thang. Another one of our favorite spots.
<review# 539,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2013,5/8/2013,21,165,2,4,6>I've been to tasting rooms/brewery open houses in many places, and this is definitely on par with what I like to see out of a tap room.  I love the fact that you can see the vats they brew in, and the industrial feel of the place.  People have mentioned the repurposed doors they made into tables, I thought it was cool that they used old fences/gates for the false ceiling over the bar.  It breaks up the space and has a good industrial style, so it doesn't look like you have a 25' ceiling above the bar.  Personally, I think a tap room should feel exactly like MadTree does.  A brewery uses industrial machines and huge vats, I don't necessarily want swanky/trendy feel or even a lounge-y feel.  I think industrial is how to do it.  I love the open air views of the vats.  Our conversation was about local beers (of course), and I said, "well, my beer was brewed RIGHT (pointed finger) THERE!" Doesn't get more local than across the room!  The polished concrete floors are just what I'd expect for a tap room.  They also have Cornhole and darts; good things.  Food trucks apparently know the place as Cafe De Wheels was there the night I was and a friend said he has see a couple of other trucks on other nights.The beer:  there were 5 beers on tap.  Each one was a great craft beer.  The Sprye (Spring Rye) was about 5% while the rest were about 7%, so mind your Ps & Qs, kids!They also have swag, t-shirts, coozies, and glassware for sale, as well as 6-packs and growler fills to go!
<review# 540,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2013,5/7/2013,21,101,3,5,4>If you're looking for variety (and really, what else are you looking for at a buffet?), then you've definitely come to the right place.  When you walk in, the first thing you are likely to notice is that the atmosphere presents itself as a step up from the typical chinese buffet decor--a bit of money has obviously been invested in the space.  Buffet doctrine stipulates 2 key factors to successful buffet operation:  variety and quality.  While well short of your Las Vegas strip behemoths, Ichiban offers the most of any typical chinese buffet I've ever come across, including a grill station and sushi station.  Most offerings cater to the American-Chinese crowd, but I was pleasantly surprised by a couple more "authentic" dishes as well.  They even spruced things up with one of those spiffy chocolate fountains in the dessert section.  insider's tip:  get one of their sugary, fried buns (look almost like beignets), and give it a quick dunk in the chocolate fountain!
<review# 541,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2013,5/6/2013,13,92,1,4,3>Coffee Emporium is better than other coffee shops. Here's why:1. Tons of vegan and speciality items, rotating daily. 2. Huge, open floor plan shop with many nooks and just the right level of noise. 3. Hip yet friendly staff. No aire of pretense - everyone is welcome here. 4. In the historic emery building - a beautiful location. Huge open windows for a 'New York'/ genuine urban feel. 5.  Convenient/ metered parking that's free before 9AM. Park, hop in, and leave. 6. Quirky and unique decorating (there's a bike wrapped in yarn as a decoration... Need I say more)7. Even the lids on their cups are compostable. To many people this doesn't matter - but I think that it underscores another reason of why I like CE - trying to be Eco-conscious when, well they really don't have to. I have a bit of social anxiety when trying new places, especially when I already have a favorite / routine place that fills my need in a certain area. I was worried this place would be a hipster paradise, but I was incredibly surprised. Definitely worth a try - you will never ever want to go anywhere else again!
<review# 542,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2013,5/5/2013,3,26,2,10,5>Places like this (with Sichuan Bistro and Sura in the same plaza) really make it a challenge not to go out to lunch or dinner about 10 times a week.  Head and shoulders above other middle eastern restaurants in the area, and honestly one of the best I've ever been to.  I used to drive to Alladin's, but with this place in my backyard, what's the point?The appetizers, dinners, and desserts are all authentic and delicious.  I'm really glad they stuck to their guns and didn't totally Americanize the menu for the area.  They make their own pita bread to order, and the service has always been great.Definitely worth a drive out to the 'burbs.
<review# 543,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2012,5/4/2013,120,162,6,10,5>5 STARS!!!Located in probably the least ideal part of town.  You are more than likely to get hit up by a panhandler, might struggle to find parking, be squeezed into the a storefront the size of a phone booth, and boy howdy will your clothes and car smell.  But gosh darn it all to heckfire, IT IS SO WORTH IT!!!!!The AFB combines two of my most favorite things in the world: Lenten Fish Fries and OTR.  At the AFB it is Lent all of the time.  You are presented with 3 different options, large platters of fish- cod, whiting, and haddock I believe.  All three will set you back about 6-8 bucks.  Each platter includes 5-7 pieces of fish, fries, and two pieces of bread.  You can tack on some sides and a soda for a couple of bucks more, but what you are given is at least two meals.The way it works is that you walk inside the small space, order, and you are given your ticket and one penny- for both luck and the fact that everything is 6.99 or 7.99.  When your number is called out, you proceed to the counter and gaze in amazement at the large, delicious platter in front of your eyes.  You then proceed to smother your deep fried bounty with vinegar, ketchup, mustard, and hot sauce.  They ask you if you want peppers.  You always say yes.  Do you actually want peppers?  Who knows, but just in case.  They wrap up your catch of the day and throw it in a bag.  Since there is no seating, everything is to go.Warning!  Outside there are no seats and usually a person or two asking for money.  You will have to transport your meal a distance before consuming.  Be prepared for your breath, body, and motor vehicle to smell like delicious, delicious, yet smelly fried fish.I have been told that you get a free meal on your birthday.  Mine is next week.  I will relay back with more info.  But you shouldn't wait for your birthday to feast on this fish.
<review# 544,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2013,5/3/2013,64,340,3,3,3>Awhile back I posted that our Jetta had finally crossed the 100,000 mile mark. It was at that time that I was alerted to a piece of maintenance that we had neglected to have done, replacing the timing belt. I believe it is recommended to be replaced at 60-100k, so we were well overdue.After talking it over with my dad, it was decided that replacing the belt was more work than we wanted to take on ourselves (with him doing the work and me mostly supervising). So I made a few calls to area service shops and even a dealership to get quotes. A couple of places, the dealership included, gave me a roughly $750 to $800 quote for the work (replacing belt and tensioner along with water pump, serpentine belt, and replacing the coolant). The last place I called, Dubwerx, wanted to see the car before providing a quote.So I drove the car down to them a couple of Fridays ago for them to take a look at it. After an hour or so inspection I was given their price for the same replacement service the other guys offered, but their price was only $670. Since they work only on Volkswagen and Audi cars, I guess they are able to perform the job quicker than others and do it at a lower cost. My decision was made immediately and I scheduled an appointment to have the replacement done.We dropped the car off to them last Wednesday evening so they would have it first thing Thursday morning. About 4pm on Thursday I got a call from the service director telling me that it would be done and ready for pickup before their 5:30 closing. I asked if I could leave it again overnight and pick it up on Friday morning, which was not an issue. The car was running great (just as it was) after picking it up the next day. I experienced wonderful service at Dubwerx and I will not hesitate to take my car back to them in the future.
<review# 545,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2013,5/2/2013,125,1068,,9,2>So many to choose from.  I came on a Saturday afternoon, which I thought all cupcakes would be sold out.  Not this place.  It was fully stocked.Staff was extra friendly and did not mind explaining what they had to offer.  The menu is huge!They have regular size cupcakes, bite size, cake pops, and more. My favorite flavors is the Cherry Coke Float, Chocolate Caramel, Mocha Salted Caramel, Salted Caramel, and at the time they had a "Tag A long" which is Girl Scout Peanut Butter flavored. All cupcakes I tried were fresh and moist. They also have gluten free flavors. Pricing for regular cupcakes are reasonable which is $2.50 and Bite Size $1.50.  Also have a rewards card, which I took advantage because I know that I will return.  If you are in the Kenwood/Silverton area, please drop by!There is a sitting area where you can enjoy your cupcake.Love this place!
<review# 546,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2013,4/29/2013,32,47,2,6,2>I started coming here for shellac manicures when I moved to the neighborhood and I was incredibly impressed. The total, with tax (and removal of old shellac if necessary) is $34.08, which is pretty competitive. I did go in for a shellac manicure on my lunch break on two occasions, however it took longer than expected and I don't think I'll be doing that again. The small amount of extra time they put into these manicures has them lasting longer than any other shellac manicure that I've gotten. Also, the staff is very nice and it's usually not too long of a wait (if at all) for walk-ins. Don't forget: They offer the equivalent of a frequent buyer card. You do have to ask for one, though; they're not just offered up. After 10 visits of $20 or more, you receive a $10 gift card. Definitely worth it so don't forget to ask!
<review# 547,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2013,4/27/2013,61,86,2,6,3>Do not let the name fool you...Wurst Bar is actually one of the BEST bars I've ever eaten at! This new restaurant located in the Mt. Lookout Square specializes in sausage. If you aren't a pork fan no need to fret they have a chicken sausage and a tofu sausage as well!The interior is absolutely stunning. Tons of little special touches with a modern motif and lots of exposed brick. This place gets packed! Show up early if you don't want to have to wait for a table. Despite the crowd we somehow lucked out and found a table near the back.Our table actually worked out in our favor as we were right by the kitchen and got to ask the chef a few questions. We loved the fries which come with every dog on the menu. A special type of potato and sea salt and apparently what make them so yummy!The sausage...oh the sausage! I had 'The Roonie' which was a a chicken, garlic, and truffle sausage topped with fried onions and boursin cheese. Holy yummy Batman! One of the tastiest sausages I've ever had. The flavors were paired to perfection! Wurst Bar is absolutely worth a trip to Mt. Lookout. Seriously go...now!
<review# 548,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2013,4/26/2013,27,172,,2,2>Half price bottles of wine on Mondays!I was here later on a Monday night and we closed the place down.  The staff were not pushy and allowed us to stay and catch up long after we cashed out.  I found the food to be good and a sizable portion.  I've been here for lunch and they were super fast and equipped to get you back to the office on time.  Their menu has some staples for less-adventurous but also some creative takes on usual dishes.All in all this is a solid place for a lunch or dinner with a little class but without pretension.
<review# 549,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/1/2012,4/25/2013,50,82,1,4,3>I first rode the Lebanon Mason Monroe railroad when my son was 2 years old and they had "Thomas the Train." Recently, I rode again for a murder mystery dinner. They really know how to market this railroad. The trains are really old and not comfortable. But, they connect the train rides with really cool events which is what makes them fun. So, if you're looking for the dinner on a train in luxury, it's probably not the train ride for you. But, if you're looking for a fun time with relatives, friends or kids, it's a great ride to take for a special outing.
<review# 550,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2012,4/24/2013,3,17,3,3,3>Wonderful variety of fruits and vegetables! The salespeople are incredibly helpful and knowledgeable! Picked up some of the largest brussel sprouts I've ever seen - literally they were nearly the size of a baseball and soo very good! (Roasted them in the oven with olive oil, salt, and pepper!) They had 2 pounds of whole cherries for $3 - a freakin steal! All produce is nicely displayed and easily accessible. I know it sounds nerdy, but it was so pretty, I took pictures!
<review# 551,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2013,4/23/2013,32,44,,3,2>They have a lunch buffet 7 days a week for $9 per person. My review is based on one lunch experience. This buffet blows their nearest competition out of the water. They have just as many options as the dinner buffet at Ajanta, and all the entrees are comparable. However, the dishes here at Jeet average slightly more flavorful (in a very good way). You have to try their saag; it's the best I've had.The new location looks very nice inside. Most of the customers were dressed for work and they fit in to the atmosphere better than I did in my casual attire.
<review# 552,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2012,4/22/2013,62,71,,6,3>An Italian version of Chipotle. Options are a piada which is their burrito (wish they would've done a flatbread pizza's option instead), but they also have pasta bowls, chopped salads and pick two.  You then select meat; chicken, crispy chicken, steak, calamari or salmon. You pick your veggies and sauce or dressing. They also have soup, spinach artichoke dip and fried calamari. I had they chopped salad which was big, I couldn't even finish. So many fresh options to choose from!!! They also serve a red and white wine and Italian beer . Definitely will be going back! :)
<review# 553,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2013,4/21/2013,7,147,2,2,2>We had dined at Ko Sho many times when it was downtown, but then we moved out of the area.  When we came back, we had our favorite Japanese restaurant close to us and it felt like cheating to go anywhere else.  We decided to give Ko Sho a try on a Saturday night, since we had been to our other place this week. It was not crowded.  We did not get sushi, but had several appetizers and shabu shabu.  Everything was delicious and fresh.  The wait staff and owners were all friendly and knowledgeable.  Yes, it is a little expensive, but good Japanese food usually is.
<review# 554,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2012,4/20/2013,57,343,,2,1>I brought my French friend here since she didn't know about fudge, as soon as we walked in the door she smiled and was like "Thank you America".  We were greeted by a young worker who was so friendly and nice to us. She asked if we wanted to sample anything and gave us our options on buying in bulk or just by the piece. My friend Laura, bought a half pound of assorted chocolates which included a buckeye, and some others. Also when we checked out, the young woman gave my friend some additional chocolate for free which included some chocolate covered oreo's and a caramel apple.
<review# 555,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2013,4/19/2013,7,8,,3,2>This was the best Indian food I have eaten in the Cincinnati metro area.  I liked that the menu offered items I had not seen before at other restaurants.  I went with a group of foody friends and we all loved it (including the friend that does not like Indian food). Everyone tried something different and we shared around the table. Please note that the appetizers are very large portions.  You will want to share them as well.
<review# 556,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2013,4/18/2013,94,140,2,4,2>Who would have ever thought olive oil could be cool?!?!  The Spicy Olive accomplished this very task.The Spicy Olive describes itself as a tasting emporium.for olive oil and balsamic vinegar.  It is locally owned by a group of women who are clearly passionate about their work.  The space is beautifully designed and welcoming.  There are jugs lining the walls of unique flavors of olive oil and balsamic vinegar.  There are little plastic cups conveniently placed so that you can sample each type.  Here are some examples of their unique varieties: blood orange olive oil, tuscan herb olive oil, champagne balsamic vinegar, etc.  Below each variety is a little card describing the flavor profile, pairings, etc.  Every type was so delicious that we had difficulty deciding.  There are soooo many flavors that I was not sure where to begin.  Luckily, the staff is ready to help!  The shop also sells gifts, olives (of course), herbs, etc. Their products are fresh and vary with the season.  The olive oil and balsamic vinegar can be purchased in a variety of sizes.  Once you have made your selection, they fill the bottles up and seal them right in front of you!  Also, it is very reasonably priced.  One of my favorite parts was how they wrap your purchase.  They put it in a very cute bag, complete with brightly colored tissue paper and ribbon.  I think this would make an awesome housewarming gift!  They will be opening a wine shop at their store within the month and I cannot wait.  I'm sure it will be just as fantastic.  According to their website they will be opening a location in Hyde Park this summer.  In the meantime, it is totally worth the drive up to West Chester!
<review# 557,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/14/2013,4/17/2013,82,119,3,7,4>A few years ago, if someone would have told me that I would spend a Saturday afternoon eating Pho inside a mall in Kentucky - I would have done that confused puppy head tilt back at them. Between then and now, life put me in the position to do just that.A bright green space with lots of pho options, bubble tea and other fare including spring rolls - this is not your typical mall food court spot. The ordering part is simple, and is actually just like your typical mall food court spot. You go up, order, pay and then you take your food to a table. Luckily, this is some tasty stuff. The husband and I started with a shared order of spring rolls which were fresh tasting and came with a good peanut sauce. We both got a different kind of pho, mine beef and his meatball. While it might not be the best pho I've ever had, it is definitely tasty and comes with a decent amount of accouterments. I really like knowing this place exists when I have to make a trip to the mall, but I just hope some other Florence mall-goers get with the program. I still saw too many Sbarro cups and plates around (not to disparage the great Michael Scott's favorite pizza place) among the other regular cast of characters in the food court scene. People need to embrace this special treat, I know I would have loved to have this available at my hometown mall during all of my teenage mall hangout sessions.
<review# 558,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2013,4/14/2013,20,199,,3,2>I've been coming to Zip's for 20 years and have always been amazed at how they turn out consistently great burgers by the hundreds, day after day with almost no variation from greatness.  Excellent old-time neighborhood joint that is clean & comfortable; almost always packed (hint: go there during non-peak hours, especially Fri., Sat., Sun); and a solid and current selection of draft beers as well, to go with the incredible combo of (my fave) Cheeseburger & Fries & Chili.  Now that is an all-American lunch and/or dinner!  Crowd= The gamut: singles, couples, groups of friends all ages, etc.  Also, expect lots of families with children who live in the area or are visiting from the 'burbs, as they pack the restaurant also.  (I don't recommend Zip's as a place to linger and drink, although they do have a completely separated bar.  There are so many other places in Mt. Lookout/Hyde Park/Mt. Adams to get your drink on...)Quick and outstanding service, and all of this with a large-scale model train set that runs around the perimeter of the restaurant's ceiling, keeping said kids mesmerized and happy.  That happiness makes for good vibes for the entire Zip's crowd.  It's a cozy place and good time for all.  I despise putting a number rating in terms of comparing their burgers to others (forgive me all you list-makers), but Zipburgers (and the fries and outstanding chili, with a little zip) IMHO, are without doubt one of the top 5 burgers in Greater Cincinnati for flavor, simplicity, and price.  Unbeatable combination!(Be prepared to wait out the doorway for 10-20 minutes if you show up on the weekend at noon or thereabouts or 6PM during the week.)
<review# 559,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2012,4/13/2013,76,315,2,2,2>I teach within walking distance of Zip Dip.... Each year there is a countdown in our office for when Zip Dip opens!  That really is the first sign of spring!This is my favorite of all the creamy whip's in town!  Go there if its been a particularly bad day at work, or its a Friday, or its sunny..... really any excuse....Their blizzards are the best!  Ask for an extra scoop of candy if you really want to kick it up a notch!  I also like their low-cal soft serve options, flavors change regularly and are always posted on a sign out front.  Add some fruit and don't feel too bad about the calories!Parking is always at a premium in their lot!  I recommend parking on the side road itself.  There is always plenty of seating especially since they added a whole mess of picnic tables a couple of years ago.  There will ALWAYS be a line, but it moves fast.Definitely try to get your butt here as soon as you see the flowers popping out of the ground!
<review# 560,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2012,4/12/2013,11,47,2,2,2>My family and I came here for the first time this weekend, and I was astonished at what a lovely park this is.  It's remarkable how they've taken formally-functional aspects of the city, like great big tunnels and railroad tracks, and transformed them into gorgeous architectural attractions.  We came for a 5K walk, and I was surprised at how easily accessible the pedestrian-only Purple People Bridge (unfortunate name) was.  It's nice that you can walk from downtown over the bridge to Newport for a movie or to the aquarium, and then back for an ice cream at Fountain Square.The park is clean, nicely laid out, and there are great views of the river and the skyline.  My son's favorite part was the geological timeline walk.  We'll definitely be back to explore more thoroughly.
<review# 561,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2013,4/11/2013,156,239,4,3,1>I think John Mellencamp says it best. Eli's "hurts so good". I have dreams about Eli's. I am not certain what they're really doing to the food back there but it might contain an additcive addititve. But that's just conjecture. I am one of the health conscious/diet restricted folk who don't partake of the breads that are plentiful in sandwich places. Fear not! For Eli's will accomodate your needs for a "pile of meat" without a bun with no muss. And honestly, I think you get more barbecue that way. SCORE! I tend to get the cheese and macaroni (yes, there is a difference), and the cheesy jalapeno grits with CRACKLINS on top. Sage advice: if you can at any time in your life add some fried pork bits to something, do so. You will not be sorry. The barbecue itself is wonderful. It's smoky yet moist and is a perfect compliment to the house sauce which has a slight burn to it and is also smoky and alluring, much like me. HA!Eli's is CASH only though so do be prepared. You can BYOB all day and night for ease and you can even choose some vinyl to play. How cool is that?I'm kind of thinking about barbecue right now...
<review# 562,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/13/2012,4/10/2013,311,349,2,2,2>This place was such a surprise to my taste buds! I didn't think much of it walking in - not the most elaborate decor... though the dishes were really nice. I stopped in for a quick bite while shopping in the area. I was the only person in there!I started with some red lentil soup that turned out to be delicious and I devoured it. Then came my chicken kabob wrap... for 6 bucks I wasn't expecting much... but it was DELICIOUS - the chicken... oh my gosh the chicken. It was tender and juicy with a nice char on the outside. Wrapped in a warm buttery pita and delicious tzaiki sauce... wow. I was really impressed. I mean.. there's cheap Mediterranean everywhere, but this place is QUALITY. PLUS they have a wine list of $19 a bottle... every bottle! That's fantastic. Cheap beer too. I will definitely come back here. It was delicious!
<review# 563,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2013,4/9/2013,112,240,,8,3>I wasn't sure if Cincinnati was ready for this specific coffee culture, because although the coffee scene in this city is much more impressive than I had imagined, Collective Espresso kind of takes it to a whole 'nother level.All coffee is made-to-order, commonly using either the Hario or Chemex brewing methods. This is not your standard grab-and-go, so I do think it's a little ironic that they don't have a whole lot of seating. With that in mind, I think what Collective is trying to achieve is that intimate, "enjoy your coffee like you're supposed to" vibe  with their bar-and-stool table tops. These guys are super knowledgable about their coffee, so ask them what's available for the day, and the story behind the source of their beans, brewing methods, or their innovative urge to bring Collective to Cincinnati.Yes, they have lattes and teas for everyone else. A few pastries.Expect a standard cup of black coffee to be fresh, pure, with a lack of bitterness, and no less than $3.00. Pricey for "coffee," but well worth it if you know how to enjoy the morning brew.
<review# 564,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/31/2012,4/8/2013,211,416,,6,1>Tioman Cafe is the fast-casual section of the triad of restaurants that is Straits of Malacca. The hours are listed as Monday through Saturday 11-3 but I wish they were open for dinner because I would definitely like to come back here at different times of the day and perhaps get takeout.Anyway, in an attempt to clear up some confusion, at Tioman Cafe you order at the counter and then they bring your order to you at your table.Right, so the food. Malaysian in Cincinnati! I'm not even sure if this existed before other than a few wayward dishes on a Pan-Asian menu. I got the Nasi Lemak which I very much enjoyed with the beef rendang. The manager described it as the National Dish of Malaysia, so of course it's worth trying. He also called out the Char Keuh Teow which basically sounded like a rice noodle dish (not unlike a Pad Thai just without the peanut sauce).They also recently added Laksa to the menu, which I love (coconut curry broth... kind of a no-brainer). I'll be heading back for that one when a craving strikes.My best advice is to do some experimenting. I love Char Siu and had that as well (which isn't a traditional Malaysian dish) but it's really hard to find around these parts. Especially presented in the traditional Cantonese BBQ fashion.I also had the Malaysian tea (not unlike a Thai iced tea) which comes with optional boba. It's also worth noting that they serve regular teas, smoothies and coffee drinks.All in all, it's worth enduring some confusion to give Tioman Cafe a try. Perhaps if we can create some Yelp demand they'll keep it open for dinnertime hours as well.
<review# 565,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2013,4/7/2013,100,121,5,16,6>The BF managed to get us invited to Sotto's 'soft opening', i.e., preliminary friends and family service last week (this is because he is much cooler than I am). Because the food, atmosphere and overall experience were AH-MAZING, we were eager to try Sotto again after it officially opened to the public (3/28). The restaurant was understandably booked full opening day, so we settled for last night. GREAT choice! While the Cincinnati-native BF was trying to explain to me the history of the Maisonette building (beautiful), and wax on the legend of David Falk's culinary genius - really, all I was obsessing over was, "An affordable Boca! Yes-Yes-YES!!!"I assumed the service (which was near-perfect during the soft service) would be a little choppier during the actual opening, perhaps the food served less ingeniously. It was quite nice to be totally wrong about my assumptions! The hostesses were sweet and smiley. Our server was sweet and smiley. The food expediters who delivered our courses were sweet and smiley. A nice, young, sweet and smiley lady browsed over to our table and was almost as excited about our Brussels sprouts appetizer as we were. And I LOVE the interior. Dimly lit with tall white candles. Managing to be intimate but spread-out (no cramped, elbow-to-elbow issue). Definitely a smoky richness in the air but crisp-feeling. We had a chance to peak into the big party rooms and they are both cozy and sumptuous. Sotto is tucked away downstairs in the basement, which is such a neat concept (i.e., may be difficult for physically handicapped guests). While the atmosphere is Old World, classy feeling, there are playful, laid-back touches: the servers wear jeans (yay!), and the music is upbeat without being eardrum-shattering. Our table was awesome - a cozy two-top, right next to the open wine cellar. Now, the food: (1) Bruschetta with goat cheese and hazelnut honey: it sounds cliche, but this bruschetta really is a "flavor explosion" in your mouth. Crunchy, slightly charred bread, delicately rubbed with garlic, lavished with creamy goat cheese and ricotta and drizzled with hazelnuts and honey. HEAVEN. If you don't like goat cheese, you'll love this. Heck, if you hate bread, honey, garlic, hazelnuts, life, etc., you'll still love this.(2) Brussels sprouts! Like Boca's! But maybe even better than Boca's! Why?! Because they added bacon to them! (i.e., pancetta lardons!), and shavings of Parmesan. I devoured my share and most of the BF's. (3) For entrees, I ordered the short rib cappellaci; the BF had the lumache all'amatriciana (I can spell 'em but I can't pronounce 'em). My dish was luscious little pillows of pasta, stuffed with a rich short rib filling, lightly sauteed in a butter-sage sauce. It was absolutely delicious - the only downfall to the dish was that it wasn't an entree-portion. I was a little bummed when I saw the portion size, and maybe a side, like broccolini, would fix this issue (or maybe I'm just a complete fatty? Who knows). However, I helped myself to the BF's generous portion of pasta, smothered in a rich, hearty tomato-and-meat-sauce. Delicious and satisfying. I'd definitely order his dish again. And, since all the pasta dishes are only $14 (you'll pay more at some crappy chain restaurant!), I'll happily return to Sotto until I've tried each of their pasta dishes! (Or maybe I'll order the pork tenderloin or flat iron steak that we tried during the soft opening, or the Porterhouse Steak for 2 special, or...yep, I'm a complete fatty). Dinner for two + 2 glasses of wine, excluding tax, was about $57.
<review# 566,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2013,4/6/2013,213,90,5,5,4>Deep India is my guiltiest of gluity pleasures!  My favorites are the chicken saag and the chicken tikki masala both at a spicy level of 5.  I admit, the food is not as good as Ambar, it is a bit greasier, oiler, and not as rich in flavor.  The actual restaurant is tiny... they probably have only 5 tables in the entire place.  But hey, Deep India has 3 things going for them: 1) they are cheaper than Ambar, 2) their portions are large (usually lasts me two full meals!), and 3) they deliver!  I can't count how many times I've been stuck in the library at 9pm studying for an exam and STARVING.  All I have to do is make a quick call to Deep India and wah-lah, yummy Indian food appears in front of me in no time!  In all, Deep India is quick and affordable - two things that the time-deprived, broke grad student in me absolutely loves!
<review# 567,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2013,4/5/2013,41,314,,4,3>Love this place! The staff is friendly, the drinks are good, the snacks are great. I highly recommend the lemon pound cake, or the peanut-butter and chocolate bar, or the chocolate chip muffin, or the bacon-egg-cheese breakfast burrito. Seating upstairs is a little tight, but from March to November you can usually sit outside, and then there's plenty of room. Many people also go for the waffles on Sunday morning: many topping options.
<review# 568,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/16/2012,4/4/2013,6,29,2,3,2>I currently live in Dayton, OH and drove down to Cinci to have dinner with my sister who was in town on business.  She was staying in this hotel so we decided to give 10 West a shot.  I was certainly not disappointed.  The service and views were very good.  We received complimentary homemade chips and French onion dip that were REALLY good.  We had the spring rolls for an appetizer, they were really good.  For dinner we both had sandwiches.  I had the Club which was good but could have used a little more flavor.  My sister had the Chicken Rubin, which I tried, and really liked.  All-in-all I'd totally eat here again if I am ever in the neighborhood.
<review# 569,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2012,4/3/2013,19,61,,1,2>I took an acrylic painting class here with Ken Buck in the fall, and it was fantastic.  It was my first real attempt at any kind of painting since high school, and I could not have found a better teacher, or group of people to welcome me back into it.  The class was affordable, and Ken Buck is a great teacher and artist in his own right.  I felt very encouraged by everyone in the class.  If anyone is thinking about taking an art class, I would definately recommend Ken Buck at the Essex.I also went to an art show at The Essex, which was a lot of fun.  Although I had been taking classes in the building, I had no idea how big it actually was until I was walking from room to room looking at artwork and eating cheese.
<review# 570,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2012,4/2/2013,45,137,2,2,2>Have you been bitten by the gardening bug?  Is your green thumb getting worse?  Don't worry!!  No need to cure it, take yourself to Worm's Way and get your horticulture on.This specialized gardening store boasts the best local collection of gardening supplies for all your indoor, seed starting, and green house garden needs.  In addition, stock up on your smart pots for container gardening, pick up some heirloom seeds, and marvel at the seed starts reaching for the artificial sun tucked into grow pods around the store.  Beware, your quick trip might turn into a 2 hour conversation with the SUPER helpful and friendly staff (Thanks, Rose!) most of who are more than casual gardeners themselves.  When they tell you something works, it's because they've tried it.  Spend your money with the peace of mind that comes from growing your own food and pushing yourself off the grid.  From a few cents for degradable starter pots to several hundred for a state of the art clipping-cloner (looks like a large fish tank; I know, I expected a cloning machine to look more like a telephone booth, too) your green thumb may spread to green hands and arms.  In addition to getting your seedlings going, they'll provide you with information about local gardening clubs because being off the grid can get awfully lonely.  Apparently they have a yearly clearance sale around October so you can stock up for next years' growing season or get your winter basement growing on.This is the best and only place in the greater Cincinnati area for this kind of stuff, stop in, you never know what you might find growing.
<review# 571,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2013,4/1/2013,74,158,1,3,3>This fall I discovered a few great hidden treasures in Cincinnati: hotel bars. The Bar at Palm Court was the second stop on our hotel bar crawl. I'm so glad it wasn't later in the evening as I was able to fully enjoy the splendor. We were lucky enough to get a table at the seashell-like couches. The wine selection was excellent and not over-priced. The best part about this bar: the chefs cooking for the #1 Orchids at Palm Court are the same chefs cooking deliciousness for the bar. My husband ordered pork belly sliders and I honestly think the chefs are pork magicians. Order them - you won't be disappointed!
<review# 572,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2013,3/31/2013,33,50,,4,2>Five solid stars.I had heard many things about Virgils, as it is locally owned and supposedly ran very well. Two friends and I (I the third wheel as usual) wanted to try somewhere small, independent, and good, so we drove down through Bellevue and saw Virgil's and said of course! Inside you'll find a lot of art on the walls for sale, and it's the perfect example of superbly utilizing a small weird space to make it unique while keep it classy.This was a Friday night, and as it is not very big, there was a wait. We were told 30 minutes for us, but at that moment three people got up from the bar, so we snagged their spots. The bar is very small, I think only 5 or 6 chairs, so it was nice and cozy. The bar's just as cool as the rest of the place with a good selection and their own mixed liquors such as cinnamon whiskey (with cin sticks in the bottle) and cucumber gin. I couldn't pass up the gin. Give it a try to sip on, it's quite refreshing.This was Cincy Beer Week, so they had a special 3-course menu sampler that had three beers, one per course, and your choice between two entrees for each beer. I started with beer-tossed mussels paired with a Lore Mild Ale. The mussels were awesome however the beer wasn't that great, but it's from KY so I'm not mad at it (it just needs a little work). Next up was Crawfish Etouffee with Cumberland's IPA. Amazing paired and perfect for the main course. For dessert I got the Stout and Lava Cake paired with KBB's Stout. You can't go wrong with a chocolate cake who's only liquid ingredient is beer. Friggin' yum. The portions worked out well for by the end I was quite satisfied and a happy little camper.I was expecting it to be a little cheaper since it was just a small place, but I quickly understood the prices once I got a feel for the place. Great to bring a first date or out-of-towners!If you're looking for a spot you haven't tried yet in a cool little town, come to Virgil's, there's no way you'll regret it.
<review# 573,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2012,3/30/2013,8,54,2,4,3>Where can you go to try most of Rivertown's beer on tap? At their brewery!!!  If you come on Thursday, Friday, or Saturday evenings, they have about 8 beers on tap with 4 beers rotating on one of the taps (normally the seasonal beers).  Most beers are $4 a pint (or however much a full solo cup is).  The higher alcohol content beers are $5.  They also offer $1 tastings.  They also have a deal for $5.33 you get a pint, a Rivertown glass, and a brewery tour.  Good deals all around.  They have a grill out on Fridays doing burger, dogs, and some different wursts.  I had one of the bratwursts and I'm pretty sure they were just prepackaged brats.  The wursts were $4, hotdog was $3.  I would suggest eating before you come or order a pizza while you're there.If you like RIvertown or want to try all their beers, come by and support your local brewery.
<review# 574,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2012,3/29/2013,210,324,12,5,3>Dude 1 : Let's watch sportsDude 2 : And football!Dude 1 : Let's drink beerDude 2 : Craft Beer!Dude 1 : you wanna go downtown?Dude 2: no, do YOU wanna go downtown?Suburbanite 1 : Hey guys, go check out the tap house! it's in kenwood not too far from the mall, it's got tons of TV's and beer specials during the game, including plenty of things that don't rhyme with UD, Iller, or OORS. lots of happy hour specials and gourmet burger options that they don't upcharge. Dudes 1 and 2 : Microbrews, Custom Burgers and Lots of TV's???  NO WAY!!!Suburbanite  1 : Way.
<review# 575,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/5/2012,3/28/2013,74,101,,3,2>Great state of the art facility with plenty of things to keep you busy. The class list is extensive, especially during the day.  Everything from spinning (with heart rate monitor readouts), yoga, total body, Zumba and dance. If you are looking for weights their machines are "Smart" and for a few extra bucks you pick up this key card that you plug into each of the machines that not only tells you the settings for each machine but also records how much you've lifted, etc. At the end you take it to this station and it gives you a run down of your workout and you can brag to your friends that you lifted 20,000lbs that day..total BA macho woman. Indoor/Outdoor pools are nice along with the locker rooms, each locker has a key pad so need to worry if you forget your lock. Also because its a Jewish Community Center they are respectful and have certain hours for women only or men only swimming, also a smaller light weight room that follows a similar schedule. They have a spa but I havent had the pleasure of receiving a massage or pedicure...hmm, note to self. Cafe has pretty basic food/snacks. The community center part has many activities and also offers classes for adults and kids alike (extra fee)Overall a very nice facility, trainers are a little apathetic if you arent doing a personal session but the individual instructors are helpful in classes.
<review# 576,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2012,3/27/2013,63,59,,6,4>I went to 501 Salon and Spa in Bellevue for the first time today.  As I drove by a few weeks ago, I realized that the once vacant corner building was now an Aveda Salon and Spa.  What luck since I have been searching for an Aveda Salon ever since moving to downtown Cincinnati.  After seeing it, I immediately looked on Yelp at the reviews. They were all great, so I made my appointment.  The owner bought the old corner brick building and remodeled the entire inside into a full service salon and spa and it looks great. The inside décor is all newly remodeled in a warm and modern décor that fits the modern Aveda Salon. It is a full service salon and spa so they have all the great 'extras' that we ladies look for in a salon. Maggie was the lucky one to be responsible for me today.  I warned her that I was extremely picky about my hair and had many demands.  She patiently listened to my requests and added comments and suggestions and together we came to a consensus on what to do.   She explained why she was doing something and gave me advice on how to style it once I got home (because we all know we can't do it the same as the salon does it). This place is great!Bottom Line:  Even though I'm sad to leave my old salon in the suburbs, I think this will now be my new Aveda Salon.
<review# 577,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2011,3/26/2013,177,120,3,2,2>When I was young Dad drove out of his way to Atlas because of their service.  He told me then that it was the best in town.  25 years later, I now live down the street from them and I wouldn't go anywhere else. I don't like to give out 5 stars unless they are completely warranted.  Atlas warrants the high rating.      - Quick turn around on suits and shirts   - Local.  They don't sent 99% of their work out to a larger cleaner.   - Great service from friendly ladies who remember you.   - Fairly priced.  They even once let me owe them $ b/c I didn't have the     total amount on me and they don't accept CC's.Best in town for a reason.
<review# 578,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2011,3/25/2013,25,10,,6,3>I was in the market for a comfort / touring bike. I had looked online but knew I needed to get in and actually get fitted for one. I am not a bike expert, but the staff at Reser was able to match me up with a perfect bike. John pulled a couple out and went over the different features and we decided what I needed. He then let me take it out for a spin so I could be confident that it was what I wanted. The price was within my budget and the fact that they offer free lifetime maintenance for the bikes purchased there sealed the deal. I even purchased a new bike helmet to go with my new red Torker!
<review# 579,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2012,3/24/2013,37,122,2,2,2>I've been to several Ten Thousand Village stores and they all offer the same type of fair trade items (decor, jewelry, edibles). I love these places and my mom used to make a point of stopping by the one near my home to pick up something, anything to show support to artists trying to make a living. She'd just set a young me loose in the store to pick something. Its a sweet memory and its also how I ended up with a green (quartz?) pear...chalk that up to youth.Back to O'Bryonville: The two ladies working were very sweet and helpful. One asked if I needed help right away and seemed excited that I had a groupon.  I like their conversational style. The seemed happy to be working there! The place was tidy and cool.I went in looking for a Mother's Day gift and something for me (see the pattern?) but always get lost in the jewelry section. It is my go-to section where I know I'll be able to find something cool, handmade, and unique at a good price. I did pick up Kenyan earrings and Chinese coin bracelets.It is a great place to pick up a gift (I've received items from TTV for graduation and birthday) or a distinctive piece none of your friends will have.
<review# 580,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2013,3/23/2013,16,97,3,2,2>I believe that the great kinds of foods takes you back to your best childhood days. When world was simple and beautiful. When a simple snack made by mom with banana and shortening seems like heaven. I was taken back to that heaven when i tasted the french toast at Vitor's. The french toast here is said to be the best of Cincinnati, and it is no hyperbole. It was toasty and crunchy on the outside, and soft and delicious on the inside. It had a pastry cream over it which was just the right amount of sweetness. I always thought the french toast would be too sweet for my breakfast, so i had ordered a breakfast duo - a half order of french toast and an omelette, choosing ham,red onions,spinach, and broccoli. It was a very balanced meal, with the french toast being not too sweet really, and the omelette providing a savory complement.I had the french toast all by myself, much to the surprise of my wife who accompanied me in my adventure.She had a crepe of the day, which was also very tasty. My next guests, this would be one place I would take you to.
<review# 581,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2013,3/22/2013,60,99,2,3,2>I'm gonna pop some tagsOnly got twenty dollars in my pocketI - I - I'm hunting, looking for a come-upThis is f"ing awesome-MacklemoreThere is a reason this is called a Superstore. As mentioned in many reviews, it is gianormous! There is a little or a lot of everything from LP's to santa statues! When you visit this place, make sure you a decent amount of time or come in knowing what you want specifically or your 30 minutes could turn into 3 hours. I know as I used to stop here 3 - 4 times a week on my commute to the University of Cincinnati. This is the thrift shop that other thrift shops shop at!
<review# 582,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2012,3/21/2013,52,101,15,7,6>The last time I was in a committed relationship was back in the good old days when a Jr. Bacon Cheeseburger was a still a buck and the only Siri I knew was a Scandinavian pole dancer. To fill the void in my heart, I have been filling my belly with culinary happiness. That means courting girls like Wendy, Mimi, and Marie Callender (and yes, I also spent some time with with 5 Guys but that doesn't make me bi-curious it makes me bi-carnivorous (bad joke, I know. No wonder I'm single) : / When I'm not out running game on the ladies, you can usually find me out on the town getting my dessert on. In the past, I frequented hometown favorites like Graeter's and Aglemesis Brothers but now there is a new ice cream parlor in Cincinnati and I'm here to report it's as good as it gets.Hello Honey has only been open for 4 months but already it's considered one of the best in the area. And that is thanks to amazing homemade ice cream offered in unique flavors like malted chocolate, butterscotch cake, salted caramel, and thai roasted coconut. But the excitement doesn't just stop there. For an additional charge you can have a homemade marshmallow square toasted on top of your ice cream (think campfire s'mores on top of excellence). It seems like this place is getting all kinds of hype but let me assure you, the hype is real. In fact, you can't over-hype perfection, so make your way down to Vine Street and see what everyone is talking about!
<review# 583,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2013,3/20/2013,181,524,2,3,1>This might be as good as dim sum gets in Cincinnati. On the weekend, you can get the full push cart service with a wide variety of goodies, and it appeared that they priced each of the dishes at 2.95, which is very reasonable. Everything tasted great except for the curry calamari, which would have been fine but for the fact that it had been cooked too long and was much too soft. We also ordered a Chinese vegetable dish that tasted fine but was quite expensive for the quantity. I suspect that the furniture at this restaurant has been around so long that it has now become retro (the green leather chairs!!), but it makes feel all the more authentic as a Chinese place: dated, Chinese paintings with gold gilded frames, tile floors. It's nothing spectacular, but has nostalgic comfort for an "A-B-C" (American Born Chinese) like me. This probably would have been a 5 star for dim sum (relative to Cincinnati options) but for the fact that one of the waitresses wouldn't let us leave until we gave a satisfactory tip. My family wasn't sure if a 15% tip was necessary since it wasn't traditional waiting service, so left a little less. I totally understand expecting a certain amount of tip, but all the same she was terribly rude about it. Totally our mistake but all the same, it's ridiculous to not let guests leave without paying 15%. I hope they only made such a fuss about it to us because we were also Chinese and that they don't do that to others. All that being said, I never expect much in customer service at places like this and am going for the food, so I will be back!
<review# 584,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2013,3/19/2013,62,137,2,3,2>I can't say enough wonderful things about Yoga Alive. I've taken a few hot yoga classes in town at Moksha, but there was something about the studio that didn't keep me coming back. When I saw that Yoga Alive had a 10 classes/month for new students, I decided to give it another try. The studio itself is welcoming and very serene. The locker rooms have plenty of space for your things, but keep in mind there are no locks so be sure to keep your valuables in the car. I haven't used the showers but I would have no problem using them considering how clean the studio is kept. There is a water fountain station (very state-of-the-art, you'll see) to fill up your water bottle and a place to clean your mat after a very sweaty practice. I have only taken the 60 minute class, 60 flow class and Yoga Jamz. My teachers have been Josh, Joe and Cheryl, and each is fantastic in their own way. Cheryl has a ton of energy so I love taking her class on Fridays right before the weekend gets started. The only thing that bothered me at first was the amount of new students who didn't practice the standard rule of silence once entering the room. I think the instructors must have noticed because now they've started reminding everyone at the beginning of class, so problem solved. I just signed up for a monthly unlimited pass so that I can take advantage of the spinning and hot pilates. Props to Chelsea at the front desk in Clifton for being so nice and answering all my questions. Whether your a newbie or a veteran yogi, Yoga Alive is the perfect place to practice.
<review# 585,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2013,3/18/2013,336,296,2,3,4>When great chefs come up in topic, Jewell's on Main's Chef is always in the mix.  The only problem I had was choosing which meal.  So many suggested their favorites.  It felt like a good burger day, so that's what I did.  So glad I did, it was perfectly delicious.  My boyfriend had meatloaf.  What I loved about that was, I got to taste it. lol!  It looked like a steak and very beautiful with the green asparagus on the plate.  Nice presentation.It was all very reasonable which puts it back on my list to return and try the pork tenderloins and all the other favorites.
<review# 586,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2013,3/17/2013,16,184,,4,2>I. Love. Adriatico's. I live out in the burbs and I will gladly drive down to Clifton for this delicious food anytime!  First, they have like 40 beers on tap which you just can't beat with a stick.  So many options, such a big beer belly in my future.  Then there's the food.  We have had both their pizza and my beloved Zoni.  Their meatball Zoni is outta this world good!  We also tried the fried pickles on our last visit which I have never had before- I'm a fan.Service has been hit or miss for us, the first time the place was absolutely packed and we had great service.  The second time, we were one of maybe 5 or so tables at 10:30 or so and the food took forever to come out and when it did it was lukewarm.  They heated it up for us and it was fine but we were a little disappointed on that particular evening.Parking can be a pain if you are there during their dinner rush so plan for a few extra minutes of driving around to find a spot on the street.Overall- this place is one of my favorites!
<review# 587,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2012,3/16/2013,29,222,3,4,1>I finally made the trek to Loveland to try out Holtman's... and everyone is right! Amazing donuts! I got three and ate them all that same day. I couldn't even be patient enough to take a picture to post on Yelp before devouring them.What I didn't expect was their super-friendliness. It felt like a really fun place to be, and the employee was very nice.A couple tips-- on weekdays, Holtman's Loveland location is now open until 11PM. I don't know about you, but nighttime is actually when I have my sweet tooth cravings. And if you want to see drool-worthy donut pictures everyday, 'like' them on Facebook. But be warned. You might gain a few pounds from the temptation.
<review# 588,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2013,3/15/2013,97,120,,4,1>My 3 year-old daughter just started ballet this winter.  Let me tell you, it isn't easy to run out and find teeny tiny leotards and ballet slippers and I had no clue where to look.  I happened to come across Diana's (thank you, Google) and I'm so glad I did.  Both Diana and the other employee who was working the day I went in were SO kind and helpful.  They literally knew exactly what my daughter needed to wear, just based on me telling them which of the local dance theater she attends.  When I brought her in to be fitted for ballet slippers, they got down on her level and  talked to her about taking care of her shoes; they made her even more excited (as if that was possible) to start dancing.  I can't say enough good things about them and plan on giving them my business from now on.  Just a word of warning, they have kind of wonky hours so check before you head out there.
<review# 589,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2012,3/14/2013,181,295,8,6,9>Ok, so i'm just going to be really honest and admit that I don't even like beer. I know, I know -  by now you must be wondering why I gave this place five stars. Um, probably because i've never had REAL beer before I came here. (sad, but true). I walked in and was completely mesmerized by the atmosphere. Actually, before you even walk in there is even a cool orange retro VW van outside with the 50 west brewing company logo on the side. And the menu is written in different colored chalk (whoever took the time to write it all out gets major props, that's no joke) and there is just SO MUCH BEER. and coffee beer?! Don't even funk with my heart like that. So I got a flight, not really expecting to be that impressed, even with the coffee beer - but oh, the coffee beer. Sex in the mouth, really. And gingerbread cookie? Say whaa!? Also delicious. I'm sure much to the cute (non-married) owners' chagrin, I did end up purchasing some of the local vodka in the end (I loved the taste of the beers, but they made me really full, and what with my consumption of copious amount of servatti's pretzels, beer cheese and this crack-like pretzel trail mix homemade by one of the owners' own mothers, I was about to explode. Not to mention the actual location is super spacious and beautifully decorated. Apparently they kept some of the original walls from the old building which adds to that "old-time" feel. (LOVE). It's such a wonderful place to come and hangout with friends or a sig other or by yourself or WHOEVER. just go and see for yourself what everyone is raving about. pinky promise you will NOT be disappointed. Oh wait, one last thing, when I got my bill I was completely shocked by how cheap everything was - 1/2 off before 5pm?! Crazy ridic. This place seriously knows how to do business, because i'm pretty sure my tip was bigger than my actual bill. Yeah, it's just that good.
<review# 590,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2013,3/13/2013,100,322,2,2,2>Yum-- I dream of this ice cream.  My go-to favorites are Black Raspberry Chip (obviously), Blueberry Pie (bits of crust!!), and Mocha Chip.  I got a Black Raspberry Chip Chocolate ice cream cake for my birthday-- it was so good, I almost didn't want to share it.  Of all of the things Cincinnati can be proud of, Graeter's should be at the top of the list.  I like this location because it is a little larger, has a drive-through, and ample seating.
<review# 591,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2013,3/12/2013,79,228,4,6,3>YES!!! HALLELUJAH!!!! EUREKA!!!! AUSGEZEICHNET!!!! MUY BUENO!!!!!I have been waiting and waiting (and waiting) for a traditional Mexican restaurant to open in this neck of the woods and it's finally here! Welcome to the neighborhood El Cholula! For months I've been driving by this place with the sign "El Cholula" impatiently waiting for its doors to finally say OPEN.I stopped in for lunch today and had a very pleasant experience. There are two different dining rooms and a good-sized bar in between. The menu is expansive and has one page dedicated entirely to lunch. I'm going to come back and try a lot of them. Today I went with a quesadilla that was good. I enjoyed that the tortilla was crispy on the outside and still soft on the inside. The sides of rice and beans looked to be smaller than I'm accustomed to, but they still tasted good. Maybe they're served in larger portions for dinner entrees. I can't be sure until I've gone back for dinner.All the servers had big smiles on their faces and the manager was going around introducing himself to customers. Day 2 of operations and the staff already seems to have a firm grasp on creating a friendly environment and providing excellent customer service.See you again soon El Cholula, very soon. In fact, would you like to go to dinner tonight?
<review# 592,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2012,3/11/2013,52,69,1,4,5>I'm going to go ahead and say that Brew River is my favorite new restaurant of 2012. The atmosphere is relaxed but nice, the staff is friendly, and everything I've ordered has been excellent. One of my favorite items is the poutine made with curried beef ribs. There are other places that have some excellent poutine, but this is different enough to be in it's own category. The beer is excellent. In addition to a large selection of guest beers on draught, Brew River makes beer that stands shoulder to shoulder with some of the best breweries in the US. The Maker's Scream and Stout is one of the best beers I've ever had, and the Coconut Porter is top notch.The only thing I would be wary of,  is that the food and beer are higher quality, and therefore higher priced than your typical pub. That being said, Brew River is a great restaurant, and well worth the money.P.S. The front room area on the second floor has an awesome view of the river. I just sat up there for the first time last night. During the summer, the deck is the place to be though.
<review# 593,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2012,3/10/2013,82,120,1,4,1>We stumbled accross 1/2 price bar menu the first night we came. While the bar was hopping, we found a table immediately and the service was excellent. Decent wine selection and interesting, upscale kinds of food. The stuffed avocados were great as was the grilled truffled cheese and tomato soup. (The soup was really a dip, not a soup at all, but it tasted okay). Try the oreo stuffed doughnuts with raspberry sauce. AMAZING!The bar was full of 40-somethings in suits which had come after work or with a date. Makes for good people watching.
<review# 594,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/27/2012,3/7/2013,8,207,,1,1>Talk about a hole in the wall that really surprised me!  It has a random assortment of Asian cuisine, where I tried the pho.  Honestly, this is probably the best pho I've had in Cincinnati - totally legit and I wasn't super thirsty afterwards so I suspect the MSG was really low if any.  I had a small bowl though I wish I got the large bowl - the variety of meat in the soup is not great, but I'm a simple pho person, so it was just what I needed.  It's good enough that I don't even want to try anything else on the menu.  This will be my go to place from now on when I'm in the Kenwood area - definitely worth a try if you haven't been there!  P.S. If I were rating this vs Cincinnati pho, it'd be a 5 star easily...4 stars vs others I've had which is pretty good.
<review# 595,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/4/2012,3/6/2013,15,62,,2,1>I drink whisky and bourbon, but usually it has to be mixed with something and even then, I find it to be quite strong.  My palette is developing.  When I went to the OKBB and ordered a Manhattan, it was possibly the finest Manhattan I've ever had.  It was perfectly balanced and almost refreshing.  You could taste the rye and the bitters and it all worked so well together.  The bartenders are incredibly knowledgeable about all the whisky they have and are more than happy to make recommendations or talk your ear off in general.  It's a friendly, yet trendy atmosphere and is nice to belly up to the bar, sit against the wall or if you can grab the back table with a group, it's also a nice experience.  They have other whisky based cocktails, but don't expect them to have vodka, gin or anything like that readily available.  I applaud them for their whisky/bourbon only focus.  They do it quite well.
<review# 596,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2012,3/5/2013,5,16,,2,2>After moving to Cincinnati at the end of August, my husband and I have been searching for new places to have our favorite foods. This place is quickly becoming one of them. We've been here a few times and have enjoyed our experience each time. As others have mentioned, the "half price" thing is a little gimmicky -- on the other hand, we're able to stuff ourselves with solid sushi for pretty cheap, and I'll tolerate a gimmick for the right price. The sushi itself is good. They have a lot of "specialty" rolls, most featuring spicy sauce -- which is A-OK with me. Their C9 Supreme roll and Red Double are our personal favorites on that menu. However, and this is my true test of a sushi place, their "simple" rolls are excellent. The yellowtail and scallion roll is incredibly fresh and delicious, no spicy sauce needed here. Another note about sauces -- many of their specialty rolls include eel sauce. My husband and I are NOT a fan of eel sauce, so we always ask to have it left off -- and this is never a problem. This is refreshing compared to many sushi places who act personally affronted if you ask to leave something off -- like, "Look, this is a sushi roll that features tempura shrimp, spicy mayo and crawfish, this ain't authentic sushi, folks!" None of that issue here, which I appreciate. The service is good -- attentive without being overbearing. The only real negative is the size of the place -- it's incredibly small. We tend to eat early, so this hasn't been a huge problem with us, but it definitely fills up quickly. The tables are pretty close together, too -- understandable in such a small space. All in all, this is an excellent place to eat and I'm thrilled that we found it!
<review# 597,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2013,3/4/2013,43,23,2,10,4>Yelp probably won't allow enough characters for me to give this place the review it really deserves.  Nestled in the heart of Mainstrasse Village above Goodfella's Pizza, this gem of a lounge is different from what anyone else is doing in this city.  There are over 140 different bourbons to choose from, so this place is basically Mecca for me.  Price ranges from $4-$70 from their bourbon selections, so they really offer something for everyone.  Not to mention, their craft cocktail list is beyond amazing.  Get an Old-Fashioned, a Boss-Manhattan, or a Seelbach... They will all change your life. I can't forget about their beyond amazing bar staff either.  Bill, Brendan, and Lou will quickly become your best friends on weekends, and truly care about their patrons.Then there's the pizza downstairs at Goodfellas... Let's just say since trying one of their New York style slices (which are bigger than a baby), I haven't been able to eat any other pizza since.  I'm completely hooked.Check this place out immediately!! You won't regret it!
<review# 598,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2012,3/3/2013,39,37,,1,1>We had a wonderful meal at M.  Great, efficient service (although we were there at 5:30), and the atmosphere is modern but cozy (think A Tavola but with chairs that are actually comfortable and tables big enough for four people).  Between the four of us, we got the whole fish, two gratins, and three pizzas:  margharita, homemade sausage and apple, and mushroom.  My brussels sprout and cauliflower gratin was amazing.  The husband's mushroom gratin was basically just roasted mini bellas - good but simple.  All three pizzas were delicious, but the homemade sausage was my favorite.  The crust is woodfired but soft, and their red sauce was perfect.  The only let downs were the VMC appetizer, which was just small for what it was, and the salad which was also small and not very exciting.  I had a glass of the pinot noir which was delicious and well priced at $7.  We ended  with what might have been my favorite part of the meal, a homemade apple bourbon ginger pie.  Apparently they have a pastry chef who make all three of the pie options.  I'm looking forward to trying their other desserts!Overall I was really pleased with the service, atmosphere and the food.  To top it off, I felt that everything was very reasonably priced.  We definitely over-ordered this time, but next time I think we'd be good to share a pizza with a few sides (and dessert!)Finally - this place is hard to find on the internet!  Does it even have a website?
<review# 599,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2013,3/2/2013,6,18,,3,2>We ate there today -- the restaurant's opening day. Amazingly, they were operating quite smoothly for their first day (rarely the case for a new restaurant). More importantly, the food was outstanding. Interesting. Fresh. Delicious. Local. Organic. And the service could not have been better or more personable. Jen and Leah, the two owners -- I know their names because they have them written on all their signage, and they make a point of telling you -- could not be more pleasant and passionate about their new business. For me, that is so nice to see. And so inspiring. I will be back. To get great food, and to support a much-needed local business.
<review# 600,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2013,3/1/2013,125,175,2,3,2>I love Best Friends Pet Care. I have never used the boarding service.  I have been using Brie the dog trainer for a month. I just signed up for another month. She has done a great job teaching me how to train my two Chihuahua's. I already signed up for another month. She comes to my home which I LOVE! There are also classes available at the business. My Chi's also love to go to the Meetup.com groups that have indoor play when it is too cold outside. This is hard to come by in Cincinnati. Some of the groups that meet at Best Friends include the Cincinnati Small Dogs Meetup Group, The Cincy Chihuahua Meetup Group and the Cinci Yorkie and Petite Pup Club. This has helped my dogs become socialized around dogs of their own size and has been very helpful to our family. I highly recommend this place for any size dogs.
<review# 601,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2013,2/28/2013,13,92,2,6,4>ZULA is fantastic; a well-planned answer to the questions critics have been asking about OTR.1) Zula is BIG. One of my biggest frustrations with dining in OTR is the small size of the floorplans of the 'boutique' restaurants in the area. At Zula there seems to be enough room to rival suburban restaurants, with no loss of character!2) Zula is UNIQUE! Smartly, the layout is the bottom floor of one building, the back of the neighoring building and ... THE ALLEY between them. The sheer architectural quality of this place made me happy to be dining here. In the Alley area, you are in between two buildings, and can even look through the ground floor windows to see the chef... how cool!3) Quality was ON PAR with higher end restaurants in the area, on night two! I was a bit afraid of trying Zula because I had a bad time at Kaze and Anchor, but the food was beyond excellent. There were 8 types of mussels, with savory and delicious broth. We loved the bacon mushroom side too. There are so many things that I want to try on the menu.4) Parking and safety are EASY. This is about 50 feet from the corner entrance to the Music Hall lot, and it couldn't be easier. For anyone with concerns about safety in the area this is a great place to start out, because it is effortless. Even with a long long dinner parking was $3. Overall, I loved it. This is soon to be the new hot spot, and finally has the capacity to hold large parties. I am very optimistic about Zula's future and the new restaurants of OTR!
<review# 602,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2013,2/27/2013,20,109,,4,4>Behind a rather nondescript and ugly shopfront in Hyde Park Plaza there lurks a tiny gastronomic delight which will please all lovers of Indian food.I'll be honest and say it that it took me quite a while to return to Shaan, my initial visit for lunch - just a couple of days after they first opened a few years back - proving to be a massive disappointment.Then some Brit pals of mine kept raving about it, saying it was the best Indian food they had tasted since emigrating across the pond. They nudged and nudged and kept leaving reviews on networking sites remarking just how "bloody delicious" it was.This past weekend they finally talked me and the missus into darkening Shaan's doorstep to give our taste buds a tickle.And a damned good tickle it was! My earlier reservation about the place was immediately dispelled with the first bite of my chosen Chicken Makhani. I didn't go too hot on the restaurant's 'spice register' - just 3 out of 10 - but the creamy sauce had a nice tang about it and the meat was succulent to the point of falling apart on my tongue. My accompanying Garlic Naan was equally delicious. The vegetarian missus was also impressed with her Nav Ratan Korma, her delight signifying that we would most certainly be back.As if to make that even easier, Shaan offer a dining card which is stamped on each visit. 6 meals and your seventh is free. Not a bad deal at all, likewise the generous 20% discount they give on all chicken dishes on Saturday evenings.If I have a tiny complaint it's that the service did leave a little bit to be desired. We waited a long time for our appetizers to arrive and had only just started tucking into them when the entrees were suddenly delivered, meaning not only could we not properly enjoy our poppadoms but also that our table was suddenly bereft of space! One of my wife's sides never materialised until she was well into her Korma and they additionally messed up our split checks. However, as the place was heaving with customers - both sat and waiting - I'll give them a bit of leeway and hope for better service next time around.Long story short; If you like Indian food, give this place a try. I'd be surprised if you come away displeased.
<review# 603,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2013,2/26/2013,21,165,,6,5>Great place with an awesome view right next door to Prima Vista.  There's a nice 2 level outdoor patio that will be great in warmer weather.  Very decent craft brews on tap(locals too), and a good bottle selection too.  Menu features hand tossed personally sized pizzas, innovative sandwiches and tapas sized appetizers of pretty decent variety.  Honestly, the prices are very reasonable too.  The history of the location is definitely a draw, as it is on the location of the former Price Hill Incline.  I assume that the high ceiling emulates the old incline house.  Cool lighting, polished concrete floors, it has a "hip/cool/neu" feel.  It was about 2/3 the size I thought it would/should be, so there was a decent wait for our party of 6.Overall impression: I liked most of it.  Food, beer, view, atmosphere, all thumbs up.  One weird thing I never thought I'd comment on was the bathroom.  Very bright and sterile (with a urinal hung by a Very short person).  With the hip/cool look of the place, the baño looked like a bathroom in a mall or office building.  Just being honest.Soooo, being the first reviewer, I say go!  I rarely go to that part of town, but this is a great spot for dinner and drinks with friends with a really great view.  I think it's only been open for a week or so, so any kinks will be worked out.  Great place to take out of town friends to show off a different view of the Cincinnati skyline!
<review# 604,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2012,2/25/2013,20,99,2,6,5>This yelp page is almost cult-like. All 5 stars, with one 4 star exception?Well, consider me officially part of the cult.There's an unfortunate stretch of Vine St between Fountain Square and OTR that I refer to as one of Downtown Cincinnati's dead zones (it has many.) There are restaurants here, but most of them are open from 11-2pm every day, leaving me with no sense of what they serve or what their quality is. Two places I enjoy sit in this stretch (Istanbul Cafe and Hello Honey), but I rarely make it to them because I just kind of forget they exist.Burnell's is further up that stretch, but still along it. And, honestly, just like Mayberry before, I always forget it exists. I walk by all the time, but always on my way to somewhere else. I finally went by with no destination in mind, however, and popped in.I'm ecstatic that I did so. The food was fantastic. We went with a soup, a shared plate and small plate, along with a side of grits. All were fantastic. The soup, a balsamic tomato, was tasty with quite a bite of balsamic. The shared plate was a chicken flatbread, with a small squash salad on the side. Delicious. Our main course was a slow cooked pork shoulder, which was wonderful. The highlight, though, was the grits - a cheddar polenta that evening. I feel almost bad saying that the side was the best part of the meal, typically that's a knock against a restaurant, but these grits were amazing. The entire meal was just very, very good.The chef came out towards the end (it was closing, and we were the last table) and had a brief conversation with us. He was clearly very enthusiastic about what he does, and it shows in the food. I'm running out of adjectives - it was a fantastic meal.Next time you're in OTR and stuck with a 2 hour wait for all the restaurants, walk down a block and head into Burnell's. I'd wager you add it to your regular rotation. It's that good.
<review# 605,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/10/2012,2/24/2013,62,192,1,5,3>After months of walking past Scotti's we finally made it! And I am so glad we did! What a great experience!Lots of American colleagues have warned me several times that "Italian food in the US is not really like Italian food in Italy". I always reassure them by saying that Italian food in Belgium is not like Italian food in Italy either. Each country just adapts Italian dishes and I'm fine with that (especially because in general it includes adding a lot more sauce and meat to the standard Italian dish!).However, the Italian places I've tried in Cincinnati haven't really taken my breath away. Often, it just tastes bland.So hurray for a "real Italian"! I've only been once, but I can highly recommend the spaghetti carbonara! It came with spicy sausage on top, which the dish didn't need at all in my opinion, so I just left them to the side and it was still plenty enough! My husband really liked the green lasagna.5 stars for the food, as well as the service - quick, but not too quick (you can actually enjoy the surroundings and not feel as if you need to leave in 20 minutes) and very friendly. So why was I tempted to give only 4 stars? Because it's pricy - although I loved the food, the main reason we kept walking by was that we thought the dinner prices were outrageous. For lunch though, it's really reasonable: only 20 dollars for both our dishes together! This is definitely our new favorite Italian lunch spot (next to Fusian for sushi, and Akash for Indian). So, just come here for lunch! -- and yay, that did allow me to turn this into a 5 star review :)While I liked the interior a lot (the candles! the walls! the old winebags hanging from the ceiling!), I was a bit intimidated to walk in for the first time. It's really a jump into the unknown... And I kind of expected some sort of mafia-looking people to walk in any moment (which does add to the real Italian feeling I guess :)) - I'm not suggesting to change ANYTHING as all of this is what makes Scotti's so unique. I guess the only way to make sure people aren't intimidated is to just keep talking and writing about Scotti's! So please do!
<review# 606,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2012,2/23/2013,340,494,,4,1>If you like sushi, or aren't sure if you like sushi, or are scared of sushi, this is the place for you. The staff is super awesome and super frienddly, and know their around their sushi forwards backwards and inside out. This is basically the chipotle of sushi. You go to the counter, pick your wrap, and then your protein. There's traditional sushi; tuna, salmon, eel, crab. And then theres your cooked "sushi"; steak chicken, shrimp. Then its on to the veggies. and finally sauces and toppings, such as peanuts or tempura crunch. One roll is plenty to fill you up, I'm normally trying to stuff the last 2 pieces in. It's delicious, and if ou don't like a combo, it's really kind of your own fault. now you know to try something different next time! I've never had a bad roll yet! It's quick easy and fresh. And don't be afraid if you're new, the staff seems to sense it and will help you through each and every step, without being annoyed. And the new space is great! For yourself or even for a group,
<review# 607,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2012,2/22/2013,64,340,2,4,2>A weekend visit to a friend's house in Terrace Park left us searching for somewhere to get some fresh sandwiches for carry out. Enter Miami Market to the rescue! It was a bit out-of-the-way, but there is very few options on Route 50 between Hyde Park and Terrace Park. Fortunately the sandwiches from the Miami Market more than made up for the extra drive time.From the outside the Miami Market just looks like a typical roadside carry out spot for snacks and drinks. But you will quickly notice the outside seating areas and even a sign indicating where to find their drive thru window.Once inside you will still find a small selection of snacks and drinks, but around the opposite corner is the real treat of this little shop. At this counter you can find a new hot plate special every day along with made to order sandwiches, including some grilled varieties. I also noticed some pasta salad, potato salad, cole slaw, etc. in the display case.Once I saw the cranberry walnut chicken salad in the case I knew that was what I was going to be eating. I had wanted to get it on a Servatti's pretzel bun but they were out, so I went with light rye instead. It was delicious! And as an added bonus it cost less than $5. They also have a plain chicken salad that our friend had and seemed to really enjoy. If it weren't so far from home, Miami Market would be one of my regular stops for lunch.
<review# 608,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2012,2/21/2013,21,7,,4,2>My boyfriend had his suit tailored here. The suit started out boxy - off the rack - not fitted well. Way too roomy around the waist and chest. He's a trim guy who looks great in more fitted clothing. He had the pants taken in by another alterations shop in Lexington and they really screwed up the fly - the zipper was always showing & it was awkward. Nobby's had him try on the jacket for about 30 seconds and said come back in a week. The jacket now looks custom made - it fits him like a dream. They also fixed the pant fly - you can't tell anything was ever wrong with them. I highly recommend this place, especially for men's clothing. The price was extremely reasonable - $58 to take in the jacket & fix the pants. Right next door to Knockback Nats!
<review# 609,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2012,2/20/2013,35,117,,4,2>CAM is the biggest, most complete Asian supermarket in the greater Cincinnati area. They've got a ton of stuff that even the great Jungle Jim's doesn't carry.It's primarily a Chinese market but I've found tons of  Japanese, Thai, Malaysian, Russian and other foods here. They have a pretty decent vegetable selection along with a big selection of meats. Best of all CAM is super cheap! I love coming here to get ducks and rabbits and other hard-to-find and oft expensive meats, along with spices, sauces, oils and vegetables that are hard to get elsewhere.They even sell some cookware - rice cookers, woks, skillets and pots, knives, plates, bowls, utensils, etc. - as well as cookbooks and magazines.The biggest downside to CAM is that they don't sell alcohol (other than to cook with.) It's really old so the floor isn't in pristine condition but that doesn't really bother me too much. I'd complain about the fish smell over by the fish counter but I hate fish and complain about it in every grocery store.
<review# 610,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2012,2/19/2013,8,43,,5,2>Never disappointed with House of Sun.  The quality of food is consistent.  They do have two separate menus.  If you want authentic, try order:Porks earSteam FishStir-fried (garlic and cooking michu only) asked for available fresh vegetable (i.e. pea  tips)Pork stir fried with bamboo shoot or bean curdLobster/Crab with either ginger/scallion sauce or salt/pepper seasoningDrink HOT TEA with your meal, not ice water/sodaFinish your meal with hot soup. Now that's the traditional way to eat a family style Chinese meal.p.s.  when you order stir fried vegetables, you can taste the Breath of Fire from the wok.---------------ON THE WEEKEND----------------------------Traditional Chinese breakfast items served and it is very inexpensiveTry:Hot soybean milk with sugar or salted (with green onion, pieces of fried dough and dry shrimp)Sticky rice ball with Porksun (dehydrated shredded pork, pickled vegetable)Onion pancake with eggDumplings Porkbelly with white steamed bun
<review# 611,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2012,2/18/2013,73,345,,3,2>I remember when Marty's moved in a few years ago.  Marty was absolutely instrumental in rehabbing  what has turned into a beautiful building in the heart of College Hill's business district.Marty's has been an excellent addition to the College Hill community and is the first place I'd go to if I was in need of a bottle of wine.  The staff is knowledgeable about their selection and can find something that fits the palette of any type of wino.  Personally, I love the sweet stuff, but when I recently visited with a friend we were looking to split a bottle, and she preferred a drier wine.  After telling Marty about our dilemma he immediately walked across the store and corked (free of charge, mind you) a bottle of Apothic Red.  This was the perfect fit for us, not too sweet, not too dry.  Marty also picked out a nice sweet wine for my grandmother.The rotating selection of draught beers is also a huge plus.  The taps change every few weeks or so, which makes Marty's kind of an extended beer tasting.Marty's also offers some appetizers in case you get hungry.  Crostinis are something you simply must try and they also have some good Tapenade and Bruschetta.The staff is jovial and active.  Kerry likes to concoct a new seasonal mixed drink every month or so, which leaves plenty of opportunity to name new drinks and to step away from wine or beer for a moment if you feel so inclined.  Bernice is great to joke around with and pretty much everyone here is bubbly all the time.If you're in the College Hill area, I definitely suggest a stop at Marty's.
<review# 612,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2013,2/17/2013,55,100,2,3,3>Piada was a great find! The easiest way to describe it would be Italian Chipotle.  The layout is almost identical.  But the food is fresh Italian at its best.  You choose your main dish, then go down the line deciding what toppings you want.  They feature two main dishes, the Piada, an Italian type of flatbread and the bowl.  You can add different meats, fresh veggies, pasta, fresh cheeses and sauces.  They have a great selection of toppings to choose from like grilled zucchini and mushrooms.  They also have soup and sides.  It is fast, fresh, and delicious.  It also is pretty easy to eat healthy, which is hard to find at casual, fast-food restaurants.  It was a nice break from  boring burgers and burritos.  They offer seating or to-go options.  I will definably be back, you can' beat great taste, reasonably priced, fresh italian.
<review# 613,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2013,2/16/2013,10,33,4,3,2>Pizza, I love pizza, and was thrilled to hear that there would be a non chain option coming to my hood. (Let's face it, no one knows why Larosa's are still around, their pizza making skills are terrible!)Location is awesome, packed between a strip club and a biker bar, this must be good! First impressions is that it is clean and nice, even though they use the front for semi storage, it does not really matter much. The decor could be better, but I always get my pizza to go, and it adds to the rustic feel. I ordered the mother klocker, just for the name actually. I had planned to order different slices, but that day it was just pepperoni and cheese that came by the slice, and let's face it. Life if just too short to eat plain pepperoni and cheese pizza!It took about 15-20 minutes which is how long a pizza should take!It was pretty straight forward, good fresh toppings with lots of flavour. I do not normally eat the crust, I know some people frown upon that. But my pizza, my rules! Pizza Bomba makes an awesome crust, think it is the first time in a years I have finished a whole pizza. Only issue is that they overcharged my credit card, I am guessing it is by mistake but never the less I feel it is fair to mention this!I will definitely be a repeat customer to try some other pizza's and see what else they have to offer.    PS, don't let the location scare you, the bikers are actually very nice, and so are the strippers(so I have heard)!
<review# 614,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/15/2012,2/15/2013,30,44,11,9,5>Where... am I?DO:-Lo meinDON'T:-Ding Dong ChickenPARKING:-Street parkingThis place is so unique. The food isn't amazing and the prices are really high for Chinese food. But the experience alone was worth it for me. I was originally going to give it 3 stars, but the grandpa's smile bumped it up to a 4. You'll know what I'm talking about if you see him. Check out the menu I uploaded before you go. Not a lot of choices and you can see the prices for yourself.How to order take-out at Yum Yum:Step 1: Knock on the door and give the owners a couple of seconds to open the door. If you don't immediately see someone inside, don't freak out. The old man is probably hiding behind the door for his safety.Step 2: Walk in and you will most likely be welcomed by the sweetest elderly couple in Cincinnati. They will ask if it's for take-out and you simply say yes. A menu will be provided.Step 3: Browse the menu and tell the grandma what you want. The menu is really old and unique, so stay focused on ordering for now and you can look at it later while you wait for your food.Step 4: While you wait, the grandpa will keep you company. I don't want to give away all of the fun details, so ask about his family, his origin, and how long he's been in Cincinnati. (Hint: Yum Yum is older than me!)Step 5: Be patient as you wait for the food. The grandma is working as fast as she can. Eventually she will return to you with the food in hand. She will then ask you to taste the food if it's okay. Don't be shy, give it a try and see if you like it. Too salty or too spicy? Let her know.Step 6: They only take cash, so pay them. Take your food and enjoy it.
<review# 615,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2012,2/14/2013,24,49,5,5,4>I need to find a new job.Combining the fact that I'm a college student constantly craving new bagel creations, being a manager at the McDonald's across the street from this place will be the death of me. Seriously.Reuben bagel?You had me at hello.Chocolate chip bagel with cinnamon cream cheese?I wish I was pregnant simply so I could could eat this everyday without guilt.Buffalo Chicken Bagel?Don't tell my doctor; she told me to stay away from spicy things because of acid reflux...but I eat these way more often than I should.And don't even THINK about me getting me started on cinnamon rolls!As a high schooler, I frequented Bruegger's bagels. Bagels are my love. I would move to New York City simply to eat bagels every morning. However, Everything Bagels makes me want to stay home and eat bacon, egg & provolone bagels every morning for the rest of my life.YUM.
<review# 616,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2011,2/13/2013,48,167,2,2,2>Oh YES YES YES!  I feel like Meg Ryan right now!  That pile of glistening, melt in your mouth, cooked to perfection swine was a dream come true!  I got that warm, fuzzy feeling right down to my baby toe!  There were so many choices of sauce, I didn't know where to begin.  The Mild BBQ was DELICIOUS and The Shhh, was the shhh!!  The baked beans were very good and the sweet & sour hot slaw...YUMmmmm!  Our waiter, Rodney, who is the creator of The Shhh, let us know they have live music on Friday's and Saturday's.  We'll  be back Rodney and thanks for the great service!Can't wait to dig into my leftovers and go back to Pit To Plate again, and again, and again...
<review# 617,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2012,2/12/2013,58,87,2,5,3>My biggest complaint when we moved to Cincinnati 3 years ago was that, despite being a gorgeous urban oasis, Eden Park lacked some family-friendly appeal. The old playground was outdated and probably unsafe, with boarded up slides, broken rails, and missing pieces. As less people brought their kids to play, it seemed like the area around Twin Lakes started to be a pocket for shady activity. Back then, we would mostly feed the ducks and jet.It's amazing what a single upgrade can do; the new playground has made a huge difference! Since its completion almost a year ago, Eden Park has become our go-to spot near downtown to have lunch, watch boats and barges, wander, and let the kids play. Better yet is that we're not the only ones, and with more families around, the park overall seems to be cleaner and safer. Sweet!
<review# 618,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2011,2/11/2013,87,44,3,4,4>There are many arguments to be made about the best thrift shopping in Cincinnati. I am not a connoisseur of thrift shops but I walk past 4th Street Boutique downtown almost every day. Every few weeks I pop in to browse. Like any consignment or thrift store, some days are disappointing and some days are like hitting the jackpot!4th Street Boutique is a thrift store that benefits Dress for Success, located in the same building. The store is open to the public and often has sales on top of the low listed prices. Signs throughout the store list the prices of items. Sweaters - $8, pants -$8, etc. But the shop receives a lot of designer pieces which are often priced higher. My latest excursion scored me a pair of Ann Taylor khakis and a Ralph Lauren cable knit sweater for $4.80 each, thanks to a 40% off sale.  I also found a black, cashmere Jones New York cardigan which rang up at $8.  In the past I've found cute, structured blazers, dress slacks, and a great vintage handbag all under $10 each. Some were less than $5!For people who really know how to make it work, there is a Bargain Basement stuffed with items for a rockin' $1 each! To me, most of these pieces look out-of-date, but on the right person, they could work.They are constantly receiving donations so the inventory changes often. Guilt-free shopping for a good cause! What's not to like?
<review# 619,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2012,2/10/2013,189,158,3,4,3>I am so stupid.I live just around the corner from this place, and pass it at least once a week. For over a year now, I've been saying each time I pass it "Oh! I keep forgetting to check that place out--I've got to do that!" I finally did, and man have I been missing out. I can't believe it took me this long to get there!High Street is what you want your home to be like. It's the design sense you wish you had, it's the finds you wish you had found, it's a bunch of "favorite things" that all work together instead of competing with each other. it's an oasis of inspiration!We went on a blustery winter day, and parked just outside on Reading. It's not much to look at from the outside, but as soon as we walked in there were beautiful things to look at, wonderful things to smell, and some lovely person asking us if we wanted a cup of tea.Lovely.We poked around for about 45 minutes, discovering. In addition to all the home decor, there was a small area of vintage clothing and accessories. I left there with a beautiful skirt that just happened to be my size, and a candle that smells like heaven.Do yourself a favor, folks. Don't be stupid like me. Stop driving past this place and go in--you'll be glad you did!
<review# 620,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2011,2/9/2013,33,203,2,2,2>I was awestruck upon walking into MiCA 12/v.  Many of their products are produced by local artists.  The staff has very good knowledge of the artists and the pieces.  I swear I looked at every piece in this store - twice!  So beautiful.  So unique.  I wanted to buy so many things, but I suppose I will give the pleasure of MiCA 12/v to friends and family as gifts.  I love that they are able to display some larger pieces from local artists, not just palm size objects.  Here you will find everything from furniture to tiny earrings.  There is something for everyone in every price range.  Thank you MiCA 12/v for supporting local artists.  In turn we will support you.
<review# 621,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/4/2011,2/8/2013,80,51,,2,2>Serenity in the city?It's hard to come by sometimes, what with all the car honking, jackhammering and loud stereos (man, I sound like an old lady). Living in the downtown area means that it's hard to find green space. We have a few nice swaths along the river, and Washington Park will be great when it opens.But what about a nice, wooded area with blooming flowers and plenty of spaces to sit and think a while?That's exactly what the Civic Garden Center offers. On Reading Road, it's easy to drive to, or you can take any 43 bus from downtown and get off right across the street.I can walk there from my office, so sometimes I like to walk there with my lunch and take a moment to chill out. It's quite peaceful, and there are nice landscape sculptures and benches to enjoy.
<review# 622,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2012,2/7/2013,107,200,,5,2>Great, new addition for the west side of Cincinnati! I had only had Ethiopian food one time prior to my visit, and this was in the Little Ethiopia neighborhood of Los Angeles. My experience at Habesha was better!My friend had been driving by Habesha for awhile and suggested that we visit. We went on a weeknight with a group of four. We ordered the vegetarian platter and the awaze tibs of chicken and beef. It all came out on a big silver platter and we were given a lot a injera (injera is the sourdoughy, cream of wheaty bread used as a food delivery device, in place of utensils, though they do give them to you, luckily!).The food was very good. A lot of different things came with the vegetarian platter, including home made cheese and pickled vegetables. It was definitely an adventure in eating, but there was nothing I wouldn't eat again. The service was also great, and the family was very nice.I highly recommend this restaurant. Historically, ethnic restaurants have taken a little bit of time to get off the ground on the West Side, but once they get a following, they get a lot of repeat customers. I very much hope this becomes a reality for Habesha and I will be back for sure.
<review# 623,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2011,2/6/2013,52,61,,2,3>Abby Girl Sweets is a dangerous place for me since I work downtown. Around 2 or 3pm I'm sitting at my desk thinking, "Man, a cupcake would be awesome right now!" I think last Friday the sunny day got to me and I succumbed to my temptation.The flavor of the week was Chocolate n Cherry - one of my favorite combinations! It was a deliciously moist chocolate cupcake, topped with chocolate ganache, cherry cream cheese frosting, and a cherry. Let me tell you, it was PURE BLISS. The best part about a cupcake is the icing and they definitely do not skimp on the icing.Some of my other favorite flavors are the cupcake decorated like a hostess cake, and the Peanut Butter Chocolate Cup. Yeah, I always go with chocolate as my base... why wouldn't you!?At first glance the $2.75 price tag seems kind of expensive for cupcakes but when you compare it to other desserts at restaurants, and consider just how awesome it is, you won't mind dropping the cash.My only slight complaint is that it would be nice if they had coffee to go with them, but I will survive.You know you want one now!
<review# 624,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2012,2/5/2013,16,19,3,3,3>If you like Pad Thai, this is your place. This is the best Pad Thai in the city, hands down. When you're the best, you don't need frills and this is no-frills dining at its best. Served with fresh cucumber and sprouts, the Pad Thai is the star at Thai Express. I often think about trying something else, but the Pad Thai here has an oddly magnetic-like pull. At work, we say "we're getting Pad Thai, you in?" No need to say from where or ask what the person wants. The only question is "what spice level do you want yours?" I'm the "8", my cubicle-mate is the "5."  We always get the dinner portions because we learned the hard way that the Pad Thai is so good, you get disappointed when you get the lunch portion and it's all gone. Best way to order is to call it in, as you're leaving for their location; it's ready in 10 minutes. We usually go in pairs, as parking is an issue, so one person runs in to pick up and pay while the other person waits in front of the door and sometimes has to circle the block when a Metro bus comes and boots them out of their designated stop area. The ladies at Thai Express are part of the charm and their hospitality is as warm as that spice level 8 makes you.  There is a small seating area, but take-out is the way to go, so you can relax and enjoy the goodness. The only draw-back, other than the parking situation is that they don't take credit cards, but it's well worth the trip to the ATM on the way to experience this Pad Thai.
<review# 625,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/2/2012,2/4/2013,34,178,1,3,3>I love this place. It's been around since 1977! That has to make it the oldest locally owned restaurant in the city. Okay, I'm sure that is NOT true. I never claimed to be a historian!I ate at Myra's back the day... that means during college. I graduated high school in 1980, so that gives you an idea long I've been connected to Myra's. But while my relationship with Myra's started many years ago, many more years passed without a visit to this wonderful establishment.Suddenly, I find myself office relocated to 237 William Howard Taft and I quickly realize Myra's is within walking distance! I've been twice in the past three weeks! The cool part is I get to introduce folks who've never been to the incredible food at Myra's Dinoysus.The menu is extensive! The soup(S) of the day are incredible. It doesn't matter which eight they are featuring on any given day... your taste buds will be satisfied. During recent visits I had the Thai Pumpkin. While enjoying I found my head sweating. My head sweats when I eat spicy food, but this soup, while delicious, was not spicy to the taste... but it got my metabolism going! It was a wonderful treat. My next visit I tried the mushroom soup. It was perfection. Creamy and absolutely loaded with chopped and shredded mushrooms. It was all I needed for lunch. I left completely satisfied.The most difficult thing about Myra's is deciding what to eat. There are SO many wonderful and delicious options. I think the solution is to pick something and plan to come back soon... and often!
<review# 626,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2012,2/3/2013,2,11,,1,1>If I could give this restaurant 10 stars, I would. I had the Saag Paneer and the Vegetarian Appetizer Sampler, which consisted of 5 or so veggie apps. I also sampled a few different styles of naan. Each dish was more delicious than the last! I was there for dinner and even though they were busy the service was great! Everyone had a smile on their face and was more than willing to help. The whole vibe was very welcoming. Not only did they have great service and food, but it's BYOB with no additional fee for bringing your own alcohol. I brought a bottle of wine to share, which made the evening even better.After a successful dinner here, I went back for their lunch buffet. This is quite a steal for all of the food you're offered. The food was good too!If you love Indian food, you should give Dusmesh a try!
<review# 627,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/23/2012,2/2/2013,64,204,,4,2>Ok, let's highlight the things that you notice up front: Pink. Building. Oh man, I just love that it's so bright and out there! You walk into the place and it's such a cozy diner atmosphere. It's perfect for brunch and lunch because you get exactly what you expect if not something even more delicious. I had the Philly chicken omelet and it was ginormous. I ate maybe half of it while I was there and saved the other half for my next meal. Yum! On top of that, (I think it was the owner), he had this giant tub of rubber duckies out and was giving some away. My eyes immediately lit up and he asked if I wanted one. OF COURSE I DO!!! Mummy duckie was mine! Check out Sugar n' Spice. It's eclectic, fun, and delicious! You might even get a rubber duckie! (It squirts out water too - added bonus!)
<review# 628,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/9/2012,2/1/2013,278,854,3,6,2>Mad Mike's makes me happy. I don't know why Mike is Mad, maybe he should eat a burger and be happy. Maybe the "mad" is a crazy kind of mad, either way, Mike; eat a burger and chill out. Ok. So this place is located near Newport on the Levee and while in somewhat direct competition with 5 Guys, MM's is a nice alternative with amenities that are not offered at 5 Guys.  The menu features a diverse array of burgers with toppings that are found at those well-known semi-gourmet burger restaurants but at a price that can't be beat, often around 7 bucks! What!?! I had the Rockefeller and it had just enough blue cheese that my taste buds were doing back handsprings and wanting more. The 100% black angus beef burger was juicy and perfectly cooked. I can't wait to try out the other creations.I forgot to ask if they can substitute a black bean or veggie burger for the beef. Diego explained the burgers and cooked it as well. Nice guy.Every CC accepted except Amex.
<review# 629,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2012,1/31/2013,156,239,2,3,2>A Covington institution for sure. If you've lived here for any amount of time you'v heard of the Anchor. If you've been drunk in the tri-state area, you've heard of the Anchor. If you've been up past your bed time, you've thought about the Anchor. It's a greasy spoon in the best sense. Each time I've been the staff has been nothing but welcoming and nice in spite of my blood alcohol content. The food is really tasty and affordable. My favorite thing is the goetta omelette. Yes!They have standard breakfast, lunch and dinner fare as one would expect from a diner. The people watching is prime as well.
<review# 630,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/28/2012,1/29/2013,211,416,2,5,4>I couldn't wait for Metropole, so I went as soon as I could once it opened. I must say, it completely met all my expectations even in its first week of operations.The food was totally delicious and there were some very unexpected items on the menu (hearth baked oyster, yes please!). In fact, I wouldn't recommend poring over the online menu as it's more of an example of what they offer. The wait staff (sorry, wait staff) is sort of like the hipster creme de la creme of Cincinnati. They were all very nice, talkative, informative, etc, but ya know, hipsters.And the building! The floor! The entryway! The art! The Cracking Art Group's Yellow Penguins! Made just for us! I die. Absoutely fanastic job to the designers, architects, blah blah blah whoever was involved. Nice work.There was a list of craft cocktails, but I did get any. There was a well-curated wine list, but I didn't get any of that either. Instead I took my server's beer pairing recommendation (there's local options on tap!) and thoroughly enjoyed my beverage.I can't wait to go back and try more of the vegetable dishes (definitely my favorite food items we tried) or perhaps get some charcuterie at the bar. Excellent addition to downtown Cincinnati.
<review# 631,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2013,1/28/2013,7,25,,3,2>This is a great gym, with ample machines. Even on a busy night its not hard to find an empty machines. It does get loud with the indoor Soccer arena, and basketball courts, but it is very child friendly, and even provides a kids fitness class. There are two pools, one of which are used aqua-aerobics, but those classes are generally held during the day to keep the pools free at night. The other pool is a lap pool and, in my experience, is rarely unavailable. They provide a concession area, and machines for things like Gatorade placed throughout. They have a wide array of classes, if that's your things, and trainers available for a more structured workout plan. All in all a great place that me an my wife couldn't be happier with.
<review# 632,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2012,1/27/2013,112,240,,10,5>GET the Grilled Pork Bahn Mi for $4. The french bread is heavenly, and they are not modest about toasting the bread in fear that it might be too crunchy-- it was perfect.The pho was also the best I've had in Cincinnati so far. It had a lighter flavored soup, we assumed because it wasn't cooked long enough (or to douse the usual saltiness of pho), but I'm okay with that. Not skimpy on the meat, and the large size is, indeed, large.The owner is so sweet and kind. She gave us free cookies, along with a shy "happy new year" and a smile.Sad that their hours are so limited due to its location, but she hopes to extend hours on weekends come spring '13 (but don't hold your breath). Pho Lang Thang is popular because it's in the right location, but if only people knew about Le's. If only...
<review# 633,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2013,1/26/2013,311,349,1,6,2>This review really is only about a single hair stylist here... BROOKLYNThe girl... is amazing. She is fun, easy to talk to, creative, and ALWAYS gives a stellar hair cut. I have donated my hair (now 3 times) and after the second time Brooklyn helped me grow it out so it didn't look like crap during the grow out process - every hair cut looked better than the last! I went in today to donate again and... once again... she made me feel great and look glamorous. I had one haircut by Josh a few years ago when she wasn't available and he is great too! Even though it's a 45 minute drive for me... it is SO worth it.When I was living in Chicago I had the hardest time finding someone that could even come close to comparing to Brooklyn that I would make sure I got my hair cut by her when I would come to Cinci for visits for the first year I lived there.I can't say enough good things :-)
<review# 634,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2012,1/25/2013,74,158,2,2,2>If you're looking for deli meat and cheese Silver Glades is your place! There has never been a cheese that I needed that I couldn't find there. And their sandwiches are to die for. Their chicken salad sandwich is my favorite, but I always have a hard time deciding whether I want smoked or grape-walnut chicken salad on the sandwich. Fortunately I quickly learned there was no reason for strife: Silver Glades will make the sandwich with both (half on one side half on the other)! My other Silver Glades staple is the smoked blue cheese (called Moody Blue). It's unlike any other cheese I've ever had and is absolutely delicious! Just remember to take a number when you enter the door and be ready to wait on the weekend. Also they don't accept credit card to be sure to stop by the ATM beforehand!
<review# 635,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2012,1/24/2013,115,118,,10,1>We have been eagerly waiting for Chuy's to open in Florence.  We were lucky enough to get an invite to one of their many sneak preview events and really liked their chips, salsa, guacamole and LOVED the creamy jalapeno dip. We didn't go the first day it opened, but we did go there for lunch twice within the first five days it was open.  The decor is wonderfully funky and you really need to explore all of the areas to see everything.  Tom got tacos al carbon and I had the fish baja tacos.  Just great!  Oh, and we ate way too many chips.The second time, we had fajitas for two (steak and chicken).  They were some of the best we've ever had.  As Tom put it, "these are as good as the Alamo Cafe in San Antonio."  We picked up both the To-go menu and the Party menu on the way out so we'll be taking advantage of those options very soon.Viva Chuy's!
<review# 636,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/20/2012,1/22/2013,8,54,3,4,3>If you're looking for a different kind of sandwich for lunch, then come check out DiBella's.  The bread is fresh and the meats are bountiful.  When you get a large sub, congratulations, you now have lunch and dinner.  If you bring a friend to DiBella's, congratulations, you just made a new best friend.The DiBella's experience begins right when you order your sandwich.  No longer are you subjected to mindless assembly line sandwich artists, you get your sandwich made by one person.  You can introduce yourself to your sandwich maker and make a new friend so you know he is going to make it with love.  Go on and throw all the toppings on your sandwich, your new friend is going to make a great sandwich for you.  You can also get your sandwich grilled if that's your thing, but you'll go through mild withdraw as you have to leave your friend to finish your sandwich as you go down the line to pay.  As you get the double whammy of having to pay and having no sandwich in hand, FEAR NOT, for the sandwich is on its way.Once you get your sandwich that is going to sustain you for the rest of the day, notice the freshness of the bread and the amount of meat and toppings on your sandwich.  Try not to drool over everything, it may make the bread soggy.  As you chow down your delicious sandwich made with love, remember to save the second half of your large for dinner.  I know its tough, but it has to be done.OK, seriously, the bread is fresh and they have about 5 breads to choose from.  The large is really big, so be prepared.  They do add more stuff in their sandwich than subway and penn station, so the price does make sense.  The last two times I've gone, they have had trouble with the grill, so the wait on the grilled sandwiches have been a little longer than needed.  If you're looking for healthy, stay at subway.  If you want something good where they don't skimp on your sandwich, check out DiBella's.
<review# 637,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2013,1/21/2013,33,50,2,4,3>Man I've been coming to this place for years, therefore it amazed me to realize that I had yet to write a review! The restaurant has changed ownership over the years, and their specialty in my opinion has switched from pad thai to curry.First of all, do not be scared away by the outside appearance. The building says "China Town" and it looks like the sort of place that would have back room gambling going on in a Scorsese film. The inside is simple and clean, and the staff is always friendly and greets you at the door. I dine-in a lot, but have called in an order to pick up quite a few times as well.If you're so stoked for Thai food that you just can't wait until the main course comes, two words: Crab Rangoon. They're nice and.. Crabby. And good. You won't regret it.I don't really mess with the pad thai anymore since I know the curry will NOT disappoint. The red curry tends to be the most naturally spicy, anything above a 7 will have ya sweatin. The yellow curry is my current favorite. It has pineapple and a bit more coconut milk in it so it's nice and creamy. There are a few others to choose from and I've tried them all, but those two are my jams. You can get any of them with a variety of meats, or just veggie. I'm a man that likes his chicken and shrimp, but I tend to go with the classic vegetable. Guess I'm a sucker for some baby corn and bamboo shoots. Something worth mentioning is that this place stays true to it's spice levels! If you want something with a real kick, they will deliver! You can choose between 1-10.I've heard rumors that they're looking to move into a bigger space with a bar and such, so there could be some cool things in store for them in the future. Definitely a case of don't judge a book by it's cover. Check em' out once and you're sure to be back.
<review# 638,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2012,1/19/2013,191,314,,5,2>FINALLY.a sports bar downtown that is worth a darn.locally owned - great area for kids - awesome food - and lotsa tvs.the decor is terrific - ALL cincy teams.the wings/sauce/homemade blue chz are really, really good.  i have not been able to find good wings downtown for 15 years.  or a sports bar that didn't stink (did i mention that?).PLEASE visit this spot and help them STAY there.  it is located on that doomed block of 7th across from hustler - you know the one - black finn, madonna's, play (gotta get that outta there), etc.SUPPORT LOCAL'S.  IT IS AWESOME.
<review# 639,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2012,1/18/2013,210,324,2,4,2>Excellent addition to the street food scene here in Cincinnati, chase these guys down if you see them and try flavors that this city hasn't seen yet.  Sweet and Spicy Chicken and Steak on tortillas (wish they were corn) The kimchi adds excellent texture and complements the excellent marinade of the meat.  6 bucks for 2 tacos, it's a great lunch or late night grub, as it's easy to want to overdo it with this delicious offering.  Great job Red Sesame, and good luck!
<review# 640,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/27/2012,1/17/2013,74,101,3,4,2>Breakfast Club:O greasy spoon God of awesomeness... you have blessed Proud Rooster!  This place is not fancy but damn do they make a good breakfast. Location is great in the gaslight district of Clifton and I was surprised to see a fair amount of seating, which little diners arent usually known for. Saturday had breakfast specials before 10am and were still available after 10am for a buck more. Fairly traditional in the breakfast variety but the food was delicious with fair portions and a cheap price. If you are rolling out of bed from a night of partying...i mean studying, I would recommend the Proud Rooster. Maybe I will stop back for dinner!
<review# 641,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2011,1/16/2013,44,12,,5,2>If you're looking for a doggie daycare type situation, with people who love your dog like they're own, Puppy Camp is it! The staff at Puppy Camp is kind, understanding and attentive. When they first told me they can have upwards of 70 dogs per day, I was a little nervous. But, they knew me and my dog after just the first day, and seeing the personal attention they give him every time we show up makes me know how much they care.The co-owner is a vet tech, and has given me advice about administering medication to my pup, as well as alerted me when there might be problems.The facility itself is perfect for dogs of all sizes - as long as they play well with others. There is no separation for large dogs or small dogs, but trust me, this makes them all sleepier at the end of the day! My dog goes just once a week, in the middle of the week, which is a great break for both of us. He has gotten great socialization, and every time I pick him up, he's asleep in the car before we even leave the parking lot, and sleeps for most of the next day too! With the warm weather, I've discovered that he loves the baby pools that Puppy Camp has outside, and it's also really great that customers have access to a free wash station...my pup tends to be a bit dirty after a full day of play.Puppy Camp also offers grooming services for a reasonable rate. I cut my dog's fur on my own, but I can never manage to do his nails - it's so traumatic! Puppy Camp will do it for me, while he's there anyway, for just $5. Totally worth it for me!
<review# 642,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/1/2010,1/15/2013,107,86,6,4,4>My favorite kind of restaurant. Little hole in the wall with great food. Cincinnati is finally getting REAL taqueira-style Mexican food. I can get real tacos here.Service is good!The place seems like it's always full at lunchtime, and maybe it's me, but it also seems like it attracts a bunch of contractor and trade guys. Maybe they're just checking out the chicas that work there.Bar none, the authentico Mexican tacos, grilled chicken, heavy on the cilantro and onion on corn torts. Squirt some lime on top and pass the hot sauce.I'm also partial to the poblano stuffed pepper.Okay, the tamales are good too.But the biggest deal of all?THE PORTIONS ARE KING KONG BUNDY SIZED! (go ahead, find another WWF wrestling reference in a food review)Seriously, the burritos are like the size of a toddler.If you're looking for a solid mix of tasty food and value for the money, do the Taquiera Maya.
<review# 643,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/20/2012,1/14/2013,16,97,2,3,3>My friend from Kenya, is always talking about this restaurant. She tells me how the food here reminds her of back home. How the taste is authentic. How it is in a shady part of the town, in a strip mall.But sometimes to taste the original, you need to make a pilgrimage. And pilgrimages are tough, most of the time. (I know, we have a temple back in India where you have to trek through the forest one whole day to reach) Anyways, since my friend told me the ambiance is not much and you wont want to sit down and eat here, I decided for to-go. I called them  on a Saturday around 12. Now, the menu is a little complicated with some dishes available only one some days and some times. My manager had eaten here some days back and he was since then raving about this stuffed leg of lamb, but it was only available in the evening. So we decided to go for lamb with rice and fish with rice(Thiebou Djeun). We got to the restaurant around 1 and sure there is  a big crowd waiting for their order. Seems like to-go is what regular patrons also prefer. There was a lot of happy chatter among the guys and between patrons and the staff. The guy at the counter got our order, and described the dishes to us. Then he opened the containers to show and the smell hits me...My mouth was already watering.The fish and lamb, both had different kind of rices. Lamb had a brown rice, and Fish had a red rice. Next time, i would go for brown rice, which was super-delicious. The lamb was so soft and juicy, it was dripping of the bone.Fish fry reminded me of the fish fry from India in many ways. Our fish fry is also well-done. The spices, the flavor..We were not very hungry when we started, but we finished more than we thought we would eat. Very satisfying meal, will come again!
<review# 644,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/20/2012,1/13/2013,94,404,2,2,2>This APB for Cincinnati-area burger-lovers is short and sweet:  Get your arteriosclerotic keisters down to Three Meat Burger ASAP!!!Especially if you're on the East Side.  And especially especially if you're in Mount Lookout or Mount Washington.  Sonny, formerly of Sonny's Three Meat Burgers of Anderson Township's dreary Beechmont Road, has moved his operation to the virtually vacant Skytop Shopping Center.  If the former buger joint was very good, this one's even better than I remember that one being:  bigger and juicier and more flavorful.  I noticed Sonny smashing the burger on the griddle, a la Smashburger, to get that nice sear.  And the hand-cut fries are ace, too.  As Linsey notes, Sonny has branched out to include a more poultry-centric three-meat burger as well as a single-meat Angus burger.  I still recommend the original lamb/beef/chicken one.Decor-wise, this new location is brighter, more colorful, and more open.  But it's still pretty spartan.  I worry about the move to this Skytop location.  This almost-dead shopping center hemorrhaged commercial tenants during the recession and has only recently started to grow again.  It's a damn shame because it's very convenient to both Mt. Lookout and Mt. Washington, as well as Mariemont/Fairfax and Columbia-Tusculum.  Three Meat Burger is not very visible from Beechmont and doesn't seem to do much marketing or advertising to draw people's notice.  In fact, I don't even know how anybody but Sonny's previous fans would even know it's there.But it is well worth visiting!!
<review# 645,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2012,1/12/2013,45,172,2,4,2>My wife and I stopped in on her birthday to try out Kobe because she really likes sushi, and we were joined by one of her co-workers. Between the three of us, we ordered a vegetable roll, a crunchy tuna roll, an eel roll, and I had the Hibachi chicken lunch. My first reaction was that the prices seemed reasonable compared to other Japanese restaurants we have visited in the area. I usually don't find Hibachi for $7-8 for lunch.When our food arrived, we were all pleased with our orders. My wife and her co-worker were really impressed with their rolls, which they shared. I have had a reasonable amount of Hibachi, and I have to say, for a Hibachi lunch, the flavor was outstanding, as was the portion. I am curious to see what the dinner looks like, as the lunch was more than ample. I would give Kobe a chance. We really enjoyed it and plan to stop in or carry-out in the future.
<review# 646,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2012,1/11/2013,81,56,2,5,4>Amazing ice cream!  It's not your typical ice cream either.  It's all made from scratch with unique flavors which change every week or so.  The best part is the homemade marshmallow that is torched on top of your ice cream as well.  All our friends were blown away by how good it was.  We all sat in a state of bliss!  They also offer waffles that can be topped with ice cream or a waffle sandwich.  The staff is very friendly. The owner remembered us from the last time we were there and even remembered what we had ordered.  She was so excited for us to try the new flavors she had we couldn't keep up with all the samples.  They aren't always open for their posted hours.  I would suggest calling ahead to be sure they are open.
<review# 647,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2012,1/10/2013,19,61,2,2,2>This is a great theatre.  It usually has 3 movies playing, and at least 2 of those might be a less popular, more artistic/educational/all-around-awesome type movies, and then one will be a children's movie.  I went this weekend to see The Lorax with a friend and her 3 year old son.  It was a lot of fun.  We walked over to neighboring Grater's afterward and enjoyed a perfect dessert.  I could imagine that the movie theatre looked the same back in the 1950s.  A perk for me is that they sell fancy snacks at the concession stand.  No milk duds for me, thank you very much-- I'll be buying the Lindt chocolate.  Another nice thing it that it's connected to a restaurant The Quarter.  So if you're having a girls' night or a date, you can get food and drinks and then walk over to your movie.  I saw posters this weekend for a movie about Wallis and Kind Edward, called Wallis/Edward I think, and I think this theatre would be the perfect place to watch a potentially mushy, historical drama.
<review# 648,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2013,1/9/2013,181,524,2,5,2>Visiting Jill in her unassuming office in Fort Mitchell (housed with a chiropractic office) was a really great choice. Here's why:1) Great pricing2) Easy online booking3) No frills, this is all about the massage4) One of the best massages I've had in the Cincinnati area.Before she started my massage, Jill informed me that she could either chat with me throughout the massage if that was my preference, or she could be quiet and let me go to my "happy place." I have never been asked that question before, and I appreciated it so much, because I can tell you I always remember (unpleasantly) those massages where I barely could relax because the masseuse is super chatty. I don't mind a little small talk, but not much. More importantly, Jill also focused exactly on my problem areas rather than going through a rote routine like many masseuses do. I have a really specific problem area and Jill did a great job finding and really working out some terrible knots. I'm definitely coming back- so worth the trip.
<review# 649,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2012,1/8/2013,144,216,,8,3>Some times things are just meant to happen! Not too long ago I tweeted that I was looking for fitness or yoga deals and got a reply from Kenwood Hot Yoga to join them for their grand opening week of free classes. Having limited studio experience, I was a little gun-shy, but after telling two friends they were interested so we all went. Along with 90 other people, I was amazed so many people could practice at the same time and it not be terribly distracting. For me, there is something so relaxing about the heat. The space is clean, soothing and the staff is welcoming. I never feel like I'm a gym-goer who stumble into a yoga studio. They offer a schedule with plenty of times every day of the week. The instructors are encouraging and help as needed, but never in a way that makes you feel like a doofus (ahem some group fitness instructors should take note). Recently, they offered a Black Friday deal and since I had to work they offered to let me call and pay by phone for my class pass so I could take advantage of the discount. I'm a fan and have been sharing about my visits with others who haven't tried hot yoga because it's been great for me!  I hear they're expanding to a couple other neighborhoods, so I look forward to what that brings!
<review# 650,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2012,1/7/2013,1081,373,1,8,9>This place has excellent food all around...They have a sushi bar, traditional Japanese room for no shoes or chairs eating, a good bar and about 8 hibachi grills for grilling.Living in Seattle, California and Maine has really made a picky seafood eater out of me, but the sushi here is as fresh as it gets in Cincinnati.The hibachi grill is a fun way to enjoy a dinner with a group or family. The show is always fun and the food is excellent. I want to steal the ginger sauce recipe here! Soho Roll ~ Spicy tuna, avocado, fried white fish, spicy mayo, eel sauce, honey mayo topped with purple cabbage, scallions, masago and jalapeños ~ is my favorite! They have a great selection of wines to boot. I was floored to find a bottle of 1448 from Jeff Runquist on the menu.Overall this is a "can't miss" spot for a great meal and great fun.
<review# 651,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2011,1/6/2013,52,69,2,3,3>This is a great authentic barbershop. I have been getting my hair cut here for about 15 years. I usually get my hair cut by Ron Salzano (Owner and barber) but Brian and Eugene are great too. It definitely has the classic barbershop feel. It's a place where you can have a shave, a haircut, and an interesting conversation. The barbers are really friendly, and each has their own group of regulars.They take walk-ins if they aren't busy, but I recommend making an appointment either in the morning or a day in advance.  All of their services are very reasonably priced, especially taking into account the experience of the barbers.  I've never had a bad haircut here.
<review# 652,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2011,1/5/2013,74,75,,4,4>This is a decent Chinese place that I've come either for take-out or sitting in. As it's name says, it's noodles are "first rate". That's what it translates in Cantonese so I've only come here for it's noodles. As an added bonus of knowing the title is in Cantonese I also eliminated most of the menu and stuck to the food that was mainly Cantonese cuisine so I'll focus on that food for the review.The Cantonese food is not too bad. I'd say it's about 75% authentic, which is about as close to authentic as I'd say you can get in an area not filled with Asians. The Cantonese pan-fried noodles are decent and I'd suggest you get that in-house as it generally tastes better than if you tried it as take-out and ruined your experience. The dried beef chow fun (this might not be the exact name but it is the English translation of what it is supposed to be) is what I generally compare my Cantonese noodles to since it really is the easiest dish to make and also the easiest to really suck at. This item is also what I'd suggest getting here since its basic and is pretty standard and that's how I like it.Like I've said, I haven't really strayed from the Cantonese items much but as I'm not really going to a Chinese restaurant to order the non-Chinese items it's not a bad idea to just focus on the items that I know will be good.
<review# 653,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2012,1/4/2013,11,47,,2,2>I'm pretty sure if Arthur's wasn't here, Hyde Park might break away and float into the stratosphere and be lost in the ether of yuppiness forever. Hands down my favorite restaurant in Cincinnati.  It's got everything I like and nothing I don't.  The food is great, better than typical bar fare without crossing over to the dark side into the ridiculous category of "gastropub."  The burgers, their specialty, are top-notch.  There are a number of gussied up options, as well as just the standard burger with cheese.  I've tried a bunch of them and have never been disappointed.  The Black and Bleu burger is my favorite.  And, unlike a lot of places (I'm looking at you, Zip's) at Arthur's they cook 'em to order, so if you like, you can have your Black and Bleu burger red, too.It's not just about the burgers, though.  They've got great wings, potato skins, pizzas, and even the ahi tuna tacos (which might seem out of place) are good for a lighter dinner.  I've also got a weakness for Ruebens, and Arthur's pulls theirs off with all the tangy sloppiness that such a delicious culinary abomination requires.The service is always attentive without being hovering or snooty.  The bar, while it doesn't have the bazillion beers on tap that Cock and Bull does, is well-stocked, and the bartenders know their business.Arthur's is the kind of place that knows what it is, and it knows what it's not.  It's the perfect neighborhood spot to relax, eat a great meal, and have a few drinks without having to worry if the guy next to you is secretly judging you on the sophistication of your beverage choice. Some people want to go to heaven when they die, or have their ashes cast into the wind.  When I die, I want my picture painted on the mural at Arthur's.
<review# 654,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2012,1/3/2013,21,107,,3,4>I popped in here on Saturday night and, though it was quite busy, was able to get a table quickly. The somalier was attentive, and the waitstaff friendly (though my waiter clearly knew little to nothing about wine). The wine list was pretty good and very reasonably priced. While they don't offer flights, they do have separately priced 3oz pours, so you can more or less make your own flight (which is my personal favorite thing to do in wine bars). My friend and I ordered the cheese plate and it was generous and good. I think I'll definitely be coming back again soon, especially during their happy hour on weeknights! Also, it was too chilly on Saturday to take advantage, but the bar is recessed from the street, fronted by an oblong courtyard that will be lovely in warmer weather. I highly recommend it!
<review# 655,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2012,1/2/2013,181,295,,3,5>Lucky you, Sidewinder Coffee, I've chosen you for my 100th review! You are deserving of all 5 stars! Your atmosphere is cozy and comfortable and the decorations are phenom. Your baristas are super friendly and my Mexican Hot Chocolate was extra hot (just like ordered) & delish! Generally I don't buy food from coffee shops, but I was starving and I ordered the cream cheese and cucumber sandwich. The entire time I was thinking "did I seriously just order that? I could make it at home for like, 25 cents" But then it came and I sunk my teeth into it and omg - maybe it was the fact that someone else made it for me, but it was worth every bit of the multiple dollars I spent!!Thanks for rocking, Sidewinder!Sincerely, A big fan
<review# 656,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2012,12/29/2012,21,30,,3,2>A unique Indian eatery full of sweets, snacks and street food. While this place used to a be very tiny it is now boasts a large dining area with nice decor. It is not "fast food," but you need to order at the front rather than at your table and grab your own plasticware and water.  To top it off there are always Indian music videos or cricket matches playing on the tv screens. It is pretty inexpensive, but you will inevitably find yourself ordering more than one thing.Even with its quirks, it is without a doubt one of the best places for Indian food in Cincinnati.I'd recommend a few items for your first visit:Chole Bhatura (a large fried bread with a chickpea curry)Special Chaat (my personal favorite)Besan & Boondi Ladoo (an Indian classic sweet made of chickpea flour)Kaju Katli (a diamond shaped sweet made of cashews)Main dishes are on par with other restaurants but the snacks and sweets are out of this world!
<review# 657,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2012,12/28/2012,125,1068,,4,4>For years, I've been wanting to visit this museum and finally got to go.The American Sign Museum in Cincinnati, Ohio, preserves, archives, and displays a collection of signs. The museum also displays the equipment utilized in the design and manufacture of signs.   Tod Swormstedt began working on the museum in 1999. It opened to the public in 2005.Over 200 signs and other objects are on display at the museum, and over 3,800 items are cataloged.  The collection ranges from the late nineteenth century to the 1970s. Highlights of the collection include samples of gold leaf lettering on glass, a Sputnik-like plastic orb from an Anaheim shopping center, a rotating neon windmill from a Denver donut shop, Las Vegas showcards, and a fiberglass Frisch's Big Boy statue with a slingshot in his pocket. One can also find signs from businesses such as Big Bear Stores, Howard Johnson's, and Earl Scheib.  Over the museum's entrance, visitors are greeted by a 20-foot-tall fiberglass genie from a Los Angeles carpet cleaning company.In 2008, the museum acquired a single-arch 1963 McDonald's sign from Huntsville, Alabama. The sign features McDonald's Speedee character, who was phased out in favor of Ronald McDonald in the 1960s.  In 2009, the museum added a neon sign from Johnny's Big Red Grill, once a popular restaurant among Cornell University students.  I was like a kid in a toy store.  And for photographers, this is your dream place.  I literally spent hours reading the history behind the signs and taking mass pictures of all the neon signs.  $15.00 is a great price which includes a tour if you come at the right time (you can choose not to join if you want to go at your own pace).Staff very knowlegeable and take pride in their signs/jobs.
<review# 658,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2010,12/27/2012,174,628,,3,4>Talk about odd and delightful. This place has a little something of everything, mostly the type of things you'd never realize you needed until you saw them. (the best kind)What better than something a local artist has poured their heart and soul into to light up your life, or for that special someone. It's fun just to walk around and get inspired, and if that works, they have most of the supplies you'll need to get going. I will say though, the effect is a bit like going to the grocery store when you are hungry, so be aware. :)
<review# 659,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2012,12/26/2012,129,127,,3,3>This is one of Oakley's hidden gems. Except for that it's not hidden. It's right out in the open on Madison Road, with a parking lot right behind.The decor is nice and modern, very sleek and clean. I came here for a baby shower which featured a 2-course European Tea.We got several different choices of tea for the group (the deal came with a pot for each person) and finger sandwiches, salad and dessert. There was a giant menu full of different kinds of tea, and I have to tell you- I was lost.The good news is, our server was an excellent tour guide.  I'd just arrived home from Asia the previous day, but I truly believe I learned more about tea at Essencha than I did in the entire two weeks I spent in Asia!I've got to go back and have some more of that Jasmine Pearls Tea.  It was like drinking Bali. Relaxing, fragrant and beautiful.  Ahhhh. Just talking about this place makes me more relaxed.
<review# 660,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2012,12/25/2012,49,23,,3,2>My girlfriend and I have been sampling some of the restaurants that made Cincinnati Magazine's list for best pizza places.  From A Tavalo to Betta's to Sorrento's, we've enjoyed some incredible pizza.  But I must say, Padrino's has emerged as our new favorite.  What sets Padrino's apart for me is that they seem to grill many of the individual toppings, giving each (like the artichoke hearts) added flavor.  Hence, they don't simply throw plain veggies on their pizza, but actually season and saute or grill them.  Their sausage is also homemade, and well spiced.The sauce is also very good. I haven't tried the Italian dishes or other entrees, so this review only reflects their pizza.  But the pasta dishes that passed by looked really good.On a final note, Fathead Davis was performing the night we were there.  He has an incredible, rich and distinct voice.  I purchased his CD on the spot.
<review# 661,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2012,12/24/2012,52,101,14,7,5>Dear Lord,Thank you for your many blessings in life. A special thanks, Lord, for the beautiful animals that you guided Noah to save on his Ark. Namely, the pig and the chicken. A further thanks for guiding that very special human being who discovered that smoking those said animals and smothering their meat in BBQ sauce was a revelation of biblical proportions! Hallelujah!I ask you to watch over those who have perfected the art of southern style smoked BBQ, in particular, the fine folks at Just Q'in in Newton, a beautiful Eden-like community east of downtown Cincinnati. These shepherds of the Lord are true miracle makers, creating some of the best BBQ and BBQ sauce in Cincinnati (along with Eli's). Their vinegar based cole slaw is beyond choice and their mac and cheese is an angelic creamy delight. In addition to offering sandwiches, ribs, and side dishes for the single hermit, they also offer catering for an entire flock.Also, while I have your attention, thanks so much for sending the Reds to the playoffs this year. I know it's your will to have them win or lose those upcoming games and I thank you either way.In your name I prayAmen
<review# 662,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2011,12/23/2012,130,38,2,5,3>i stumbled into silverton donut one day on the way to work. I wanted to pick up some breakfast goodies for my co-workers and, seeing their big blue sign, i pulled off the road and checked it out. The Building itself is nothing fancy. a few pastry cases, a counter for coffee, a few small tables here and there. You dont come to silverton donut for the architecture though, you come for the donuts.They hit the nail on the head when it comes to donuts. their cake donuts are never dry, but instead are moist and chewy. they sell a donut called "the cluncker". I havnt quite figured it out yet but, i believe its cake batter that is formed into a chunk, fried, and then covered in a thin layer of glaze. The end result is a crispy outside and moist cake inside that is prefect every bite. They are also the size of a softball, so one is always enough. ;)You can get a dozen for 9 bucks and your out the door. Quick, friendly staff and a baker who obviously pours her love into every batch.
<review# 663,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2012,12/22/2012,20,99,2,4,1>We ended up here after realizing the Hyde Park Blast had virtually no food (seriously, what gives? Dewey's and City BBQ only?) I'm not much of a fan of most of the food in the Square so we gave this a shot.I'm happy we did. My Cantonese pan-fried noodles with beef was fantastic. The beef, especially, was super tender and had a delicious ginger flavor. The chicken in the Shanghai noodle dish my friend had was a bit dry (deep fried tenderloins) but flavorful, and the noodles themselves were delicious.Go for the noodles. Stay for the noodles. I'll be back - this was absolutely the best noodle joint I've been to in the area. It also may be the only noodle joint in the area. Man, it's days like this that I miss NYC or SF. I'm happy I found this place, though, because sometimes that noodle craving just won't quit, and this is a good place to scratch that itch.
<review# 664,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2012,12/21/2012,6,135,8,5,3>My first impression was "oh no, strip mall Chinese!" My second impression was, "OK, this is nicer on the inside than out."My third impression was "oh no, standard overlong same ole same ole cheap paper menu."My fourth impression was "No way, this is the best hot and sour soup I've had since Ken and Jenny (that's what they called themselves, their real names were unpronounceable to most of their customers) from Roselawn went back to Hong Kong 20 years ago!" My fifth impression was "this is by far the best orange flavored chicken I've had in the Cincinnati area."My sixth impression was John Madden, I do that for fun.Conclusion - a great deal on really, really, good food. I'm about to become a regular.
<review# 665,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2012,12/20/2012,340,494,2,4,2>Holy international find anything you need and more foodie paradise! Ok so its going to be hard to not compare it to the original store in Fairfield, but that's what most folks want to know. So, I'm going to combine the two and go in order as you walk in.First off, I like these bathrooms more. There is an awesome sushi place and a Caribou Coffee when you first walk in. The international section is a lot more spread out and hidden it seems. I missed a lot of the European section, in fact i didn't know there was one til I looked at the map. They're hot sauce section is in the back corner and just huge!! Supposedly this location is bigger, but it didn't seem like it and seemed very cramped. The "normal" foods are in the middle of the place. Not a quick easy and out for chips and pop and what not. As of opening weekend the seafood section wasn't ready to go. They don't have the fish tanks here though, and it doesn't seem as big. The produce section is smaller, but there's still plenty of weird, random and huge vegetables to choose from. And then the best part, at least in my opinion. The beer and wine section. There is also a separate entrance for this around the back of the store. And there seems way more parking and there are still checkout lanes there. They have a beer cave with kegs of craft beer. And even a tasting and growler filling station. Samples of wine and beer are 25¢. The wine cellar looks amazing, but not open yet, as well as the liquor store. There is also a tea and coffee taste area. They still have the homegoods/baking section and deli, and are building a cooking school here as well. And no worries they still have a giant cheese.And then there is the huge candy castle area! Omg... soooo... much... sugar! This is truly a mecca to all sweets and is one of the biggest sections in there. Just walking through it i bypassed all the pet stuff along the outer wall. It was glorious. The pharmacy and households section is after that right before the registers. So it has its pluses and minuses against the original store. The major flaw here? Getting out of the parking lot to get back to the highway. I cant even give help here as i couldn't find a way... its going to do great even if it doesn't have as many decorations or rather crazy things that sing and talk, but still awesome!
<review# 666,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/23/2011,12/19/2012,94,65,3,5,2>Have I ever mentioned I am a wild fan of Busken Bakery?  It really does not get any better than their headquarters in Hyde Park.  Open 24-hours, you can get a donut fix whenever the mood strikes, which is exactly what I do around 4:00am from time-to-time (no, of course I don't know their baking/frying schedule!  Ok maybe I do).Everything is good here.  It's as fresh as it gets since everything Busken makes happens behind the doors you see in this store!  If you don't see something on their shelves, ask and they may have it freshly made in the back for you.  You can also grab a hot or cold drink, which is a nice bonus to your tasty treats.Hands down best donuts in Cincinnati and beyond.  Also, if you ever get the chance to go on a tour of the bakery, go!  I've been twice and it's my version of Charlie and the Chocolate Factory.
<review# 667,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/18/2012,12/18/2012,204,335,1,15,2>Customer service was outstanding. Their beer choices could have been better; food was very good. They were dead on a Saturday night and this might be more to do with location than anything else. It's a restaurant featured on a food program about rescuing restaurants and it appears they have kept up with the changes. Nice place to eat.
<review# 668,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2012,12/17/2012,9,30,,4,2>This is the "new" Jerusalem Cafe that used to be at the corner of McMillan and Clifton. Same owner and menu, new location and name. They make everything fresh. The appetizers are typical middle eastern appetizers, but all are done well, so no complaints there. The pita is better than most pita you can find in the store.They offer specials each day which give you a nice break from the usual menu, if desired. Although...the specials are pricey, usually at least $12, which is a lot for the area the restaurant is situated in. I usually go for any of the appetizers (labna, foul, hummus, baba ghanouj) and a gyro or falafel. The falafel is delicious. The gyro is also great and has the option for a spicy sauce that adds a nice kick of heat and flavor. And the prices are great. The salads are also well done.Another great perk...buffet! I don't like most buffets since it is usually oily indian food. But the buffet here is definitely worth checking out. Fresh food, along with some items NOT on the regular menu.The owner and staff are aso very friendly, even if a couple of the servers seem like they are new to the type of job (nothing wrong with people gaining experience!)
<review# 669,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2012,12/16/2012,177,120,1,5,4>I was sad to see Skinny Legs go, as it was always a great place catch a game, have a few beers, and just be comfortable in my neighborhood.  After two visits to The Elusive Cow I feel it's a welcomed addition to the strip.  The menu obviously is one that has a lot of thought put into it.  The quality of the ingredients and the flare for originality has me impressed.  Since my initial visit I have seen or tasted the bison burger, portobello burger, the flat bread pizza, and the wings.  My fave so far have been the wings as they are quite meaty, and the spice factor is certainly pleasing.  They aren't covered in red hot sauce, but rather spiced with rub.  I'm putting them up for possible best wings in the city.   Pricing for these items seems to be right in line too.  With a beer selection that would make any guy happy and a spirit collection centering around some great bourbons, the bar is a fine place to sit and watch a game in a great atmosphere and truly enjoy the company that you are with and meet some new friends as well. Top everything off with great and friendly service, the Cow is a new favorite. Welcome to the neighborhood!
<review# 670,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2012,12/15/2012,39,12,7,6,5>My love affair with pizza and everything that goes with its crusty territory recently brought me to A Tavola with friends.  I had been by this establishment many an evening and never had the opportunity to try their offerings due to the large influx of patrons that were occupying every seat in the restaurant.  Luckily on this evening at the zero hour for restaurants (7:00PM Saturday) we were able to have a party of five seated rather quickly.  What ensued was an evening of face time with some of the most delicious pizza this side of the Atlantic (or Appalachians if you count NYC, or Indy if you count Chicago).  Anyways, I ordered a pizza with house made bacon, goat cheese, and Fontina, stuffed dates (sausage, wrapped in bacon and topped with marinara) and a mixology inspired drank from the bar.  The pizza at A Tavola is cooked in a wood-fired oven imported from Italy which cooks a pizza faster than a Tony's pizza in the microwave with much better results.  The food was delicious and the service was very speedy and attentive even with the restaurant being crowded.  A Tavola also offers up very good house wines that your very knowledgeable waiter can help you decide upon.  Overall A Tavola is a great restaurant with delicious food and good spirits.  It can be crowded and it is a bit pricier than your average pizza, but in my opinion it is completely worth rubbing elbows with friends during dinner if it means I can have pizza this good!
<review# 671,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2012,12/14/2012,120,162,4,2,2>MOTRing! What's your price for beers?  Great times can be found here.  If you go, you'll be alright tonight (wicked guitar solo).If you can name the half-assed music reference above you will win, well nothing.So the review.  MOTR is awesome.  Over the past year I have found myself drifting more and more to MOTR and for good cause.1) CHEAP!!!!!  There is no cover at the door to enjoy the awesome music that is played there nightly.  Also they have a fine selection of draft beers that are reasonably priced, but they also have some great canned stand bys.  They have Old Style.  Yeah I know its a Cubs beer, but for 2.50 its danged good.  They also have a 1.50 Burger cans, which nothing screams louder than "Hey I'm really cheap!" or "Hey I don't care because I am too drunk, too cheap, my taste buds are gone because I licked too many envelopes as a child, or all three."2) Live Music.  These guys know their stuff and are able to lock down national acts on a frequent basis.  I don't know anything about music, nada, but I do know that whenever I come in I am hardly disappointed3) Great Service.  Anybody willing to put up with this guy asking for your cheapest beer gets a star4) Really cool venue.  There are several rooms to explore, both up and down, and there is even a patio.  The only downside is that it can get rather loud, but there is a patio or a downstairs so that your ears and voice can find a reprieve.  Also the walls are covered with a lot of cool band posters and really weird art.  If you are from the area you will walk down memory lane and see some reminiscence of Coryville's grander days as a rock hotspot.5) BRUNCH!  Had a chance to experience brunch a couple of weeks ago.  Fantastic.  Highly recommend the Tucker's Casarole, imagine all of the great things about breakfast in a giant brick of eggs, cheese, and veggies, also enjoy an adult beverage as well.  Coffee costs a 1.50 and is self served and bottomless after that.With all of these things I have found myself more often at MOTR than in other bars in OTR.  It has all of the great things listed above and you will never ever hear a Nightranger song there.  But in honor of Nightranger, MOTR proves to us that you can still rock in America.  So rock on MOTR, rock on.
<review# 672,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2012,12/13/2012,24,162,2,4,2>My mother has foot problems and has been on the hunt for high quality walking shoes for quite some time now.  Someone suggested Running Spot to her and I accompanied her on the trip.I love that they know what they're doing here.  We were with our saleslady Shauna for nearly an hour, but instead of being annoyed like most salespeople would be, she was genuinely interested in making sure my mother found a pair of shoes that fit perfectly and made her comfortable.  The salespeople here are incredibly knowledgeable about different shoe types and the general needs of feet.  I am thoroughly impressed.Finding parking can be a pain in the neck, but the customer service alone is worth the hassle.  I noticed also that there is not a very wide selection to choose from, but they're more about performance here than style.You should prepare yourself to spend, because the shoes are not cheap, BUT you will walk (or run) out with shoes that fit you perfectly and on the off chance you're not 100% satisfied, they do have a no hassle return policy.  Shauna explained it by saying that they'd rather you return the shoes and try to find something that works than be stuck with shoes that don't fit or make you unhappy.Now that's a deal!  I'll definitely be back.
<review# 673,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2012,12/12/2012,79,1047,,6,2>Way out on Cincinnati's east side, a brewery is tucked away in an unsuspecting farmhouse off of State Route 32. Beginning in 2005, Mt. Carmel Brewery set up shop in the basement using re-purposed kettles and copper piping to create their one of a kind beer. Today, while operating with fancier equipment, the establishment brews 4,500 barrels of beer a year.Recently, the brewery opened its tap room where visitors can stop by, enjoy a pint or bottle of any of the Mt. Carmel Ales, and take a tour of the facility. The tap room has a clean, country feel with hardwood floors, a quaint bar, and oak tables. In the back of the property is a lush green space, pond, and patio seating, perfect for Mt. Carmel's favorite pastime: porch sittin'.Be sure to chat with Patrick at the bar. He'll pour you a pint or a tasting fleet and tell you all about the different flavors and processes that go into making their ales. Blonde Ale, Amber Ale, and Imperial Coffee Stout are always on tap, as well as a fourth seasonal beer. You can also get growlers filled with your favorite Mt. Carmel brew or pick up a mixed six pack. There is also plenty of Mt. Carmel swag if you like to represent your local brewery, including tee shirts, pint glasses, and books.The brewery tour fascinated me just as much as the pint of beer, learning the process of selecting barley, the jobs of each individual machine, plus the engineering of how it all worked. Some of the machines were not in use and I got to open the hatch and take a look around.With delicious beer and wonderful staff dedicated to supporting their local community, Mt. Carmel Brewing is one of Cincinnati's finest beer institutions.Pints: $5.00Beer flight: $3.00 eachBottles: $3.50 eachGrowler: $8.00 refills / $11.50 for the jug
<review# 674,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2012,12/9/2012,8,36,2,6,3>I have not been disappointed by a single thing on their menu and I have brought several friends here that have claimed it was the best meal/dish they had in their life. I keep editing this review trying to make it more substantive, witty, or edgy (aka more useful, funny, or cool (: ) but really all I can say is go here. And when you do:The beer selection is wide and varying, and many of the servers can tell you all about the different options. The burger is delicious. The mac and cheese is great. The truffle fries are life changing. The soups are hearty. The BLT made me hate all other BLTs. The upstairs and downstairs environments are very different - downstairs has definitely more of a bar/pub feel and upstairs has more of a restaurant feel.Don't go expecting bar food prices. This is quality food - and comes at a somewhat higher cost. It's totally worth it.
<review# 675,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2012,12/8/2012,45,137,3,7,4>Can I give 6 stars?  I love this place!  Carved out of an historic brothel/speakeasy on the edge of town, this homegrown brewery is the best Cincinnati has to offer.  Three chalkboards full of brews for all tastes provide an endless night of beer tasting in a spaciously newly redone tasting room. There's plenty of space to spread out here with several rooms and a patio.   The brew casks are in plain view, reminding you why you drove this far.  So far, it's just excellent beer, but food may be coming soon.  Don't let the location deter you - this is not to be missed as Cincinnati makes its name for itself in local brews.
<review# 676,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2012,12/7/2012,30,44,7,9,9>Cinci Yelpers, it's our time to put our words into action.DO:-Sugarsnap dessert truck - legit cookies and cupcakes-Café de wheels - funky fries (fries topped with pulled pork)-Usually they give out free Vitamin Water!DON'T:-Don't you dare miss it. Don't you dare.PARKING:-Street parkingHaving been born and raised in Portland, Oregon I hold food trucks very close to my heart. Although Cinci's food truck culture is nowhere close to Portland's, there is a lot of potential here in our own city. NOM provides the venue and the opportunity for these trucks to show off their goods and I believe as Yelpers, we have a duty to support this cause. There's something special going on in Cincinnati right now and I would hate to see it come to a stop because we, as Yelpers, failed to support and fight for our own turf. I know it sounds absolutely silly to believe that food trucks or even just food in general can save a city, but look at Portland. Look at the thriving food culture there and the economical impact. It's our time to step away from the keyboard, and put our words into action. YELPERS RISE! (cue The Dark Knight Rises prisoner chant)
<review# 677,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2012,12/6/2012,94,140,2,5,3>Arlene the cat thinks PetPeople is fantastic...and so do I!  When I heard another pet store was opening up the street from me I couldn't wait to visit.  I have been eagerly waiting for the "coming soon" sign to change to "now open!"  It is conveniently located right off Tylersville Rd and allow pets that are on a leash.  Arlene and I set out on an adventure!My cat Bobby has a food allergy and has to eat food that is grain-free and chicken-free.  This can be extremely difficult to find and it is even harder to find a food that all 4 of my cats like.  PetPeople specializes in high quality, natural products.  I was ecstatic to see a fairly large selection of foods that Bobby could safely eat.  Their prices are comparable to Petco, making them slightly more expensive than Petsmart.  However, the individual attention I received at PetPeople was invaluable.The staff at PetPeople were extremely knowledgeable and friendly.  They were able to quickly point out foods that fit my needs and offered to order in larger bags if I needed them in the future (I'm lazy and hate going to the store every week to buy small bags when a large one is more convenient and cheaper).  The staff even located a coupon for me to sample a type of food for free.  Can't beat that!  The staff carried the bags of food to the register and even offered to help us with them to the car.  I love service like that and you don't often see it!They have beautiful cat trees for sale made out of actual tree branches that Arlene absolutely loved.  We literally had to pull her off of them when it was time to leave.  Most cat trees you would want to hide but these were very attractive and worthy of any room in the house.  I would love to buy one but they are a little pricey for my budget.  The store was immaculately clean and well-organized.  There was a large variety of foods, toys, and grooming products.  They also have a grooming area/spa for dogs that looked welcoming.  They have a rewards program called PetPeeps that we made sure to sign up for.  We look forward to the deals, coupons, and I especially like that they notify you of product recalls.  This can be life-saving.  Arlene thought the staff members were super friendly and loved all of the positive attention.  Arlene will be accepting donations towards the epic cat tree :)
<review# 678,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2011,12/5/2012,2,49,,7,1>We're lucky to have this caliber of a spa here in Cincinnati!  I travel for my job, and have spent time all over North America, most often in NYC.  Comparatively, Sia is a well priced, high quality spa, and I can't say enough about them.  Their facilities are some of the nicest in the city (and honestly nicer than a lot of bigger-city spas), their staff are consistently friendly and welcoming, and their spa services are top notch.  They have always been able to schedule me in a timely manner, and my services have always been on time.I love getting to the spa early, to enjoy their waiting lounge.  It is serene, comfy, and cozy.  The robes are huge and really soft & fuzzy - and that is something that a lot of mid-priced spas skimp on. Everything is pristine and clean.  I've had great massages, mani/pedis, and waxing done here - and after reading the other reviews, I've got to book a facial.
<review# 679,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2012,12/4/2012,177,23,,12,3>This may be my favorite restaurant on the Westside.That's right you may find this a tad surprising, but there's an Ethiopian restaurant on the west side of Cincinnati & it is delicious. The injera is tangy, the kifto spicy & the lentils are rich and cooked perfectly. They do traditional Ethiopian coffee service (always a treat), but better than that & better than the food are the people who own the business. They're nice, happy to help you figure out what you might like to eat, and they enjoy having kids around.Do yourself and the whole Westside a favor: go to Habesha at least once a month - these are the kinds of restaurants we need on my side of town.Oh yeah, and they have breakfast. :)
<review# 680,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2012,12/3/2012,33,59,2,4,3>Fabulous independent fabric shop on the outskirts of Oakley's business district.  After having driven by Sewn for over a year, I finally made time to visit in January, 2012.  This store, though compact in size, has an amazing selection of quality fabrics and is simply beautiful to wander around.  Since my initial visit, I have taken two classes and shopped for fabric on numerous occasional.  The classes rate as some of my all time favorite.  Julie, the new store owner, has a  style of teaching that is refreshing.  As an adult relearning how to sew, I was hesitant at first but with Julie's instruction and level of attention, I have gone on to finish multiple sewing projects.  The size of classes are generally kept to six and this is the right number of students for quality individual and group time from the instructors.   In general, I have found all the staff to be helpful and friendly.   The pricing in the shop is in line with the quality of fabrics they sell.   Sales, though limited in nature, are an opportune time to stock up.
<review# 681,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2011,12/2/2012,4,19,,3,3>I had received a spafinder gift card; and Avalon is one of the few spas in town that takes it. I waited about 15 minutes past my appointment, but the staff was very apologetic and it was a Saturday afternoon.  The Citrus Pedicure was divine! Emily kindly got me a glass of wine and a stack of magazines and went to work on my feet. After an hour of scrubbing, filing and polishing, my toes have never looked better. The salon was clean and the staff was very friendly.  I would want to try out other spa services - but in the meantime, I  would highly recommend Avalon for a mani/pedi!
<review# 682,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2012,12/1/2012,182,20,3,5,3>This place is definitely my new hangout in Main Strasse. First of all, they have regular hours, which is more than I can say for Lucy Blue or Fatty Patty's. And to walk in and grab a hot slice of great NY style pizza any time you want is awesome- the only downfall is that that slice might not have just popped out of the oven, which is why I only am giving it 4 stars instead of 5. If you want the best pizza around, call ahead and order it. A note on their large pizza: it's so freaking big, Jimmy Hoffa might be buried under it-no lie, you have to tilt the box to get it through your front door.  Now- if you REALLY want your mind blown, order the calzone! Pure heaven! The crust is crispy on the outside, but warm and soft on the inside, and when you order it with your favorite ingredients, it will always be fresh, and so good that I rarely even use the dipping sauce. Also, the upstairs bar is staffed with some of the BEST bartenders I have ever met. Fun, friendly, and BEYOND knowledgeable on their mixology. As a former bartender myself, even I am impressed with their huge selection of bourbons and other not-so-typical liquor and drink selection. (Pimm's Cup, anyone?) It's a great place for a casual date on a weeknight, and always fun on the weekends if you're not into loud obnoxious club scenes. The only real negative I see here is that this place is gonna make me fat! Oh, and I wish they delivered.
<review# 683,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2012,11/30/2012,24,59,2,5,1>Shake It is the go to place for music in Cincinnati. Whether you are looking for a new release or something from a back catalog, the chances of finding it are good. What is most exciting for me is a constantly shuffling selection of used records to search through. Digging for hours and coming up with something you didn't even know you were looking for is a true joy in life. With listening stations located throughout the building taking a risk has never been easier. Besides vinyl, Shake It is the place to find any CD's (i know, what is that) movies, books, posters or wonderfully weird trinkets you may need, or in my case buy anyway. Basically I love Music = I love Shake It. Without a doubt Cincinnati's best stop for all of your listening needs.
<review# 684,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2012,11/29/2012,156,239,2,2,1>Um, yes please. I was skeptical when I've passed Uncle Yip's for the past 4 years now. What is it? What on earth is Dim Sum? Well it turns out Dim Sum is a whole lot of delicious. You can get many different Asian cuisines here from pho to Thai noodles, dim sum and more Japanese style fare. They have a full compliment of traditional and exotic Chinese food. You can get cuttlefish here, scallops, mussels, conch. So yeah, they've got your seafood covered. The dim sum is something extra special. They will wheel up a cart to you and show you some visuals of your dim sum selections. I can't think of another restaurant that offers such a selection. The staff is extra nice as well. They remembered what we ordered from one week to the next. Excellent casual Chinese restaurant with a little something extra.
<review# 685,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2012,11/28/2012,54,103,2,2,3>Finally, a Mad Mike's closer to my work!  If you've read my other Mad Mike's reviews, you'd know how much I love their burgers and fries.  I make it to the Dixie Highway location whenever I need to get my fix.  Luckily, I now have this Newport spot and there's even another Florence location!  The food here is exactly the same as the original.  The Rockefeller burger is just as awesome here, and the fries are just as addicting and plentiful.  They now even offer pretzel and ciabatta buns, although they are 89 cents more.  I had my Rockefeller on a pretzel bun, and it took it to a whole new level!  I'll be getting more of those in the future, that's for sure.  The prices of their burgers have gone up 50 cents each (at least 50 cents more than what their website lists).  I'm not sure if that's for every location or just the Newport one.  My pretzel-bun-laden Rockefeller, regular fries, and drink came out just over $12.  It seems like a bit much, but the amount of food you get is insane, and it's all fresh and of the highest quality.  Don't bother with a large fry, because the regular is enough for 2 people, or one fat guy like me.  There is no parking lot, but there's a pay lot across the street, and a meter spot shouldn't be too hard to find unless it's a weekend evening.  Come check this place out, the deliciousness awaits!
<review# 686,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2012,11/26/2012,68,19,,5,1>Why pay for a dog park?The answer: My Beagle can swim in their lake and climb on their equipment or run like crazy over their endless grass while my husband and I sit on lounge chairs in the sun (or shade) and drink a beer. Seriously. Its pretty awesome. And I do feel slightly more comfortable letting my dog run around unobserved at this park since all dogs must be temperment -tested and vaccine-documented prior to admission. Although I pretty much always keep my eyes on him because its fun to watch him have so much fun.I love the clean bathrooms and plenty of seating for us lazy owners. I usually buy the 20 pack because it saves a lot of money and ends up being $7/visit instead of $15.I wouldn't make the trip out here or pay the money during the winter because to me its only worth it when my dog can cool off in their huge lake on hot days. Also this past winter the park was often empty and parts of the park were closed off for maintenance.
<review# 687,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2011,11/25/2012,133,199,3,3,2>The Mustard Seed Boutique, formerly located in the Ludlow Garage, is now situated in a better space. Though small, there is no shortage of great handbags, jewelry and other accessories. [As they say, "it's the motion in the ocean..."]In my vow to shop locally this past Christmas, I ended up purchasing a black lace scarf that I've worn no less than 72 times since. It's one of my favorite purchases ever, and for that reason alone I love this shop. It's cute, and it's always like Christmas to walk in, unsure of the goodies that are sure to surprise you.
<review# 688,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2012,11/24/2012,211,416,,6,1>I didn't notice the tree until the 3rd or 4th visit here, so that's not so bad, right?Asian Paradise has become my new favorite lunch takeout spot and here's why:Really good specials. My usual is the 2 roll combo that comes with soup or salad. And I always opt for the wonton soup because their wontons are delicious. $8 for the combo, not too shabby.Their sushi is GOOD. Really. I'm super tired of terrible sushi that's too cold, has too much rice or has fishy-smelling fish. They really know their business here and I appreciate that. The rice is the perfect consistency and temperature. They also have some creative rolls without fish (peanut avocado, vegetable, sweet potato) in case you don't like raw. I don't care if it's not authentic, it doesn't have to be authentic to be good.Now this is the part where I have to admit that I've never dined in or had dinner from here. I had a Malaysian dish once which was pretty much OK. They also have steamed dishes with brown rice for the diet-conscious. But mostly, I'm interested in the sushi.
<review# 689,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2012,11/23/2012,64,204,,2,2>I absolutely love this place! The shows are great and always fun to go see. I feel like this place is almost a hidden gem that not many people know about yet which is nice because it's not overly crowded, but disappointing b/c they deserve more credit. One of the many shows I've seen was  a burlesque theme circus show and was pretty phenomenal. Additionally, if you choose to volunteer and help out with set up 2 hours before the event, you get to watch the show for free! Staff is super friendly, and you can easily tell they have a passion for what they do there. Also, there's a bar for you to enjoy a beverage during to take with you to enjoy while you watch the show!
<review# 690,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2011,11/22/2012,30,69,2,2,2>Looking for a romantic spot to have a quiet convo with your special someone while listening to some acoustic beats? This is the place to go. I went here last summer with my lady on a Friday night and we were lucky to get a seat. This place is packed on the weekend so be prepared to wait. The atmosphere is very cozy and warm for an outdoor venue and in my opinion is best experienced during a warm summer or fall night. There are flowers hanging along the brick wall and are several candles and lights as well. They have a few people taking drink orders but they might take a while to get to you. There are no tables outside its just a group of seats facing an area where live music is played. There is an inside area that also looks inviting but I was not able to check it out on this visit.In strange contrast to most of Mt. Adams bars, this place brings in mostly older clientele, is quiet and is for people who are in a relationship not looking for one for the night. So if you are looking for a place to chill after a night out with your date, this would be a good start on the way to the bedroom.
<review# 691,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2012,11/21/2012,26,17,3,3,1>Chuy's opened up in Florence, KY on 11/6/2012, and being the foodies that we are, my wife and I, and some friends of ours decided to check out Northern KY's newest eatery.The first the I noticed walking into this place is the eclectic decor, the fish hanging from the ceiling, the Elvis head, the palm trees etc.  Crazy decor for a Mexican restaurant.I thought the station where you could see them making the fresh tortillas was a nice touch, but enough about the decor.  It is the food that matters, and it is pretty good.My wife tried the enchiladas, and I tried the fajitas. We both loved our meals but we thought the sides were somewhat limited.  The sides were limited to refried beans and rice. The waitress never let our basket of tortilla chips go empty for very long, and we loved the taste of Chuy's fresh salsa.The girls both ordered frozen drinks, and they were pretty strong (yea!). I was disappointed that they didn't have draft beer, but they have a decent enough beer selection so I could live with bottled beer for a night.Overall, loved the atmosphere, (we ate in the hubcap room) loved the food, and there was enough stuff on the menu that I want to come back and try some different things.  I am sure we will be a repeat offender of Chuy's.  We really enjoyed it.
<review# 692,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2012,11/20/2012,196,189,5,3,2>Sometimes I order Strong's, squint my eyes, stare at the Roebling, and pretend that I'm in Brooklyn rather than Covington - and it works until some guy drives by with loud bass and his shirt off.This pizza is amazing, and their marketing is brilliant. When they first opened up, they sent over a free pizza to our office for lunch, and since then - we only order Strong's.
<review# 693,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2012,11/19/2012,112,240,,3,2>So I wasn't going to write a review for Burnell's because I pretty much agree with everything Cliff K. said (since I was kind of present during the magic of it all), but now I absolutely must be the 10th reviewer in order to urge some of the on-the-fence Yelpers and foodies to come save Burnell's from closing down.A few days after I had my first charming dinner experience, I was tempted to try their lunch menu. As with my first encounter with the staff at Burnells, the lunch staff was just as friendly, polite, and engaging. I ordered the Challah Cuban (mostly because of the divine toasted challah bread, which I believe comes in fresh daily from a local joint sold by the loaf rather than bulk, in which case, Burnell's avoids the risk of having you eat stale challah bread) for $8. It came with a small salad, which I think is Burnell's strong point. The sandwich was good, but not quite as enjoyable as their dinner menu (so try it!).My company ordered the Garden Flatbread for $7, which seemed like it was a popular choice by most customers. I tried it and although I hate to admit, it was better than my sandwich. But I would suggest you be a bit daring and venture out of ordinary, "safe" options, because Nathan knows his palette combinations quite well.He made sure he talked to us before we left the restaurant so that we were happy with what we ordered.I give this place five stars because you know they care about what food they put out and how much satisfaction it brings to their customers.Save Burnell's! Come! You won't regret it.
<review# 694,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2012,11/18/2012,336,296,2,4,2>"Look-Out-Below"  I'm falling completely... in love with the Philly Cream Cheese, Jalapeno, Mad Sauce, Fried Egg, Lettuce Burger! I love the combination of ingredients.  I would never think about putting an egg on my burger, but now I'm going to be putting an egg on top of everything.  It was like having all my daily meals in one (this includes total calorie count for the day too).  I was trying to figure out if it was like having breakfast with an egg and cream cheese bagel  or a date night with spicy jalapeno & juicy burger.  However you want to describe it, whenever you want to eat it, just do it.  It's delicious!
<review# 695,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2012,11/17/2012,16,19,,4,1>One of the staples of Walnut Hills is the Brewhouse, and for good reason. Lunch time at the Brewhouse is always hopping. Folks that work in the area and neighborhood folks all pack the place for their daily specials. Once you enter from the outside world, it may take your eyes a few minutes to adjust to the muted tones of the classic decor, but come in and stay for the food, indeed. They have an extensive menu of sandwiches, burgers and old school entrees such as open faced roast beef with mashed potatoes. My favorite is the Park Avenue Swiss Burger, named after the cross-street right in front. It's a decent sized burger with mushrooms, carmelized onions and swiss cheese which is served with chips and pickles. They usually post their lunch specials on the website each morning, along with the soup and dessert of the day, as well.  Everything here is reasonably priced and always filling. There's a back room with a large-screen tv and one of the more eclectic jukeboxes in town, as well. And yes, as the name implies, there's a divey bar with some of the cheapest beer specials I've seen outside of the west side. Recently the long-time owners of the Brewhouse have sold the business but so far, it's still the well-kept gem it's always been. I was surprised to learn they now deliver, as well. I look forward to seeing more of their improvements on an already good thing.
<review# 696,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2012,11/16/2012,101,13,,5,2>I'm going to give Alabama Que a blazing 5 stars for being among the best soul/southern food in Cincinnati. I've tried most of their meat and sauces, along with most of their sides, and never had a bad experience.My personal favorites are the Brisket and their famous Turkey Tips. Absolutely delicious. Do the hot sauce if you can handle it. Also, be warned - the greens are delicious but very spicy!Quick service, great food, inexpensive prices, especially for lunch ($5 lunch deals). Great for carry out or delivery, but you can also eat there. It's a little divey, but that's what I'd want from a place that brews up good southern cooking.
<review# 697,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2012,11/15/2012,74,158,1,3,3>How have I not reviewed my favorite bar yet??? Honestly I think I've been subconsciously avoiding giving Dutch's a shining review so as not to encourage even more people to crowd into my favorite watering hole... but that wouldn't be the yelp way!The thing I like the most about Dutch's is that it satisfies both the wine and beer snobs in my large group of friends. There truly is something for everyone! While the glasses of wine may be a little pricey, we've discovered that the best way to enjoy Dutch's is with a bottle of your favorite wine. They sell their bottles at state minimum and charge a measly $5 corking fee. You can even find some $10 bottles in their racks. That's 4 glasses of wine for $15 + tip - unheard of for most wine bars!For the beer drinkers in the group - they always have a good selection of 8 beers on tap, usually with a minimum 6% alcohol. But they also have a bottle menu that includes hundreds of bottles stocked in their walk-up beer counter which is right next door. But my favorite part about Dutch's? The patio! If you can get a seat, that is! Also there's a great bocce ball court to keep everyone entertained. I suggest getting there early on a nice night. If your stomach is grumbling, check out the Larder next door for a gourmet meat & cheese plate. I promise you won't be disappointed!
<review# 698,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2012,11/14/2012,0,269,3,2,2>Tuckers is a few blocks north of all the Vine st. hype, but it's just as good without all the fluff. Their breakfast is the type of stuff you hope to stumble on when visiting a small town in the middle of nowhere... A breakfast joint whose only concern is making your day start out right. They had a 'fancy' (to them at least) menu on my last visit and we were able to get crab cake benedict with freshly grilled asparagus - for $8.95. yep, you read that right. The food is delicious and the prices are less than it would cost for me to buy the ingredients and make the meals at home. Sounds like a good combination!My one complaint is the location, and the parking in particular. OTR sucks for parking. I could actually write an entire review just on my frustration with trying to find a parking spot in OTR, but I digress. Try Tuckers, it's worth your time and money and they'll do right and earn your future business.
<review# 699,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2012,11/13/2012,100,322,,5,1>I've been searching for good Mexican since I've moved here from San Diego, and I've found it at Dinastia Latina!Location/Atmosphere: It's a little off the beaten path, and a tiny tiny restaurant. But, very clean, comfortable, not overly decorated.Service: The owner/chef is very talkative a nice, and is clearly passionate about his food. He's happy to talk about the menu or any other things.  We had to ask for stuff like extra water, napkins, chips-- but they were happy and quick to oblige.Food: Delicious!  The salsas are outstanding; be sure to ask for extra so you can have some with your meal. I got chicken with mole verde, rice and beans-- the the mole was so flavorful, and went well with the moist chicken. I appreciated that he asked if I wanted breast, leg, or thigh.  My husband got beef enchiladas with red sauce and it was fantastic as well.  Our friends loved their food as well (enchiladas and lamb burrito bowl).  The only issue was I overate, and I didn't have room for dessert. I really wanted to try the flan. The tortas look tempting as well; I would love to try one in the future, and think it would make a great lunch.This place doesn't have a liquor license but you can BYOB.Overall, friendly service, delicious food, and definitely worth another trip.
<review# 700,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2012,11/12/2012,76,315,,4,1>We hosted my mother's 60th birthday "Ladies' Lunch" in one of their private rooms and I couldn't have had a better experience!  Food here is American-style and very "girl-friendly."  Lots of soup and salad options.  Their French onion soup is amazing.  I love their Quiche of the day.  Their soup, soup, and soup is a fun option- three cups of their different soups.  Deserts are the highlight here!  I tried their limelight (key lime) pie this past weekend.  It was some of the best I have ever had.  Their chocolate cordial pie is a favorite of the others in my family.  Desert servings are HUGE!  Our service for our party of 10 was excellent.  We were never wanting for drink refills and all orders came out correct.  The private room was a great option for us.  We could be as loud as we wanted (and you know a group of 10 women were).  It made the event very special as well.  They have 2 private rooms you can reserve, one good for groups up to about 15 and one a little larger.I recommend this restaurant for any special occasion or a date night.  Its got great charm, amazing food, and consistent service.
<review# 701,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2012,11/11/2012,210,324,11,3,5>This is what happens when that annoying girl next door starts to bathe, wear make up,  hits the gym, and gets perfect implants.  While you may have done all you can to avoid her in the past, now you're all "what's up?"   doing your best to go out of your way just to cross paths.This is a great space for the community to gather at, it's not a park to go shoot hoops, or start a soccer game, although the big grass field does support a nice space for Ultimate.  This is more of a town square,  and its pretty when it's new, so go check it out FYI, you can vote for the music at the plaza and the fountain by visiting classicalwof.org from your mobile device.
<review# 702,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2012,11/10/2012,74,101,2,3,3>Breakfast Club gone fancy:So we had a couple of suggestions from our Westsiders to check out Vitor's Bistro...seriously...we have to drive the WEST side? (o no, Cincinnati favoritism is starting to seep into my veins) BUT im so glad we did!!Im not sure what was the best part, so I will start with the tastiest...Food. Vitor's is known for their french toast and man, rightfully so! I had the mocha french toast and it was crunchy toasty on the outside and super soft and delish on the inside, it came with a fruit cup that had fresh fruit that was exotic by fruit cup standards. My table mates ranged from omelets and other french toast offerings to goetta and eggs. You know when the group turns silent...the food is pretty good! Another perk, was a self serve coffee bar lined with different brews and fixings, no need to bother the waitress, great idea! O, who could forget mimosas and bloody mary's! Speaking of the service...AMAZING! We showed up with a fairly large group, un announced (completely my fault) and they showered us with attention and any question or need was met.  The chef, I believe Vitor himself, came out to see how we were doing...who does that for breakfast service?! No messy check situations and 13 happy bellies were filled. I will definitely be back for dinner service and in the warmer months to sit on the patio! Check it out!
<review# 703,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2012,11/9/2012,73,57,3,8,3>Easily one of the best bars in Newport. Crazy Fox Saloon is a hidden gem of a locals bar tucked away in the south end of Newport's main residential area. Sitting proudly at the corner of Washington and 9th, it is an inviting place that is a bit of a throwback to an era that may have passed.The bar has 4 primary areas, all not particularly large, but adequate. The entry is a modest bar with a table or two. Drink list is diverse, tap list excellent and specials frequent. Bar tenders are ALWAYS friendly. Up a couple of steps is a cozy TV watching lounge. Great place to catch a game or a political debate. Just beyond is a gaming area with pool, darts and pinball as well as a few more tables. Finally, a covered back patio is just out back with a larger amount of seating.Parking is side street, but generally pretty easy to find within the block.The vibe is very friendly with often colorful locals. Crazy Fox has always been known as a strong friend of GLBT community. Often events or gatherings for groups are held there and don't be surprised if the owner brings around Jell-O shots. It's just that kind of place.If your favorite bar has started getting too crowded on weekends, meet a few friends at Crazy Fox for a bit more of a chill evening with good patrons and generously priced drinks.
<review# 704,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2012,11/8/2012,20,186,2,2,2>With our recent move to Cincy, we were concerned about moving away from our favorite dog daycare in Indy. But, luckily, we found Dogtown. They were kind enough to give us a tour of their facility on a drop in visit and then Lola, our sweet but stupid dog, just came home from four days there. She is exhausted, in a good happy way, from playing and jumping and socializing. We checked on her via the webcam while on vacation and enjoying seeing her in the playrooms, outside, and sleeping with her friends in the group boarding room. It helps to know Lola has a place to stay if we need it, for a night or just the day.
<review# 705,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2008,11/7/2012,23,276,7,4,6>Back in the days, I'm told, Izzy himself had no prices on the big board that forms the menu.  No, you ordered your sandwich, ate it, and then paid based on how much Izzy liked you.  And I bet that, even if he overcharged you, you'd say thanks and come back soon anyway.These sandwiches are good.  The corned beef, in accordance with the Jewish tradition, is amazing, so you can expect a mind-blowing Reuben.  Add in Izzy's house pickles plus a plate-sized deep-fried potato pancake (both included), washed down with a Dr Brown's soda, and here is lunch as Yahweh intended it.Really, all of the sandwiches are good, but you'd be a schmuck to pass up one with corned beef.  I think it's safe to say Izzy charged more to people who ordered, say, turkey.Don't even think about ham, you goyim.
<review# 706,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2011,11/6/2012,61,86,1,4,3>Oh Anchor Grill you are the greasiest of spoons and I love you dearly for it! I used to literally live on the same corner as Anchor. It's a Covington landmark that pretty much everyone knows, and I suppose if you don't know it the giant mural of the boat and anchor on the side of the building probably helps.As their sign decrees upon entrance...they may doze, but they NEVER close! You can go to Anchor at all hours of the day and night. After the bars all close this quaint little diner gets PACKED!The food offerings are about what you would expect...breakfast (including Glier's Goetta), sandwiches, and homemade pie! The pies rotate and are all pretty darn delicious!The interior is covered with anchors of every size, shape and origin. My favorite wacky feature is the option to "Strike Up the Band." If you use the jukebox in the front room you will automatically strike up the band in the first dining room. The band being a small animatronic band with none other than Barbie on lead vocals! They apparently lost the original singer to the set and went ahead and replaced it with Barbie. They dance around and play their little instruments during the duration of the song. I'm like a small child when it comes to this and have to do it every time I'm there.The staff are always really nice (though sometimes very busy). I have had to wait pretty long for my food before, but there's so much atmosphere to look at you really don't even notice. Anchor is one of Covington's greatest little treasures. If you are ever in the area stop in (even if just for a slice of pie).
<review# 707,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2011,11/5/2012,33,203,,6,3>Europa is a refreshing change from the non-adventurous food at many places in this neighborhood.  The dinner menu changes every 2 weeks. It is European-inspired fare, so it is a lot like a tour of Europe. They source food from a variety of places, including Findlay market.  The dining room is intimate and not too loud to enjoy dinner conversation with your companions.  They are BYOB with a $5 corking fee.  Not a bad deal at all!  The chef came to our table to ensure we were satisfied with our entrees.  That was a nice touch.  And to top it all off, they have HOMEMADE gelato.  How can you go wrong? Did I mention espresso? Yum.
<review# 708,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2012,11/4/2012,181,524,3,4,3>Fun fact from the 20 Brix website: "Developed by the German chemist Adolf Brix, the Brix scale is the measure of sugar in a liquid. Winemakers look for a certain level of Brix before harvesting grapes. For example, if grapes were picked at 20 degrees brix they consist of 20% sugar." I'm so glad Brix wasn't some weird trendy way for spelling Bricks, not that that would have made any sense whatsoever.Now, on to the actual review. 20 Brix is a lovely restaurant in the heart of downtown Milford, which incidentally is adorably full of little boutique shops that I am putting on my list of places to peruse. It has the look and feel of most contemporary American restaurants, and makes for a cozy dinner. I enjoyed the old Hitchcock movie playing with subtitles on the television over a chalkboard announcing the movie title! Just a cute little touch. I love that they have some wines on tap- eco-friendly and still delicious. There's a nice long wine list, with glasses starting at around $7. The bread was tasty and the menu was interesting. The fried chicken that I ordered was delicious- served on a wild rice waffle with a spicy syrup, flavorful greens, and just a bit of gravy. The husband really liked his generously-size lobster roll. Even though I had no room for it, I ordered the creme brulee, which was surprisingly light (for creme brulee), and adorably served in a dish on a little wooden board with two pools of blueberry sauce on it. Warning, it's more expensive than you would expect, but it's also about the size of 2-3 regular sized desserts so you might want to share.Great date night or girls night place, though it's on the pricier end (most entrees are over $20).
<review# 709,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2012,11/3/2012,86,72,2,5,3>I've been taking classes here for a few weeks and so far I love it. I started off with wheel one, an eight week class that provides recycled clay and teaches you the basics of wheel throwing. I've since moved on to wheel two which is more about becoming comfortable and honing your skills at throwing. There is a diverse class list that ranges from off-wheel sculpture, glass forms, and even a class dedicated to making the appropriate glasses for many different beers and alcohols.The best part of taking formal classes is that you can come in any time they are open in addition to your scheduled class time and the firing and glazing is included in the class. Basically do as much as you can in that 4-8 week class and you'll get your money's worth.Funke is an adult ceramics studio and they encourage you to BYOB and make the experience fun.They are revamping their studio now and will soon have an awesome dedicated space for children's classes and programs.
<review# 710,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2012,11/2/2012,133,116,1,3,1>Without a doubt the on the top of the list as far as hidden gems in Cincinnati. I've always known about The Palace Restaurant at the Cincinnatian Hotel. I've also always known that it is too rich for my britches. I did not know, however, that there is another dining area next to the Palace, called The Crickett Lounge that offers food from the same kitchen, for a far less price tag.Cricket Lounges main draw is its happy hour which runs often, I'm talking 365 (366 on leap years) days a year often, that lasts from 4-7. Specials include $2.50 domestics and $3.00 imports. This is something you can't find many places downtown. You can choose to either sit at the bar or in the surrounding area which has plenty of space and tons of big comfy oversized chairs and couches.They also offer food which is usually why I come here. It is a limited happy hour menu but I am told it changes routinely. I haven't honestly tried everything here but I've had the burger multiple times and it is one of the best cooked burgers around. It is a half-pound sirloin burger with you choice of whatever toppings and cheese along with saratoga chips. Oh yeah, it's only $5!!! It really is one of my favorite burgers in the city. It has a great grilled taste to it.The bartenders and servers are always friendly here and they don't look down on you when you ask for the happy hour menu like some places do. They actually encourage it. There are never a lot of people in here which seems so weird to me so you don't have to worry about not being able to sit or wait long for your order. I wish more people would head over to the Cricket Lounge. It is a little intimidating because of the fine dining restaurant next to it, but trust me, it is worth the visit. One of the best happy hours in Cincinnati, hand down.
<review# 711,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2011,11/1/2012,107,86,2,6,4>Pelican's Reef is one of my favorite restaurants in the Cincy area. It's this little neighborhood place in a strip mall and I've been eating here since the early 90s when a good friend did a short stint as the bartender and introduced me to the place (L.V. hit me with another one!!). He's been long gone, but I still visit and enjoy the great food. It really is excellent. If they're trying to be like a coastal seafood bar/pub al la Florida style... well I think they're doing a pretty good job of it actually.It's got a great vibe as a fun, neighborhood bar/grill place, and the service has always been excellent - even during busy dinner rush. However, I do try to avoid those times because even with the overflow parking on the hill behind the strip mall, you could really be out of luck finding a spot if it's a busy night.They've got a fresh catch chalkboard with market prices and a lot of different menu choices. But I usually go for the shellfish baskets of some variety. Awesome pan-fried crab cakes but I am not too keen on the chipotle tartar sauce... give me some traditional remoulade.The fish tacos are excellent and I really like the Jamaican relish. But the real killer is the Caribbean Shellfish Stew. AWESOME! A bit pricey but it is so tasty. Lobster fritters, peel and eat prawns... okay, I'm getting hungry for seafood just thinking about all the tasty things I've sampled from their menu and it's only 7:30 am.I can haz seafood for breakfast can't I?
<review# 712,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2012,10/31/2012,31,19,1,5,4>More than just a burger! An opportunity to support a local business & a family who is so obviously passionate about what they have going on... and it's a wonderful thing they have indeed! The burger is large & juicy but not the greasy drippy kind of juicy.  The french fries are the twice-fried type so they crispy but still potato-y which I loved dipped in the 'special sauce' which was zesty w/ a bold red pepper flavor. We appreciated the fact that there was hardly a grease spot to be seen despite the fries coming out in a paper bag & our tray lined with paper -everything just tasted fresh! In fact, I was able to observe the owner/chef chopping our lettuce & slicing the tomato for our burgers, I like that.As our meal was wrapping up the same owner/chef came around and sat nearby to ask if we'd enjoyed our meal. This was not that obligatory, obnoxious "i'm the owner -how's my food?" kind of thing; it was genuine & he was so humble as we raved about the unique-ness and overall yumminess of his burgers. I really can't wait to go back!Arthur's used to hold the crown as my favorite burger in Cincinnati.... but I must say, Sonny's has blown it out of the water & I really hope this family continues their success
<review# 713,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2012,10/30/2012,25,59,3,5,3>A real craft beer bar in my neck of the woods? Hooray! It's no secret that I am passionate about craft beer, so when I heard that there was a shiny new "craft beer" bar in Oakbrook I had to try it. I must admit that I was hesitant at first, this area doesn't seem to attract proper craft beer locations. My hesitations were put to rest quickly when I saw the tap wall and the beer fridges. Holler has a great selection of local, regional and national craft beers. They have 10 taps of which at least 80% or more are stacked with delicious craft beer offerings and no macro fizz. A beautiful thing indeed. The price per pint is perfectly reasonable and sometimes downright cheap as compared to some other craft beer locations in NKY. It seems that there are at least two beer specials a day making the great prices even better!I have eaten a few different items off of the menu and nearly everything I have had has been very tasty. The Kentucky Egg is quite delicious and the sampler platter gives you a taste of many delicious items that they make. The homemade pimento was especially good. The prices are moderate and seemed deserved for almost everything I have had. The only issue I have is with the prices of the sides. I ordered a side of fries to snack on expecting a basket sized portion for the price, what I got was one potatoes worth on a small saucer with primarily small bits  - and they were significantly under seasoned. Win some, lose some.Overall this is a great new addition to the community and i highly recommend you experience it for yourself.
<review# 714,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2012,10/29/2012,60,99,8,1,1>I am not a very excitable person and my girlfriend will vouch for that, but when she told me that she was going to take me to The Precinct. I was like a child on Christmas Eve. I like steak, I love a great steak, and Jeff Ruby's steaks are great in my book (honestly I do not even have a book if we are going to get real). For our entree's my girlfriend and I decided to each have a member of the Big Red Machine. I went with Pete Rose and she went with Johnny Bench (she likes a man on his knees). But back to the appetizer, we started with the Blackened Diver Scallops which was delici.....ous. The Israeli Couscous that it was on was so good, I honestly could have eaten an entire serving of that and been satisfied. We ordered the Fresh Asparagus and Jeff Ruby's Baked Macaroni & Cheese to go along with our 70's superstars and the sides that are included with each Precinct steak (salad and potato). We both went with a Greak Salad and Garlic Mashed Potatoes as our complimentary sides! My girlfriend laughed as I ate my  12 oz Center Cut Filet Mignon, because my eyes were closed and I could only imagine the expression of pure ectasy that was on my face as I savored every bite. When eating truly exceptional meat, I like to dull my other senses to limit any other distractions that will take away from the meat. Next time I think I will bring earplugs as I can only imagine how marvelous it will taste with both vision and hearing dulled.I cannot wait till my sugar mamma brings me back!
<review# 715,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2012,10/28/2012,69,67,3,4,2>This place is delicious!  If you're looking for brunch in Northern Kentucky, especially during the week, this is the place to be.  They serve brunch 7 days a week, and that is tough to find in this area.  They also have a pretty great lunch menu, but brunch is where the most delicious menu items are.  Unfortunately, brunch is only served until 11am on the weekdays, but you can order it until 2pm on weekends.You are seriously missing out if you've never tried their goetta sandwich.  In fact, my friends and I have turned "goetta sandwich" into an adjective describing anything wonderful, thanks to Bellevue Bistro changing our taste buds forever.Their skillet potatoes are the best I've ever tasted.  And you can also order these with lunch instead of chips!If you're there for lunch, I'd recommend the tuna asparagus salad.  I'm really not a salad person, but this is one of my favorite meals ever.  The breakfast salad is pretty awesome too.  They're both hearty enough to be a meal instead of just a side salad.Basically what this review comes down to, is that you really need to go to Bellevue Bistro.  It's important.
<review# 716,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2012,10/27/2012,39,88,2,5,2>We've lived in Cincinnati for 5 years but hadn't really found a good pizza place (Dewey's is decent enough but doesn't have the mom and pop feel that we prefer) until now.  Enter Jean Paul's Paradiso. Firstly, the portions are HUGE.  We ordered a large pizza plus a pasta for our family of four and had enough food for 2 full meals.  So far we've tried the Sicilian and Blackened Chicken Alfredo pizzas as well as the Italian Ziti and Chicken Farfalle pastas.  The Sicilian was loaded up with meat - a meat-lovers pizza if we've ever seen one - with layer upon layer of goodness.  The Blackened Chicken Alfredo has amazing flavor with giant pieces of chicken and is our favorite so far.  Who knew a "white" pizza could be so good?Both pastas are as hearty as their pizza counterparts.  This place does not skimp on flavor or meat.  We only wish it served lasagna, was closer to our house, and was more a dine-in type of place so we could bring all of our friends.A well-deserved 5 stars!UPDATE:  I stand corrected.  They serve lasagna on occasion but it is not listed on their menus.  Just give them a call and see if they have it available.  We enjoyed it - a perfect balance of meat, cheese, and noodles.
<review# 717,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2011,10/26/2012,80,51,,6,4>Mannequin Boutique at 1405 Vine (open Friday and Saturday) is chock full of brands you'll recognize. Prada. Georgio Armani. Kasper. Stuart Weitzman. Coach. Gucci. Boutique owner Moe Rouse has worked to fill its shelves and racks with quality, brand name designs - most with classic lines, but also several over-the-top pieces that are sure to make an impression.The store, right next to Rohs Hardware, also has an excellent collection of vintage pieces dating back to the 20s. Flapper-style dresses, delicate kit gloves and antique handbags are just some of the fantastic fashions that await you.All of the sales go to support several local non-profit organizations including Stop AIDS, Lighthouse Youth Services, Tender Mercies and City Gospel Mission - organizations that do a great job of serving the OtR community.Moe told me most of the clothing are local donations, though she says she will make monthly trips to New York City to bring back jewelry and other pieces for the store.
<review# 718,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/8/2012,10/24/2012,73,345,4,3,4>Can we say hidden gem?Whilst stranded with my dead car at Family Video, I happened into New China Gourmet.  Sandwiched between an unnamed biker bar and a bar that shall remain nameless, is a tiny Chinese restaurant. Instead of being concerned with the premium of seating, the owners decided to place a ping pong table in the middle of the room.  PING PONG TABLE!Ping pong table for the win!  People only sit at a Chinese restaurant when they're waiting for their takeout anyways.  So ping pong table.  Awesome sauce.Food was good, tastes like Chinese (it all kinda tastes the same, no?).  Mu Gu Gai Pan was a solid choice, Crab Rangoon is more of the salty/savory kind than the super sweet kind.  I prefer super sweet, but hey, the stuff was hot, fresh in delish.This may become my go to ping pong table...er, I mean Chinese take-out place.
<review# 719,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/3/2012,10/23/2012,1081,373,5,12,9>Tucked away in the small town of Montgomery, Ohio the Montgomery Inn sits as the centerpiece.  This is considered by most Cincinnati's best BBQ, and the most visibly recognized BBQ favorite in Ohio.This location is the original and has the feel of a classy sports bar for 50/60 something's.  It differs greatly from the newer venue at the boathouse on the Ohio River. I have been here many times throughout my life, with fond stops as a child before heading to a Reds game.Beyond the ambience and history lets get to the meat of their argument for best BBQ... The ribs - fantastic (8/10), the chicken - tasty (7/10), the pulled pork - juicy (7/10), the beef brisket - amazingly tender (9/10). You get a hint of smoke in their BBQ, but it's lacking the punch of the KC style. It's fair to say their claim is the BBQ sauce, where I think they may have one of the best in the country.The sides are rather good too.... The jalapeño corn bread is great, the baked potato good.It all flushes down with the Ted Gregory Pail ~ not to be confused with Pale, because it's not that style ~ Ale (brewed by LEINENKUGEL'S).Overall, it's not the best in America, nor the Midwest for that matter. However, it may be Cincinnati's finest. In either case, it's an enjoyable dinner and a must do at least once while in the 'Nati.
<review# 720,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2012,10/22/2012,181,295,,3,4>i just moved here from santa cruz, ca - and this is the first place my bestie, angela c., brought me to. she knows what's up, and so does japp's. if it's true that cincinnati / ohio / the midwest are ten years behind california, japp's is far ahead of schedule. first of all, the set-up and atmosphere were extremely chill and laid back. molly was friendly, sweet and welcoming and after learning of my move, assured me that cincinnati was much more happening than it was when i moved away 10 years ago. she said it with such genuineness that i didn't even need a drink to believe her! oh yeah, and the drinks. she could put motiv in santa cruz mixologists to shame! if you live in or around cincinnati (or are just passing through!) and you've never been here, please go! you will not be disappointed!!!!
<review# 721,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2012,10/21/2012,94,404,2,3,2>Sitting in the parking lot of a shady-looking convenience store with barred windows, just down Montgomery Road from Pleasant Ridge Chili, the little Tacos Locos truck is so tiny and humble and has such a basic menu that there really isn't all that much to say about it.  Except that I'm really happy that somebody is finally selling authentic tacos and tortas on this side of town, already.  Tacos Locos scores a whole mess of points on this fact alone.On the evening we were there, the only meats offered for tacos and quesadilas were asada, chicken, pastor, and tongue, all of which we sampled.  The tacos were solid, probably better than Mercado's downtown but not quite as good as La Mexicana's in Newport or Yolandita's over on the West Side.  A few more fillings are available for tortas, like a couple of milenesa preparations.  The tacos were only $2 apiece and generously filled, so it's a good food deal.  In addition to limited meat choices, a drawback is that there really isn't any place to sit to enjoy your tacos.  But I guess this goes with the taco-truck territory:  You sit on or in your car, or you drive it elsewhere and chow down.  And this probably doesn't matter to some taco fans, but it's unfortunate that the store in front of which this taco truck sits doesn't offer any Mexican beverages (Jarritos, Jumex, etc.).But to Tacos Locos' friendly proprietor:  íBienvenido a Pleasant Ridge!Also:  hat-tip to Benjamin R. and Ed J. for their reviews.  Otherwise, I'd still be blithely unaware of this place.
<review# 722,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2012,10/20/2012,3,17,2,4,5>LOVE, LOVE, LOVE!!! Actually found out about this place from a Yelp newsletter about a Girl's Night Out! I checked out the review and it looked like it would be an amazing time! My sister and I checked out the calendar - they have so many wonderful options!!! There are other businesses like this in Cincinnati, but NONE of them compares to the quality of paintings available here! They are so vibrant and colorful - the kind of artwork that you WANT to display in your home! We did a beach sunset scene and went a couple weeks later for a peacock. Had a GREAT time! The couple who owns the business are so helpful and friendly. They have several different types of local beer - delicious! The atmosphere is really upbeat - music plays throughout the session and we made friends w/ the ladies sitting beside us each time! Believe me, you definitely don't need to be an experienced artist to enjoy these classes! Like their page on Facebook - they usually have deals on sessions every couple of months! PS, they also have a boutique with really cute items! Purses, necklaces, rings! I signed up to receive their e-mail newsletters and they recently included a coupon for 25% off any boutique purchase! Great experience! We've already registered for the next class! Can't wait!!
<review# 723,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2012,10/19/2012,43,24,2,3,3>Ahh Ruthai's. This little hole in the wall has The Best Thai Curry in the whole world. I may be ruined for curry forever. When I go to Ruthai's, which sadly doesn't happen as much since they took out lunch service, I always get the yellow curry. They have a dinner special that is yellow curry with chicken, shrimp, and mango which is very yummy. Every curry dish also has lots of veggies too--carrots, peppers, onions, etc. The yellow curry has the perfect consistency for a coconut-based curry. It's thin and delicate, not syrupy. It is flecked with bright spices a that add wonderful dimension to all the components of the dish, but is perfect on its own. So good, I ask for extra rice to sop up every drop of sauce on my plate. Get it as spicy as you like. My husband is picky about rice. He loves it, but wants it to be perfect. Ruthai's has the best rice of anywhere we've tried, be it sushi rice or just the rice they serve with meals. The fried rice is also very good. I think the Pad Thai is still better at Bangkok Bistro, but you can get Pad Thai anywhere. Where else are you going to find curry-flavored heaven on a plate?Do yourself a favor. Go try the curry and get some terrific sushi while your at it.
<review# 724,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2012,10/18/2012,40,53,,10,3>Absolutely fantastic Lebanese food with an excellent atmosphere and good service.The first thing you notice when you walk in is that the interior is really well done. They have a well stocked bar and an open kitchen that runs the length of the dining area. We were greeted and seated by the owner and a waiter hurried over to take our drink orders.We had the falafel appetizer, kebabs and shwarma for our entrees and then baklava and the halawet jibne for dessert. Everything was really good and the portions were generous. They also brought out bread and oil - the bread was puffy, air-filled pockets and was so fresh when you tore them open steam came pouring out.The owner came back to check on us several times, and told us about some of the traditions behind the food and the Lebanese coffee. All in all it was a delicious meal paired with a wonderful experience. I highly recommend giving them a try.
<review# 725,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2010,10/16/2012,57,155,7,7,5>This is going to sound lame when I say it, but it's the truth.I screamed like a little girl...There it is.The lame-ness continues. This was my first haunted house experience. Yes, I'm 30 and this was my first "real" haunted house.Luckily for me, the lame-ness was all me, and none for this place. It was amazing! Once you go through those doors you are transported into another world. A very scary, very disturbed, and at times very disgusting world. What was most amazing is that somehow they bend space and time. It just seemed to go on and on, like there was no escape. You will be freaked out!It gets crowded quickly on Friday and Saturday nights, so if you don't want to wait in line, get there before it opens. Of course, they do have characters roaming the line, as well as a horror movie playing on a screen out front, to keep you entertained.
<review# 726,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2012,10/15/2012,52,101,9,4,4>My love for food has its costs. I now shop at the Big and Tall store (p.s. I'm not tall), I spend an inordinate amount of money on eating out, and I like my BBQ sauce by the pint with a straw in it. Yes, it's true, I love BBQ. And lucky for me, southern-style BBQ is infiltrating every city in the United States. Here in Cincinnati we are blessed with a near perfect pit BBQ joint in Columbia-Tusculum by the name of Eli's BBQ.This place is all kinds of money. $5 gets you a bombass pulled pork or smoked turkey sandwich on a toasted bun with or without coleslaw (don't hate on cabbage, get the slaw!). $3 more gets you two side dishes which are all ridiculously ridiculous. The mac and cheese is gooey and angelic, the jalapeno cornbread is a fiery delight, and the baked beans are the best I've had in my life (I think I tasted chili powder, bourbon, and Tinkerbell's fairy dust in them... they were that good).The ambiance is awesome, you can eat outside on a picnic bench or sit inside their cozy indoor seating area and fill your audible senses with the amazing sounds of vinyl records from the 60s and 70s. The staff is fun and upbeat, and honestly there is nothing negative I can say about this place (except that they didn't open their restaurant across the street from my place).If your idea of BBQ is dipping a McNugget into a BBQ sauce packet then expand your horizons and treat yourself to a culinary orgasm at Eli's BBQ. And if you're already a lover of smoked meats and great homemade southern fare, then make your way to Columbia-Tusculum and bask in the blissfulness that is Eli's BBQ.
<review# 727,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2011,10/14/2012,125,175,2,2,2>I looooove this place. If you ever need anything for a craft or a costume this is the spot. The staff is very helpful at giving advice and helping your costume come to life. The prices are very low. If you need ribbon, party favors, or any kind of party decorations they have it all. The same party tablecloths in all different colors that are available at the party source for about $5 are available here for about $2. Bengals accessories like tiger ears, hats, glasses, beads, etc. as well as Octoberfest chicken hats, green feather hats, beer beads, are all wayyyyyy less expensive than if you buy them at the stadium or the festivals. Think about it. Park a bit north, stop by cappel's and stop people in their tracks with your awesome gear for all the events around Cincinnati!Keep in mind. One side of the block has the Cappel's Annex with pure costume apparel and accessories. The real Cappel's is on the opposite side of the block and has the more authentic items at a very low price. Check the real place before the costume store.
<review# 728,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2012,10/13/2012,82,119,1,3,2>Gigantic pretzels.Good, now I have your attention. This place has been on my radar for a few months, but I was never able to make it. It is sad I went so long without trying it out. When you walk in the door, there is an instant divey (but clean-divey) charm with picnic tables, some German paraphernalia and a bar. The bar is also where you order whether you are sitting at a table or not. The beer and food menus are all on chalkboards. Now that the logistics are out of the way, let's get to the important stuff. Housemade sausages, housemade mustards and housemade breads. You want all of this stuff.We had a Giant pretzel and cheese dip to start and they are not joking about giant. It was a superfilling start for the two of us and I could see at least four people easily munching on this. We both had the sausage plate...mine with currywurst and the pretzel dumplings while the husband went for a spicer sausage he really liked but forgot the name of (along with the pretzel dumplings.) It was all fantastic. They have other sides like potato pancakes, but if I go in and those dumplings are on the menu - I'm going to have a hard time passing them up.They have a pretty decent beer selection, so you should be able to find something good. I feel they have the ability to push this even further to make it a great beer selection so I'll go with four stars instead of five.I definitely see us coming back here often.
<review# 729,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2012,10/12/2012,6,135,3,4,2>Putting a Jungle Jim's 10 minutes from my house is like putting a Party Source next door to a halfway house for alcoholics. I love experimenting with exotic foods - exotic, in Eastgate!!???!! - and I find pure inspiration at JJ's. I'm going to buy a pound of alligator meat and a pound of crocodile meat and see if I can tell the difference. They obviously paid attention to what works at the Fairfield store and what doesn't. The main aisles are very large, and it's considerably easier to move from one end of the store to the other and head straight to a particular department. At times, moving through the Fairfield store is like going through a crowded haunted house, especially in the first half of the store. Eastgate is laid out much better for most purposes. The hot sauce section, while seemingly larger, probably has a few less brands, as each brand they do have is three or four bottles wide vs one. Based on what's there, I'd say the poor sellers at Fairfield are not represented there. There's still more than you could try in a lifetime, though.All that said, it's as wonderful as the other store, more so in little ways, but you're still best off going to the one that's closest to you,  Enjoy the surprises around each corner!
<review# 730,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2011,10/11/2012,52,69,2,2,4>After moving to the middle of nowhere (even out past West Chester), I was upset at the lack of cool/unique places to hang out. My one solace was The Wise Owl; a beacon of light on the otherwise desolate suburban landscape (Okay, Dingle House is actually pretty cool too, and I guess there's also the Fox and Hound, or Brazenhead, but I'm going for dramatic effect here).Anyway, The Wise Owl is a fantastic place to go if you  want to have a glass, or bottle, or several bottles of wine and chillax* with some friends. The atmosphere is relaxed, with soft lighting, and a modern decor featuring dark wood. I love any place with couches and chairs set around coffee tables so you can just sit and chat with friends. There is a little patio out front that is also nice to sit on. I believe most nights they have live music, usually a guy/girl duo with a guitar and maybe bongos. The music has always been excellent, and tends to fit the mood just right.The staff is very friendly and knowledgeable. You can ask their opinion on a particular wine, or just tell them the sort of thing you like and have them pick a bottle out. The wine selection itself is pretty comprehensive, and housed in a beautiful wine rack that takes up almost the entire right-hand wall of the bar.If you're out for dinner in West-Chester, or maybe just looking for a place to go after work, you should give The Wise Owl a try.*I was looking for a good word to use here. Unwind sounded weird coming immediately after wine, and I use the word relax at the beginning of the next sentence. I ultimately settled on the use of "chillax" to perfectly express both the concepts  of "chilling" and "relaxing" at the same time.
<review# 731,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/24/2012,10/10/2012,39,12,3,3,5>Continuing my quest to try the best breakfast spots in Cincinnati brought me to Norwood and the Bluebird Restaurant.  Bluebird has a very homey feel and reminds me of what a traditional diner looks like, even sporting in-booth jukeboxes for your listening pleasure while enjoying some greasy spoon fare.   My order included all of the traditional items a breakfast lover would order (pancakes AND biscuits and gravy, eggs, sausage, hash browns, and probably some other stuff in which I now forget due to breakfast euphoria).  Needless to say my breakfast at Bluebird was quite good and was served up quickly and did not involve a shock when the bill arrived.  If greasy breakfast is a guilty pleasure of yours and you would like to avoid buyer's remorse for spending too much, Bluebird in Norwood is a spot worth checking out.
<review# 732,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2012,10/9/2012,20,99,,2,3>This place deserves way more than just 4 stars. This place is the greatest truly.  Here is why I drive out of my way to work out here and this is why all female Yelp readers need to put on the gym shoes and join this gym. I promise!1. The instructors are awesome here. All the class instructors want to be teaching and love their work. You can just tell that these ladies love the gym and the members here. I have only been going here for about a month and every instructor knows my name and makes a point to talk to me.2. The other members are sooo nice. I have never been to a gym where all the other members are awesome.  Here you don't need to show off at the gym or feel insecure because these women don't care. Don't be surprised when you join, if the other members smile at you or ask you how your day was. 3. The studio is so cute. Everything is pink and girly and clean. The cutesiness of the studio totally adds to the culture of the gym.4. The classes are amazing. Each class offers something different and unique. Also, no matter what shape you are in each class can be modified to your ability. Take a few classes and you are guaranteed to feel better about yourself.I really enjoy this studio. It is a little out of my way and little bit more expensive (compared to like Urban Active) but this place is totally worth it. You have to be good to yourself! You just do and this place is a good place to do it.
<review# 733,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2012,10/8/2012,6,4,,4,2>These desserts are the BEST!The key lime bites (I like to call this her signature item) are so flavorful and the crust is so buttery. The lemon bites are melt in your delicious. The chocolate brownies bites are moist and  chocolately. The cake pops are better than any cake pop I have had before. Everything on the menu is baked with quality ingredients and the flavors and overall taste of her items is excellent!  I had Sweet Petit make my boyfriend some heart shaped sugar cookies with frosting for Valentine's Day. They tasted like no other sugar cookie I have had before.After tasting these sweet treats you will be hooked and you probably will not want to buy pastries out of the store again. Give Sweet Petit Desserts a try. I promise you'll be hooked. :-)
<review# 734,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2012,10/7/2012,130,38,,4,1>This place is very close to my heart. I have been hanging out here since they where at their old location in blue-Ash (roxx 1.0 or beta if you will). I have made a ton of friends hanging out, and I'm really glad they are doing better and rocking it at a new locationRoxx is a combination Lan Gaming center and coffee house. I think it does both of them well, but not as well as if they where only one or the other. But what I can say, is they created a environment for both coffee goers or gamers that set them up for great experience. When you walk into roxx, you will see plenty of tables and booths on the left and gaming on the right. They have plenty of computers to game on, so be sure to bring your friends. My one complaint is that the gaming machines can be temperamental from time to time, but in general, nothing that ruins my day. You can always find  people playing card games, DND, or other nerdy entertainment activities in the seating area. Its also not uncommon to see people doing their homework, which its a great place for, as its generally quiet in that area.They take pride in their coffee quality. Their menu can be hit or miss though. Many of their drinks are great, and many of them are giant glasses of sugar. First time there, ask one of the well-dressed baristas for their advise. Their drinks can be a bit pricy, but you get a good size for the price.Though I miss the old days, I can say that this is a solid place to hang out, or just to stop in and get some coffee.
<review# 735,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2012,10/6/2012,24,162,2,10,9>When you walk through the door at Country Fresh, it just smells, well, fresh.  The spring and the summer is the best because you immediately smell the fresh berries and the melons.  All of the produce is very fragrant, not waxy and fake-looking like you see at some big-box stores.  And most of the produce they have is from local farms, and the really cool thing is that they have little signs up telling you what Ohio/Kentucky/Indiana farm it comes from.  But even with the not-so-local produce, they tell you where that's from too, so you don't really ever have to wonder.Kroger is right down the street from Country Fresh, but the prices here are usually better, as is the quality.  But produce is not all they sell.  They have a huge selection of wine!  You really could walk up and down the aisle for a good half hour just browsing, and even then you'll want to come back.  And you will.  :-)  They also have a really interesting stock of authentic international cooking ingredients (Thai, Indian, Italian, Mexican, etc), breads and pastries from local bakeries, and if that wasn't enough, a large section of "specialty foods" (Think gluten free.  Think low carb.  Those types of things.)If you go once, you'll probably want to come back.  Trust me, I'm here every week!
<review# 736,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2012,10/5/2012,68,235,,2,3>I have absolutely nothing bad to say about this place.I've been here three times- two times was just for wine flights/appetizers, and once for dinner (on NYE). The wine flights are by far my favorite thing, and what keep me coming back. They do change them out a bit every once in a while (each one has been slightly different, I think, each time I've been in the last year), but they have EIGHT to choose from, four white and four red flights, all with different wines. So now that you've had your wine, there's the rest of the pretty sizable menu.I've had cheese plates (just so-so), the hummus (not memorable), the bruschetta (wonderful), a pizza (good), entrees (all WONDERFUL), and dessert (also WONDERFUL). This is one of the rare times when I'll say that the price point, while kind of high, is totally worth it. Plus they sell their bottles at state minimum prices, so you can always go home with a new favorite!Word of warning: they get so so super busy on weekends that I only go there on weekdays, unless I can do a reservation. One thing I really like about them is that last time I was there was around 8pm on a weeknight, and though were were only doing wine flights and appetizers, they let us sit at a table outside that was table service. And every time I've been there, the service has been fantastic- lovely and funny, very attentive.
<review# 737,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2012,10/4/2012,30,44,3,8,11>Welcome to OTR.DO:-Any fried fish is good in my book.-Pickup the food and walk to Findlay Market (north up Race St). Eat there.-Pickup the food and walk to Washington Park (south down Race St). Eat there.-Extra napkins.-Walk in, you order and pay at the counter in front of you. You pickup and dress up your fish on the counter to the right of you.-Say yes to the sauteed onions/peppers.-Do not forget the malt vinegar when dressing your fishies.DON'T:-You're on Liberty and Race, pretty much the heart of OTR. Don't be rude and be all scared. Say hello, everyone is very nice.PARKING:-Street parking.-If Liberty is filled up, try going south of Liberty on Race St. towards Washington Park.I love fish and chips (Oregon coast, Seattle, Maine, etc). This is probably the best fried fish in Cinci, but because it's in a "shady" neighborhood, people are very hesitant to give it a go. Well, you're missing out, that's all I gotta say. Oh, and for those of you who decided to give it a try -- welcome to OTR.
<review# 738,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2011,10/3/2012,18,46,3,4,4>When I asked @DojoGelato on twitter about a paticular flavor of gelato and what it tasted like, I got the response back that it was as good as getting a hug from a baby Ewok.Now, not being a Star Wars fan (I've never seen any of them) the reference was wasted on me. However, I am a BIG fan of Dojo Gelato.My favorite flavors thus far being the Apple Cider Sorbetto mixed with the Pumpkin . But honestly, I've never put a spadeful into my mouth and said " no no, this is gross take it away" . More likely I used my self defense training in keeping those who tried to "share" with me far far away.Also I'm led to understand they make a mean espresso and coffee so try that too. My advice on Dojo is taste it all, taste it often. Take pints home, take them to your friends.
<review# 739,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2012,10/2/2012,21,165,1,3,2>Nothing whacked about Whackburger!  There are plenty of different varieties of burgers with worldly influences, Cajun, Curry, German, Mediterranean, etc.  Each burger is flat-top(I love flat-tops) grilled to order, so be prepared to wait for a while after ordering.  These burgers are huge, so it takes a while to grill 'em up!  You can choose between Beef, Turkey, and Black Bean burgers.    The brioche buns are grilled too.  This trip I got The Whackburger, and with 2 cheeses and a pile of jalapeños, it was pretty damn awesome, with a nice spice.  There are many healthy side dishes, like fruit salad, house salad, mixed veggies, and broccoli slaw, so I, of course, chose the french fries.  Their hand-cut fries are thick-cut and reallllly good.  They also have hand cut chips, but you have to get the fries so that you can get the ketchup!  I never thought I'd compliment a restaurant on it's ketchup, but theirs is probably one of the best I've ever had.  It tasted like a cross between Heinz ketchup and Montgomery Inn BBQ sauce, with garlic.  Really spectacular ketchup!  When I see that a place takes that much time for a widely overlooked condiment like ketchup, then it's a pretty safe bet that they have thoroughly thought out their menu and ingredients, so I anticipate being delighted as I eat my way/weigh through their menu.  Just make sure you realize, it will take more time than typical fast food, because it isn't typical fast food, and you can't rush success!  Now go clog your arteries!
<review# 740,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2012,10/1/2012,20,16,,11,4>DEAL ALERT! DEAL ALERT! DEAL ALERT!Most of us know, or have at least heard of, Via Vite, which sits prominently on Fountain Square.  What almost no one knows is that they offer what just might be the Happy Hour deal of the century.  From 3-7 M-Th  they offer their artisan-quality, wood-fired pizza (already a bargain at $12) for $6!  Yes, really.  And you'll end up taking half of it home.  Factor in a glass of wine for $4 (also half-price, so you're really drinking an already well-priced $8 glass), $1 for an hour of parking in the Fountain Square Garage directly below your destination, and $4 for a tip (the service is sharp, and you're a buffoon of you tip less), and your grand total for a truly upscale late lunch/early dinner is $15.  This is less than you'd spend at a depressing chain restaurant in the suburbs.  I almost didn't post this because I wanted it to remain my personal secret, but  the sharp folks at Via Vite deserve to be packed full in the mid-afternoons if they're offering a deal this generous.
<review# 741,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2012,9/30/2012,64,340,,2,2>On the second day of my jury duty service I met up with my cousin and one of his coworkers for lunch from Turophilia, a quesadilla food truck operating out of a 1967 Airstream trailer. I had seen the trailer before but never when it was open for business. Currently they are open at 8th and Vine Tues-Fri from 11-2:30pm.The menu changes daily and is written on a whiteboard outside the door to the trailer, which is also where orders are placed. Most quesadillas cost $5 for the small soft taco size and $7 for the larger more traditional quesadilla size. One item that sounded really interesting was the Waylon Jennings, which was served with Eli's BBQ pulled pork inside. Unfortunately they had already run out earlier in the day. That was no problem as there were plenty of other great looking options.I decided to try a small I'm Not Hungover - turkey, avocado, firehot chips, peppercorn ranch, Dijon mustard, and Monterey Jack ($5). I think the chips were Lay's Flamin' Hot potato chips, and though I wasn't sure what this would taste like inside the quesadilla, the crunch was hardly detectable after cooking so it really just added a nice bit of heat to the mix. I really love turkey and avocado together, and the rest of the ingredients added some interesting flavor combinations. The quesadilla took a little while to prepare, but it was definitely worth it in the end. I can't wait to try another.
<review# 742,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2012,9/29/2012,278,854,,4,3>I remember as a child thinking this "boat ride" was the coolest thing and since the typical destination was the CVG airport, it was an added bonus. (Anyone else remember when you could go to the airport and people watch? This was of course waaaay pre 9/11.) Since 1817 (!!) the ferry has been connecting Cincinnati with Constance, Kentucky. When I used to live in Delhi, back in the stone age, the ferry is probably the fastest way to get to that part of Kentucky. The one-way car fare is $4 and a over and back is available for $7. If you are on your bike or walking, the fare is much less $2 to .50c. One usually doesn't have to wait longer than 15 minutes as they run 2 ferries during the busy times (4-6PM). Save gas and turn your car off if the ferry isn't ready for you. I believe it is cash only, but I'm not 100% positive. Fun historical fact: It was originally known as the Kottmyer ferry but was later sold to the Anderson family.
<review# 743,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2011,9/28/2012,340,494,,3,3>Oh Gaslight and your #4 best burger in Cincinnati, how you taunt me every week....Gaslight is your typical neighborhood dive bar. And it's great. There's always a game going on on one of the tv's, and no matter what day of the week there are always people in the place, just hanging out, relaxing, enjoying dinner, or beer. They're food is cheap and excellent! They have the 4th best burger in Cincy according to Cincinnati Magazine, and it shows! Personally though, I tend to lean towards their grilled chicken sandwich more. I recommend getting the waffle fries instead of the chips. Delish!You want beer? You can totally get beer! All sorts of different beers. You want a Smirnoff? Not gonna happen. (although I'd love them to carry one!) Want your beer in a nice frosted mug? Coming right up! I love the frosty mugs! It makes the beer even better in the summer with a big juicy burger. The tables are a little old school, with small benches, but its nice for a small group. They have a tin roof so you won't get cell reception inside most of the time. Except at table #8. But if I come in and see you sitting at my table we're gonna have issues ;) lolOh, and there's a parking lot behind the building, and you can either go in the back door under the awning, or through the teeny alley walkway to the front.
<review# 744,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2011,9/27/2012,58,87,1,3,3>Ollie's is the kind of place that, once you finally stop in, it quickly becomes your go-to lunch spot. It only took me two years of living nearby to go, but I am so glad that I did.While somewhat of a knock-off with it's special sauce, lettuce, cheese, and pickles, the Big Ollie Burger puts the Big Mac to shame. It's juicy, a bit sinful, and so good. The fries are also really great. They're thin, crisp, and topped with a special seasoning mix. I haven't tried most of the other sides that Ollie offers, but the macaroni and cheese is also divine. In fact, I struggle so much with the decision of fries or mac that, admittedly, I sometimes get both!The prices are also incredibly reasonable. For my husband and I, we've never spent more than $15 for the both of us to have lunch. For your convenience, Ollie's also accepts credit cards, unlike many other small restaurant spaces, and there is ample street parking nearby.Ollie's pretty much assures that I'll never fall into the fast food lunch trap again.
<review# 745,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2012,9/26/2012,73,258,2,4,4>I'm a beekeeper and I never thought of putting honey on my grilled cheese. Then again, I never really have a hankering for grilled cheese.Until I stopped here. Nothing else sounded good at Washington Park whil waiting for MacBeth to start so I thought 'why not' when I saw the word honey on the menu. That was the best 'why not' decision I've made in a long time.The Bee Sting has mozzarella, pepperoni, basil, chili butter on Tuscan Pane with honey spread throught. A unique taste but a pleasant one.My kids each took a taste and although they'd just ate some tacos they demanded their own grilled cheese from C'est Cheese. As a bonus they had Sara(h?) from Street Pops on the grill. It was nice to see her and put us in the taste for those treats.
<review# 746,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2012,9/25/2012,16,97,2,2,3>Surely one of my favorite places in the Eden Park area. First time i visited this place, i was surprised to see a rainforest in the middle of Cincinnati. The moist and cool rainforest is a miraculous shelter from the city life. Look at the plants and trees, stand near the waterfall, talk to the fishes in the small stream. The best time to be here is in Spring, when the weather is not hot. Every season they have some special events. In spring it was this Spring Floral show with intricate floral patterns, designs and decor. In Summer they had Wings of Harmony, a show with butterflies from all around the world. I am told that in winter they have a beautiful indoor train display. Being the train nut that i am, i am pumped for it. If the weather allows, the whole of Eden park is a nice day trip with lot if attactions. There are a lot of picturesque locations to take photos of. Start at Eden Park, goto Krohn, and then go on to the Arts Mueseum.Have a brunch/lunch at Rockwood.Tip: Check the weather before you go, if it is above 90, you would be sweating in no time.
<review# 747,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2012,9/24/2012,79,1047,2,5,3>A corral of food trucks in the midst of Main Street on a Friday night: what a brilliant idea! Night Owl Market (NOM) takes place during Final Fridays in the empty parking lot at Central Parkway and Main Street, right below the giant furniture store mural. Organized by two Cincinnati-loving entrepreneurs, Nadia and Sally, NOM features food trucks, food booths, and artisans, plus live music.Some of who were in attendance included: - Cafe du Wheels - Taco Azul - C'est Cheese (a new food truck debuting at NOM) - Sugar Snap (another new food truck!) - Cincinnati Bag Ladies - Fireside Pizza Wagon - Pho Lang Tang - Mary Jane Brownies - EAT! Mobile Dining - Vinnie's Gourmet Pretzels - GLSEN Photobooth - DiscoToes Shoes & AccessoriesThis event was executed flawlessly, with ample trash cans throughout the space, plenty of group-sized tables and chairs, plus most of the vendors accepted both credit cards and cash. There was a fun mix of shopping, desserts, snacks, and entrees, with a variety of tastes where no two were alike.I really enjoyed checking out the new food trucks. I usually see Taco Azul or Cafe du Wheels out and about late night, but would love to see some of the other vendors become night owls too! C'est Cheese would hit the spot after an evening out at Neon's or Japp's. Sugar Snap's root beer floats, cupcakes, and other treats could cure anyone's candy craving.What I ate:C'est Cheese: - The Bee Sting: mozzarella, pepperoni, basil, honey, and chili butter on grilled Tuscan Pane. $6.00 - Indian Curry Pickles. $2.50Sugar Snap: - Root beer float. $4.00 - Caramel Sea Salt Brownie $2.50Vinnie's Gourmet Pretzels: - Soft, warm pretzel lightly dusted with salt. $3.00Cincinnati Bag Ladies:  - Oreo cookie baked inside a chocolate chip cookie. (Yes, you read that right.) $3.00Pho Lang Tang: - Meat on a Stick $3.00Open from 10:00pm to 3:00am, guests can come and go as the please, taking time to go to their favorite Main Street watering holes then come back later for food. There's plenty going on at NOM too, so you could easily spend all night here with friends as well. If you're interested in tasting a variety of foods, I suggest coming early. Businesses were selling out of items by 1:00am.Price per item: $2.50 - $10.00Expect to spend $20.00 total to taste a variety of things. Bring cash.
<review# 748,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/16/2011,9/23/2012,89,95,1,6,3>Last year I had the opportunity to visit The 20th Century Theatre for my best friends wedding. When he told me about the venue, I asked myself "why would you have a wedding in a theatre?". Come wedding day, I arrived to see "Our love story begins, starring Natalee and Derek" on the marquee. That's a neat touch, and it's very cool. I stepped inside, and it was like I stepped back into the 1940's. The inside of the facility is beautiful. They definitely did a good job of planning the wedding. Way to go!From the wedding to the reception, this place was beautiful and the 20th Century staff did a fantastic job as I celebrated the marriage of my best friend. I'll have to check it out sometime for a concert but if you're getting married- definitely check this place out. It's neat.
<review# 749,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2010,9/22/2012,264,28,,7,1>Open since 1977, except for a few months in 1985, Myra's has been a Mecca in the city for homemade, vegetarian and vegan food. Myra Griffin, owner and founder, opened the restaurant in her townhouse in University Heights, originally because no gyros were available in the city; but nowadays, her menu has evolved to be what can be best described as global vegetarian.It's not hard to find the vegan dishes amongst the numerous menu options at Myra's, because all dishes void of animal products are underlined and if something has cheese in it, it can be omitted.Picks:Soups: A bowl of the Thai Pumpkin soup ($3.75; $1.75 for a cup) is my favorite, as well as the restaurant's top-seller. It's absolutely delicious.Sandwiches: The Falafel Sandwich ($4) with spiced garbanzo patties in pita bread garnished with tomato, onion, pickle and romaine lettuce with a tahini lemon sauce, is also a winner; filling and tangy.Gripes: The service can be very slow at Myra's and sometimes when queried about the ingredients of the menu options, the staff usually takes time consulting one another to make sure something is vegan or not. The way I look at it is, if your menu is predominately vegetarian and there are only a few vegan options, then those items shouldn't be too hard to memorize!Highlights: Much props for Myra's for being the longest-standing restaurant offering vegetarian and vegan foods. Others have come and gone, but Myra's has been the constant and that is reassuring on so many levels.Check the deli case to see which vegan desserts are available daily; typically, they have vegan mousses ($2.50) and cakes ($3.50).They have an extensive catering menu available, so that you don't have to worry about what to cook for the next vegan dinner party you'll be throwing. With dishes like Saag Tofu, Tofu Bourguignon and Vegetarian Cincinnati Chili, etc., you won't be shy of tasty vegan options. Plus, Myra's is willing to work with you to customize a menu according to your preferences.
<review# 750,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2012,9/21/2012,94,140,2,4,3>Brew River is quickly becoming one of my new favorite places.  Their beer selection is impressive and the food is delicious.  Combine that with a friendly, knowledgable staff and you have a winner!  I have tried several of their beers, as well as guest druaghts, and have yet to be disappointed.  Yay beer!  They offer beer flights so you can try any of their beers before committing to an entire glass.  To give you an idea of how good their beer is, let's just say that our table has been covered in glasses each time!Their menus are really cool looking and offer a variety of food.  I have tried their poutine and truffle mac and cheese.  Both were great and worth ordering again!  They add curry to their poutine, which was good but different than what I am used to.  Kudos to them though for having an all-beef, pork-free poutine.  I ordered the small size of the truffle mac and cheese and it was the perfect size.Brew River has a very nice patio that is ideal for a warm day.  The walls inside are decorated with old photographs of the Ohio River and Cincinnati, which is pretty cool.  The atmosphere is nice but still comfortable.  The service has generally been great, but I will say I had an odd server once.  No big deal though! We went twice in one day last weekend and our server from earlier remembered us, which made us feel welcome and appreciated.I do wish that they listed all of their guest draughts somewhere.  They list the breweries in the menu but not the actual beers.  Maybe a chalkboard inside and outside that can be easily changed as they rotate the taps?  Maybe it's just me, but I sometimes feel bad asking the server to list all of their beers on tap.  The good news is that the servers at Brew River really know all of the beers well, not even hesitating to share the lengthy list of them from memory.    I have a feeling I will be spending a lot of time at Brew River in the future and am perfectly okay with that!
<review# 751,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2010,9/20/2012,81,14,2,4,4>When people ask me about Honey I tell them each the exact same thing, and I don't believe I can say this about any other restaurant (which is why I chose Honey for my first review).  I say, "I've never put anything in my mouth at Honey that I didn't love."  You might think to yourself, "Love is a strong word," and yes, it is, and I don't use it lightly.  But I love everything about the food Honey prepares.I could eat their cajun meatloaf for dinner 5 days of the week. I could eat an entire bowl of the cherry tomatoes that come with the meatloaf; they simply melt in your mouth.  The muscles are absolutely amazing. Their salads actually taste good.  They prepare their meat dishes perfectly.  And, as a fry aficionado, and one who is not a fan of skinny fries, their honey fries (and the sauce that comes with it) are top notch.  Oh, I didn't even mention their "Honey Butter"... yes, they have their own butter. Clearly, you won't be reading anything negative about their food in this post.  If I could find a sugar momma to take me to Honey every day my life would be complete.
<review# 752,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2010,9/19/2012,125,16,3,3,4>If I were a bird, a king or a surveyor, this is where I would want to hang out. We had decided to cut out early one afternoon as we were all caught up on work and realized we needed a new view of the city. So we headed to Carew Tower.Being on a tight budget my first thought was how much is this gonna cost? I've been to the Eiffel Tower and the Empire State Building. So when I was told it cost $2, my reaction was What? Really? Only  $2 per person? Ok, let's go. Alright I may not have been that excited, but that is how I should have responded. I love discovering new places so it wasn't all that hard to find. Located on the corner of Fifth and Vine across form Fountain Square, we entered through the Vine St entrance next to Tazza MIa. There was a friendly attendant at the information counter who told us how to reach the observation deck.Take the first elevator to the 45th floor, then follow the overhead signs to catch your second elevator which felt more like a phone booth. The second elevator was cramped so if you don't like tight spaces then you might want take the four flights the rest of the way.Once you reach the top all you do is pay the lady your $2 then step out to the spectacular unobstructed views of Cincinnati and Kentucky. There is so much to see, the stadiums, the PNC & Macy's, and if you like old church style architecture there are plenty of those too.Only wish I have is that they were open a little later to see the city lit up at night. Maybe I'll head back in the winter when the sun sets earlier.
<review# 753,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2012,9/18/2012,45,137,2,2,2>I know you've been thinking, I wish someone would do something new with tacos already.  Well, your wait is over.  At the Northside International Airport (so called for the airplane seats in the entry way), you'll find yourself ordering tacos stuffed full to overflowing with duck to tofu to exotic mushrooms to Korean beef to chorizo (oh well, I guess not everything is new and inventive).  You'll find, if you order the one way or round trip, that your delicious tacos come with amazingly thick and crunchy chips with really great thick salsas.  But if you're feeling more budget conscious, you can try a single taco for less than $5!Save more money by gathering up those random ethanol containing drinks around your house and make a night of it under the stars on the back patio.  Overall, this a casual taco joint with tacos that are anything but ordinary.  I will definitely book my next flight soon.
<review# 754,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/5/2012,9/17/2012,6,52,2,2,4>I haven't reviewed anything for awhile. A new baby tends to limit your dining options, but when you can get Oma and Opa watch him for the night it's GAME ON!Great Scott has delicious food in generous portions, and a diverse rotating beer tap selection: fruity and mild to IPA. The bottle selections are extensive, but nothing that can't be found anywhere else. The wine list appeared satisfactory as well. They were featuring an Oktoberfest inspired menu that evening. I indulged in the Wurst platter which came with an absolutely massive three sausages and giant mounds of sauerkraut and mashed potatoes. I took half the meal home with me. My wife got a "side salad" the size of dinner salad, and a ham and beer cheese sandwich on pretzel bread. The sandwich was a bit messy, and you could really taste the beer in the cheese. The staff was courteous and helpful.So everything was great except for the parking. There is a parking lot, but unless you want to spend $3.00 for a valet, you'll have to find a spot on the street out front.
<review# 755,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2012,9/16/2012,54,103,2,4,2>It's no secret that Mount Carmel Brewing makes some solid beers, but did you know you can pop in on Saturdays for free tours?  My friend Jon and I decided to stop in one Saturday and take a tour.  We were greeted by owner Mike Dewey, who started the brewery right there in the circa 1924 farm house.  He told of us there was a group of guys coming in for a tour in the next half hour, so we just talked homebrewing and beer in general with him until they showed up.  That way he could just give everyone a tour at once.  Once everyone arrived, he gave us a nice long tour of the brewery, being sure to explain every bit of the process, especially since the others there for the tour weren't homebrewers.  Unfortunately, due to Ohio law, he could not offer us tastings (fortunately, that law was just changed and will be enacted soon), but they do have beer on site that you can purchase from their gift shop (along with shirts, glasses, and other items).  Mount Carmel Brewing is a family affair, and Mike's lovely wife Kathleen and their kids were on hand to help with our purchases.  I picked up a mixed six pack and a growler of the Cincinnati Beer Week Barleywine, which was made at Mount Carmel in collaboration with other local breweries.  Their gift shop is also open on weekdays, but they usually only do tours on Saturdays, unless you call them and schedule one for a weekday.  If you enjoy Mount Carmel beer, stop by for a Saturday tour.  They're the nicest people you will meet, and once they can allow tastings, that will just make a great tour even better!
<review# 756,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2012,9/15/2012,20,109,3,6,1>As residents of the city, we always said it would take a lot for any pizza place to replace our devotion to Newport Pizza. We've always loved the vibe there, the staff usually friendly and accommodating. However, we may have to start splitting our loyalties. Sorry Newport Pizza but there's a new kid in town and he's threatening your dominance!We stopped by Strong's on the off chance, returning home from a lengthy walk. The open sign beckoned us in like a big flashy beckoning thing and it took the front staff mere seconds to find us a table in their comfortable dining room.Our server was fantastic, walking us through their offerings with aplomb and fully understanding my wife's vegetarian requirements. We weren't quite hungry enough for a pizza each so we asked if they did a "half & half" and could ensure meat/juices would not cross the divide. He said they could bake the pizza with a separator to guarantee a lack of any 'contamination' which was exactly the answer we needed to hear!So, wifey (naturally) chose their "Veggie" for her half whilst I decided to go for the "Cosentino" for mine. If looks are everything the pizza looked 'everything' when it was delivered to our table just a few minutes later. It smelled delicious too, and was perfectly halved just as the server had promised, nothing having jumped ship.Truth be told, we should've ordered a pizza EACH! Yep, THAT tasty. My wife immediately declared her choice to be very fine indeed, the crust perfectly crisp and the right side of chewy. Mine was the same, the combo of peppers, plum tomato sauce, mozzarella, sausage and garlic proving to be magnificently flavorful. If I have a slight complaint it's that the amount of sausage was a little on the skimpy side and, well let's face it, almost everything tastes better with more garlic!We left with a very positive first experience, agreeing we'll be back very soon. My wife is eager to try the "3 Cheese Pizza" whilst I'm of a mind to dig my teeth into the "Pizza Alla Vodka" because... well, it comes with a cream vodka sauce! So, that's now TWO awesome independent pizza joints within easy walking/waddling distance of our home... proof perhaps that there IS a higher power?!Out-of-towners (without local walking privileges) may care to know that Strong's have shaken hands on a deal with the Atlas Dry Cleaners next door, whereby pizza customers can use Atlas' sizeable car park after 6pm at night. I think that'll make all the difference to this place, on-street parking (especially when it's stupidly metered by the City of Newport) often proving to be a deterrent for many drivers.A top notch recommendation!
<review# 757,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2012,9/14/2012,21,21,2,4,2>Aaaaaaaand, I've found a new vet!Long story short, I web md'd my cat and freaked myself out. He hadn't eaten anything or drank anything in days and was vomiting profusely. When it turned to foam/spit...I freaked. Called our regular vet as soon as they opened this morning and not only were they rude, they refused to see Leroy Brown( my feline friend) and said that I should call the emergency vet if I was that concerned. Needless to say, I hung up and got straight on yelp! Enter...Dr.Bob!He actually answered the phone, listened to me and said that even though they swamped to bring Leroy in right away. What!?! This guy is amazing! Parking was a breeze, walked in and Dr.Bob greeted us. Took us back to an exam room and got to it.  He was so great with my cat, gentle and compassionate. Some talking, questions and an x ray later we had a plan of action for a stubborn stuck hairball and I was heading out the door. My bill was also considerably lower than I've paid other places for much less. The girl that works the front and assists the Dr is a total sweetheart too.  Are these people real?!? Just walked in the door, got my sick buddy comfy and came straight to the computer to review. Seriously, Dr.Bob is good people and a great vet. We've found a new place!!
<review# 758,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2012,9/13/2012,55,175,,5,2>Wow, all of this ice cream is essentially home made. I asked the owner the back story about how Hello Honey came to be and learned that she basically fell into it. She was making ice cream for friends and family and kept hearing people tell her to start a business. She and her husband were looking to work together and decided to go for it! Out came a beautiful gourmet ice cream boutique. The big selling point for me is that the flavors are incredibly unique. I got the impression that the owner creates the recipes herself. The staff is more than willing to let you try different ones before you make your final selection. I chose salted caramel and was in heaven!I highly recommend stopping in and experiencing something you can't get any where else!
<review# 759,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2012,9/12/2012,43,98,2,3,3>In the corner of a parking sits a trailer that hasn't moved in years. Smoke billows out the grills, while you contemplate on what to order. This is my new fav BBQ place in Cincy, even if the sides weren't all the great.So its the day after boys night out, which means new restaurant day! I'm still in my happy place from all that delicious food. I ordered the half chicken plate while Ken got the Chopped Pork sandwich. Both come with 2 sides. Mine was $7.50 and Ken's was $5.50. Great prices, but do the meals deliver? YESMy half chicken was the size of a small turkey. It came fresh from the grill and was topped with my choice of mild or hot BBQ sauce. I have been in cincy a while and have tried many BBQ places. This has to be the best Hot sauce hands down! The chicken just fell off the bone and was so moist and flavorful. For my sides i got greens and mac and cheese. My greens were pretty bland and my mac and cheese was cold.Ken's pulled pork was piled high with meat and sauce. He said that next time he will ask for sauce on the side. The pork itself was excellent, he ordered the mild which had a bit of kick to it, but not as sweet as you would expect. For his sides Ken ordered candy yams and green beans. Both of which had great flavor, but were served cold. The do make homemade deserts here, but there was no way to even finish out meals. It was just so much food, for such a great price, and it tasted great! They also serve pork/beef ribs and a variety of fried fish. I'm going for the perch next time. There is no seating area, so bring your truck, a chair, or do like we did and just sit on the curb.
<review# 760,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2012,9/11/2012,122,14,2,5,2>Finally stopped by this new food truck parked on Fountain Square. After reading about it online, I had to give it a try. Boy am I glad I did!The menu differs from other Cincy food truck fare - you won't find tacos or burgers. Instead, there are salads, sandwiches, and even scallops! Yup. Plunk down your 3.50 for a tender, flavorful scallop. It's definitely worth the splurge.I also tried the paneer sandwich with chutney and greens on multigrain bread. It was filling but still light enough fare that I didn't crash at my desk after lunch.There are mix and match pasta as well as a yummy sounding Thanksgiving Leftovers sandwich that the chef said was really popular. The chef and his helper were very friendly and chatted with me while they prepped my meal.I imagine that this might not be as fast as Chipotle or other lunch spots, but if you have the time, check it out. They also roam around Northside and OTR during late-night hours. Win!
<review# 761,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2012,9/10/2012,74,158,2,4,3>Wine tasting at Whole Foods at Rookwood Commons used to be a weekly staple for my friends and I. Then it got super-crowded and we stopped going. A few weeks ago, shortly after returning from a few days spent in Napa, I was craving wine. And I wanted to try something new. A friend suggested Oakley Wines. I'm so incredibly grateful she did!Oakley Wines is probably the most barebones, laid-back wine store I've ever seen. The fact that they didn't spend extra money on fancy shelving or a register or counter means that they've been able to keep their wine costs down! This I like :) As far as wine tastings go, this is probably one of the best. If you get there early there are very few people (the first time we got there around 6.) You get to taste 6 wines for $5. You also get an education about the wine you are tasting. The two times I've been there there has been a theme: French wines the first time and Spanish wines the second. Also 3 whites and 3 reds: something to please everyone. And the best part: all wines in the store (with the exception of a very small rack of about 8 different wines) is under $20, with several bottles of good wine under $10. Many of their wines are directly imported from all over the world. The bottles are simply resting atop their cases all over the floor, with price signs beside them. I felt at home here - no snobby pretentious win-os here!
<review# 762,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2012,9/9/2012,48,167,5,5,3>Hello.  My name is Trisha and I am a non-recovering Boca-holic.  That's right, I have no intention of recovering.  Ever.  Front door valet service, nice.  Welcoming entrance with multiple greeters, nice!  Immediate seating and pink champagne pouring before I could get settled in my seat.  NICE!!I opened the menu, which I had been viewing online up until the day before.  I had items in mind I wanted to try and I did!  So, here we go...  FIRST COURSE: Wood Fired Lemons.  Grilled bread with pulled Buffalo Mozzarella in olive oil.  The garlic and smoke flavors came together so well and their Sommelier paired it PERFECTLY so the flavors came through the wine and did not cover it.  Thank you!!SECOND COURSE:  Boca Caesar.  A grilled Caesar Salad?  OH YES!  It was the most wonderfully warming sensation that started in my mouth and made its way through my body to my toes.  It was the best Caesar Salad (or any salad for that matter) I've ever had.  YES!  YES!!  YES!!!  More please.THIRD COURSE:  Seared Day Boat Sea Scallop with Brussel Sprouts.  When you read how wonderful the SECOND COURSE was, did you think it could possibly get better?  Well, I tell you it did.  I almost cried it was so good.  Senses were tingling, emotions were racing and tears were welling.  A feeling like that just deserves to sit back and enjoy as long as possible.  I was nearly like Meg Ryan in 'When Harry Met Sally'.  Whew...moving on.FOURTH COURSE:  Now as I mentioned earlier, I had studied the menu online and had my heart set on the pork dinner, however that dish was removed from the menu that same day.  But, I wasn't broken hearted for long since Chef Jeremy gladly offered to create a personally prepared pork dinner just for me.  Wow!!  It was MARVELOUS!!  This pork chop was de-boned and sliced for my convenience.  It was prepared in such a way that it was like butter.  Those scrumptious slices sat atop a layer of mashed potatoes and a sweet vegetable mix with a drizzle of magical pork sauce.  Oh my.  As you can imagine, my senses felt like they had been through the ringer at this point.  I was nearly spent, but wait, there's more!!DESSERT:  Baklava Gelato!  It was like eating an ice cold piece of Baklava.  IMPRESSIVE.  I also tried the Chocolate Pot de Creme.  Actually, it WAS my husband's dessert, but I stole it.  After a 3 hour whirlwind of fabulous service, food, wine and my 'When Harry Met Sally' scenes, we were done.  Thank you to all and I can't wait to come back again!!!!!  AGAIN AND AGAIN AND AGAIN!
<review# 763,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2012,9/8/2012,72,56,,5,3>Ahh, Betty Bar.  My weekend now starts on Wednesday thanks to Mick and Jerry and his Betty Bar.  Yes, that friendly face under the straw hat is both Mick and Jerry, he answers to both, or either.  Unfortunately, this is not a place that you can just pop into anytime you feel the urge; Betty opens at 5:00 PM on Wednesday & Thursday (and starting on Fridays in July) and is about new experiences.  Tastings are offered for wine (4 tastes for $8), beer (4 tastes for $5) and liquor (bourbon, scotch, whiskey, vodka, 3 tastes for $10).  Wine can also be purchased by the glass ($5) or bottle.  There are no taps here, but a good selection of beer is available by the bottle, with prices varying by the beer.  This is not a craft cocktail bar and mixers are limited, so this is not the place to come for your Martini or Old Fashioned fix.The location may be a little confusing; Betty occupies the loft space above the Mainstay Rock Bar on the corner of 5th and Plum and is a work in progress.  It does not have an exclusive entrance, but is accessed via a stairway at the back of Mainstay.  Once up those stairs, you enter a whole different world.  Hardwood floors, huge cantilever windows on the north and east sides and a high ceiling give it an open, airy feel.  Comfortable chairs and upholstered benches offer options for group or intimate seating, or pull up a stool at the beautiful polished bar and listen to Mick/Jerry wax poetic about your tasting options while live music from a variety of artists provides a backdrop for conversation.As I mentioned earlier, this is a work in progress; it started with wine tastings, then cheese was added, then other appetizer type items changing on a weekly basis and beer and liquor tastings were added to the line up.  Things really picked up at the end of May, with the addition of a beautiful Baldwin studio piano, giving Betty a voice.  Recently an antique Victrola record player was added.  More physical improvements are also being discussed along with a more extensive menu.The future looks bright for another unique little spot, just on the edge of downtown.  This review is a 4 star now, but as Betty continues to mature and find herself, I see a 5 in her future.Is it Wednesday yet?
<review# 764,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2012,9/7/2012,336,296,,4,3>If I could give them more than 5 stars, I would.  They are now on the top of my list of favorite places to go for steak.  Their Filet Mignon with Bearnaise and Au-gratin Potatoes were perfect.  They melt in your mouth divinely.  I've never even seen Au-gratin potatoes so perfectly layered with soft, cheesy, lightly browned on top goodness.  Usually they are slightly hard and messy at other places (well, they are at my home anyway). The place was so relaxing outside on the patio.  With a cosmo in hand, green trees all around (you would never know the congestion on the other side of those trees), beautiful flowers and perfect temperatures.  Even the ladies room was nice.  I always love when there is plenty of room to turn around in the stall and not fall on the seat before you're ready (I know, I could have left this out, but I'm a real reviewer).Our server Peg was very polished and "in the know" of the best things to order.  She took great care of us and was very pleasant to talk to.Our compliments again to the Chef, we have now found our new Anniversary spot.
<review# 765,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2012,9/6/2012,44,227,5,1,1>Oh man, I don't have kids...but this place makes my uterus ache and my heart soar, with all its cuteness. In part because I do someday want to have kids (and I am still naive enough to believe I'll be able to provide such an enriched and warm environment to my kids in all our free time-I'm aware enough to know it's not all so glamorous); this is how I imagine those moments working out. Fantasy aside and even without kids, this place is magical. Seeing the families reading, exploring, playing with chalk, looking at the exploration tables, etc. is really heart warming. The walls in the store are burlap with art and signatures strewn about. There is some awesome knit bombing by the faux fireplace, which is beyond charming. And...there are books everywhere. I'm also a sucker for books, you can see how this place calls to me. To top it all off (as if all of the above weren't charming enough), the attached cafe provided me a hearty, simple, but delicious meal. I had a toasted bagel with cream cheese (takes me back somehow) and a honey pot smoothy. I mean, it was like I had been transported into Pooh's forest or something. Perhaps the stories were taking me back as I waited on my order. Good, healthy, quality food. Couldn't ask for more there. The coffee smelled delicious and their menu is written in beyond hip (if you're a kid) colored letters. The blue manatee inspiration is everywhere. The bathrooms are even fun, with an adorable mural in the mini sized chair room, and then old book posters inside. I had such a nice and heartwarming time here that I've thought about going back already. Sans kids, I don't know how often I can actually do that, but it's a fun place to dream (of someday kids), explore the memories or reading and see what new is out there, to feel refreshed that kids are still being stimulated and nurtured, and to feel full of good food and safe. This. is. priceless. As a final note, and not to diminish this actual, real-life feeling of this store, but the scene in 'You've Got Mail' with The Shop Around the Corner felt in the movie as this does in real life. Real life is better, if by default- of course, and I share the comparison with an intention of flattery, not hyped-Hollywood. When I have kids, even if I'm not living here, I'd feel honored to have them spend some time in the Blue Manatee Bookstore/Cafe. Well done!
<review# 766,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2012,9/5/2012,17,9,,2,3>A Northside neighborhood gem. This place rocks with its $7.75 dog-n-draft special Tue-Thurs. from 4pm - 8pm. Not just any hot dog. Build your own hot dogs, including gourmet hot dogs like goetta hot dogs and chorizo hot dogs on homemade pretzel buns. Yum. I favor the El Ricardo - a chorizo dog, with black bean salsa, cheese, topped with a fried egg. I love anything with  a fried egg on top. They've also got plenty of non-dog choices like Mac-n-cheese, and pull pork sandwiches that I recently tried and would highly recommend. As far as drinks, they keep their tap selection interesting carrying seasonal microbrews.Aside from the food, May Day always has something different going on throughout the week that I have enjoyed partaking in i.e. Tuesday Trivia nights, live music, and dance parties. etc. There's also an outdoor patio on two levels as well to enjoy some brews when the weather is nice. This place is an unpretentious dive with good food and entertainment that is one of the reasons why I love living in Northside.
<review# 767,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2008,9/4/2012,235,393,,3,4>Music Hall is one of the most beautiful architectural structures in the City of Cincinnati. It was built in 1878 near what used to be the main canal in Over-the-Rhine. Back in the day, the stage's audience floor was actually water and patrons could pull their boats right in to listen to the music! Now Music Hall is home to the Cincinnati Opera, the Cincinnati Symphony Orchestra, the Cincinnati May Festival Chorus, and the May Festival Youth Chorus. The stage is managed by the International Alliance of Theatrical Stage Employees Union Local no. 5. All year round, there is something happening here! The Cincinnati Symphony operates from Fall to Spring and the Opera takes over during the summer. The May Festival Chorus sings with the symphony during the year but then the last 2 weekends in May is a choral marathon that is the May Festival. I grew up hanging out in Music Hall as my mother has sung in the chorus for almost 30 years. When you are bored and have access to this building, you really can learn your way around it. When I was in high school I spent four years singing with the Youth Chorus and had the privilege of being on that stage. The lobby is the second most beautiful room next to the symphony hall. It has black and white checkered floors with marble accents and a circular balcony that is centered with a gorgeous chandelier. My parents were married on that balcony. The local public radio station made a documentary about Music Hall and it's history a few years ago. In the documentary is a picture of my parent's wedding and an interview with my mother! You can obtain a copy through the local PBS station.
<review# 768,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2011,9/3/2012,24,49,,5,4>This is truly a gem of Cincinnati. I'm relatively new to tea drinking, and actually split my first full pot ever with a friend who introduced me to Essencha. They are so knowledgeable and patient with you, taking the time to really match you with your tea and tell you all about the plant, health benefits and anything else they may know--which is seemingly endless!Not only do they have fantastic service and great tea but their food is great as well! I love their turkey sandwich with a small cut of fresh, crisp fruit--a perfect pairing with a delicious white tea!The atmosphere is also wonderful and it's a place you can come for a quick cup or linger with friends and steep and re-steep. Easy to get to and even easier parking with lots of places to walk to after you finish that pot you share with a friend.
<review# 769,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2011,9/2/2012,13,11,2,6,3>I'm so pleased to see that this place has 5 stars on every review. It seriously is as good as it gets!I work a block or so away from Findlay Market, and I would eat at Bouchard's multiple times a week if I didn't try very very hard to exercise self control. This is an awesome, awesome choice for lunch. Your food comes quickly, even when there are lots of people waiting during the week. It's a simple enough process - you fill out a slip of paper on the counter: choose from pasta or a flatbread (both are good, but the flatbread is literally one of my favorite things ever). Then you check off what you want as far as sauce, cheese, veggies or meat! Write your name, leave it on the counter, walk around the market for 5-10 minutes and when you come back it's ready!The food is not only COMPLETELY delicious, but the portions are also massive and, get this, it's only $7 for both the pasta and flatbread, regardless of the toppings you choose! It's a triple threat: convenient, delish, and entirely affordable. You can't beat it. I can't stress it enough - you MUST try this place.
<review# 770,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2012,9/1/2012,73,57,2,3,3>Shadeau Breads is quite a unique business for Cincinnati, let alone OtR. Artisan bakeries are pretty rare and we are lucky to have one so accessible. Many local restaurants source their baked goods from Shadeau and hold that as a point of pride.Shadeau bakes bread 6 nights a week and is open early till mid afternoon for retail sales of said bread. Closed on Sundays. Several of types including white, whole wheat and rye meet most needs. Additionally, a variety of pastries are available for breakfast and snacks. Prices are very reasonable. Maybe cheap, even. The bread is always very flavorful and incredibly fresh and well worth the special trip for your needs. During different seasons, specialty items are available including sandwiches or filled croissants, but the availability is highly variable. Bread can also be pre-ordered for regular pickup.The staff is generally very friendly and will wrap all purchases for transport. The owner, Bill, is generally onsite baking or running the shop.Cincinnati benefits from having many craft creators of quality foodstuffs throughout the region. Findlay Market is known for many of these, but not too far away is a 1,000 square feet of artisan bread baking for retail & commercial needs. You will not be disappointed in Shadeau Breads.
<review# 771,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2011,8/31/2012,76,144,2,3,3>Stricker's Grove is a family-owned small amusement park and picnic grove in Crosby Twp, in the western reaches of Hamilton County, outside Cincinnati.  Considering the presence of Kings Island and the downsized yet very alive Coney Island, Stricker's remains somewhat obscure, even to the locals.  Different than the other larger, more commercial amusement facilities, Stricker's is primarily a private facility that is rented out by companies, unions, organizations, and the like.  However, there are usually four days a year that they are open: July 4, the second Sunday in August, Labor Day in September, and a Sunday in October.There is a good assortment of flat rides you expect to see at a classic amusement park, as well as two wooden roller coasters.  One is the adult-sized Tornado: small in today's standards, but still a good deal of fun.  There's also the Teddy Bear, a junior-sized woodie based upon the one once found long ago at Coney Island.  A train ride encircles the perimeter of the facility, giving a nice, scenic ride.  Many of the people who run the rides, I believe, are a step up from your traveling carnies- these are down home, friendly, family people you see.There is a large picnic shelter as well as many tree-lined picnic tables that make up the grove section.  You can bring your own picnic food, or order grilled food- delicious and affordable!  On the public days (excluding the 4th of July), soft drinks are free.  There are also games of skill, an arcade, and a miniature golf course, too.I have to admit it's not the most charming place, and the restrooms seem to be dirty when I've been, but in this day and age, Stricker's is unusual, and that what makes it worthwhile, for an afternoon/evening of family fun!
<review# 772,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2012,8/30/2012,60,98,2,2,5>The night I went to Gordo's, my friends and I were their only customers. This makes me a bit sad, because their food was delicious and their service was excellent. Granted, the service better have been outstanding, given we were the sole occupied table. Thankfully, the server definitely made us feel welcome. My friends had been there a few days earlier and just HAD to go back, which is always a good sign. One of them declared upon arrival, "I don't need the menu, I'm getting the PB&J Burger." Intrigued, I decided on the same, though looking at the rest of the menu, I definitely want to try some of their other bizarre burger concoctions. I cannot recall much of what their other offerings entailed, but the one that involved chocolate sounded particularly intriguing. So, the verdict on the PB&J Burger. It has a fried banana on it, which was the only part that sounded iffy to me, but I was wrong, and I happily admit that: it was amazing. The burger could have used both more peanut butter and jelly, but I expect that if you ask them to make it extra sloppy, they would absolutely comply. I'm going to ask for it that way on my next visit to the area.Their fries were good, but I preferred their chips (which they offer with BBQ dipping sauce, yum!) Incidentally, they'll bring BBQ dipping sauce for the fries if you ask for it. Also a great attraction to this restaurant: craft beer on tap. Pro-tip: if you're making a trip to Jungle Jim's, go to Gordo's first, eat until you're fit to burst, and then walk it off at the Jungle, which is just around the corner. That way, you're not grocery shopping hungry, and you work off some excessive calories. Double plus win!
<review# 773,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2012,8/29/2012,133,116,4,4,4>I feel like if you need to take an out-of-towner to a spot in Over-the-Rhine, this would be the place to do it. It captures the essence of OTR completely. It's got the rising number of people wanting to get in, the quality of product being served, and the swag of the developing OTR community.Senate is hard to get into. It is one of those places that when they say two hour wait, they mean two hour wait. This produces a dilemma because the food is worth the wait, I know that, but it may scare away first timers. The best thing to do if you want to eat here is either come right at open or put you name in and go sit somewhere around town for a drink while you wait (I recommend Lavomatic, they are the biggest of the places around and are rarely filled to capacity). When the hostess calls you and says that your table (or bar area) is ready it is a feeling like no other. Since they can seat so few you really should enjoy your experience here if you get the chance. And it is that exactly, an experience.The trending food item here and rightfully so is the Poutine. If you don't start with an order of Poutine at Senate then you are doing it wrong. That's not just me saying this. It's a fact (you must also get the poached egg on top). After the poutine, it is fair game at what you order. They are known for their hot dogs and they are always interestingly thought out. These aren't you ballpark hot dogs either, although at one point I think they did serve a hot dog called "ballpark" but I digress. Other dogs include things like the Trailer Park which they describe as "bacon wrapped beef hotdog, american cheese, coleslaw, crushed grippos & brioche bun". This is the one that I jumped at and ordered and thank god I did because YUM! Who would have thought that you could make a hot dog so good? Other neat concoctions include the Lindsay Lohan, Hello Kitty 2.0, and Korean (yes, sporting kimchi).Besides the Hot Dogs and Poutine they have a lot of other choices. They have plates that include scallops and rib-eye and other starters with some neat salad options, mussels, and even crispy pig-tails. The prices are reasonable considering the quality ingredients being used. Normally you wouldn't think 9-10 dollars for a hot dog is considered reasonable but when you get braised short rib on you dog, you entered a whole nother' level.While the food, atmosphere, and execution of Senate is a five star experience with no questions needed, the wait unfortunately had to drive it down 1 star. I know this is only a product of their popularity and awesomeness, but I have to do it. Maybe one day they will move into a bigger building or open up a sister store, but until then 4 stars (really honestly 4 and 1/2) is nothing to be ashamed of.
<review# 774,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2012,8/28/2012,204,335,,3,3>Outstanding. The co-founder of MPMF Bill Donabedian started this festival. It's been in the planning stages for 2 years. TONS of food and beverage vendors - 6 stages and eco-market, a craft beer market, pizza truck, taste of belgium, dogo gelato.....these are some of the highlights.The main acts were Jane's Addiction and they just put on an awesome show. Weezer was Saturday and Deathcab was Sunday. Lots of locals peppered in with Bright Light Social Hour, Margot and the Nuclar So & So's.Techbury with charging stations, FREE water, prices were kept low. The staff, lead volunteers and volunteers were treated extremely well.....The ONLY complaint was ShowClix had some serious tech issues with selling the tickets. The festival went off smoothly with no major security incidents.Honestly, an outstanding festival in Cincinnati that garnered positive reviews in the industry, amongst the acts and brought in a ton of people.Well done. Hope to be volunteering for many years to come.
<review# 775,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2011,8/27/2012,189,158,2,3,2>I can't imagine there is a better spice shop anywhere on the planet. Because they don't have our secret weapon: Colonel De.De is...a wonder. He is a master, and he knows everything. Sometimes I wander in there (I don't recommend this on the weekend--if you are lost in the spice world, go on a weekday). And I say, with a glazed look, "I need something...fish, I just bought fish, what do I do?" And De will show you 17 different ways to spice up the fish. If you listen to any of the really great chefs or mixologists here in Cincy, you will hear them all talk about how that is where they get their spices. It really does make a difference, folks!Go there and let them educate you. They will let you smell all the wonderful spices as they try to teach you the differences. As De says, "If you ain't sneezin', you ain't workin'! "
<review# 776,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2012,8/26/2012,94,65,,4,2>I live next door to this brewery and finally stopped in over the weekend to test some beer. I had met the two owners in passing as we share a backyard area and can always smell when they are brewing. These guys are just as nice as they get. When I stopped in, Mike was manning the beer cave. They were running a growler special, so of course I indulged. He let me try out their different brews first. I am a girly beer drinker, so I really liked the Summer Wheat and the Red October. They have a couple of other options and are always trying out new brews. Mike showed me around the 'brewery' (it's a small operation and they brew in pretty small batches). The place was nice and clean. You can tell that this is what these two guys love to do. They put a lot of effort into getting their recipes just right and are happy to answer any questions you may have.Coming from a family that brewed beer much akin to these guys, I was impressed and am happy to support a very local business! You can stop in their storefront to pick up a growler or grab yourself a cold glass at local bars like Cock 'N Bull, Virgil's, Molly Malone's, and more. Definitely give them a call before heading down to their storefront, just to make sure they're in.
<review# 777,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2012,8/25/2012,60,99,4,3,4>"California knows how to party!" - TuPac Though TuPac was not talking about California, Ohio in his hit "California Love" he certainly could have been if he had visited Peddlers Flea Mkt. Peddlers Flea Mkt is a salt of the earth type of place. The kind of place where people come to sell in order to get their next fix or to get money to pay rent on their doublewide. On Saturday's there are outside vendors and boy can you get a deal. Stacks on stacks of DVD's for a $1 each and an assortment of everything you need and don't need from clothing to ramen noodles to vintage comic books. I would advise bringing a bottle of sanitizer with you as you have no idea where the items were before they ended up at Peddlers.A flea market that reminds me of the flea markets of my younger years. Good old used stuff, and not just tables of crap imported from China.I will be back and perhaps set up a booth some time!
<review# 778,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/12/2011,8/24/2012,24,139,,2,2>What a wonderfully amazing store! After deciding to try and do as much of my holiday shopping in local stores as possible this year, I decided to head down to Mt. Lookout and The Dust Jacket and I am very happy I did so. Not only did I have a fun time looking through the thousands of books that The Dust Jacket has to offer, I found presents for multiple people on my list.Located right off the square, The Dust Jacket specializes in rare and collectible books. That being said, this is not a book store for the casual reader. The books here are old, full of character, and last but not least, on the more expensive side. However, if you appreciate the history that comes with a book published a hundred years ago, this place is for you.On top of their excellent selection of books, The Dust Jacket is also complimented by its more than friendly owner whom is more than willing to help you find what you are looking for as well as talk about literature, history, and anything else you could think of. Next time you are in the market for a good book, give The Dust Jacket a try!
<review# 779,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2012,8/23/2012,24,59,1,3,4>!!IMPORTANT!!I don't knit. I don't care to knit. I barely like knitted Items.That all being said, this has to be the greatest knitting store in existence. I can't imagine any knitting enthusiast being disappointed in what Knit On! has to offer. They seemed to have everything under the sun one would need to create any homemade delight. With prices ranging from cheap to why would anyone pay that much for yarn everyone will be able to get what they are looking for.My wife had little trouble in finding the supplies she needed and was only to happy to accomplish this all with the stellar service the staff offered. The best part? its right next to Dixie Chili, sunday afternoon accomplished! Knit On! if you must.
<review# 780,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2012,8/22/2012,16,7,,1,1>This place has the best Thai curry that I've found in Cincinnati -- and I've tried a lot of Cincy Thai restaurants!  Like most Cincinnati Thai restaurants, they have odd ingredients like broccoli and too-sweet carrots in their curry, but once you have them take those out, the curry is very reminiscent of what I used to get back in NYC.  If they could match NYC flavor, I'd give them 5 stars. I also think they have some of the best specialty roll sushi in Cincinnati as well.  With great sushi and curry, Wild Ginger has become one of my top 3 go-to takeout places.
<review# 781,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2012,8/21/2012,20,99,1,2,2>Living within a few blocks from the CSC, I've always felt a bit bad about not checking it out. Surely I'm more cultured than that, right? So I discovered they were putting on The Hound of the Baskervilles and tried to organize a day with my friends. Given that there was a week left, I failed. A few days later I decided to go, anyway, but they'd sold out by then.Fortunately I happened to walk by this morning 20 minutes before showtime. I decided to see if any tickets were left available, and was told to wait and I could likely be accomodated. They came through, and I ended up with two wonderful seats (I'd argue the two best in the house, though there are no bad seats.) I'm very appreciative to the gracious host that assisted us.The play was a delight. The actors were a delight. Everything was a delight. They can consider me a fan. I won't miss another production - it's well worth the two hours I gave them. A true gem in the city. Perhaps I shouldn't judge them on one production, but it truly was that good (though, to the guy walking out complaining that this farcical production was an insult to the good Sir Arthur Conan Doyle - let me respectfully disagree. This was fantastic.)
<review# 782,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2012,8/20/2012,20,11,,5,2>I had the pleasure of dining at Orchids recently with two girlfriends.  We were there midweek and it was pretty quiet.  Service was perfect, attentive but not obtrusive. The food was simply outstanding!  Two of us did the chef's tasting menu while our friend ordered from the regular menu.  Since she was having three courses to our five, the chef sent out extra nibbles for her as well. First came freshly baked bread with three spreads: Plugra butter, olive oil infused with garlic and anchovies and a piquillo pepper pesto. Then an amuse... a tempura squash blossom filled with fresh mozzarella garnished with peach coulis. Sublime.  The cheese was exceptionally smooth and creamy. Next were the first course items: blue cheese beignets, lobster salad and a sweet corn soup. They were all fabulous and the corn soup had me wanting to lick the bowl.  Since Orchids is not a lick your bowl kinda place I restrained myself but it was a challenge! Second course brought green garlic tortellini, soft shell crab and an heirloom tomato and mozzarella balloon.  All delicious and who knew you could make a balloon out of cheese?Then came the third course: rabbit three ways, and crispy ricotta with eggplant and harissa.  The ricotta dish was creamy and spicy, yum!Entrees up next: roast chicken and lamb.  I'm not usually a fan of lamb but this was so perfectly prepared it was outstanding.Finally there was dessert from pastry chef Megan Ketover.  A plateful of goodness, including chocolate pave, apricot sorbet, macadamia tuille and a fromage blanc on Kentucky bourbon sorghum cake that was unbelievable!But wait, there's more (she says in her best Ronco voice)... a plate of macarons and chocolate buckeyes to accompany the check.  This was one bill we were happy to pay.  Then we were politely rolled (as we were too full to walk) out to the valet to retrieve our car.    Pricey and worth every penny.  Hope to come back sometime very soon!(see photos for more delicious food details)
<review# 783,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2012,8/19/2012,39,14,,2,1>After a recent trip kayaking in the Florida Keys I fell in love! So I couldn't wait to purchase my own boat. At first I wasn't exactly sure what I wanted. It was so nice to be able to test out three different boats and to get the expertise of the shop owner. He did a great job comparing the benefits of each. He spent hours with us and asked great questions to help outfit us with a great boat, paddle, pfds - which are awesome btw, and a great roof rack system that will be perfect for our car. I really appreciated all of his help. He wasn't pushy and was super helpful. I couldn't be more happy with my purchases. They also offered a great class yesterday to their customers who recently bought boats. It was a 5 hour class with a really great teacher they brought in. The class was a blast and I learned a ton of new techniques that are super useful. We did the techniques in our own boats (or you could test out more of their boats) and spent most of the time in the water practicing. This was very valuable for me! This shop is a wonderful resource and I am so happy with my purchases. Support great local businesses and you will love your purchases too! :)
<review# 784,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2012,8/18/2012,50,23,2,2,2>After driving around aimlessly looking for something decent to eat late at night, my friend announced we were going to Terry's. He said it was a burger place. I was a little skeptical because I'm not really a burger person. But he assured me I would like it. So we called up a couple other buddies of ours and we all headed over. Terry's Turf Club is probably the most eccentric looking place I've seen here in Cincinnati. It sort of reminds me of some of the local places I've visited near the beach in North Carolina. I'm not even sure why it reminded me of the beach, it just did. We ordered- I got a chicken burger with roasted red pepper and goat cheese..and got lots of grief from the guys, who told me if I didn't order an actual burger I would have to move to another table and sit by myself. It's not a very big place but it didn't feel overcrowded even though it was pretty much packed. Which was probably why it took about an hour to get our order. I didn't really mind because we were all just sitting around talking. My burger was really good, it was a lot of food though so I didn't quite finish everything. It's a super casual place, and served on paper plates. I'm not sure if that's  something they do all the time..not that it bothers me.. I guess it cuts down on someone having to do dishes.  I heard the filet mignon chili is awesome so maybe I'll try that next time.
<review# 785,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2012,8/17/2012,61,86,3,5,4>How have I lived in Northside for almost a year and not known about this wonderful little ice cream stand? SOFT SERVE ICE CREAM! JF Dairy Corner isn't much to look at. Its basically a shack on the corner of Blue Rock and Colerain. The ice cream is delicious though and the prices are even more appealing.While they serve just plain chocolate or vanilla soft serve, you can get them flavored with syrups like German chocolate cake, blueberry, or peanut butter as well (at no extra charge). I think there's around 25 flavors total. A small cone only sets you back 1.25  and is a tower of soft serve. They also serve popsicles (all the old classics you used to buy from the ice cream truck), shaved ice, and even hot dogs and french fries.Every time I've been here the same adorable old man has been working. He's a real card and makes the experience that much more delightful. Be warned he will "charge" you $500 for a cone every time and then laugh hysterically.While I live across the street from UDF I will be walking down the block to J F Dairy Corner for all of my ice cream needs from here on out! It's cheaper, tastier, and has WAY more character.
<review# 786,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2012,8/16/2012,210,324,3,8,4>Finally...  Mexican food is starting to come around in this town! Let's start with My 3... 4... ok 5 favorite things about this place.  1.  Best Chorizo I've had in cincinnati so far, not too greasy, spicy, and tons of flavor.2. The Torta, while not on authentic bread, was far larger than I'm used to, and still delicious, they grill the bread with mayo on it, to give it a great flavor. the Milanesa (our version of country fried) and Carnitas were both good, and yes, I doubled up on my meat and you can too!3.  The salsa bar, we could have filled up on chips and salsas here were almost all excellent.ooooh! 4.  Their refried beans ALMOST reminded me of home, they were not runny and light colored like most other places, theirs were darker and creamier than anything I've had here.  Better beans !5. their rice, just like momma made it, better actually, because momma never made it, grandma did, and she kicked butt at it.  Great sides!My least favorite things about this place1. Their coleslaw, it was dry, and wasn't sure what to make of it, might be a nod to the gringo crowd, but it did not appeal to me after one taste.  that's about all I can complain about.Get your Trasero over here (that's Bee-hind in case you were wondering)
<review# 787,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2012,8/15/2012,76,315,2,3,2>I have eaten here three times, each time more amazing than the last.  Some of the best Thai food in Cincinnati!Last Friday night, I was hanging out at Hap's just a couple doors down and needed some food to soak up the alcohol.  When we asked the bartender for suggestions, he suggested "The Kok" but said we needed to hurry because their kitchen was closing in 5 minutes.  A group of about 8 of us rolled in there for take-out about 10pm.  You would think they would be unhappy preparing food for a large group just minutes before closing.... Nope!  They were pleasant and chatty and more than willing to take the order.I tried their Mango Stir Fry and their vegetable coconut soup.  Both were spicy and delicious!  I have also tried their Pad Thai in the past.  It is as good as any in the city.  Another time, we got a huge boat of sushi!If you are a fan of Thai food, definitely try "The Kok" out!
<review# 788,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2012,8/14/2012,15,52,3,2,3>This summertime oasis is so legendary that the street name was changed to match it.  Stop in and get a footlong cheese coney and a peanut butter/chocolate shake.  Or try a mett, or any of the scores of delicious ice cream treats.  The soft serve machines date from 1954 and 1955 respectively, and have made fantastic ice cream here this whole time.  I'm not from Cincinnati, and I know that everyone has their own favorite creamy whip, but this is big daddy.  This is the king and the queen of dairy whips.  Bring your kids, or your girlfriend, or your parents, or everyone you know, for goodness sake.  Get a tasty cold treat to eat at the picnic tables under the trees.  Remember what summertime is all about once again.
<review# 789,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2012,8/13/2012,181,524,3,3,3>This shop in Hyde Park Square has a nice selection of fro-yo flavors and toppings. They also have bubble tea, which is exciting but the one I got for the husband wasn't the best- the tapioca bubbles were not the right texture, too hard, and flavor just okay. So maybe 3 stars for the boba but 4 for good decent yogurt. There are enough options for everyone, even non-yogurt loving folks, so that's nice, too. I still prefer Yagoot for the taste of the yogurt, but this is still a place to consider when you are feeling the summer heat.
<review# 790,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2012,8/12/2012,2,25,,2,1>The entire place feels beaming with soul warming energy.  It seems so clean, like not one spec of dust exists.  It is not spacious, nor cramped.  Our waiter made us feel well attended to.  I like their menu because I was able to try a variety of sushi without being a sushi expert.  My and my friends had a blast!  With the exception of what I think was eel, I enjoyed every piece of food on my plate (and some other people's plates).
<review# 791,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2012,8/11/2012,52,101,,4,2>Me gusta El Jinete! No, not the horseman, the restaurant on Red Bank! Finally, after numerous no bueno sub-par Mexican't restaurant experiences and several bouts of rancid enchilada induced IBS, I have finally found a stellar Mexican joint in Cincinnati!What makes El Jinete so good is the food! From jump street, the chips and salsa are excelente! The chorizo tacos are truly a revelation! The burritos give a whole new meaning to the word grande. And the beans and rice are always cooked to perfection and full of flavor. The menu is large, diverse, and full of Mexican wonderment! I've yet to have a bad dish here or been with someone who has.The servers here are all friendly, efficient, and work together to ensure that your drinks are full, your table is cleared promptly, and you have everything you need to have a kickass good time!I would seriously give this place 6/5 stars if I could! It literally blows all its competition out of the water and makes Taco Bell food seem so irrelevant that they should just get out of the restaurant business and reopen their doors as a Mexican phone company.
<review# 792,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2012,8/10/2012,125,175,3,3,1>Dearest Gilpin's,Thank you for being open tonight when I was totally totally totally craving your delish bagel sandwiches. So steamy and cheesy and perfect. Thank you to the guy behind the counter for realizing that he had to make me a ham and cheese bagel even though you were only serving the drunk menu. I was boating a lllllll day, STARVING and soooooo craving your amazing ham and cheese. You were such an amazing blessing to the end of this great (and low on food) day!!!If you don't try Gilpin's you are missing out and will die unhappy. LOVE ALWAYS!!! Nikki PS We have Gilpin's jokes in our household. If someone won't make dinner we just say, " Fine I will run off to Gilpin's without you. HAHA "
<review# 793,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2012,8/9/2012,25,121,3,4,3>My bf and I hadn't made dinner plans on Valentine's Day (oops), so about 6 pm I suggested that we head over and check out Eli's, of which I'd heard much good from other Yelpers. It's a short drive down the road from my apartment in East Walnut Hills, which may prove dangerous. Because Eli's is DELICIOUS.Eli's is pretty small and has limited seating, but when we walked in only a few of the tables were full. I felt rather proud of myself for finding a place that flew under the radar for the V-Day crowd, but boy, was I wrong! By the time we left at 7:15 the place was PACKED. So as a warning, expect Eli's to be busy, and maybe arrive on the early side for optimal results.The pulled pork is, as many others have said, divine. I lived for 12 years in North Carolina, which prides itself on pork BBQ. This is good barbeque. The sides were good, and although I was a little unsatisfied with the mac and cheese, it's possible that I just got a bad batch, or an older one, etc.I didn't even know that Eli's was BYOB when I went there the first time, but now that I do, it's on. Oh yes, it's definitely ON.
<review# 794,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2012,8/8/2012,73,345,3,2,2>A Tavola roughly translates to "In Table" or "To Table"Though some of their literature I've seen says "to the table", which would be Alla Tavola.  Semantics aside, this place has some pretty great traditional Italian style pizza including the classic Margherita which you will find basically anywhere in Italy.  Margherita pizza is known for having a rather tart sauce.  Additionally, traditional Italian pizzas are thin, not thick.  If that's not your thing, too bad, you should try this stuff anyway.  Definitely one of the better pizzas in the city.  Though, as echoed by some other reviewers, the bar for great pizza in this town is so low that it rests on the floor.For starters, you absolutely must have the bacon-wrapped dates, they are heavenly, though for your money ($6), you only get four.  My UC math skills tell me that's a dollar and a half a date (cheapest date I've ever been on, hahahaha, I'm hilarious).Your date will want the Fig Jam and Prosciutto because it's that popular pizza that everyone is talking about.  Caution though, it is covered in Arugula which kind of has a bland taste.  This could be a good combination with the fig jam, but last I had this pizza I thought more fig jam was in order and less arugula.  Guess I like my pizza like I like my women, sweet and covered in bacon.Funny I should mention that, you might want to give the Sweet Pea and Bacon a try.  My friends all nay-sayed me when I ordered this on my last trip, but it ended up being a favorite amongst most in the group.  It may not sound like a great combo, but it totally is.My favorite pizza though has to be the Artichoke.  The artichoke is a big deal back in the old country, and the folks at "A Tavola" struck gold with this one.  I didn't expect this to be a great pizza, as I am not typically a fan of goat cheese and try to avoid going vegetarian as often as possible (if we don't eat the animals they will steal all our oxygen).  I thought this pizza would outclass me, but instead it totally hit the spot.  Fair warning though, it does not reheat well so you're best off killing it while you're there.Some things you should check out while you're here:(1) The big wood-fired oven near the back has to be one of the coolest things I've seen.  It is as big as the entire kitchen in my house.(2) The lacquered tree trunk tables up front.  They can be a bit awkward to sit at because of their unusual shape, but they are still really cool.This place can get busy in a hurry and I definitely suggest going a little before the typical dinner rush and during the week.  It is kind of awkward to hang out there when it's busy.  The bar fills up fast as well leaving patrons to hang in the path of every server in the joint.Aside from the aforementioned Margherita, all pizzas are between $14-$16.  I think it's a little pricey for what you get, but keep in mind that this is a nice dine-in location and that Papa John's pizzas typically end up in that same range.Mangia!
<review# 795,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/18/2012,8/7/2012,120,162,2,5,1>Have been here a few times now and it has gotten the job done.  The building itself is historic and open.  The crowd is eclectic and ranges from age, size, gender, race, background etc.  There is a great selection of beers and bar food, and both seemed to be reasonably priced.  There is a happy hour, but I have missed it both times, however, there is usually a beer special of sort- a nice microbrew bottle for 3 bucks or so.In regards to food, there is your typical bar food with a few creative twists.  My go to has been the wrap, the exact name escapes me.  This thing is stuffed like a burrito with turkey, cheese, gauc, and covered in ranch- you know a typical healthy American salad.  Boy oh boy is this future medical catastrophic goooood.  Whereas other items like the fries and soup have been so, so.This is a great place to watch a game, hang with friends, or yes even get some work done.  The booths provide enough private space to get work done with a beer or two, because we all know beer makes you smarter and more productive.  Also there is free wifi to boot, but not all of the electrical outlets work, bummer.All in all not bad.  Non Happy Hour drafts will set you back about 5 and meals cost about 7-10 bucks.  The only real headache is parking, which can be problematic on some nights.
<review# 796,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2012,8/6/2012,94,404,3,5,3>I'd been aware of Currito over by UC ever since we moved to Cincinnati a few years ago, and I'd been pretty skeptical.  First, what the hell is a "Currito"?  A curry burrito?  A burrito that offers the "cure" for your hunger?  A burrito you're curious about?  A burrito that's "current" and hip?  See, the name of this place creates instant confusion.  (FWIW, an Internet search reflects that "currito" roughly translates to "working man.") Second, Currito's byline is "burritos without borders," which Currito's website pitches as some sort of novel concept.  In other words, Thai burritos, teriyaki burritos, Mediterranean burritos, and so on.  Well, Currito, I've been around awhile, and I've been here and there, and your concept ain't novel.  In fact, your concept has been around since at least the 1990s, which is about how long I've been unimpressed by it.So I never went.But I work downtown and had grown tired of the overcrowded and not-so-well-run chain burrito place that's been downtown for a couple of years.  (You know, that other burrito place that begins with a "C.")  Currito recently opened up this shop a stone's throw from work, so it was inevitable that I was going to pop in.And I'm glad I did.  Currrito's pretty solid in comparison to a lot of the Cal-Mex/San-Fran-style burrito competition.  In fact, it's better than most around here.  Everything tastes pretty fresh and flavorful.  I haven't tried any of the burritos represented by the "burritos without borders" tagline, but the "classic" and "summer" are pretty straightforward Cal-Mex burritos.  The former comes with pinto beans and pico, and the latter with black beans and magno salsa.  One excellent idea that sets Currito apart from its competition is to heat up the burrito  in a press just before it's served, which melts the cheese and imparts some additional flavor to the tortilla.  But while Currito's barbacoa and carnitas are pretty tasty, they tend to be a little dry, in contrast to the "C" chain's tender, sous-vided-in-Chicago (yes, it's apparently true) carnitas and barbacoa.Another nice thing Currito does is offer burritos in "regular" and "small" sizes.  The small is actually decent-sized and is about a buck cheaper.  The only immediate difference I can tell between the small and regular is that the regular seems to have more rice.  That's not much value for your extra dollar.The restaurant is sharp-looking and clean.  But as Stephen G. says, it is clamorously loud when more than a few diners are present.  Another big plus:  Currito is a local business.  Its owners are the same folks who have opened the wildly popular Bakersfield OTR.  Overall, 3.75 stars, and a very welcome downtown lunch addition.
<review# 797,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2012,8/5/2012,69,67,,5,4>The Avenue is an interesting spot.  It used to be a strip club and still has a pole to prove it.  Yet now it's one of the classier spots in Covington, with nice decor and a great patio.Drink prices are a little high for Covington unless you go during happy hour or on special nights.  Ask the bartender about specials and they usually have something going on.  The staff is all great and friendly.  They are one of the main reasons I keep going back.Wednesday night they have really good bands and that's my favorite night to go.  Monday night is karaoke, but the regulars take it pretty seriously, so be prepared for some actual talent if you head over there that night.Now that the weather has warmed up, sitting out on their patio is the best thing about The Avenue.  It's a large enough patio that everyone can enjoy it without being crowded.  Sometimes they have bands out there in the summer as well.  It's relaxed and trendy at the same time, and I really love hanging out there.
<review# 798,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2012,8/4/2012,39,54,3,3,3>Currently, my exhaustively researched chili rankings are organized like so: 1) Camp Washington, 2) Skyline, 3) Dixie, 4) Gold Star, and a distant 5) Empress. Now, with Dixie so far down, one wonders why I'm giving it five stars. Well, the devil's in the details on this one. See, Dixie Chili may not have the best actual chili in town, but it does have some advantages the others sorely lack.First and foremost, waffle fries. I cannot possibly overestimate the value of waffle fries. Something about them just baffles my senses, so that I think they're somehow vastly superior to regular fries (but only because they are). Second, garlic. The six-way chili comes with chopped garlic, which as far as I know is unique to this particular chain. And as we all know, garlic is the reigning king of garnishes. Finally, there's vegetarian chili. I never eat it, because I'm a mammal, but I'm told it's quite good. And again, I haven't seen a similar offering at other places.Dixie actually boasts a fairly comprehensive menu for a chili joint, and a slightly more endearingly retro decor than other places (looking at you, Gold Star). There's gyros and greek fries, soups, pies, chicken fingers and spaghetti for the kids, and something called an "alligator": a hot dog with a dill spear, mayo, mustard, and cheese. I'm not sure how I feel about that, but hey, it's there!Add to this the convenient drive-through at the Dixie Highway location, and the fact that you can get an adequate meal for five bucks, and we have a place that I can count on if I feel like Camp Washington is just too far away that day.
<review# 799,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2012,8/3/2012,62,192,1,7,5>Paris oh Paris, how I miss you! Grabbing a glass of wine with a cheese or meat selection after work... it was pretty normal during the 2 years I lived in Paris.And then we moved to Cincinnati, where beer is king. Even being Belgian I'm impressed by how much people adore beer here. I don't, so I usually go with cider, or a cherry or framboise Belgian fruity beer. I didn't realize I could recreate the Parisian experience until I went to 1215.It was actually for my birthday drinks. We had about an hour to kill before going to taste of Belgium and decided to grab some drinks here. My friends tried the Rosé and Red wine flight and I tried the sparkling wine (nice color combinations, you know!). I loved the concept of trying to guess which one was which, even when I couldn't be bothered to play the game myself -- it's all yummy sparkling wine to me!The service was perfect, the owner came to chat to us and was so friendly. The staff knew what they were talking about and helped us to choose the meat and cheese selections.We could only stay for an hour, but it was a perfect experience!Merci et à la prochaine!
<review# 800,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2012,8/2/2012,44,215,3,3,2>I've long been a fan of the "crack-tastic" waffles served by Taste of Belgium at Findlay Market, so I was excited when I heard they would be opening a sit-down location in Over the Rhine. My first visit to the "Belgian Bistro" was accidental, though. My boyfriend and I were in the "OTR Corridor" (as we call it now) to try out Abigail Street, but the wait (at 7 p.m. on a Friday night) was over 2 hours. So we joined the game that we noticed many other patrons playing: "Which restaurant will seat us first?" Taste of Belgium quoted us a wait of 1 hour but seated us in about 30 min. Winner!That night my boyfriend got the "waffle n chicken," while I ordered a bowl of mussels and frites. Everything was delicious, but I confess that I would have liked more than the 2 bites of waffle n chicken that my boyfriend was willing to share. In fact, the second time we went to Taste of Belgium, we both ordered that same dish so neither of us would have to share at all.I've also been to Taste of Belgium for Sunday brunch (and yes, they do serve waffle n chicken then too). I had the McWaffle, which was essentially a breakfast sandwich on their infamous waffle. Most excellent. Combined with reasonable prices, good service, and a nice dining area (with space to wait INDOORS!), I think Taste of Belgium is definitely one of the top spots in the OTR Corridor.
<review# 801,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2012,7/31/2012,78,67,,2,1>I'm not huge on mexican food honestly. It's always heavy and greasy to me. But the first time I went I got the sopa. Which was great. It was light and had a good mixture of every ingredient. Also got fried plantains which for some reason you can't really find around here. But they were hot and crisp. I was slightly disappointed the second time because the plantains were softer and greasy. Different cooks I suppose. Both times I ordered off of there "authentic" menu. (That's what I'm calling it). It has treated me well and plan to stick too it. Oh and it's super cheap which is a plus.
<review# 802,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2012,7/30/2012,26,17,,4,1>I have been to the Oriental Wok several times, and my food has always been outstanding.  I have been on a real scallop kick since returning from my Florida vacation.  I ordered the Chinese Asparagus with Scallops, and I can truly say my meal was Scallop Nirvana.  The Scallops were the biggest I have ever been served in any restaurant.  The black bean garlic sauce that they were cooked in had an awesome flavor that I will gladly order again (and I am not that big of an asparagus fan).Oh and the Crab Rangoon/wontons are probably the best I have had anywhere.The service is great, the food is great, and the decor is nice enough to come dressed up, but you can come as you are at this place.This is not your strip mall chinese, so don't expect the prices to be that either.Your meal might set you back 20+ dollars depending on what you order, but it will be worth it.This is the best Chinese restaurant in the Cincinnati area.  Try it! You'll love it!
<review# 803,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2012,7/29/2012,30,44,1,1,1>Super cheap.DO:-Try the thick crust pizza-The Bearcat size is huge, but cheap! So share and split the bill.-The beer selection on tap alone is 5 star worthy.DON'T:-It's going to take a while to make the pizza, so don't get angry.PARKING:-Lot in the back/side-Street parkingBest place for beers on tap. The selection is amazing. According to our waitress, about 30 of the beers stay and the rest rotates. A bearcat has 30 squares of pizza and about 3-4 slices per person will be plenty. The bearcat usually costs somewhere between $38~$45 depending on which one you get. Either way, it's super cheap when shared with your buddies!
<review# 804,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2012,7/28/2012,9,9,,1,1>I've been to Bella Luna a few times and I have always had good food and good service.  The last time I went I arrived around 8 on a weeknight in which the restaurant closed at 9.  The rest of my party didn't arrive until at least 8:15 and we spent the first 20 minutes or so catching up before ordering drinks.  By the time we finished dinner we it was after 10 and we were the only ones in the place except for staff, but at no point did we feel rushed by our server or anyone else.  I hadn't seen the friends I was with in close to a year, so I really appreciated the no pressure atmosphere even after closing time.
<review# 805,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2012,7/27/2012,18,5,,1,1>Yagoot is one of my fav's.  I have tried other yogurts but I love their originality.  No one has yogurt that taste like Yagoot.  Some love it. Some don't.  I love it.  I wish there were more Yagoots in Cincinnati.  Campus.  In the movie theatre. In the dentist office, great reward.  No, but literally, try it.  You'll like it.  Usually, I see if people like Keylime pie first because it's tart. It's good though. Heaven.... in a cup.
<review# 806,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2012,7/26/2012,129,127,6,5,4>So, I went ahead with 5 stars- because I have never tried to wait in the insanity that is prime-time dining. I've heard of people waiting 3.5 hours or so to get in here.For me, late night is where it's at.  The black bean queso is to die for. I think I've gotten it every time I've been here. I don't even like CHEESE. Yes. Queso means cheese in Spanish. AND...ME GUSTA MUCHO! Yeah, I do.The queso, a taco and a boot of $2 PBR. This is the stuf that after 10pm dreams are made of. Throw in a few friends who live or work down the street, and you have the makings of a regular.That'd be me.The bartenders do a great job- we tried a shot of strawberry infused tequila. I was so sure I didn't like tequila. I guess I was wrong!The atmosphere is a bit kitschy- but they make up for that with chalkboard walls. The world is your canvas- or at least the walls are. Cute boys, please leave me your number. ;)
<review# 807,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2012,7/25/2012,24,109,5,1,3>It has been far too long that I have not reviewed Neons. It seems like everyone and their mother has reviewed this place, so you really won't hear anything too different from me.Best part of this bar, of course, is the patio that is three times the size of the inside bar. They also have a great collection of Jenga-normous sets to play around with. The weekends get really busy, but if you go in the middle of the week it is just right!I would like to take this moment though, if you don't mind, to pat myself on the back and tell you a little story about how I saved Neon's Life......The year was 2011. As a new resident to the neighborhood I decided to take a stroll on a lovely Sunday afternoon to Joe's Diner and enjoy some pulled pork and watch the end of the Bengals' game since I don't have TV. I turn on to 12th Street and notice something is off. I pass by the neon's parking lot and notice a plume of smoke coming out of the dumpster! I call the non-emergency number and report the burning dumpster. 30 seconds later I hear the fire trucks coming and a little kid on a bike comes up next to me and says, "Did you set that on fire?" A little confused, I look at her and say, "Yes." An awkward moment passes where she just looks at me, unable to comprehend my sarcasm. She turns around and rides her bike away. The fire truck shows up and puts out the fire.And that my friends, is how I saved your beloved Neons! I will gladly accept free Hudepohl Amber Lager as a token of you appreciation!
<review# 808,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2012,7/24/2012,6,151,5,4,2>Here I go again with my last second Cincinnati-landmark tour... And here we go again with another regrettable last second discovery.I played hookey on Friday and ventured down to Findlay Market to hit up some of the places I've heard most about while I picked up some things to make salmon burgers even better. The first stop of 2 was Taste of Belgium and it was an overwhelmingly positive one.I got to the counter and as I have started doing recently, let the girl working the register order for me. I did place the restriction of it being savory though, as I hadn't eaten yet that day. She chose the Traditional Crepe for me, a crepe filled with egg, ham, and gruyere and my god was that amazing. They were having issues with the register that day, as it wouldn't open, but I can't fault them for that.I went to the window to watch the girl(a very cute one I might add) make my crepe. She had just finished with another woman's who wasn't that patient and she looked flustered. I tried to calm her down through stupid jokes and conversation, and she opened up and was quite nice. She broke two consecutive crepes for me, but the woman before had a sweet one with sugar which makes the surface sticky. Again, I do not fault her for that, because when I got my crepe, everything was hunky-f%&kin-dory.It wasn't huge, but it was warm and gooey and filling. It was worth every bit of the $6.50 I paid for, because I got some great food, met some nice people, and added my name to the list of people that repeatedly say, "What?!?! You've never been to Taste of Belgium? Well, you just have to go!" Small price to pay for that.
<review# 809,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/27/2012,7/23/2012,82,119,2,8,1>Sigh! I so wanted to be in love with this place. It has tacos and margaritas and all sorts of things that I love. Sadly, while I wanted to be instantly head over heels, I think we will just be friends.The space is fantastic and big - a great thing for a taco joint since that allows guests to feel like they can hang out. Sometimes at smaller places, one might feel guilty trying to hang out, chat and sip drinks. There were tons of staff so while we worked our way back to the patio, there was always someone to guide or assure we were headed the right way. This really is a cute place.The menu is pretty basic, but that isn't a huge deal for me since I, like most others, am there for the tacos. The first oddity was our server, considering how many members of staff were present...we of course ended up with the guy who probably had no real idea what he was doing. We ordered margaritas and they were brought out quickly - great! At first I wasn't really impressed with the flavor of the margarita...something seemed off. Finally, I noticed a little slice of jalepeno on the straw and realized it was a jalepeno margarita. It would have been nice to be told because once I was able to adjust my flavor profile with that knowledge...it was much better! Finally, we ordered queso chorizo to start and the husband ordered a bowl of al pastor tacos...we didn't really know what a bowl was and probably should have asked. I ordered two al pastor tacos and a beef taco. The waiter said that he would put in an order as a bowl and save me a dollar. Sure, whatever. Our queso chorizo was brought out promptly and we started to dig in. Immediately after, we were brought out tacos...a little quick since we just got what we wanted to have as a starter. No big deal until we saw what was placed on our table...one al pastor bowl order and one beef taco.  So somehow our order for a total of six tacos was morphed into four tacos. Obviously that would save us money...that wasn't the amount of food we ordered. So I explained that the way he planned it out didn't quite give us all of the order..."can I get two more tacos?" "Sure, would you like a bowl?" "Um...no that is okay - just the two tacos." Get over the freaking bowl guy, you didn't get it right the first time you tried to "work something out" for me. He was usually prompt, just a little confused I think.Now about the food. The queso chorizo wasn't my thing, but the husband liked it and he likes that dish more than me anyplace - so for those who dig it, it is probably likeable here. For me, the beef taco was the stand out. It was the best item I had. The Al Pastor was fine, but nothing special. Oh and for those who are curious, a bowl is basically a bowl of the taco meats, toppings, etc... and 3 tortillas and you put it together. Now unfortunately I must share my biggest problem with Django - Flour Tortillas! I know it is kind of a personal preference, but I really feel if you are selling yourself as a taco joint, you MUST use corn. Have the option at the very least. This sadly was a big disappointment.I'm willing to go back, I just wish that I was excited to go back.
<review# 810,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2012,7/22/2012,46,254,,6,3>What's not love about about Anderson Ferry?! You drive up and wait for the ferry, note it might be awhile if the ferry just left. Once you've boarded, you can either pay $4 (it might actually be up to $5 now) or $7 for a round trip. They take cash only. Then you sit back and relax for the few minutes it take to cross the Ohio river. You can also leave your car on one side and travel across by foot, which is something like $.50 or take your bike across. There's a UDF on the Ohio side which makes the ferry a nice little trip for a lazy Sunday.
<review# 811,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2012,7/21/2012,221,658,8,11,9>Five favorite salads of all time...number one has to be the Netherland Salad. Why...I don't know. Maybe it has crack in it? All I know is, I've been eating it for 20 years, and I love, love, love it. BFF girlfriend day. Where to meet? Is there any question. Why no, thank you. The most beautiful bar ever. EVER. Read the other reviews. It makes you feel like royalty. Really. And you know I've been in some nice places. Wine, bring us wine. Extensive list. What do you recommend in a white - why thank you, that sounds lovely. Don't want to order lunch yet, just let me know when.Glance at the menu...everything looks good. But oh...how could we not get the salad? Hold the onions and the ham...turkey, greens, half an egg, pickle relish, mayo based dressing. Sound horrible? Yes. But TRUST ME...Have I ever let you down? This salad makes you want to act like Sally in Harry meets Sally. Oh yes, Yes, YEESSS. Add a pretzel roll? Heaven...I'm in heaven...Just when I think life can't be better? They offer a 1/2 size salad. Perfect. And saves $10 (this place isn't cheap). So what's wrong...my picture was not on my phone...bummer. I really wanted to show you this salad.Three hours later...OMG. Where has the time gone? I could live here. Nuff said??
<review# 812,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2012,7/20/2012,24,162,3,2,2>I likes my pizza.  And Dewey's is becoming a favorite.I went to this location with a group from work last week and it great!  We went at about 1:00, which is on the later end for lunch, but I'm so glad we did because there was hardly anyone else in the dining room.I created my own calzone on this visit, because I'd never done it before (chicken, pesto, spinach, and the 3 cheese blend).  It was sooo good.  They baked it perfectly, and the pizza sauce for dipping was a great complement.I also had half of the house salad, which had a delicious viniagrette.  I think it was a balsamic dressing.If the delicious food wasn't enough, our server looked like Emma Stone.  Dead ringer!  She was so nice, as was just about everyone else there that afternoon.  I should try to convince them to take me out lunch more often!
<review# 813,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2012,7/18/2012,79,1047,5,8,4>I took a group of friends to the shooting range for my birthday and couldn't ask for a better experience!A few weeks prior, I called Shooters and inquired about some information for renting group lanes. I had a list of novice questions which the clerk answered thoroughly. The man I spoke with was friendly, patient, and helpful in planning my event.It was my first time shooting a gun, as was it for most of the folks in my party. Only two of my friends had experience with firearms. When several of us arrived at the shop in dresses and bows in our hair, it was clear we would need some training. The manager (Tim? He looked like a Tim.) patiently walked us through the process of filling out paperwork, reading the rules, and selecting a gun and bullets. I really enjoyed the way Tim handled our group. It was like talking to Dad about guns: direct and serious, but able to include some witty comments that made our group laugh and relax. As we descended into the basement-level shooting range, Tim said, "If you need anything, just come up and get me." Nice.The range itself is hot (from all those guns being fired). Twelve lanes line the concrete basement, with two people allowed in each lane. We shared guns and took turns trading off between lanes, getting to test out different models: - .22 Handgun. Great for beginners. Easy to use. No kickback. - .38 Revolver. Easy to load, just like the old western pistols with a spinning barrel. Hard to aim. Rough kickback. - .45 Handgun. Police-style gun. Medium kickback. Will tear a mean hole in your zombie.Shooters has a great target selection, from your standard body outline to skeletons, criminals, and our favorite: zombies. They also have targets that are black, and when you shoot them, the bullet holes make florescent colors. A half-hour of range time is ideal, as you go through bullets pretty quick and your arms get tired. Since we had a large group with two doing the training, we booked an hour of time which was sufficient. If you're inexperienced (or have an inexperienced group) and need help, I'd recommend an hour.Prices vary depending on the ammo you need, but expect to spend around $50.00. - $5.00 admission - $14.00 per lane (one hour with 2 people per lane) - $8.00 gun rental fee - Ammo is around $20.00 for 50 - 100 bullets, depending on the gun. - Hearing and eye protection provided at no additional cost.Once finished, Tim asked the newbies how we did, and my friends proudly presented their zombie targets riddled with bullet holes. Just like dear ol' dad, Tim beamed with delight. He gave us laminated membership cards to Shooters (included in the $5.00 admission.) He also handed us coupons for our next visit.Oh yes, Tim. We'll be back. Expect to be seeing a lot more of us after this awesome experience!Price per person: $25.00 - $50.00
<review# 814,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2012,7/17/2012,69,143,4,3,3>What do I love about PLAY? Well, the music doesn't suck! And the dance floor actually has PEOPLE on it!!! Oh my God, what a concept. You'd think this wouldn't be too much to ask for, but every time I go to Lunar for example (which does have good music), the place is an effing ghost town til 12:30. Not so with PLAY...it was already starting to fill up at 11. Another great thing is that, unlike some of the other places around here that will go unnamed, the crowd isn't just all college kids or all creepy old people. Age groups are more evenly represented...or at least they were the night I showed up. The only reason I had to knock it down a star is that drinks were a bit expensive -- 3 Red Bull vodkas for $25. But hey, at least they were served in sizable glasses. Cover is the standard $5, which I'll gladly pay for a good experience. Next time I decide to head downtown, I'll remember this club as one of the better options.
<review# 815,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2012,7/16/2012,23,174,,2,4>I take my awful review back!!! FORGIVE ME!It must have been an off night when I was here before because my most recent experience at Rue Dumaine was unbelievably amazing!!!The service was amazing. The waiters really know what they're doing, and they really know all the dishes on the menu. Awesome!The atmosphere inside is really great, too. It's calm and relaxing. Very comfortable.We both started our meal with wine. Mine white, and his red. Both great, and I really appreciate a large wine list.My first course was the soup of the day... GUMBO. I never can resist trying a restaurant's gumbo. I must tell you that it was the best I've ever had. I wanted to cancel my main course, and just get more gumbo. So much flavor.My boyfriend got scallops as his first course. He really liked them. I don't care for scallops so I didn't try them, but I trust his taste buds to know a good scallop from a bad one, or even an average one.For my main course, I ordered the steak frites. I'm so happy I did! A great piece of meat, cooked to still perfectly bloody perfection. I was in heaven. It was served with a huge portion of delicious pomme frites. YUM YUM YUM! I ate every bite.The bf once again ordered something I didn't care to try... the trout. He said it was great. Once again, I trust that it was. For dessert we decided to not even push ourselves to choose just one treat. So we went ahead and ordered 3 desserts. #1- I believe it was chocolate hazelnut cake with creme fresh. Delicious, but maybe a little, too rich for my liking. The cake itself was super heavy and moist. #2- Chocolate gelato dish. It was ok, but pretty forgettable. #3- The MOST AMAZING lemon cake. It was heaven on a plate. The bf and I ended up fighting over that one, and kind of pushing the other desserts to the side. It was a great experience, and words can't even express how much I enjoyed my meal.
<review# 816,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2012,7/15/2012,6,135,2,5,2>CAM stimulates all of the senses, especially for someone unfamiliar with the ways of the far east, like me.Taste is obvious - you will find flavors here you never imagined, most of them good.Sound - Asian natives from across the region come here to shop;  the sounds of fluently spoken, unfamiliar phonetics surround you - it's wonderfully exotic. Sight - go check out some of the prepared foods or the frozen section. A en-lighted but McDonald's raised  American like myself won't be able to take his eyes off the things you didn't know you could eat. Touch - OK, this one you have to be careful with. Whatever you might find tantalizing to touch, remember that global mores apply. Stick to the produce section for this one.Smell - Take note, CAM does NOT smell like McDonald's. This sense gets smacked hard, first thing, walking in the door. It's the seafood department in back, no worries. It fades over time and keeps you from spending too much money.This is a great place to take your kids to have some educational fun. Let them pick out anything they like and make it for dinner. Just make it clear that they have to eat it too.
<review# 817,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2012,7/14/2012,278,854,2,2,2>I had the good fortunate to experience another excellent performance at this theatre. This night I saw Time Stands Still*, a great play about a photojournalist and freelance writer. The only negative thing I noticed this time was a slightly distracting noise the seats make when people move or adjust themselves. Not a big deal by any means, but thought I'd mention it. The bathrooms need some decorations or something, they are rather dull and institutional. I like the concession offerings. I saw an older lady eating a large Reese Cup and was very tempted to buy one of my own. I think it would be great if they offered some kind of last minute Rush Tickets for a reduced rate. I am not sure and didn't ask the ticket attendants so they might already offer this.  There were almost 2 full rows of empty seats when I attended! Fill those up with college kids or something. They might have already been sold and the people were no-shows, I don't know. The seats towards the top are high above the stage and give you this God-like view of everything. You might want to buy seats more towards the middle or closer up if this doesn't sound appealing to you. But keep in mind that the views from all seats are great.  Let's keep supporting artistic venues in the city as well as other businesses. It will only help us. *Some plays/musicals are designated as fairly adult in either theme, language, etc. This play did have some profanity, but it was neither excessive or unrealistic. It was appropriate for the conversation/dialogue.
<review# 818,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2012,7/13/2012,211,416,2,7,4>I can only give Mantra on the Hill the highest of compliments. And that's saying a lot because I really like to whine about Mt. Adams.The experience at this restaurant was truly top-notch (and not in that yelp-overused sense of the term). The service was nearly flawless, right down to the wine service. Oh yeah, bottles are priced at retail with only a $10 corkage.The food was phenomenal and well-priced. We ate everything. And we had ordered a lot. I'm going to have to pace myself next time.Another indicator of a fantastic restaurant is that I kept thinking about what out-of-town guests I want to bring here. It's hard to believe there's a place like this in Cincinnati.I can only hope that the food, wine and service continue to operate at this high level. It's a new restaurant and they may just have their A game going right now. Keep it up, mantra!Now for the recos. All of these dishes I tried and loved: papri chaat salad (not exactly like a typical papri chaat, but completely delicious), Imli Baingan (eggplant chips with holy-goodness-that-date-sauce-is-amazing sauce), Basil & Garlic naan, Roti, Paunch Puran paneer, Tarka Daal (a little soupy, but great flavor), Kabuli Channa.And the winning dish of the night... far and away the most tasty, the most memorable: Crispy Charchari. It's the okra dish and you need to do yourself a favor and try it.
<review# 819,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2012,7/12/2012,18,131,,2,1>I bounce around to a lot of different gyms and fitness studios because mixing it up helps me stay interested and I'm always in search of a deal because group instruction is expensive!   The two complaints that usually send me in search of a new spot are high prices and lack of conveniently scheduled classes (who are all these people who can afford to spend $20+ per class AND workout at 10am on weekdays?!?)  Bella Forza has neither of these problems, so I plan to stick around here for a long time.The variety of classes at this studio is amazing.  They have two separate studio rooms, so they are able to schedule two different classes at the same time.  On some days, it seems like they offer almost two classes per hour most hours of the day.  Their prices for both packages and memberships are also ridiculously reasonable when compared with most other fitness options in the area.  The downside to the affordable pricing is that classes fill up fast - especially those requiring specific equipment, like TRX.  Another minor complaint is that they have a poorly lit back parking lot with a one-lane drive way, which sometimes causes mini traffic jams when people are trying to get in and out at the same time.  But, this has only been an issue a couple of times for me, so I consider it a minor drawback.I really hope Bella Forza keeps up it's great scheduling and fair pricing, because it really stands out compared to the many other fitness options in the Oakely/Hyde Park/Madisonville area.
<review# 820,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2012,7/11/2012,33,59,,5,3>Laura's closet specializes in second hand clothing for women sizes 14+.   I have been shopping with Laura since 2000 and have watched the shop grow and change in the three different spaces they have occupied.  Not only does the shop have a good selection of clothes but they are fairly priced for the quality.  At times, the store has so much inventory it can be daunting to sift through the clothes. But, the ability to find like-new Ralph Lauren pants for less than $10 keeps me coming back for me.   I have been impressed with the quality of merchandise they accept but am careful to check each item for missing buttons or snags.  In addition to regular clothes, Lauras' has a large selection of nursing scrubs, purses and shoes.  Located on the backside of strip mall just south of the Florence Mall, the shop is easily located.  I would definitely friend them on Facebook as the often add Sunday hours for bonus shopping.  This is also the gateway to finding out what is on sale.  Laura is good about running promotions that make her affordable merchandise a downright bargain.The dressing rooms are my only sticking point of the whole experience.  Frankly, they suck.  There isn't enough light, privacy or hooks to hang clothes.  That being said.  They are adequate and get the job done but they are definitely not a place that I linger.   As you exit the dressing room be sure to check the try on reject rack as some of my best finds have been lingering there.Whether Laura is working the register or one of the other folks, they are always pleasant and genuinely happy for your business.
<review# 821,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2012,7/10/2012,20,109,9,7,3>I was going to write a long piece about how Dr Gay ('Skip' to his staff and clients) has almost - not quite, but almost - taken away my prior phobia about dentists. About how his hygienist has a marvelously calming attitude and how his front desk staff are lovely and generally accommodating to my scheduling needs.About how understanding he is to my financial concerns when potential costs for work look like being expensive and how fantastically he willingly - and speedily - looked after my elderly father's dental emergency whilst on holiday with us from England (and then refused to charge us anything for his professional assistance).About how, after any kind of dental surgery, he calls you personally in the evening to see how you're faring and to find out if there's any problems he can address.Then I realized I can sum up how good a dentist he is with one sentence....I am British and he has successfully managed to deal with MY teeth! That is all.
<review# 822,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2012,7/9/2012,38,153,,4,1>Insanely happy that Wolf & Co. are located a mere block from my office.  Beautiful redo to what was once the Redlight Cafe, complete with a fresh menu and a warm, welcoming staff and owner.  The space looks amazing--in fact, I can't believe that it IS the same space.   Really lovely with potted herbs on the table and natural light flooding the room--even on this grey day, it was bright and airy.  There is a long window seat where you can rest while waiting for your carry out order.  When I'm trying a new place with a concise menu, I like to start at the top and work my way down, that way I can comprehensively try "it all" (next up on the menu, Chicken Salad).  Wolf & Co.'s menu offers updated additions to familiar and loved sandwiches (the grilled cheddar has an addition of apple and apple butter--yum!), and there are vegetarian choices, too, and not just a "veggie sandwich".  Today I ordered the ham and smoked Gouda with green apple, field greens and dijon on cinnamon raisin Ezekial bread.  It was served with a lovely undressed field green salad with their house vinaigrette on the side, and some crunchy chips in the center.  I proudly belong to the clean plate club! I'm always happy to support local business, especially when I'm the beneficiary of a wonderful, healthy lunch!
<review# 823,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2012,7/8/2012,0,269,,4,1>So normally my husband is the one to write the reviews....but this place was so delicious I had to step in and rave. We almost didn't eat there. We planned to eat there. We even picked out a nice bottle of wine (since it's BYO with NO corkage fee!!) but when we showed up, the restaurant was empty...which is typically not the best sign. However, we generally love places that get great reviews on Yelp so decided to go in anyway.Best decision of the week! Everything was good, but three stand-out dishes ensured that we will return on a regular basis. We started with a mushroom dish which was light, fresh, and flavorful. Shockingly, the chicken and rosemary grits stole the show from the seared tuna during the second course. We ended with the best deconstructed gyro I've ever had in my life, which they call leg of lamb with curried tzatziki. The lamb was a generous portion for the price and I'm full to the brim, but it was so good I would steal another bite if I could. We watched 5 couples throughout the meal walk up, look at the menu, and walk away. Don't make the same mistake.
<review# 824,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2012,7/7/2012,112,240,6,5,3>Like a Sex in the City rendezvous, at an ironically classy hipster joint serving cheap wine and fig pizza, my handsome friend Matty M told me that the best place to take someone on a first date is either a museum or a zoo.He said the zoo as a first date is up for two completely acceptable directions: 1) Perusing, reading the information together, discussing anything from the why the monkeys are trapped on a water island to topics absolutely irrelevant to the zoo, or...2) Don't talk to your [soon-to-realize] horrible date. But it's okay not to talk because you're enjoying the sight of the animals (good excuse).Lucky for University students, the zoo is right there! And lucky for many date-initiators,  this just so happens to be one of the top zoos out there (I can't prove this because it was my first time at a zoo but so I heard my first experience was a spoiling one).Easy to get around (everything is connected), spacious, and best of all, they have giraffes.One thing I recommend you do is check out the adorable black-footed cat in the nocturnal cave-like area. They do fashion runway shows for you (not literally-- please don't take my reviews too seriously). It's the coolest exhibit there (besides the giraffes of course).
<review# 825,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2012,7/6/2012,11,47,5,7,3>If you're a glutton for punishment, or have unresolved issues from your childhood, like I do, you should run here.  Whether you're coming from Hyde Park or Mt. Lookout, the hills are beautiful, bucolic, and brutal.  They also have drinking fountains, which come in handy when you're desperately gasping for breath.All the great things about Ault Park have already been cataloged: the play sets, the fountain, the green spaces, the flowers, the views.  So here are some helpful things to keep in mind:  Don't count on the bathrooms being open, especially in early spring if you've got a kid still potty training.  If you run or walk here after dark, beware of skunks.Keep your kids out of the flowerbeds.  If you don't, there are elderly people who WILL yell at you and make you feel ashamed for having unruly children.
<review# 826,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2012,7/5/2012,9,30,,3,3>With part of my family being from the mideast and having been there a number of times, I've been disappointed with a number of middle eastern restaurants around here. However, Turquoise was very enjoyable. I went with a groupon. The staff was incredibly friendly. I also brought a flask of scotch (didn't feel like bringing an entire bottle) with their BYO policy with no cork fee.For appetizers we wanted to try something that other places don't offer so we got the Ezme which came with pita. Delicious! The server also recommended this. For entrees we ordered the baked eggplant filled with lamb/herbs, and the Iskender Kebab. This is a doner kebab with tomato sauce/yogurt over pita which was also recommended by the server, and not a normal dish at most middle eastern places around here. Both dishes hit the spot! All the food also tasted very fresh. I've already told a few people about this place and will be back soon. Business appears slow for them so go and check it out because they are one of the better restaurants around that I've been to recently. There are even coupons on restaurant.com
<review# 827,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2012,7/4/2012,9,16,,2,1>My friend and I were down in Clifton and wanted to eat some Asian food. We'd heard good things about Cilantro from friends at UC, but hadn't yet tried it. I was a little worried when I walked in and saw that there wasn't anyone who was Asian working behind the counter, but the food was really wonderful!I'm no expert on Vietnamese food, so I can't speak to the authenticity of the place, but wow what a great meal for cheap! We both had the vermicelli noodles bowl (mine with fried veggie rolls, and hers with shrimp), and it came filled with lots of toppings, fresh lettuce and vermicelli. The house sauce, in combination with duck sauce and chili paste made a delicious seasoning for the dish. Overall, the meal was light but filling and flavorful and definitely inexpensive! A+ from a college girl!That being said, this place definitely fits in with the college-vibe, so don't go in expecting anything super upscale and fancy. It's just a good, solid place to eat for lunch or a light dinner. Seating is limited, either along the walls or at small tables. But I mean, you're there to eat, not sit, so enjoy the food!
<review# 828,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2012,7/3/2012,48,32,,4,1>I've driven by this place for years and never bother to stop in, but one day my boss stops by my office and says let's go to lunch.  He said I hope you don't mind, but I want to go to my favorite restaurant.  Next thing I know we are in deSha's.  deSha's has a beautiful wooden entry way.  You are greeted by a hostess who will have you seated.  You have the bar area or the dining room which overlooks a pond with a water feature.  The decor is pretty nice, gives you a feeling of being in a tavern.The food was actually pretty good.  At first glance, this would not be a restaurant I would go to normally, but the menu is very surprising.  The fried green tomatoes, crab stuffed mushrooms, flash fried calamari and Maryland crab cakes are awesome.  I'm not a salad person, but the buffalo chicken salad is awesome.  When we go to lunch it is my first choice always.  But if you go for dinner, please try the steak deSha.  It is pretty yummy!
<review# 829,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2012,7/2/2012,336,296,,5,3>My first visit to Loveland, I eat here. So glad I did.  What a great evening!  Met the owners who were super nice.  Loved the outdoor stone oven that cooks pizzas in 2-3 minutes.  First time having a pizza with mac and cheese - WOW!  So delicious!  Love the knitted tree wrap and the big letters & numbers on the front of the building.The outdoor area makes you feel relaxed and like you are hanging out with family.  The area is so cute.Using herbs grown out in front and all fresh ingredients made the food especially good.
<review# 830,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2012,6/30/2012,7,172,2,4,1>If I could give Boca 10 stars, I would.  We had the most incredible dining experience EVER last night at Boca.  We have eaten in many great restaurants all over the world, and I would put Boca up against any of them as the most amazing meal.  We did the 7 course tasting menu with wine pairings and I was completely blown away by the food and the service.  The courses were: sea bass crudo with all kinds of delicious accompaniments, mushroom soup with foie gras and tiny little fried potato cubes, slow cooked cod with butternut squash and soy buerre blanc, lumache all'amatriciana (pasta deliciousness), brussel sprouts with scallops,(un-freaking-believable), twice cooked pork (pork belly and bacon... really), and a beef tenderloin with a crunchy marrow crust and truffles... oh, and dessert with a chocolate pot de creme, a tiny little cheesecake, and a spoonful of creme brulee.  Every course had amazing sauces and additions that I couldn't keep track of.  I can't possibly say the right things to give these dishes enough credit. I literally ate every single bite of food that was put in front of me.  Every course, every bite.  I wasn't letting any of that go to waste. The wines with each course were unbelievable.  They were interesting and unique on their own, but paired with their course, they transformed. I loved that nearly every wine was a varietal that we weren't familiar with, grapes from far-flung parts of Italy or Germany, and it was so fun to learn about them and get to try them. Our server was unbelievable, he knew everything about everything!  He was fun to joke around with and he was very helpful.I just can't say enough about this restaurant and, in particular, the tasting menu experience.  It's not cheap by any means, but if you ever have the opportunity to try this, it's a MUST.  I cannot wait until I get the chance to go back (although I am sure my arteries will enjoy the break)...
<review# 831,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2012,6/29/2012,44,227,,4,3>I work at UC and often pass by this restaurant, except..er...I never knew it was a restaurant. Somewhere along my many drive bys I got the impression, or saw a sign, that (I thought) referenced groceries. They do still sell things in containers and provide take out, but this is definitely NOT a grocery store. I only learned about this place as a restaurant from a friend who frequents it with his girlfriend. They raved about the falafel, and I'm always down for a fried chickpea ball, so one night after work we headed to check things out. Mediterranean Foods is general in its name (the chef is Moroccan) and inconspicuous in its building. The night we were there it was quite diverse in clientele. I know there are international students around Clifton due to the university, but there was a group of about 20 men there who enjoyed a meal, spoke a language I was unfamiliar with (Arabic?), and unexpectedly took me to a place I've only experienced while traveling abroad, where I was in the minority and quite intrigued by what was going on. I frequent a Greek restaurant on the west side, and honestly expected the same from Mediterranean Foods, but what I got felt like a truly global experience; I have never had Moroccan food. It was not all that different than other places in the same category, but the details (hot sauce and soups) were different enough that it was clear we weren't eating Greek food. If I appear naive or uncultured, I apologize, but that was part of the joy of this experience. Realizing that Mediterranean food can be done in many ways, as well as getting to see a community I never knew was in Clifton/Cincinnati, interacting almost as if they were dining at home on a Sunday night, was pretty neat. I know that this might not be the scene I encounter on another visit, but the TV off in the corner, the thick accents and the hum of another language, cooks who were concerned about our quality and approval of their offerings (and that we leave full), along with people who did not look like the typical Cincinnati citizen, really made this experience special. Adding to it, the food was awesome! While they were out of falafel, the schwarma and the lamb gyro hit the spot. We also had the Moroccan soup, harir, which was great on a winter night. It was put together at the counter in front of us and tasted fresh. We finished off the night with a kataifi (shreaded wheat, almonds, sweet and sticky goodness), and a special treat for me was that they carry Sasparilla- something I recall from my childhood. It was satisfying in ways a typical meal may not be because it felt like a cultural experience, but moreover it was solid (and reasonably priced) in hospitality and flavor. I think they offer that regardless of the company.I give thanks to this place for filling my belly with good food, but also for challenging my perception of what I'd find inside. It was not a grocery, true, but it also hosted a community I wasn't previously aware of in Cincinnati. Two cheers for more diversity (and always for finding new, good food). Go Moroccan!
<review# 832,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/22/2011,6/28/2012,73,258,,4,2>I never knew how good a cupcake could be. We had a sleep over for my daughter's birthday. She invited three other girls and my wife had ordered several cup cakes. They were all gone in no time. This doesn't usually happen. We usually buy a cake or something like that and after everyone has too much the left over quarter or half is finally trashed three days later. The reason was that the cupcakes were excellent. Not just excellent - incredible. They were so good that I'm mad I've been made to eat anything else before. The person behind the counter was all business. No charm there. But when ordering she didn't ask mom what 10-year old daughter wanted she addressed the 10 year old directly and professionally. That's nice too. I appreciate someone talking to my kid like she's an intelligent human being...because she is.
<review# 833,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2012,6/27/2012,103,257,1,1,1>One of Covington's best kept secrets. We first discovered Blinkers almost a year ago when they partcipated in Yelp Eats. Ever since then we've been hooked on their bread pudding (flavors change all the time & we have yet to find one we didn't love) and $5 Any Burger Mondays. Can't go wrong with any of them. They also now have Tex Mex Tuesdays with $5 margaritas, half off apps all day Wednesdays, and $10.95 chicken dinners with a side and salad on Thursdays. My husband likes to order a fish or pasta dish each time we come.The clientele does skew towards the older end, which I don't get, but it's better than young punks around all the time, right? Service is always friendly and thorough. When the weather is nice be sure to sit in the back patio area. It'll make your meal feel like a special event. There's also plenty of outside seating in front of the restaurant. The back atrium is nice too, but can get loud if there's a lot of other big groups. Tip: There's parking in the back of the restaurant. Before you pass it on your right, turn down the alley in between Blinkers & Sidebar.Best part: They are part of the Smoke-Free Northern KY initiative, so you can enjoy your food/drink without worrying about that cigarette nonsense!
<review# 834,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2011,6/26/2012,115,118,,4,2>Color me surprised. After hearing bad stories about Lavomatic for quite a while, it wasn't until a food blogger friend mentioned having some really good experiences here that we felt like giving it a try.  We had a party of six and didn't feel like waiting so Lavomatc it was.We all started with a craft beer and their draft beer was very good.  I started with a Lost Coast Indica IPA and my husband had the Smuttynose Robust Porter. One or two of the beers on the menus were out, but the replacement beers were just as good.  I started with the bourbon butter scallops appetizer and they cooked quite well. I just wish they had had a bit more flavor. I had the grilled romaine salad with chicken as my entree.  This was the big surprise.  Instead of just a few pieces of chicken thrown on it, this came with a whole grilled chicken breast half.  I had always wanted to try a grilled romaine salad since I saw Alton Brown make one on "Good Eats".  I was so glad I ordered it!  Great flavor and lots of blue cheese.Dessert was a Kentucky Bourbon Barrel Ale and more chatting with our friends.  Now, it wasn't an inexpensive night. The total for my husband and I was $94 before the tip.  All in all, it was a really good meal and we'll be back.  Hopefully, Lavomatic won't let us down in the future.
<review# 835,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2012,6/25/2012,1176,558,2,3,4>STREETPOPS! STREETPOPS! READ ALL ABOUT IT! The answer to everything. Bad day? Get a Streetpop! Good day? Celebrate with a Streetpop! Because I live downtown and I am active in the community people ask me for advice on where to go and I usually start by suggesting Streetpops. Simply because it has something for everyone. Are you a stuck up food snob? Get the Thai-Basil. Are you picky? Get the Raspberry Lemonade. Adventurous? Try the Pineapple Haberno. Savory? Get the Strawberry Cheesecake with real Graham cracker swirls! Also, the menu changes seasonally so there are always new and excited flavors to try. If you are a bad picker like myself, go for the best sellers, or whatever they recommend you really can't go wrong they are all delicious! Enough salivating, there are more reasons than just good flavors to come here. Streetpops is part of the original revitalization of Over the Rhine and surrounding communities. There presence in the community does not go unnoticed. I always love seeing them whether it be at Second Sunday's, the City Flea or at their awesome NEW store on Main Street it is always a pleasure. The employees are always friendly and greet you with a smile. The owner Sara, is fresh-faced and passionate about the brand she has created. So go ahead, indulge in what is now a Cincinnati staple. You won't be disappointed!
<review# 836,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2012,6/24/2012,103,130,,2,4>Strawberry Daiquiri #1 - The daiquiri was not to bad - it was very refreshing and hit the spot that we were looking for.  Not too strong though.I'm pretty satisfied with this place.  The atmosphere is the best part - it has a nice deck overlooking the river.  It's far enough a way from the city that there's not noisy distractions.  It's a very chill place!  I've been there twice and been so fortunate to have a crystal clear day while the sun is setting and I was right on the edge of the deck.  It was perfect (perhaps why I think it's so great).  The food was pretty decent and the drink we're decent.  But the place itself is just awesome.  I'm hoping to spend a couple more evenings out there this summer!
<review# 837,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2012,6/23/2012,68,151,2,3,3>I am happy to report that, after 18 months of exhaustive research, I have found the best pizza in Cincinnati, I just had to go to Kentucky to find it! Buonavita Pizzeria in Dayton, KY is a family-owned business situated in an old bank building. In fact, one of the old vaults is used as a private dining room for guests! The restaurant has only been in business for a few years, but the room has a very old feel to it. The marble floor extends from the front door to the bar at the far end. There's a bit of quirkiness to the environment: The bar seats are somewhat uneven in height. My wife was 3 inches higher that me, providing her with endless pleasure throughout the meal!There are numerous schools of thought when it comes to pizza. Some like traditional New York-style like you would find at Ramundo's in Mt. Lookout. Others prefer a Chicago deep-deep like the famed Gino's East. Donato's offers its partons a very thin crust with salty pepperoni. The boys at Buonavita use a gas oven, cooking directly on the stone. The dough yields a thin crust, somewhere between Ramundo's and Donato's. It reminded me of DiPietro's of Trenton NJ but with a uniform shape. There are clear burn marks on the bottom of the crisp crust, a result of direct exposure to the stone. This is not a style of pizza that dictates a plethora of ingredients. We stuck to our usual: all onion with half pepperoni and half sausage. It was the perfect combination. I could see the oregano sprinkled over top of the pie. I was able to perform a classic New York slice fold with ease and devour the delicious food!I can't forget the service, which what over-the-top terrific. I had  asked my wife if I might borrow her iPhone. She warned me that the battery was extremely warn down. Joseph, the bartender (one of the family members) overheard her comment and rushed back with an iPhone charger and plugged it in while we waited for our pie!This is the official pizzeria of the Bond household. Expect to see us as a regular fixture in this Dayton haunt!!
<review# 838,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2011,6/22/2012,60,98,4,5,1>Dusmesh serves the best Indian food in Cincinnati. I had heard many friends declare this within the last year, but I hadn't tried it until a job placement landed me within walking distance. Now, I walk there at least once a week for the lunch buffet, and it never disappoints. Okay, maybe I was disappointed one time, but they were ridiculously crowded and were having trouble keeping up with the demand. That was once in the last 10 visits, and I can't dock them points for being so popular; they've earned their loyal following.My favorite dish is probably the broccoli and chicken (something about the sweet tanginess of the sauce and a nice level of heat). I pretty much love everything else that I've tried, too.I'm now such a repeat customer that I have the layout of the buffet memorized. I am really glad that I started going here before the weather turned cold, because now that it has, the buffet fogs up my glasses and I have to rest them on my head as I somewhat blindly glop their delicious food onto my plate. The atmosphere is nice, kind of cozy, actually. The staff is probably the friendliest ever, too. The parking lot is tiny, but there is on-street parking available nearby.
<review# 839,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2012,6/21/2012,51,103,,2,5>Knockback's is becoming one of my favorite bars in Cincinnati.  When every other bar is full of hipsters and trendsetters Knockback's is full of down to earth people just wanting to chill and have a drink with friends.Why might you ask is this becoming my favorite bar?  Could be because of the food. I actually just recently discovered that they served food and that's it's really delicious. Most divey bars when they serve food you might get some nachos or something deep fried. Knockback's has a full menu with killer pulled pork and a to die for chicken sandwich! And you won't find a better value anywhere close!Maybe it's the all you can eat popcorn? That has to be it! This is hands down the best bar popcorn I have ever had. It's salty, buttery and absolutely delicious and addicting. I'm not sure but they may very well put crack in it. If you're lucky enough to get the baseball glove you'll be eating popcorn all night without needing a refil.Nope.....it' has to be the bartender!  On any given Saturday night she is there by herself running back and forth between 10 or so customers wanting a drink and never missing a step. Hand her your credit card to start a tab and the next time you go up she remembers what you had the time before and your name, I just wish I could remember her's.  She has to be one of the top 10 bartenders in the city.Want to go to this bar? Want to go to that bar? No, I want to go to Knockback Nats!-ADDITION-Thanks Scott M.-----Bartender is Brooke!!!!!
<review# 840,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2012,6/20/2012,10,68,,2,1>Another good Korean restaurant in Cincinnati area. I have heard great things about this place but never had a chance because it's in Covington where I do not visit very often. But I finally got to try today.As for food, I think they are doing pretty good job of cooking Korean cuisine. The side dishes are plenty in number and taste great. Our group shared Bi Bim Bap, stir-fried octopus, stir-fried pork and squid, and bosam. You can't really go wrong with the bi bim bap since it's rice mixed with vegetables and choice of meat. So nothing much to judge there. All the stir-fried dishes we ordered them medium although we are all Koreans there are some people do not like too spicy. I don't think they are authentic which I do not mean they are bad. You are not selling the foods to Korean here but all other people. You don't have to be 100% authentic. That being said, I think Riverside Korean does great job of balancing two different worlds. I would say they are Americanized Korean foods with advantage of both cultures. Bo Sam was decent, too. I like the fact they cut the pork belly thick. That way you can enjoy the meat more.I did not have any problem with service. So why 4 stars? I think it's the problem for all the Korean restaurants in Cincinnati area - too expensive. 15+ dollars for entrees is ridiculous to me. I really think Korean restaurants are taking advantage of being such a small numbers in Cincinnati. But it is really a personal thing, and I guess other people do not have problem with it since the restaurant keeps good business. Overall I think it's good restaurant to have, and I will come back to try variety of foods especially grilled items and soups.
<review# 841,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2012,6/19/2012,94,65,3,2,1>This will be short but awesome, just like Thai Express (sort of).  Thai Express is tiny, authentic, fast, cheap, and SO GOOD.  There's a reason they've won best carry out in Cincinnati years on years on years.  They've never gotten my order wrong, the food has always been really great, and those ladies are just too cute.  I like going here in the dead heat of summer when it's steamy and sweaty inside and pretending I'm actually in Thailand.Best fast Thai in Cincinnati, no competition.
<review# 842,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/2/2012,6/18/2012,204,335,,3,2>The decor is outstanding. The views are amazing. This IS a destination place and will require reservations. This is NOT a beer and bar joint for Reds spectators. This is a fine dining establishment meant to anchor the banks and serve as a destination point to bring people down to the area before shows or nights out.From the early reviews I've read on the Lager House I think expectations were varied. Maybe the Cunningham's could have managed the PR on this a little better stating what the concept was...The food was tremendous. Very large menu with a German base. Most of the choices of my party were outstanding. The dessert menu was amazing as well.So why 3 stars:The bar. I think the bar placement could have been better and certainly larger. Knowing how popular this was going to be and the fact that it is a brewer the bar should be quite large and enjoy it's own space. It's too small with not enough spaces and it needs it's own floor. With an hour and half wait and NO sitting spaces...including NO waiting area.....just didn't make for a good start to an evening.The beer. The choices and menu are amazing BUT you should have the beer in stock. I ordered 4 different beers before in finally choosing one they had in stock and this was after being told by our server that entire PAGES of their drink menu were unavailable. I know the place is new but this seems to be a bit unusual. I have to agree that the opening my have been rushed for Bockfest. I don't honestly think they were ready. After about 6-8 months of being open I have a suspicion this review will be 4 to 5 stars. Right now however, there are serious kinks to work out.
<review# 843,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2012,6/17/2012,2,85,2,2,2>Came here for the first time Friday night and... shocker... it wasn't that hard to figure out how to order as a first-timer! Amazing! (Pro tip: order at the bar, take your ticket to the kitchen window, have a seat.) Awesome jerked-tofu burrito (another pro tip: put the chips in it), great margaritas, nice chill vibe. Can't wait to come back for the Peach Kelli Pop show in April - should be a lot of fun!One funny thing: when we ordered drinks after dinner, I told the bartender my last name for the tab and she was all, "We use first names here?" So just be aware of that "first-timer vs. regular atmosphere," but she was endearing, and that's kind of how a lot of places in Cincinnati are anyway, so... I can dig it.
<review# 844,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2012,6/16/2012,26,154,,2,1>I always seemed to skip over this truck because its neighbors enticed me so (I've frequently seen it next to New Orleans To Go - and that's my people).  I finally got around to eating here today at City Flea.  Since they're known for their burgers, I had to get one.  But which one?  Ah, yes, the Tower of Power.  Why yes, I did want more meat on the sandwich than that third pound burger.  How did you know I wanted another 1/4 pound of pulled pork?  Delicious.  The cheddar burger on its own would have been a good burger, but the pulled pork makes it great.  In fact, one of the better burgers in the city.  You just gotta find em first.  I would point out that it's $7+ for a burger, and that does not include fries or a drink.Bottom Line:  I'll be back for the manliest burger I've eaten this year.
<review# 845,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2012,6/15/2012,23,84,,1,1>Second Sunday is so much fun. Yelp had a booth there that was handing out pretty excellent stuff! There was live music by a band that was really great! (They are called Hospitality) the day was perfect- bright and sunny. Be sure to bring a little money, because I can guarantee you won't get throughout the shops without seeing something you want. At the very least, you'll say "wow, thats so clever!" a few times. Everyone is there to do what you're there to do- have a good time. Bring a dog, a friend, a lover, (those might be one thing- not that there's anything wrong with that!) and spend a sunday afternoon in a lively part of town! PS. Most of the tents are willing to negotiate price- try it!
<review# 846,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2012,6/14/2012,0,8,,2,1>Amazing. I'll probably never order anything aside from their double burger with cheese, onions, peppers & special sauce.. but I'll vouch my life for anything this man(Sonny's father.. as he named the business after his child) makes at this little Anderson Township hole-in-the-wall. Didn't get to meet the man personally.. as he was in the back preparing mine and another family's food, but his wife was extremely nice when taking my order.Great quality toppings and everything is made fresh to order. You can't really compare it to other burger places around Cincinnati.. you'll have to taste it to understand, but comparing a Terry's or Quatman's burger to this one would be unfair to both businesses.. I don't know if's truly the 3 meats or something else, but they almost seem incomparable and two different food items. All I know is that it's a helluva burger and you can get two burgers at Sonny's(both of which come with a side order at no added cost--their fries are fresh-cut and delicious, too) for the price of one at either of Cincinnati's two other famous burger spots. I really hope this place makes it.. so tell all of your yuppie and non-yuppie friends about it. I'd certainly prefer waiting in line next time behind some non-yuppies, though, so perhaps tell them first.
<review# 847,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2012,6/13/2012,48,198,,1,1>What a great mall.  I drove all the way from Beavercreek just to walk around and shop at the stores that aren't available in the Dayton area like Lush, Madewell, J Crew, H&M, Crate & Barrell, and the Container Store just to mention a few. The Macy's makeup counter is pretty amazing here... I came here on a Sunday and it was not extremely crowded for my standards.  I am used to San Antonio crowds, and to me Ohio crowds are really nothing compared to that.  The only negative I have is that the food court is nothing special, but they do have a Cheesecake Factory and Maggiano's (which I really like).
<review# 848,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2011,6/12/2012,189,158,2,3,2>You know a restaurant has to be good, when I'm giving it 5 stars, I ate something I would never order, and I didn't even sit at a real table. But yes, 5 stars it gets!I live literally one block from Nicola's, and have been hearing about it since we moved in. Our neighbor told us about the neighborhood special, which is $13 for their spaghetti bolognese and a salad. I figured I'd try it, because Nicola's is supposed to be amazing but mostly out of my price range except for special occasions. I wasn't sure it would live up to the hype--from the outside, it looks like a dump (it shares an awning with a bank). But when George Clooney was in town, he actually went there several times, and I figure he has a place in Italy so he probably knows a bit about Italian food.Well, the only thing on the special is the Spaghetti Bolognese. You don't get another option. And you have to eat in the bar, which I think had about 8 seats (though apparently, if you want the special and the bar is full, they will seat you at a table--but the bartender didn't offer that to the couple that came in when the bar was full, so I can't vouch for that). And the thing is, I don't really like spaghetti. Well, technically, I don't really like red sauce they usually put on spaghetti. It bores me. But, I ordered it because it was my only cheap option, and I'm very cheap.Well. I was sure in for a surprise!I ordered a $10 glass of wine, because I figured it would be a crime not to have wine, and that was their cheapest wine. I thought that it might be crappy wine but I was wrong, and that impressed me.Next, they brought out a bread basket. This basket of bread was the best basket of bread I've ever  had in my life. I actually wanted to ask if I could order JUST the bread basket sometime, and take it home. It was so incredible it almost made me cry.Then, they brought the salad. Just a green salad, perfectly dressed. It was the Jackie O of salads. Even my husband, who rarely eats vegetables if he can help it, ate his entire portion. Which bummed me out, because I kind of wanted his portion after I finished mine. But before I could get too upset, they brought the pasta.I expected to be incredibly underwhelmed, since I don't like what I ordered. But this--this was exquisite. It was fantastic...it tasted like it was made with the highest quality, freshest ingredients, and maybe even magic. It made me rethink spaghetti. It was a big plateful, and I ate the entire thing. My only regret is that because of that, I was too full for dessert and they looked good.I am a huge fan of the neighborhood special. It's not something we can even do weekly--two glasses of wine and two specials puts you at $50 before tip--but it was well worth it, and we'll be back!
<review# 849,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2012,6/11/2012,24,61,3,2,3>Did you know that before Mai Thai was Mai Thai, it was Long John Silvers?Yep, this delicious Thai restaurant is housed in a former seafood fast food chain. The only way you can really tell it was a LJS is the floors and maybe the way the bar looks.Seafood aside, if you want delicious, yummy, make your mouth drool Thai food, go to Mai Thai. You will not be disappointed!Mai Thai used to be this sweet little secret on 42 but now a lot of people have caught on which means you'll probably have to wait for a table if you go around dinner. The waiting area is pretty small - it's right by the door/cash register area and has 2 chairs and that's it. But the space itself is pretty small, so there isn't much they can do about this. They don't do call ahead seating, so either get there early or make a reservation.I've never had their sushi or a drink from the bar so I'm not sure how those things fare. My husband gets the Thai Iced Tea every time we go there and he loves it. As for the food itself, it is so good. Vegetables are fresh and delicious, the meat is great, portions are excellent (if not slightly large, which means leftovers) and the price is reasonable. The sauces are flavorful. It's an all around great experience. Probably better than Sweet Basil. If you go there a lot... like we do... the servers eventually get to know you, as well, which is fun. The servers are very nice and professional. Never had a bad experience there.If you go there when they're busy and there is no parking in their lot, you can park at the nearby business area that's just immediately to the left of the restaurant (if you're looking straight on at the restaurant).
<review# 850,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2012,6/10/2012,76,315,2,6,2>I am SOOOOOO sad this place got its liquor license.  The food here is good, not great and reasonably priced.  We frequented it many times last summer and fall before hitting the Mt.  Lookout bars.We have tried just about everything on the menu.  The appetizer sampler is very good and reasonable priced.  I have tried so many of the entrees, I couldn't even tell you which is best.  They are all good.Service is always great.  Almost every time we were there it was almost empty, which meant our group could enjoy ourselves to any volume level we chose.  Unfortunately, this is pretty far from my house and I don't think I will go out of my way to go here now that I have to add the cost of drinks to my bill.
<review# 851,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2011,6/9/2012,66,84,,3,3>Thanks to my fellow Yelpers, I found Bar 71.  I think it's a hidden gem, tucked away near Clarion Inn and Suites.  You probably would not see it if you weren't looking for it.  I actually live close by and had never ventured here until last night.If you are looking for trendy, this place is not for you.If you don't care about what others think and just want to have some  down to earth fun, then well, Bar 71 may be it.The crowd is an eclectic mix, but last night, it was 80/20, with women being the majority.  People ranged in age from 20s to 60s.  The dress here is casual. I saw people in jeans, shorts, and tank tops.There are two bars (one side bar with nobody there, really and one main bar near the stage). They had a cover band playing last night, and it was a $5 charge to get in.  I felt that was fair.  There is a dance floor, and there were some crazy ladies were getting down on the dance floor.  My friends and I felt comfortable enough here to dance a little bit.  We felt it was a relaxed environment where you can just be silly.The cover band did play rock, but at the end, they also played a "hoe dance" or "hoe down" song.  I'm not sure docey doe (sp?) is my thing, but hey, it was amusing to me and my girlfriends to sit back and watch.I only had one mixed drink, but it tasted very sugary.  I think another Yelper had mentioned the drinks taste "off," so I have to second her on that remark.  One star is knocked off, because no waitress came up to us.  We had a waitress take orders from every table around us, except us.  I have no idea why, and we waited an awful long time.  We ended up walking up to the bar and grabbing our own drinks, but it was just strange that she took drink orders from adjacent tables but not us.All, in all, I liked this place and will come back.
<review# 852,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2012,6/8/2012,61,86,,3,3>So, to be perfectly honest up until a week or so ago I didn't think this place was still open. Their "lunch only" hours are slightly confusing to me...and they don't do Sunday brunch which is sort of blasphemous in Northside. I finally made it there when they were open though and it was a pleasant dining experience. Really any place that offers me a giant pancake as a complimentary side item is A-okay in my book. I had the Greek omelet and it was mighty tasty.Blue Jay actually had a large number of Greek items on their menu which was surprising for a place that feels like your typical greasy spoon diner. The wait staff are very friendly and the prices are about what you'd expect.If you have the fortune of passing by Blue Jay when they are actually open I do suggest stopping in. They have breakfast and lunch items as well as a revolving selection of desserts (they have baklava mmmm!) All and all a thoroughly enjoyable meal, service, ambiance combination.
<review# 853,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2012,6/7/2012,45,137,2,2,2>A great Mexican place just down the street?  I'm going to have to roll myself home after I full up on all you can eat salsas from the salsa bar, boasting everything from traditional tomatoes to pumpkin and peanut, amazing bean dip, tortas the size of a forearm, and all the traditional offerings a Mexican restaurant should offer.  The super friendly staff attends to every need (even helping you carry your salsa!) in the latest addition to this revitalized Mariemont strip mall off Wooster.  The clean, new interior has two levels with ample television viewing angles and unobtrusive Latin party music in the background.  So far, this place hasn't been discovered as a great place to grab a cheap meal quickly but I don't think it will stay a secret for very long.
<review# 854,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2012,6/6/2012,181,524,2,3,2>Yelpers, we're not in Cincinnati anymore. Aside from the fact that this is a hike from Cincinnati, my group really enjoyed our dinner at Anna Ree's. The food was good (especially the gator taters and crawfish flatbread!) and service was friendly. They have a great outdoor seating area that we intend to enjoy when the weather is better.  While I'm no useful measure on authenticity, in my limited experience of Cajun/Creole style food, the food here is pretty good.  We enjoyed the music, thought it didn't seem particularly New Orleans the night we visited. This is a fun place for a little excursion and some decently priced food!
<review# 855,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2011,6/5/2012,88,93,4,5,3>My second place of sushi in Cincinnati just happened to be right down the road from where my bff used to live. She said she had a good experience there so we went. They offer hibachi here too which I'll have to go check out at a later date ... and I'll update this.We ordered 5 rolls and edamame which was the perfect appetizer to my already starving belly. Our server was a great guy ... so great that I forgot his name and feel terrible. Anyway - he was quick and attentive and very sweet to us. The sushi came out quick and was neatly presented on a big rectangular plate. Their Dragon roll is yum ... it's hard to mess that one up but I love it (Eel and avocado basically). I can't remember which roll it was but there was crab on top of it ... that one is to die for.I can't wait to go back and get that crab topped delight and try other rolls. It's not the most amazing place I've ever been to but it'll definitely keep me happy. I can't think of a complaint. :)Great job Hibachi Masters and Sushi Genuises.
<review# 856,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2012,6/4/2012,14,64,,2,1>I was relatively new to yoga and pilates when I discovered Covington Yoga.  It has a welcoming, intimate feel to it, and I immediately felt comfortable. There are several classes offered during the week, and the location is easy to find.  Parking is typically available, especially after business hours. The instructors are friendly and always offer options that are more/less challenging to accommodate varying levels of ability in the class. The space is cozy but big enough to allow for a full class.  Most of all, the classes are challenging and relaxing.  I always leave feeling stronger and more centered, and I look forward to returning.
<review# 857,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2012,6/3/2012,52,101,2,5,2>I grew up in Cincinnati so when I think of chili I don't think of anything but smooth warm-spiced chili with a hint of cinammon and chocolate served over spaghetti and topped with a mound of cheddar cheese. As a kid my favorite was always Skyline Chili for a couple of reasons. Number one, because Gold Star Chili tastes like awfulness that died in a toxic dump and was then reincarnated as grossness (sorry Gold Star but even the allure of hand-dipped milkshakes won't make me turn a blind eye to your watery bland chili). And number two, I had no idea that there were dope locally owned Cincinnati chili shops spread out all over the tri-state. For the past ten years I incorrectly believed that Camp Washington Chili was absolutely the best. And then one day I stumbled upon Blue Ash Chili.When I opened the menu the first thing I saw was the chili lasagna and after reading the description I nearly passed out. How has nobody thought of this before? A lasagna layered with wonderful Cincinnati-style chili, sour cream, and cheddar cheese. Oh and don't forget about two slices of garlic bread thrown in for good cheer! And the creativity doesn't stop there folks. They also make a chili philly which combines my two favorite things in life - chili and cheesesteaks! But the best thing on the menu isn't the chili lasagna or the chili philly. Its the 6-way. You read it right. A SIX WAY! If you're from Cincinnati then you already know that a 5-way consists of five ingredients - spaghetti, chili, onions, beans, and cheese. So what is the sixth ingredient that makes it a 6-way? Fried jalapeno caps! Yes, I know, it's brilliant!I'm assuming the people that run Blue Ash Chili must have a PhD from Harvard in Culinary Swagger because they have really outdone themselves with this menu. I don't have the space to list all the great menu items here but rest assured that whether you're looking for the most basic but stunning cheese coneys or something that's going to change your dietary life forever, Blue Ash Chili has it!
<review# 858,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2011,6/2/2012,52,111,,8,1>I have never been to a hot yoga class before so I can't compare it to others in the area, but I have really enjoyed my time so far at Cincinnati Bikram Yoga. The studio is brand new and the owner, Chelsea, is so welcoming and supportive.There are a lot of newbies in the classes now since this is the first Bikram studio in Ohio...and Chelsea (and the "guest teachers" she has had) are really good about taking a little extra time with the newbies without slowing down the whole class for the more experienced yogis.Just go prepared to SWEAT!- and sleep like a baby when you get home :)
<review# 859,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/28/2011,6/1/2012,25,59,2,3,2>Great ServiceGreat Curry Great Pad See EweI have eaten at Mae Ploy at least a dozen times and I have yet to be disappointed. I am always greeted by friendly staff and served hot, delicious food. Pad See Ewe is my go to for most lunch visits. When you order an entree at lunch you will be served a cup of a delicious hot and sour soup with chicken, tofu, noodles and numerous other ingredients that make for quite an enjoyable soup with a variety of spices and flavors. The spicy scale runs from 1 - 10 and I typically get an 8, not terribly hot for me but a great balance of spice and flavor. A word of warning though, there seems to be a significant jump between an 8 and a 10. If you need to clear your sinuses a 10 will do it! I can also recommend the yellow curry, a great balance of spices, sweetness, and heat (if you so choose). The pineapple and potatoes meld wonderfully in the curry. Their Pad Thai is also extremely tasty, though I have only tried it a couple of times.  This is one of my favorite restaurants in the tri-state and is a must visit for any fan of Thai food. Great food at even better prices. Just make sure to not miss it, the large sign still does not display their name. Don't let the external appearance cause you to miss a great meal!Update: I am lowering my rating by one star as the food and service has gone down from what it used to be. Today it was 35 minutes from the time i walked in until I had food, it was 15 minutes before i even got to order or get a drink. The server was clearly overwhelmed and even the cook was serving and bussing tables. My favorite dish, the Pad See Ewe has been changed with the addition of onions and a fresh herb, basil maybe, that totally overwhelmed the dish and was not served with broccoli. The typically delicious soup was just ok as well. I hope this is a temporary slide as this was a fantastic Thai restaurant.
<review# 860,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2011,5/31/2012,64,340,,3,2>Last Thursday after getting our son's hair cut at a nearby location, my wife and I stopped into Shaan Indian Cuisine for dinner, dragging our almost one year old son with us. We thought we could sneak in a quick dinner, but after sitting down it was quickly evident that the haircut alone had tested his patience and he didn't want to sit in a high chair. We decided to put in a carry out order and enjoy it at home where he could run around freely.The restaurant itself wasn't too crowded, but it was past seven o'clock. The room is pretty small with booths lining the left and right walls along with a few bigger tables in the middle of the restaurant. At the back is an area for the lunch buffet, which I would like to try sometime, and a counter for paying the bill along with an entry to the kitchen. The staff were all very friendly and had no issue with us changing our order to carry out, which was ready in less than fifteen minutes.My choice for dinner, chicken vindaloo, should come as no surprise as it is one of my favorite Indian dishes. I love the spiciness of it and found Shaan's heat level four of six to be right on! I could have probably ordered a five but I know that my wife wouldn't have liked it to be that hot and we were sharing our dishes. The chicken and potato mix was good, though I could have used a few more potatoes in my serving.My wife decided on the chicken tikka masala, another very popular dish. She ordered a two of six on the spice scale since we were going to feed some of it to our son too. The chicken in this dish appeared to have been cooked in a Tandoor oven as it had the trademark pink outside. The taste of this dish was excellent and the tomato, onion, and butter sauce was perfect. I might have liked this dish better than the vindaloo and I loved the vindaloo.We also had a side of garlic nan ($2.99) that was easily large enough for the both of us and with extra to go with our leftovers the next day. The serving size of both meals we ordered was more than enough and the $10.99 price tag for each seemed fairly priced. Though I've yet to try another Indian restaurant in Cincinnati, it will be hard for them to compare to a wonderful experience at Shaan.
<review# 861,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2012,5/30/2012,69,67,,5,4>One of my favorite spots in Bellevue.  A small, family run tea and spice shop, they have every kind of tea I can think of and it's been fun trying new flavors.  They have an amazing spice selection as well, and even though I don't cook much, it's very convenient when a recipe calls for a "pinch" of something I don't have.  You can literally go in and tell them you need a "pinch" of a spice and they will sell you as much or as little as you need.The family that owns Thyme Square is friendly and knowledgeable about their products.  They love the place and make everyone feel welcome inside.  I've spent plenty of time sipping tea and just talking with whoever is working.They also have events and contests going on all the time, so make sure to ask about them when you stop by!
<review# 862,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2011,5/29/2012,48,167,2,4,2>When I think of El Pueblo, I think of their delicious chips & salsa and friendly service.  I don't get to go very often, but when I do, they always remember me.  They have an awesome Chile Relleno and I really like their rice as well.  It's a little different and you can give it an extra bit of yumminess if you squeeze a lemon on it.  My only complaint would be the shredded chicken.  I typically love a chicken soft taco, but there's so much juice, it's almost a stew in your taco.  It's a bit too messy, but it does have good flavor.  A little extra straining would be perfect.There's a nice outdoor eating area as well as a separate indoor bar area in the back.  Sometimes they have live entertainment during happy hour, which I have enjoyed on several occasions!
<review# 863,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2012,5/28/2012,81,56,,2,1>I thoroughly enjoyed karting at Full Throttle.  I had never experienced go-karting like this.  My previous experience was go karting outside at places that had putt putt too.  Full Throttle is in a whole other league.  These karts can motor!  They can get up to 40mph.  There aren't long stretches of straight aways to take advantage of the speed.  I may have been very precautious in my first stint out.  I will have to test the limits next time since there were some zooming past me and I thought I was going long pretty well.  Before the race you have to watch a safety video and you are outfitted with a helmet and neck brace, they take safety seriously too.  They also have people around the track to monitor the flow of the race and control crazy drivers and help if you are stuck.  They are maybe why I didn't test the limits, I didn't want to get flagged.  They have an arcade area and a large 8 lane toy race track too that you can race with your friends with a scoreboard with all your stats as well.  Lane 3 and 4 are the easiest supposedly.  I would definitely go back if I felt the need for speed!
<review# 864,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/21/2012,5/27/2012,40,121,,1,1>What a beautiful old building.  I have had a chance to attend a couple of meeting in the Masonic Temple and taken a tour afterward. It has seem to be such a secretive place for so long it is nice that it is opening up more for outside events.  There are a variety of rooms for meetings and receptions.  There is even a chapel.  There are also 2 auditoriums, which will be used for the world choir games. It has such a historical old world feel inside the place, older than the building is. For the world choir games, besides some of the newer theatre's it is great that we do have some older (although still young by most of the world standards) auditoriums to show off.  If you get a chance to visit the masonic temple, try to see if you can get a tour, it is well worth the visit and an option for a special event or a work meeting, it you want something that is different and full of history.
<review# 865,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2012,5/26/2012,73,345,,5,1>If you blink, you'll miss itYou kind of have to drive past it, turn down a no outlet street, turn down another no outlet street and park in the back.When you enter you'll find a small seating area.  This is the only seating area.  You will be greeted by a record player that's hooked up to an amplifier.  It's a little bit of a jenky set up, but it kind of has this awesome retro feel, like some teenager was trapped at grandma's and was in dire need of some tunage, so he just made due.  The employees sort of hide off in the kitchen at back, so you have to get their attention if you want some grub.  This is one of those places where you have to go up and order and then they will bring you your food, but you wouldn't know that unless someone told you.  I imagine a younger version of me sitting down in the front area and getting steamed that no one had yet to serve me.I ordered the pulled pork sandwich upon my first visit and was not disappointed.  I love BBQ and this was definitely up to snuff.  The sauce is smokey and sweet with the slightest bit of kick (maybe not spicy enough for some).  They do not provide adult beverages, but you can bring your own.  I would totally come back.Fair Warning: Cash or Check only.
<review# 866,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/1/2011,5/25/2012,39,54,2,3,3>So the first week I found out about this place I went three times, and I'm usually kind of OCD about fatty foods. Take that as my initial recommendation. With Stuffed on Vine gone (perhaps forever, though I hold out hope), Cincinnati needs a new burger champion, and I unabashedly nominate this place. Sure, it's some generic kitschy dive off Dixie Highway, of all places. But it has good burgers. Really good burgers. Think Five Guys, but you get more for your money. I got the Pride of Zeus, for instance, thinking it would just be a burger with lamb meat instead of beef. Wrong--it was in fact a burger with lamb meat AND beef. That's the kind of place this is. Split a large fry with a friend and you've got a meal that's difficult to finish even for someone like me, who can pack it away when necessary. Also they have beer, which is unusual for a fast food joint.On the downside, the food is about the only thing this place has going for it. The atmosphere somehow manages to be both bare-bones and conflicted at the same time, as though the owner picked up half a dozen random objects from a garage sale and figured he was done. The service is the usual dead-eyed, unenthusiastic kid. One of the times I went there it was very clear they'd neglected to clean the bathroom. But hey, I give this place four stars anyway. That's how much I approve of the food. It's not gourmet by any stretch of the imagination, but it's exactly what you want if what you want is a burger. If nothing else, just order it to go.
<review# 867,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2012,5/24/2012,62,192,,7,8>It's a tricky thing, trying to write a review for Taste of Belgium when you are Belgian yourself... First of all, I love how Cincinnati loves Belgium. Or should I say loves Belgian beer and waffles? My very first reaction was: cool, people know Belgium! My second one: what about our chocolate and fries? And then I decided I should just go and check the Taste of Belgium restaurant in OTR, especially after at least 30 people had asked me if I had been... ("have you met Jean-François?")When I first heard there was a Belgian restaurant in Cincinnati, I thought: Great, I'll go there when I'm homesick :) Now that I have been twice, I must admit it doesn't really make me feel at home. That's because the food is Belgian, with an American twist.Which is great, because it introduces Belgian dishes to the US! Waterzooi, vol-au-vent, steak+fries+mayonnaise, Belgian stew. Amazing!On the other hand, it's really hard for me not to think about how these dishes taste in Belgium. The American twist is difficult to get used to... The fries are brown and salty, the vol-au-vent sauce is creamier than usual, the stew has a lot more spices than the traditional one. Don't get me wrong though, the food does taste deliciously, it's just that everything is a slightly bit different from what I would have expected.So it's probably just me who needs to get used to the American twist. I did try the waffle 'n chicken and let's be clear once and for all: this is not a Belgian dish with an American twist, it's an American dish with a Belgian waffle in it :) In Belgium you eat a waffle with sugar, or chocolate sauce; in the afternoon, with a hot chocolate. But never ever is it part of a meal. So putting my habits aside, I tried it and did really like it, even when it felt really weird! The chicken came with a sauce that was a bit to spicy for my taste, but the waffle came with syrup liegoise, so I dipped my chicken in that. mmmmmmmmmm!Taste of Belgium has a lot of great Belgian beers, including Liefmans Kriek: I'll definitely be back for that one!The other thing I really like about this place is that Jean-François, whom I have now met, is always out and about, talking to customers, cleaning up chairs and tables... You can just feel that he is a proud manager.I know I'll be back, to try out more americanized Belgian dishes. And who knows, I may get used to the American twist, eventually...
<review# 868,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2012,5/23/2012,55,175,2,5,3>I can see my husbands pupils enlarge every time I mention Take the Cake. A little bit of drool starts running down his chin if I go as far as to say "bread pudding."It's hard to believe such perfection exists in the world, but it does and you've found it. To give you some perspective, take the cake is so good that other restaurants buy from TTC to sell in their own stores. All dishes and desserts are sure to please and the ambiance is so inexplicably cool that you just have to try it for yourself.
<review# 869,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2011,5/22/2012,94,404,,5,2>Occupying a nondescript storefront on a quiet corner in the western reaches of downtown, Marrakech Cafe is a bit of a haul for me at lunchtime but it's a good option at that time of day.Conceptually, it's a bit of a typical Middle Eastern-slash-diner.  The menu is pretty short:  a handful of pita-wrap sandwiches (gyro, chicken, kofteh, felafel), burgers, salads, and a small lineup of Middle-Eastern dinners (mostly kebabs).  The sandwiches come with fries, potato salad, or cole slaw (and maybe one or two other choices). Although this menu is disappointingly short, what I've tried--a couple of the sandwiches--has been fresh-tasting, satisfying, and reasonably priced.  The gyro is one of the better ones I've had in Cincy--the gyro meat tenderer than normal, and the veggies fresher--and comes with a side and drink for $7.  Good deal.  But the entrees are twelve or thirteen dollars, a little pricey at lunch.  And it'd be nice if they'd add some more Middle Eastern sides and appetizers to the menu, e.g., hummus, babaghanoush, tabouli, lentil soup, etc.For a diner, the restaurant is appealing and sharp-looking:  brightly colored. almost festive decor; pleasantly lit; an attractive lunch counter; and good-sized, well-spaced tables.  (Hat-tip to Brad B. for the photos.) There's a comforting warmth to it.  And the staff is friendly, informative, and efficient.  Some folks wish Yelp had half-star ratings, and I kind of do, too.  For me, Marrakech Cafe is the epitome of a three-and-a-half star joint:  Not exciting or great, but decent and dependable.  Given the positive feel of this place, I bump the rating up rather than down.EDIT (6/13):  I have no idea why Yelp has changed the name of this restaurant to "Diner on Elm."  The prominent signage on the front of the building still says "Marrekech Cafe," and that is the name that appears on the menus as well.
<review# 870,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2012,5/21/2012,28,242,2,3,1>After one failed attempt to make it here, we were finally able to check out this new steak mecca in downtown Cincinnati. Let's start with the decor- very cool. You can definitely see Sinatra or some mobsters getting drinks at the bar. Speaking of the bar, the wine selection was excellent, and they had a cab that was delicious. Food- We had a edamame hummus appetizer that was good, but the pita that came with it was amazing. The steaks were delicious and juicy and oversized. They may be spendy, but you definitely got your money's worth from the steaks. The sides we ordered (some kind of potato) and asparagus were both out of this world. My friend told me she had a dream about the potatoes later that night. I told her she might have a problem. Anyway, we topped off the night with the creme brûlée and some sort of chocolate tart... both also amazing. Our waiter was extremely attentive, and when I got lost going to the restroom (not that hard to find, I just get lost a lot), one of the other waiters literally took me on his arm and escorted me there, lol. Overall, a great experience. We'll be back, but we'll save up first. Our bill was definitely in the $200 range.
<review# 871,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2012,5/20/2012,51,251,3,2,3>If you had never heard of this bar then you wouldn't know it even was there.  also just because you know of it doesn't mean you can find it.  I don't really know how to tell people how to get there because i always forget what alley it is down.  It is just this dark hole in the wall bar down a random alley that is great.  Once you find it you will be like how could i have never heard of this place before.  The food is great for bar food and it is cheap as hell.  It has that old time tavern feel with a dive bar twist.  It makes a great place to end the night at if you were out partying and needed a place to calm yourself.  Don't miss this place if you can find it.
<review# 872,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2011,5/19/2012,68,235,,5,3>I went there on a Saturday night around 8:30- the beer selection and prices are excellent, we perused the wine menu and it looked good- their pours are generous! We sat at the bar, which was cute and cozy before it got pretty packed (around 10ish). I went outside to check out the patio area, and it was completely full (and loud), but it looks like a sweet spot if you aren't there on the weekend, about six tables and a bocce ball court. Outside in the front there is a walk up beer window for take aways which is really fun. Overall I would go back, but probably during the week when it's a little quieter. We ended up leaving after one drink because the clientele wasn't really jiving with us- either young professionals post-frat/sorority or older men/couples.
<review# 873,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2012,5/18/2012,82,119,1,5,2>Tucked away in a West Side strip mall, this is definitely a fairly nondescript storefront. Once inside, it is filled with lots of fun goodies for home brewers. Customer service is always great.  I attended a brewing class and have been to the store a few times just to pick up some items, the staff being friendly and helpful has always been obvious. I haven't dabbled much in the wine making and tea areas of the shop - but we have always found what we are looking for when it comes to beer brewing. Prices also seem pretty much on point.On our most recent trip we weren't really paying attention to the time. We got out of the car and noticed the shop had closed a half hour ago. Heading back to the car, all of the sudden the door opened and we were welcomed in. Our items were quickly selected since we wanted to get in and out. Despite our self-induced guilt, the two gentlemen working told us to take our time and made sure that we had everything we came for. Seriously amazing customer service.This shop may not be in our neighborhood, but it is definitely worth the trip.
<review# 874,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2011,5/17/2012,24,109,3,3,1>Murphy's is a very special place for college students. Every night they have free popcorn and free hot dogs. Granted, they are not the best quality foodstuffs, but who cares?Some nights the bar orders pizza for everyone, and on Wednesday nights they have $1 mystery bottles. The bottle changes every week and can range from generic bottles of crap to decent beers I would pay several dollars more for. Really any bottle for $1 is a pretty good deal. This is one of the two best bars in Clifton Heights (the other's being Christy's). There is an outdoor patio for people who like to smoke cancer sticks. The bathroom is small and dirty, but it's a college bar so I cut them some slack. The bar has darts that are free if you trade in your ID. There are 5 dart boards, a foosball table, and a pool table. Also they have a skeeball set (is it called a skeeball set? I guess I should say "they have skeeball") and maybe a pinball machine or something.The establishment has two bars so people in the back can still get drinks. The only complaint I have is that the bar often gets really crowded and it takes a while to get drinks (so I usually get pitchers or two bottles at a time). Since they don't let in people under 21 like many other bars do (Woody's and Mac's do) it isn't the scene of fraternity parties very often. Good place to drink lots so long as you stay away from the dart boards.
<review# 875,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2012,5/15/2012,24,162,,4,1>What better way to celebrate Cinco de Mayo than with delicious Mexican food?  Rio Grande was the perfect spot.The server promptly brought hot tortilla chips and salsa to the table and took our drink orders, and then we had to wait to order our food.  When we got there, they were not very busy but within 10 minutes the place was really jumpin', so the wait was a bit longer than I would have liked... BUT it was a Saturday evening, on Cinco de Mayo, so I'll cut them some slack for the slow service.  Even though it was slow, everyone was very friendly. And it was totally worth the wait.  The food was delicious!  I ordered the Guadalajara (a chicken burrito and a chicken enchilada with all the fixins), and we also had fajita.  The portions are eeennnooorrrmmmooouuuss, especially the fajita.  There was enough food there to feed 2 or 3 people!  One thing that really stuck with me was that the chicken was cooked very well.  It wasn't dry, which is a problem with a lot of places when you order fajita.I can't wait to go back and try something else on the menu.  Great food, great prices, and a great time.
<review# 876,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2012,5/14/2012,2,175,,1,1>So many great choices for super delicious food here, it's hard to decide what to get!  Today I tried the Avocado Chicken Salad and it was SO GOOD!  A mound of chicken salad with big pieces of chicken & pine nuts (no cheap celery filler) that is bigger than it looks because it's surrounded by lots of raspberries, really red & sweet strawberries, red & green grapes, and lots of lovely slices of avocado!  I also had 2 of the yummy rolls, and I was too full for dessert!  Too bad because I LOVE the Chocolate Paradise flour-less cake!  All this for only $9.25, which is a much better deal than any other dine in restaurant that I know of around Cincinnati.
<review# 877,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2012,5/13/2012,63,59,2,2,3>This past Saturday night, we stopped in at the new Bakersfield OTR to check it out for a nibble and a drink.  When we walked in, it was apparent that everyone else was also checking it out.  It was packed full with a 2-hour wait for a table (according to the hostess).  We didn't give up; instead we made our way through the crowd and back to the bar.   It took us a little while, but we finally got a bartenders attention to order our drinks.  We ordered a couple of Bourbon and Cokes and were very pleased with the pours and the price.After our drinks, we decided to give up on dinner and go see if we could get in somewhere else.  As we left, we told the hostess that we were going to see if any other place had a shorter wait and that we would be back to officially cancel if we found something.  As soon as we walked outside and across the street our cell phone went off.  The hostess informed us they just had a table for two open up.  Yeah!  It's cool how they take your cell # and call you. Once we got seated, we both ordered another drink and a couple little bites.  We ordered the Corn Poblano Chowder ($4) which was amazingly out of this world good.  We also ordered the Short Rib Tortas ($8) that was also very, very good and quite a significant sandwich.  We got the Pastor Taco also to try and it was good.  However, I was surprised at how small the taco was, but I think it's meant to be tapas size so that you can try several.  The Pastor Taco was $3 for about 3 bites. The décor on the inside is the standard rustic old feel of most of the venues in OTR.  Nothing fancy - just a natural, authentic atmosphere.  Two Thumbs Up!Bottom Line:  this is going to be a great addition to the already awesome OTR hot spots.
<review# 878,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/23/2011,5/12/2012,131,60,2,4,4>Queen City Cookies is one of the newest additions to the incredible selection at Findlay Market. We stopped by during lunch today to check out their wares, and ended up with two small bags of delight: "Pure Sass Buttery Shortbread Bliss" (classic shortbread) and "Rosemarie's Sesame Sunsations." The proprietor had one additional flavor available for sampling, a chocolate chipotle flavor with just enough bite, but at $7 a bag I had to choose carefully. QCC specializes in shortbread-- but you need to see some of these cookies to believe them. They are iced with incredible artwork-- many of the designs are listed on their website, so check them out to see what I'm talking about. Floral designs (roses, pansies, wedding bouquets), religious designs (angels, the Nativity, "elfin Santa"), seasonal designs (shamrocks, cornucopias, Easter bunnies)-- it's like edible poetry. Each cookie is intricate and almost too beautiful to eat. ...Almost.
<review# 879,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/12/2011,5/11/2012,27,219,2,4,2>I struggle on what to write about Bella Luna.  We've been multiple times and the experience is always consistent, which is important for sure!I really think part of my struggle is I hate the parking situation.  Bella Luna is a block or so from Terry's and they have a small parking lot.  So between these two super busy restaurants you are locked in an epic death match street fight to see who gets the 1 parking spot that opens up; but you are never close enough and the guy who just showed up slides right in; even though you've been driving in circles for 10minutes.  So I always start my dinner off annoyed which is never good.The inside space is cute with the little bar and their selection of wines and cocktails.  They are always slammed, we never show up without a reservation, and you usually don't have to wait long to get your table.  I have never been here when it was "quiet" or "intimate."  It is always loud and lots of people are talking, laughing and having a great time.  It's not a bad thing, it's just a warning for those people who want to sit on the same side of their table and play kissy face... its not that kind of Italian restaurant! (go to primavista if you want to do that...)The food is intriguing.  Many interesting combinations of flavors and choices.  Table bread is interesting and not just boring white bread and the house salad dressing is a honey vinagrette that is thick and delicious!  That being said for the main course I always seem to order the boringest thing at the table, but that's probably me.  In particular, I am a man of firmer noodles and I feel like they always cook their noodles a bit too long and I didn't find their bolognese sauce to be very flavorful (just meat... you can add spices dude... it'll be ok I swear...).  However, my wife got a smoked chicken ravioli that made my taste buds tingle, lots of interesting flavor and the sauce was a nice touch with a few mushrooms.  Someone always orders the baked ziti in 4 cheese sauce... holy mac'n'cheese on steroids batman!  That is some good stuff!  The staff is very busy and appears to be working hard and bustling.  It is a slower food experience that you tend to expect in a "high-end Italian" restaurant so just don't expect to pop-in and out in 35minutes or anything.Overall, if you want a nice italian meal in the anderson/mt.lookout/mariemont area, this is a good bet!
<review# 880,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2012,5/10/2012,221,658,6,13,9>I didn't even know this place existed until my hairdresser defected from a major salon owned by a stuck up rich guy and relocated here. It's tucked away in the inset beyond Dorothy Lane Market.Going in it's busy, but peaceful with a water fountain making you feel all serene and relaxed in the waiting area. Relaxing colors as well. While under the dryer I watched the door that asked for quiet because someone was having a massage. Geeze...I wished that was me behind the door. Maybe next time.As for hair - be sure and ask for Ali. She's simply the best.
<review# 881,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2011,5/9/2012,129,88,5,4,2>With lunch specials (11 am -3 pm) priced around 6 to 7 dollars, you can't really ask for a better value. The menu consists of the "Americanized" Chinese food, as well as lesser known "traditional" dishes. For instance, this is the first place that I've found in Cincinnati that serves "hong shao nui ro mien" (listed as Spicy Beef with Fresh Spinach and Noodles) and it was pretty good!Plus, the workers remind me of my parents. So I'd feel guilty giving them anything less than 5 stars. Definitely recommend and will return!Oh! And there is parking on the first floor of the structure behind the restaurant, which is a big plus in Hyde Park Square.
<review# 882,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2012,5/8/2012,23,174,,3,2>I think I've found my new favorite place to eat!I had been to Chappy's a few time before, but I was only there for beer, and always sat at the bar. But I had been dying to try there food because everyone was raving about it.We showed up at about 7:00 on a Sunday evening, and had to wait about 5 minutes for a table. Not bad.The service was just good. No frills. We had what we needed, but she didn't seem like she would have been too concerned if we didn't. But the food was so off the chain that we didn't really mind.We started with a basket of their homemade BBQ chips, and dip. And that was a really great decision. They were so good that we ended up getting a second order!The beer menu is awesome here. I'm sure everyone knows that, but it's extra fun to me because I typically don't like run of the mill beers. I spent the meal sipping on Belgian raspberry beer, and Woodchuck hard cider. Both super delish!!The boyfriend ordered the chicken tenders with a side of cowboy beans and fries. The chicken tenders were amazing. The best either of us have ever had. I didn't try the beans, but he said he didn't care for them. The fries were not good at all.I ordered the fried chicken. It totally rocked my world. I don't know if I've ever eaten anything so delish in my life! I chose to get a breast and a wing, and both were equally awesome. I got a side of green beans, and a side of fries with my meal. The green beans almost made me shed a tear... they were that good! The kind that cook all day with ham and bacon... just like grandma used to make. Once again, the fries = no good. That's truely my only issue with Chappy's... BAD french fries. But I'm not worried about it. I'll just get more green beans next time.
<review# 883,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2012,5/7/2012,36,168,4,2,1>We were looking for someplace to eat before a show at the Twentieth Century Theatre, and this place was close and highly rated by Yelpers.  Made the mistake of going out to a pub on St. Paddy's Day, but left impressed by the quality of service, Guinness, and mushroom swiss burger - just wish I knew they put mayo on it... yuck!The crowd was a mix of Oxford-emigres (aka Miami University students wearing green beer day shirts) and locals.  Everyone was well-behaved although I really wondered how one woman had dirty knees.  There was a story there that I would never learn.
<review# 884,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2011,5/6/2012,69,143,2,4,3>I can't believe it -- authentic pho in Cincinnati! Caveats: There's only one option for beef pho on the menu (rare steak); a small bowl is $9; the bean sprouts, meat, and green onions are already added into the broth by the kitchen; and there was about half the beef and noodles in the bowl compared to what I'm used to. Nevertheless, I feel that the most important part of a bowl of pho is the taste and FINALLY this place hit the nail on the head. Next time I really want pho I will head over here...a craving is a craving!Oh yeah, and according to my dining companions, everything else here is supposedly good too :)
<review# 885,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/29/2012,5/5/2012,278,854,4,4,4>Don't let their name fool ya, their "milkshake brought this boy to the yard" and it was great. And they did charge me, ha ha. This place is situated on the same side as Bogart's and you can see the neon in the windows long before you step inside and smell the mix of gyro meat and other yummy stuff. I wish I hadn't eaten dinner before I visited, but I still had room for a shake; at least I thought, cuz geesh, they are pretty large. No need for supersizing. My Pineapple shake ($3.50) yelp.com/biz_photos/BLT_ came wrapped in plastic wrap with an orange slice and cherry through the straw. Neat! The pineapple flavor was nice and light as I expected. I quickly slurped it down wishing I would have saved some for later. The bench seats aren't the most comfortable but you'll probably be on your way long before you notice. Their menus stated that they would soon be open 24 hours, so this place might be great afterparty spot post Bogart's concert.*In the Bearcash coupon magazine, there's a coupon for free fries with any sandwich purchase. You can also print it out from bearcash.com/ucbc/index.*Delivery available to local hospitals, $25 minimum order.
<review# 886,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2012,5/4/2012,39,88,2,2,2>My husband considers himself to be a chicken connoisseur and suggested this place for lunch one day.  I was intrigued.  The interior reminded me of a sports bar with TVs everywhere, a casual atmosphere, and tables jam-packed with patrons.  Their lunch specials were a pretty decent deal.  $9.99 got you an entree, a choice of side, and a soft drink.  I don't know what it is, but I have a weakness for drinks that come WITH a meal vs. having to pay separately for them even though I know that just means the cost is built in.  Let's get down to business:Food:  4 starsChicken Salad Sandwich:  Holy cow, this was a huge sandwich!  When they said "croissant", I imagined one of those tiny things you see at hotel breakfast trays.  This one was the size of a t-bone steak with one heck of a scoop of chicken salad.  One of the best CS sandwiches I've had, but I kept poking at my husband's chicken because that just stole the show.Spring House Chicken:  Amazing flavor - especially the skin - and cooked very well.  The skin had a perfect bit of char while the meat was nice and moist.  I hate dry, chewy chicken and this was the exact opposite.  I'll be ordering this the next time.Saratoga Chips:  A disappointment.  The chips were soggy and bland.Chicken Noodle Soup:  Tasted pretty much like any other chicken noodle soup.Service:  3 starsOur waitress seemed like a lovely person but was quite harried and service was a bit slow.  This is of course due to how busy the place was and comes with the territory.Verdict:Good food and decent prices.  I'll definitely be back, but will try again on a less busy day.  Though I'd technically give this 3.5 stars, I'll round up for the food.
<review# 887,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2011,5/3/2012,211,416,,6,2>Is there an activity anymore risky than trying to find a new seamstress?  Going to someone new without a solid recommendation from a trusted source could yield a great find or a ruined garment.So I took an LBD that I'd had hanging around for a few years on a test run.  I wouldn't have been devastated it something didn't go right and would've gained an updated dress if everything went according to plan.I had a pleated hem done and I must say, it was done well.  $20 total (ehh, maybe a little high) and a week turnaround.  So there are the facts: competent work, OK price, OK time frame.Other services offered are custom-made apparel (I went during the peak of prom season, there were dresses everything) and tailoring.
<review# 888,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2012,5/2/2012,64,204,,3,1>Let's start off by saying pizza is one of my favorite foods, and A Tavola does it just right! The atmosphere of the place is open/spacious but crowded with people - a sure sign that the food is fabulous. The variety of pizzas you can have on their menu is pretty awesome. You really can't go wrong with the fig or white anchovy. If you're feeling something more traditional, just make your own, and definitely don't forget to get the chicken meatballs too! Super tasty. Another plus about this place is their awesome wood fire grill. It takes no time at all to get your food and it's warm and toasty when it gets to your table. Definitely a place worth checking out multiple times!!!
<review# 889,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2012,5/1/2012,112,50,4,6,2>I am currently a student at Cincinnati State. I am graduating this year (super yay!). The school, in general, is a good school. My academic avisor is fantastic! She always keeps me updated on what classes In should and shouldn't be taking. I have had a few amazing instructors and many good instructors. We are currently on 9 week terms, but that will be changing this Fall (2012) to semesters along with every other college or university in Ohio.The food in the caferteria is horrible. The selection they offer is pathetic with Cincinnati State being the home of the Midwest Culinary Institute. The students that work upstairs in Bakery Hill do not know how to make coffee, which is sad since it's 50% coffee shop; however they make up for it with their baked goods. Yum!I have had a few instructors that I, along with the mojority of the class, could not figure out why they were still there teaching. We realized throughout the term: tenure.It's sad, really, that we are paying them to teach us and with instructors like that we are basically teaching outselves. Ok, end of rant. All-in-all the school is more positive than it is negative. The tuition is so low, you can't beat it, well this close to Cicinnati, at least.
<review# 890,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2011,4/30/2012,63,56,,3,3>Oh Virgil's, How do I love thee - let me count the ways:1.  Creative and amazing food.  I have yet to be disappointed with anything I have ordered.  Virgil's focuses on ingredient quality and it shows.  Most (if not all?) breads are hand made at Virgil's are sooooo good.2.  Charming space and staff.  The space and staff are about as warm and welcoming as you can possibly imagine.  3.  You are unique.  There isn't a place quite like it and Virgil's is always coming up with innovative events and menus to keep my interest.  Bacon happy hour, wine pairing dinners, etc etc etc...4.  Good location.  In the heart of Bellevue - there are fantastic little spots for shopping and coffee all around.  And its always easy to get in and out of.I could go on and on...
<review# 891,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2011,4/29/2012,20,109,7,5,6>Coming as I do from overseas and being transplanted in Cincinnati I don't 'get' the peculiar fascination this city has with chili. In Britain the merest mention of a '3-way' or a '4-way' conjures up images of a seedy swingers club in the back streets of London, so when I am asked if I want to have a go at either here I just smirk and try to look embarrassed.The hen and rooster in the chili pack round here are Skyline and Gold Star, both corporate brands whose products I have tried, tasted and (on one occasion) spat straight into a trashcan. I find their offerings bland and lacking any kind of flavor regardless of how I ramp them up.So, when someone suggested we tried Dixie Chili - a smaller, even more local chain with a great history - I was, admittedly, dubious. They offered a 'chili salad' which looked like something I'd like to try as I didn't have to choose any kind of 'way' and it felt a little healthier to order than those disgusting bland coneys or a bellyful of spaghetti.I was unprepared for just how TASTY this chili salad was. In it's basic form it is a pile of crispy lettuce smothered in chili, cheese, dressing and salsa, served with a side dish of tortillas. Unlike Skyline or Gold Star the chili was incredibly tasty, carrying with it just the right level of spicy flavor. However, when the ingredients break apart on the plate and all the flavors merge into one - what I like to call - 'gloop'... now THAT's when it goes from tasty to downright phenomenal. At least IMHO.Needless to say I became well and truly hooked, and I now return to the melamine splendor of their old fashioned dining hall once or twice a month. The counter service is usually friendly and flawless, the restaurant presents itself as clean and tidy and if I have a criticism its that their men's bathroom is cramped, often unkempt and a bit of a puddled stinkpit.
<review# 892,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2012,4/28/2012,79,1047,2,6,6>Did you know that butt cheeks can wiggle individually? Oh, the things you learn at PoleKittens!THE FACILITY:The Newport studio is gorgeous. If it weren't for the poles, it could easily pass as a modern office. Everything here is brand new: perfect carpet, shiny poles, fresh-scented air, bright drapes and coats of paint. It's a very hip, feminine, and most importantly, clean venue.THE INSTRUCTORS:These lovely entrepreneurs have backgrounds in other areas than just working the pole. Some are trained in ballet, pilates, yoga, modern dance, etc. They incorporate their knowledge into the workouts. Classes are much more than grinding on a pole! The instructors are also not your average jock personal trainer: the ladies have piercings, tattoos and punk rock hair (which is 10x more appealing in my opinion.) Everyone here is really nice and supportive while giving you a thorough workout. I highly recommend taking a class with Lateefah, she's been a blast!TYPES OF CLASSES:PoleKittens offers a variety of classes throughout the week, some focused on strength training, some with dancing.Pole Dancing:  Any pole class requires a 4-session Pole Orientation course before moving on to beginner and advanced classes. I took this a while ago and found it to be helpful. However, I would have preferred it to be two sessions a week for two weeks rather than spread out over a month. The timing made it difficult to learn the repetition of the moves in order to perform them smoothly. After some at-home practice and a few beginners courses, I could perform confidently. You will learn different spins, how to sit on a pole, demonstrate a routine, and with more experience, begin climbing the pole and inverting.Lap Dancing: Grab your best girlfriend and GO! Your friendship will reach a whole new level of intimacy. With lap dancing, you take turns with a partner, one being the dancer the other being the "receiver". A seductive routine is learned in just one hour and you'll have a riot performing it on your friend. Lots of laughs all around!Booty Camp: An intense work out combining running/lunges/planks with booty poppin' techniques and finishing with yoga. Your bum learns to move in all sorts of rhythm and directions that you never knew were possible! It's a great workout for firming up your lower back and bum. Aerial Fitness:  Think Cirque du Soleil acrobatics. This class trades in the pole for aerial apparatuses: silks, Spanish web, and gymnastics rings....and many more!WHAT I'VE LEARNED:1.) Pole fitness works a whole new area of muscles, such as upper back, bum, and the wobbly bits at the top of thighs.2.) It's a lot harder to work a pole than it looks. Strippers should be considered athletes!3.) Always take a pole class with a friend. It's a bazillion times more fun.4.) Each one-hour session burns about 400 calories...sometimes more.5.) Every class works the areas that women often desire to improve: the bum, thighs, abs, hips and upper arms. I started noticing results after my first few sessions.6.) I really liked how the routines worked in classy burlesque moves in addition to the erotic moves.7.) I've started incorporating some basic skills into my daily living, such as "Getting Up With Dignity" or walking with my shoulders back.SOUNDS AWESOME!  CAN I JOIN?:PoleKittens is great for women of all shapes and sizes. Most of the ladies in my class were average, curvy and around 140-180 lbs. None of us were pillars of health. However, I will caution the following:1.) Basic physical ability is a must. You should be able to do 10 push ups and 10 sit ups with ease.2.) Confidence is essential. Modesty must be checked at the door.3.) Coordination and basic dance skills (i.e. dancing at a club, dancing around your home) are helpful to have.4.) The poles have a weight limit of 300 lbs.PoleKittens is perfect for women who hate the gym. If you're tired of mundane exercises, the stigma of other gym clientele, or just feel unflattering in exercise clothes, PoleKittens will improve your attitude and self-esteem about working out!
<review# 893,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2011,4/27/2012,94,140,2,3,3>A building that looks like a gigantic ice cream cone?  Delicious and unique flavors of soft serve?  Yes and yes!  I grew up near West Chester so The Cone was a popular spot for me and my friends.  Now they even have a Mobile Cone that drives around to festivals, etc to serve up their deliciousness.  I always love when I see it driving down the road, such a sight.  The Cone is only open during the warmer months and I hope that this will one day change.  I for one like ice cream year round!My favorite flavor is lime, which seems to be seasonal so I always make sure to make a trip up there when they have it.  They are known for their orange and vanilla twist and it is delicious.  It is creamy yet tangy.  I honestly have never had a flavor of ice cream there that I didn't enjoy.Now onto the negative.  The lines!  Oh the lines.  If the weather is nice, you're sure to wait in a long line with about a billion kids.  I know this will make me sound like a curmudgeon, but I am not a fan of kids, especially in large groups.  Luckily, there is a kid's play area with all kinds of fun stuff to distract them.  If you're lucky when you go, the kids will be corralled into this area and will not get their sticky fingers near you.The fact that I will stand in a long line and endure sticky-fingered kids is a testament to the fact that The Cone is worth it.
<review# 894,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2012,4/26/2012,19,61,2,3,3>My brother was in town and we had some time to kill one afternoon in Mt Adams.  No lie...a church lady pointed us to Crowley's.  She told me that Catholics know how to drink and that after Holy week services people will head to Crowley's.  They had a good selection of Irish beers (including Guiness, Harp and even Smithwicks).  The drinks were reasonably priced, for Mt Adams anyway.  Upon first walking in, I had the sensation that this actually was an Irish pub.  Was it the green walls, the beer, or the music?  It was the vibe.  People were friendly and relaxed.  People said hello as I walked in.  Even the bartender seemed especially attentive.  I went to Ireland about 8 years ago, and what I remember the most was how friendly people were.  Pubs are a meeting place and a hub, not just a place to get sloppy (like so many bars in Mt Adams are).  Other Irish pubs in Cincinnati just seem like regular bars to me.  That isn't a bad thing, but it doesn't have the charm and nostalgia of Crowley's.
<review# 895,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2012,4/25/2012,44,227,,4,1>I saw this restaurant's opening discussed via an article about Restaurant Row along 6th and Walnut sometime back. Shortly thereafter it came through on my Facebook news feed as an up and coming joint. I friended them at that time, for a moment when I might be up for trying a new locale. It all looked promising. Today, when my coworkers asked for a suggestion for a birthday lunch, this came in handy. Kudos to stories about new locales and the power of Facebook, I guess. Silver Ladle has a great downtown location, with ample seating inside, lit by the large front windows, as well as outdoor seating shaded by the surrounding building (thus cool enough for Cincinnati heat, but with the breeze in your hair). Great place to sit and chat after a good meal (lamely, we had to go back to work). Foodwise, there is a good selection of burgers, sandwiches, salads, soups, and even chili (build your own and with a chicken version- not typical 'Cincinnati meat sauce'-sorry Skyline) to satisfy anyone in a potentially diverse party. The food options are listed on a board as you walk in, and while laid out simply, I couldn't decide on a direction (first time jitters?). In the end, I went with soup and a sandwich. A solid choice with great execution. I had the 580 sandwich (turkey, ham, banana peppers, swiss, house sauce) and a side of  Black Bean soup ($1.99 to create a combo). It was really tasty, fresh, simple, and clean. The service was quick- by the time we sat, the food was already arriving. My coworkers ordered the ham and gouda on pretzel bread (rave reviews) and something a bit more American looking- with shredded cheese, also a hit. A salad on the table looked good, though I'm not usually a fan of ice berg lettuce and it seemed mostly of that variety. Yet another coworker ordered a burger. There are two patties with the topping between them (like Five Guys but less greasy looking). I didn't try it, but for the size, the price was right and the combinations looked appealing. I'd like to go back and try some other menu items...even this chicken chili on spaghetti- a rift of the 3-way I might be able to get behind. To make this a little more interesting, I read that the restaurant has connections to the family who started Skyline Chili (great grandson), the Lambrinides, and current ties (son) to the restaurant Nick and Tom's on the West side of town. It's always good to see family ties and local roots popping up all over town, it makes dining out more fun. In summary, I really enjoyed my food, the outdoor seating, and the bright modern colors inside. If you're in the area looking for a quick, tasty, fresh meal, give it a shot.
<review# 896,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2011,4/24/2012,32,159,1,2,3>Red Dog is great.  Our Golden Retriever, Hayden, is as neurotic as they come.  We boarded him one weekend while we went to Chicago.  He got upgraded to a suite and they spent extra time with him to help him calm down.  He came home with a little report card that was so cute!  Made me feel like he was really taken care of while we were away.  My husband paid for lots of extras so it was a bit expensive considering his swim, grooming, extra walks etc.  Guilt is pricey.  Worth every penny.  Will certainly leave him with them again.   He also gets his grooming there and they do a great job with him.  We are very impressed!
<review# 897,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2011,4/23/2012,133,199,,2,3>I don't crave ice cream often and -- to be completely honest -- I think that most parlors are the same. That is until the Mt. Healthy Dairy Bar comes into the conversation. I grew up frequenting this stand situated on the bustling Hamilton Avenue. The surrounding businesses aren't what one would call welcoming, but somehow it works. From its standard ice cream cones to flurries, shakes, blizzards and dip tops, there are more than enough options to satisfy even the most discerning ice cream connoisseur. The Dairy Bar even recently started making and selling a Blueberry/Blue Raspberry soft serve that is reminiscent of the famous Smurf ice cream from Kings Island. And, well, if you're not in the mood to pay a $40 entry to KI, the Dairy Bar is a fantastic alternative.While the ice cream selection may be expansive enough, there are also plenty of food items as well for a quick bite before indulging in a sweet treat finale.I typically opt for either a small chocolate/vanilla swirl cone with chocolate sprinkles or a chocolate milkshake made with chocolate/vanilla swirl ice cream. I recently ordered the latter and, boy, I may never get the former again. The milkshake was outstanding. In fact, I'm craving one now. And if the Dairy Bar can bring me to crave ice cream, it has to be great.
<review# 898,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2012,4/22/2012,7,172,2,1,3>This was a blast!  I went with a group of girlfriends, and we had a ball with this.  My artistic ability could barely fill a thimble, but it really doesn't matter.  The instruction is great, the step by step directions allow you to actually pull off a painting!  I was nervous at first, but a few glasses of wine (the bar is perfect, wine and beer, and the house wines are $14/BOTTLE!  Not for a glass, but for a bottle! ) Definitely helps get the creative juices flowing :)  You have got to check this place out.  We actually enjoyed it so much, we already planned our next visit before we even left the last one.
<review# 899,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2012,4/21/2012,21,165,4,6,5>Uh-oh, it's a bad thing when I get such a good impression on my first visit somewhere!  I have a feeling I'll be visiting here frequently...First, good beer selection, mostly in bottles, only 2 taps.I told them that it was my "first time" (at Amerasia), and they kind of gave me the ground rules.  The "Spice Factor" runs from 1-10, and they highly suggested not ordering anything higher than Level 5.  See, they use a little gem of capsaicin called the Ghost Chili.  This is one bad mamma-jamma, and I was told there was a gas mask on hand for those having to deal with that bastard. (I think I saw a pic where someone ordered a Level 7, and the waiter employed the gas mask for table delivery...  What's that say about a 10?!Anyhoo, I like the spicy, but I don't want to cauterize my trachea or deep fry my tonsils, so I ordered a Level 4 How Fun.  Typically it isn't prepared spicy, but they are willing to accommodate.  FYI, Level 4 was enough to make me sweat profusely, eyes water profusely, and nose run.  Actually that dish isn't even on the menu, so there's more here than Kung Fu posters and Chinese graffiti.  After leaving there, I was pretty much under the impression that if you told them what you were in the mood for, they could fashion a dish that satisfies.  I was also told that there were many beers not on the menu, limited edition beers, seasonals, and ones that they were pretty much bottle aging, so beer snobs, ask what they've got in the back, there might be a Hop Slam or 3 Floyds Dark Lord(probably not) back there, even out of season.  Oh yes, I'll be going back.
<review# 900,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/8/2012,4/20/2012,89,278,3,4,3>This is a very 'Americanized" sushi place. It was good, but if your looking for a sashimi  or nigri dinner, you may want to try someplace else more traditional. However, if you like experimenting with various rolls... this is the place to be! They even had a roll with pop rocks! As crazy as it sounds, it was actually pretty good. Prices were reasonable, but it didn't seem like they had too many 'deals'.It has a very contemporary setting, even the restrooms were very nice and contemporary. Depending on your sushi style, this is a pretty good place.
<review# 901,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2012,4/19/2012,73,258,6,2,1>1215 earned 5 stars but I'd give myself 2 stars as a customer.I had a 7:15AM meeting this morning and showed up at 7. I'm not a coffee drinker. I don't know the coffee language. I don't know what a latte or espresso or machiatto or cup o' joe is, really.What can I get you, the guy asked? It was nice to see a regular guy behind a coffee counter. I'm fairly open minded but the conformity of the multiple piercings and tats gets a bit boring.I dunno know, I said from behind the morning fog that still clouded my brain. I don't really like coffee.He then gave me a look that wasn't quite rude but said, You do know you walked into a place with the word "Coffee' in the title, right?He had a point. To counter his point I pointed at a Chai Latte. I think I'd had one of those before. Then, instead of just getting this idiot his Chai Lattee, the guy behind the counter did something totally uncalled for.He suggested a shot of espresso to give me a nice introduction to the coffee taste. He said it would taste better. Sure, I said and sat myself down.He brought it out with a fancy little design on top that made me feel a bit girly but was nice and the drink was pretty darned good. The coffee bite gave it some balance. I appreciated the extra effort from a 'barista' at 7:15 in the morning.
<review# 902,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2011,4/18/2012,38,153,3,6,5>This place is dangerous since it's about 2 blocks from my office.  I find myself thinking, "fish sounds good" more than I've ever thought it in my lifetime.  I've been back to the Bayou Fish house 3 times since my initial review (in 8 or 9 days?), so I thought I'd toss out an update--I've tried all the fish selections, including today's special, New England Haddock and it's all wonderful.  There is ample enough to eat a sandwich and bring back two pieces of extra fish to my co-worker or to eat for supper over a salad or something like that.  The owner and chef are amiable and make you feel welcome (even if it IS your third time this week). Today, I asked about the potential for other sides--"any hope for mac and cheese or how about some good greens?"  There IS a mac and cheese in the works, just fine-tuning the homemade recipe, but I don't think greens were pondered.  Maybe they will be now!
<review# 903,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2012,4/17/2012,336,296,2,4,3>Easy parking, close to work, clean, airy, healthy bamboo shoots on the tables, Friendly servers - all contributed to a great first impression.  I ordered the Alaska roll.  They brought me mushroom soup while waiting on the roll.  I thought it looked like white hard chunks of mushroom in clear broth - WOW, was I wrong. The mushrooms were perfectly saturated. The liquid was perfectly seasoned.  It was good enough to lift to my lips and slurp:)  But I refrained and delicately spooned it.  The Alaska Roll was good too.  The prices were reasonable too.
<review# 904,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2012,4/16/2012,57,343,,1,2>Growing up on the westside, Western Bowl was the place to be for bowling and for teenage fun on a Saturday night for glow bowling and a great hang out. The Hoinke family owned Western Bowl for years, and recently sold it in the past few years before they sold it Western Bowl was known for the Hoinke Classic bringing in some of the best regional bowlers and the prize was around 15K for the winner. Another great thing about Western Bowl, the staff are so friendly and remember the shoe size and everything. Plus they serve Bud Lights in bowling pin shaped bottles. The new ownership has done a great job with fresh paint and remodeling the inside. For a fun time on the Westside I recommend Western Bowl.
<review# 905,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/28/2011,4/15/2012,24,139,,3,3>Having been to Highland Coffee House a number of times now, I feel confident in saying that it is one of my favorite chill spots in Cincinnati. From the old furniture, to the patio, to the awesome staff, everything about Highlands just exclaims welcoming and friendliness. I have never had a bad experience while hanging out here.While the roomy, two level patio in the back is definitely my favorite thing about Highlands, the friendliness of the staff is a very close second. Not only are they friendly, they are very laid back and seem to be in no rush to have you pay. In fact, the honor system really seems to come into play here and they will often to tell you that you can just pay whenever you decide to leave, something that I thought was really cool. As others have mentioned, this is not your average coffee house chain kind of place. However, I think that is what makes it so awesome and if you are the kind of person who thinks that is awesome too, you will love Highlands!P.S. - Street parking is super convenient and best of all, its free! (I like free parking.)
<review# 906,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2012,4/14/2012,31,43,3,3,3>This is my favorite restaurant ever ever ever. The people are awesome, the food and beer selection is unbelievable, and the atmosphere is so cozy and homey! They have 5-6 taps on constant rotation, and all their beer is craft (not crap!) The menu is on seasonal rotation, and even their everyday dishes are constantly changing -for the better! Unpretentious, it's all about great food and great beers.
<review# 907,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2011,4/13/2012,60,98,6,4,3>How much does a 4-mile walk count when you stop for frozen yogurt and a crepe on the last mile? Don't answer that. I don't think I want to know. Though I believe the yogurt is fat-free, if I eavesdropped properly on the girl behind the counter.So, I'm a big fan of frozen yogurt. I love it, and pretty much any flavor you can throw at me (please don't throw it at me), I'm gonna top it with gummi bears, bouncing here and there and everywhere, or dying in a frozen tundra of flavored yogurt, if they're lucky. Because if they're not lucky, they are still alive when they glide down the ole yogurt hole. Anyway, silly fantasies aside, this place is awesome! It's colorful to the point of cheering up anyone to walk through the front door. Not only do they have self-serve frozen yogurt in a delightful variety of flavors (I tried blueberry acai, pumpkin, and red velvet cake- with blueberry acai in the lead as my favorite), they also serve both sweet and savory crepes.I was in the mood for savory, so I tried the mexican crepe, because of my adoration of jalapenos. And of course, it was delicious! The girl behind the counter mentioned something about gluten free, fat-free- I think she was referring to the yogurt (not sure about the crepes?). Update: They have a sign that states "we think gluten free is the way to be." Also, I learned that if you get dinner from Poco a Poco next door, and bring your receipt to Fave, you'll get a 15% discount on your yogurt.Oh, and they have a yogurt punch card, where you buy 10 yogurts, get up to 10oz free on your 11th visit, to this lovely little shop in the middle of Hyde Park Square.MAJOR UPDATE OF JOY: They have bubble tea, and if you ask, they will tone down the sweetness, or make it sweeter, depending on your preference.I have now tried 3 different kinds of their savory crepes, and the ham and cheese crepe was so good, I almost wept, and I am not some whiny little cry-Buffy.
<review# 908,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2012,4/12/2012,60,13,12,3,2>I am currently very angry at Party Source. Thanks to their ridiculous deals, I now have a handle each of cherry lemonade vodka and tropical punch vodka. Tropical punch vodka?? What the hell am I supposed to do with that?? That's OK. I forgive Party Source because its incredibly wide selection of beer, wine and liquor has fully equipped my grownup toy box. Their staff is pretty knowledgeable and they have a first-come-first-serve policy on hard to find bottlings, so you do not have to spend $10,000 there to get your hands on that bourbon-barrel aged barley wine double fermented with raspberries, ghost peppers and taco seasoning.Oh, and if your grocery list consists entirely of hors d'oeuvre, you can get all of your grocery shopping done there too. It's a really great excuse to go to Party Source weekly. I have eaten nothing but prosciutto, stilton and maraschino cherries for two years.
<review# 909,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2012,4/11/2012,23,84,,1,1>Visited Lookout Joe for the first time and will CERTAINLY be back! I run through Owl's Nest park and up Madison with my dog and we have been looking for a nice after-run hangout spot to cool off at. Wulsin Triangle is nice, with water fountain for myself and dog, but it wasn't enough. I read about Lookout Joe and we adjusted our path accordingly so it ended there. It's perfect! Interesting customers (two 8 year olds played chess while two very colorful men explained to me how to understand shades of white. "Bone and vanilla are NOT the same, no matter what the bimbos at Brooks Brothers tell you!"), absolutely delicious chai (own blend; get it with honey!) and a water bowl for Fido. There is a huge couch inside which I've yet to use, because no dogs are allowed in. The outdoor area is nice and has lots of seating and really seems to be were patrons congregate, at least in the summertime. I haven't eaten here yet but I plan to soon. Prices aren't bad either. Lookout Joe, you've got a new regular!
<review# 910,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2011,4/10/2012,58,87,1,7,2>Last year, a tiny doughnut shop out in Pleasant Ridge closed its doors, set to relocate to Silverton. My husband and I almost literally wept sitting outside the closed storefront one Saturday morning. You see, Ridge Donut Shop made, by far, the best doughnuts we had ever tasted. Their crisp glazed, moist cake, and light, fluffy filled doughnuts put other local and national chains to shame. These doughnuts were handmade with love.A long, doughnut-less year passed. The new shop in Silverton was suppose to open in January. We drove past at least twice a month. Still, no doughnuts. As winter ended, we had all but accepted that the most beautiful doughnuts in perhaps the world would likely never grace our mouths again.Then, last weekend, we hopped the interstate to Trader Joe's in Kenwood and grabbed some bagels at Marx's for lunch. Deciding to take the "scenic route" back, we headed down Montgomery towards the city.And, there it was. One can't describe that gluttonous feeling of joy as we passed the new Silverton Donut Shop! Sadly, our bellies were full of bagels and the parking lot full of cars, so we opted to come back this weekend.And that's exactly where we headed early this morning. First, the new location is lovely. Much like the old-- simple, but with new fixtures and a more stream-lined layout. As well, the shop is offering more drinks, including hot coffee, in addition to their amazing doughnuts.As for the doughnuts, maybe it was that old line about absence making the heart grow fonder, but the assorted dozen that we got today were even better than I had remembered. Fresh and perfect. I'm not even the least ashamed to admit that we polished off the entire box (with the help of our kids, of course) on the drive home.So, if you missed out on having these doughnuts the 22 years they were in Pleasant Ridge, don't fret. They're back, and maybe even better than ever, with a new name just a little further up Montgomery road. Now go get some!
<review# 911,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2011,4/9/2012,52,69,,4,2>First let me start by saying that Habits is one of my favorite places in Cincinnati. I used to live down the street, so I went there all the time for dinner. Even now that I live over 30 minutes away, we still come down every once in a while for dinner. -----THE BURGERS ARE EXCELLENT-----You can choose the meat type and style, but all are great. I'm trying to recall off the top of my head, but I know they at least have beef, turkey, veggie, and ostrich. Style wise I recommend the white hot burger or the godzilla burger.-----THE DRAFT BEER SELECTION IS DECENT-----I think they have about 6 handles, usually stocked with mass produced craft/import beers like sam adams or stella; and then 1 or 2 good micro brews.-----THE BOTTLED BEER SELECTION IS PRETTY GOOD-----The bottled beer list is not as good as some places in the city, but it's big and diverse enough that even most beer snobs can find something they like, or haven't tried.-----COOL NEW PATIO-----This year Habits added a new patio out in front of the restaurant. It's really nice to be able to sit out in the middle of Oakley Square and eat. There is no smoking on the patio before 10 P.M. so depending on whether or not you're a smoker, that could be a good or bad thing.The only complaints I have are that on the weekends it can get pretty crowded. There is a lot nearby that almost always has space, so parking isn't really an issue, but there can be long waits. The other day we came for dinner around 8, and had to wait forever because it was crowded and people have a tendency to hang around and drink after dinner. It can also get very loud. They should look into hanging some fabric things or putting up sound dampers, because especially over on the left side it can get crazy loud.
<review# 912,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2012,4/8/2012,24,59,1,4,3>I am addicted. Tuckers is absolutely perfect in every way. The ambiance is awesome, the staff is wonderful and the food, oh the food. On first inspection the menu looks like average diner fare, but upon closer look you find that tuckers uses creativity to make old ideas fresh and wonderful. Its obvious the care that goes into the preparation using quality ingredients. They offer breakfast and lunch, neither of which disappoint.    Last week I stopped in and was treated to a breakfast sandwich. This glorious item includes a perfectly cooked medium rare burger, lettuce, tomato, cheddar cheese and chipotle mayo, but it doesn't stop there. With the addition of hash browns, a perfectly runny fried egg, and bacon all between texas toast this sandwich really gets the day started.If you haven't eaten at Tuckers you are cheating yourself. With great offerings for vegetarians, vegans and normal people =) it has something for everyone. Top that all off with good prices and a parking lot right across the street and you truly have no reason not to go.
<review# 913,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/15/2012,4/7/2012,94,65,,7,4>Ah, the Moerlein Lager House. We'd been eagerly anticipating its opening and had this shining hope that it would be the beacon of success in the new Banks project. And I really hope it does just that and is very successful (which I think it will be - it's perfectly sandwiched between our two stadiums and will surely attract a crowd from at least Reds games and US Bank Arena events).We went on Tuesday night with no big events going on downtown, but did make a reservation and were seated immediately. My first thoughts are that I felt like I was walking into a hotel. The interior decor is very sleek and overwhelmingly huge. I didn't venture upstairs as we were seated on the lower level. Pretty great views of the river, Newport, and Covington. A great outdoor area with garage style doors that will be GREAT when the warm weather hits (oh wait, it's 77 out right now).The menu has an awesome beer and wine list and the food ranges from bar food to cheese and meat boards to finer dining items (prime rib, etc.). The prices are a bit ridiculous for the lower end foods ($17 for a rather small portion of Beef Stroganoff with no sides? WTH). The service was fine. Not stellar, but good. My biggest positive is their Garlic Parmesan Fries. FTW! The black pepper aioli changed my life. I don't think I can dip a fry into anything else ever again. GET THEM! The food we ordered was pretty OK. Although the meatloaf was pretty bangin'.My HUGE negative for this place, and I honestly don't know if I'd go back because of this, is that it is insanely loud in there. They went through all this trouble to make an enormous shell to hold 700+ people and did absolutely nothing to account for the amount of noise that many people can make. I had trouble hearing our server. I think it is a moderately easy fix for them to make, adding some acoustic cushioning (fashionably, of course). PLEASE, MOERLEIN! Fix this! I want to come back for some more fries!
<review# 914,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2012,4/6/2012,35,82,,11,5>I had the opportunity to visit the Drop Inn Center as part of a class and meet some of the amazing residents and staff members. Cincinnati is incredibly lucky to have an organization of this caliber providing services in our community.Led by Executive Director Arlene Nolan, the Drop is focused on providing high quality services to its residents. They've made tremendous changes over the past few years, improving the quality of meals, offering alternative meals to accomodate dietary restrictions, and remodeling the living quarters to accommodate the feedback from residents.You may have known the Drop was there, but did you know they are the only place in Cincinnati that doesn't turn people away? Clients can enter intoxicated, suffering from mental illness, or just in need of a place to stay, and they'll find shelter here.  There is an entire bunk room dedicated to housing veterans and working individuals who need help getting back on their feet.What you may not know is that the Drop provides intensive case management services for its residents. While individuals can just come to the Drop for shelter, all clients have the opportunity to participate in recovery, mental health, and other services to help find permanent housing.If you're not convinced, call the Drop Inn Center and ask to hear some of their data -- it will below you away.So how can you help?1. Donate supplies. Check out their website to find out what they need most.2. Donate money. Like everyone else, they're trying to cut expenses without cutting services. The Drop serves a vulnerable population that's already had services cut in so many other places. Help make sure it doesn't happen here too.3. Visit. There are residents here who are desperate for someone to talk to, to tell their story to, to interact with. You don't have to do anything... just show up and listen.If you want to learn more, call Arlene and she'll make sure you know everything you ever needed to know.  This is an incredible asset to our city providing ESSENTIAL services to thousands of individuals each year. We all need to do our part to make sure those services will always be available to people who need them.
<review# 915,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2012,4/5/2012,210,324,10,2,1>1. Thou shall not come here planning to get drunk.2. Thou shall not come here planning to grab a quick drink.3. Thou shall not order a bud, miller, or coors of any type.  4. You will try an amazing concoction crafted by Molly and her minions, they are meant to be savored, not chugged. 5. You will enjoy a rousing conversation with your friends about Philosophy, Art, Music, and Wrestling6. You will impress a date, especially if they are new to the city, or they will roll their eyes because every smooth operator knows this place. 7.  You will come here while you wait for a table to be ready at A-tavola or Senate, (hour wait? no problem) 8.  Just trust us, the place is good!
<review# 916,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2011,4/4/2012,189,158,,8,1>BEST. PEDICURE. EVER.I don't know anything else about this place...in fact, I'd say nail services are an afterthought. It's a barber shop in the front, and a ladies' salon in the back. Seems like a nice place (everyone is super-friendly), but honestly I don't know anything about all that.The lady you want to see is Nicole. I don't know how she is with fingernails, but I assume good things. With toes--I should say, with feet--she's a goddess. She spent over an hour on my feet. There is no massage chair, but she puts stones in a tub that you swish around with your toes and it's lovely. And then she works and works on your feet--her motto is "no dead skin left behind". When she finishes, your feet look so good that polish is literally just a bonus--but she does a great job there too.She is lovely...the whole experience was truly the best pedicure I've had. She's cash only, so hit the ATM first! And don't go trying to squeeze it in super-fast...Allow some time!
<review# 917,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2011,4/3/2012,62,137,,7,4>As my highlights began to grow out, I searched for a new colorist in true Yelper fashion. I happened upon the rave reviews for Heather and immediately booked an appointment with her. I can safely say she earned for 5 stars and then some. Pump Salon is awesome, very funky and industrial. I'm an Apple freak so I was impressed that they had two Apple's set up in the waiting room. Everyone here seems to have their own style, which definitely speaks to the type of people they hire. Heather is exactly what I would expect in Boston, and what I've been looking for in Cincinnati. She has a cool, ecletic look and a full sleeve of tattoos. I've seen her twice now, once for simple blond highlights that turned out perfect and grew out naturally. On my second visit I wanted something a little funky so I mentioned wanting to put some violet in my hair. She recommended placing them sporadically underneath my hair so they wouldn't leave me with nasty roots. I can't wait to go dark during the winter to see what she'll do. Just a warning about Pump Salon that when you only have color done you won't get a blow out. I opted out but Heather hooked me up with a little product in my hair so it would dry without massive amounts of frizz.
<review# 918,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2012,4/2/2012,24,61,,10,2>My sister-in-law treated me to the Organic Sugar Scrub Pedicure Woodhouse offers and it was heaven! Here's why:1. Unlike most salons, when you are having your pedicure your seat is fairly separated from the other pedicure chairs so you don't feel crowded. This is great if you're going in by yourself. It's also good if you're with someone else because you have your own space but you're not so far that you can't socialize. Plus, they can actually close a curtain between the chairs so if you were by yourself and another patron came in, you can still have a relaxing experience sans awkwardness of having a stranger by you.2. The staff was very relaxed, professional and friendly. None of that awkward small talk that so often happens. And it wasn't even awkward in moments of silence. Plus, the woman I had for my pedicure knew what she was doing! She took her time, let me savor the experience and it was great.3. They have some little extras you don't normally experience. Notably, they offer a neck wrap infused with lavender and a few other things I can't remember. You can buy this neck wrap in the lobby. It was heated when they put it on me and man was that a nice touch! They also have an amazing technique during the pedicure for giving you a gentle foot massage (seriously wishing my husband could have observed it so he could replicate it at home!). Lastly, they used hot stones on my legs and feet which I have never had before in a pedicure and it was wonderful!4. Because we chose an organic pedicure, all the products used on us were organic/natural which was awesome. But, even if you don't pick this, you'll still have organic/natural products used on you for any service. Even with nailpolish, they only have Sparitual which is wonderful.5. Best of all, more than 4 weeks later, my toes and feet STILL look great. The polish hasn't chipped or cracked and my heels still look good (slightly dry but it's winter after all). This is a huge deal when you're paying $60 a pop plus tipThe only reason i didn't give this spa 5 stars is because of the parking situation. If you can't find a spot in the underground garage, good luck finding any parking at all. I drove around - no joke - for 30 minutes looking for a parking spot. I finally parked at the dentist office across from the entrance to the garage - they allow you to park there for free if you're visiting the salon.
<review# 919,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/11/2011,4/1/2012,33,56,,9,2>I'm a little surprised to find no reviews for this.We got to take a ride on the Cincinnati Dinner Train over the holidays as part of a office Christmas party. It was a really cool location for a party, as we had 2 whole train cars to our group and we could wander at will. The main car was the dining car, and the second was a lounge car where you could just hang out. Totally vintage train and lots of fun to see Cincinnati by rail. Food is pretty decent, especially considering it's all prepared before the ride. Staff is great and I'd definitely recommend it if you haven't gone before. It's just something different to do, not your everyday restaurant experience.
<review# 920,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/12/2011,3/31/2012,47,85,1,9,3>This may be the only place around town you can go shooting, unless you know someone outside city limits with some land.  And I'm sure the gun-loving employees get tired of all the people that come in with no clue what to do.So with that in mind, I think Target World does the best it can.  I've experienced poor service.  But I've also received great customer service from the older gentleman who carries what is essentially a cannon in his waistband, or Mexican style as he called it.  He was very knowledgable and friendly.  It really depends on what day of the week and time of the day you go.  If you want to go shooting without long lines, best to avoid weekends.If you have your own gun, then it is best to bring your own ammo.  I think their prices are a little higher.  If you don't have a gun, they will let you rent theirs to shoot.  What's nice about that is if you rent a 9mm you can try every 9mm they have for the same price.  But you have to purchase their ammo to use with rentals.
<review# 921,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2012,3/30/2012,76,315,,4,7>We skipped this for a couple years because of the cost despite the fact that we are total winos.  Last year we sucked it up and payed the $60.  Totally worth every cent!!!!!!For wine enthusiasts, this is your utopia.  All you can drink wine in every variety!  Sweet wine, dry wine, red, white rose.... even champagne.  Hundreds and hundreds to try.  And we are not talking the cheap stuff here!Also, for those that have been to beer fest, this is nothing like Beer Fest!  They actually class up the convention center for this one with carpets and curtains.  And, unlike Beer Fest, there is food a plenty!  The Midwest Culinary Institute does an entire meal!  Graeters gave away chocolates and ice cream last year.  Krogers had a whole cheese station!I recommend doing the afternoon tasting on Saturday.  Lines are shorter so you get more wine and less pushing.  Please, please, please plan on NOT driving afterwords.  I can't imagine that anyone exiting the convention center after this are competent drivers.  Definitely, definitely go!
<review# 922,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2012,3/29/2012,204,335,,8,1>This is the new location in Price Hill across from Corner Bloc. I had the catfish and fries and my dinner partner had the cod and fries. The breading is their own recipe and is extremely flavorful. The fries may be frozen but the batter the fries are dipped in is divine. The tartar sauce is from one of their vendors but they "doctor" it to make it their own. It's the first commercial tartar sauce I've had that is better than Frisch's. The grilled onions and peppers have a serious bite to them and really bring out the flavor of the fish. $7 gets you a dinner and they rotate their catch of the day; catfish, grouper, and a bunch of others. The catfish melted in your mouth. I LOVE catfish and this is definitely the best catfish I've had in Cincinnati. Period. It was flaky and tender and served piping hot. My partner's cod was good but cod is the chicken of fish. I am dying to try the whiting. The basket comes with 2 pieces of white bread. We assumed it was to soak up the grease from all the fried food but there wasn't any. The owner is very customer service focused and more than wiling to converse with this patrons and answer questions. He seems committed to the neighborhood and I'm glad he chose to open his business in Price Hill.I LOVED the decor of the inside - there is a bar that lines the front with stools for seating and a couple of intimate tables. The place is cute and comfy and welcoming. 5 stars peoples. You need to eat here.
<review# 923,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2011,3/28/2012,181,524,,5,3>I'm a total sucker for cute restaurants in houses. Anyone who reads my reviews with any regularity probably can tell. Lime is an adorable little restaurant in an adorable little house in Mainstrasse. You really feel like you are walking into a friend's house... but to order a delicious burrito.The service is really friendly, the burritos are fresh, healthy, and so good. A lot of the ingredients are fresh and (I think) home grown. The price is great for the quality and the burrito is just enough and not too enormous. I also love the patio seating in the front and back. It's a small place with limited seating, but I've never seen it filled up and I would guess that the bulk of the business is carry out. So glad to discover Lime, since it's right near my office. I suspect I'll become somewhat of a regular.
<review# 924,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2012,3/27/2012,32,69,,2,2>I count down the days until the Dari Bar opens after it closes in the fall.From a young age I've visited the Dari Bar after soccer games. It is always delicious and never too long of a wait (unless you go on Saturday's around 12-3p m, during which you'll hit the soccer crowd). But even then it's worth the wait.The *only* complaint I have is when I order a hot dog instead of a footlong. I usually get mine with chili (NOT a coney!!) and they always give me a coney sized dog instead of a regular one. I always ask for half of a footlong, but they just seem confused. I think it's just due to the KY/OH coney obsession. Oh well.It's cash only, so don't forget to stop by the bank!
<review# 925,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2011,3/26/2012,52,61,3,2,2>I went to the roller derby for the first time last night and its a dang good time! Unfortunately we missed the $1 beer happy hour but the tickets are only $12. Roller derby is back on the rise in America and of my friends were surprised to know it existed in Cincy. I'd been meaning to get to a game ever since I heard about it... And since i saw the movie Whip It (which, incidentally, is cute and I would recommend it). I like the girl-power and energy.The game is fun, the tickets are well priced, the music is good, the crowd is energizing and it's great for all ages! Next time I plan to go and tailgate and get there earlier to have more central seats.
<review# 926,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2011,3/25/2012,48,167,,4,1>The Schoolhouse Restaurant is located in historic Camp Dennison.  It's such a special experience to eat dinner here!  Not just because of the history, but because everyone is friendly, from the moment you walk in the door, until the moment you walk back out.  The food is American country cooking and will vary somewhat, but they also have many staple dishes.  The sides are plentiful and delicious and keep coming to your table's lazy susan.  There's mashed potatoes and gravy, green beans, salad with an awesome sweet dressing, slaw and don't forget to order your corn fritters with honey.  WOWZA!  The food is simple and good, but the atmosphere and people make the place really special.  You feel like you're connected with everyone in the room.  Maybe because the dining room is the old classroom and you're just there with your classmates.  The menu is written on the chalkboard, but luckily they don't send you home with homework, unless you count your leftovers!  After you eat, you can work off those corn fritter calories by heading to the back of the property to visit the goat corral and an antique store!Great place to make great memories with family and friends!
<review# 927,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2012,3/24/2012,58,439,,5,2>I love Indian food, but my experiences in Cincinnati have mostly been with the local Ambar/Baba/Guru/Akash, etc. line of restaurants. I'm a big fan of those, but this honestly edged them out a bit in my most recent dinner experience. The space is nothing fancy, but the service is definitely warmer and more personable than other local Indian options. The owner stopped by a couple of times to check on us and seemed to have a lot of pride in his restaurant and really wanted customers to have a great experience. I shared Chicken Tikka Masala, Chicken Tikka Saag, and a piece of garlic naan with my friend and it was all delicious. The Saag is slightly richer/creamier than I'm used to, but in a good way, and had large chunks of tender tandoori chicken. The Tikka Masala was flavorful despite being mildly spiced (as requested). And the piece of naan was enormous--definitely share-able--and the aroma of garlic and butter wafting off it is pretty much guaranteed to kick start your salivary glands.Hoping to go back and enjoy the lunch buffet next time!
<review# 928,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2011,3/23/2012,88,93,3,4,4>So a certain TV show with an amazingly short-fused British chef has made it hard for me to want to ever eat at a Mexican restaurant again, but we were craving guacamole and tacos the other night and El Rancho Grande is the closest Mexican we could get. It just recently opened in East Gate and we drive by it every day. I just want to say that I am glad they set up shop there. YUMMY!When we walked in, we were greeted immediately and walked straight through to the right side of the establishment by the bar. It is beautifully decorated like a Mexican market, colorful paintings on the walls and on the tables. Very clean and promising. Our waitress Bri was fantastically friendly and on top of refills and checking on us. Bri brought us chips and salsa (which I think could be just a bit better) and refilled us twice. I ordered the Lobster Chimichangas at her recommendation ($12.98). She brought me 2 tortillas stuffed with lobster (which I believe to be imitation, but good nonetheless) and covered with cheese sauce. It was served with rice and beans (delicious) and also with guacamole ... it had a heat to it which I normally don't like because I'm a guac purist but this was definitely a unique surprise. Great guacamole.My friend ordered the Camarones con Arroz (Shrimp & Rice) and when I snuck a taste, I was glad I did. It was full of amazing flavor and just the right amount of heat. Yum. My other friend had three tacos and those were pretty standard. Nothing to write home about but definitely tasty.I can't wait to go back and try more of their dishes AND their Happy Hour Sunday thru Thursday from 3-6pm 1/2 price beer and margaritas! Nice!
<review# 929,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2012,3/22/2012,35,175,2,3,3>This place keeps getting better and better. It's actually been kinda exciting to see this place go from a cute stand in a candy shop to, what i know believe, to be the best cupcake shop in the entire greater Cincinnati area. I'll stake my rep on it. Everytime I go there its better and more adventurous. In my previous review I said I didnt give it 5 stars because of all the amazing things that are going on in the cupcake game. Well, I have decided to welcome "Heavenly Frosted" to the 5-star table. They truly deserve it.One thing though- offer the Cookie Dough Cupcake everyday! ITS AWESOME!!!
<review# 930,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2012,3/21/2012,58,23,,1,2>Great business. Animals are so well taken care off. Yes both Cats and Dogs. 24 hours  365 days a year. Strongly suggested if you are thinking of using their service take your pet for an evaluation prior to needing their services. They do not simply take walk in's your pet needs to be evaluated for a day prior to a full day visit. Meghan the manager is just great as well as all the staff.Great new bonus they have have an in house pet store so you can pick you food etc while dropping off your buddy
<review# 931,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/14/2011,3/20/2012,54,44,,3,2>This place just opened this week and I am a big fan.  The burgers are excellent and come in a pretty great variety.  Their Gourmet Burgers are great, and way more food than I had originally expected.  EVerything is À la carte here so you can spend upwards of 10$ but it's definitely worth it. I had the Rockefeller. Two beef patties, blue cheese, cranberry chutney, beer battered onion strings, cilantro mayo and lettuce.  It was great; that and an order of fries were more than enough.  I'm going to return and try more of their gourmet selection.  You can also make your own burger with a wide variety of free toppings for your standard burgers.  The plan is for them to soon start serving draft beer, not sure about their selection yet but I'll report back.  Soon to return to this place and try out some more burgers, may increase to a 5 star depending on the burgers and beer selection.
<review# 932,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2012,3/19/2012,66,84,6,3,2>Woohoo!  I'm the first person to rate/review this joint!  Upon checking in on my mobile application, I saw no Yelp reviews *gasp* and knew that I had to go where no Yelper has gone before-- rate Bad Frog Frozen Yogurt in West Chester.I only frequent West Chester for some of its gems, such as Sultan's; however, a very special Groupon deal was just the catalyst I needed to drive up here to Bad Frog, which I had never heard of before, for froyo exploration.  I love frozen yogurt and just have not been happy with the choices I've encountered here in Cincinnati.  I've started to settle, but sometimes I wonder why I settle.  What would have happened if Martin Luther King just settled?  Where would we all be today? Okay, okay, on to the review.My companion (also no amateur to froyo) and I begin our dessert journey to the boonies of West Chester with low hopes for Bad Frog.  Having been to Yagoot and other Cincinnati froyo places, I'm now used to and tolerant of the server deciding that 4 slices of strawberries is enough topping for me.Why the name Bad Frog?  I have no idea, but it is def not an appetizing name.  Ewww...Logistics: My navigation tells me I have arrived, but I only see a Smoothie place.  Alas, look past the crowded Smashburger in the strip mall, and you will see Bad Frog.When you walk in, you'll first pass the registers, keep going.  You want to make your way to the cups and dispensing machines.  My first impression (and sometimes my only ask of eateries) is that it looks clean, which is the way it should be.  Acceptable in my book!The attendant has sample cups and has just given a couple what looks like their fourth generous sample.  Abusing the "sample system" much, eh?  People do this quite a bit, and it disgusts me.  You know who you are!  Shame on you.The attendant asks us if we would like samples.  Since I wanted to try the Coffee flavor, I proceed to TAKE the sample cup from her hand.  Strange...she  doesn't let go.  Self-serve frozen yogurt restaurants where you pay by the ounce are a-plenty where I grew up, so I am very familiar with this service model. "Don't you let me serve myself?" I ask.  She informs me that I can't serve my own sample but can serve myself when paying for the real deal in the big cup.  Ummm...okay.  I don't know how this keeps things hygienic (pointless, I tell you), but okay, thank you for the help with the sample.  She then asks me if I've ever had frozen yogurt before.  :XThe coffee tastes more like chocolate or what a fudge bar tastes like.  I figure it would be best to stick to the tried and true basics then.  My companion asked about the original tart flavor, but they didn't have it.  We were told it was just not popular.  Why, that's strange.  :)  They did have chocolate, vanilla, apple pie, apple, coffee, acai tart, etc.  My companion and I both got the raspberry tart, since it most closely resembled original tart.Any way, after you've filled your cup with your choice of frozen yogurt flavor(s), you can approach the little candy bar looking area and fill up on your toppings---- as many toppings and as much of whatever toppings as you'd like.  There's no, would you like 1, 2, or 3 toppings?  It's as many as you want!!!  Whatever you want!!!!They didn't have my cheesecake bites out, which is the one holy grail topping I always seek.  I ask why they don't have it, and one of the employees actually brings me out some  from the back.  How SAWWEEEEET!!!!!! The toppings at the bar included mango boba pops (these little juice filled pods that burst with flavor when you chew/break them), passion fruit boba pops, cherries, strawberries, blackberries, blueberries, Twix crumbles, cookie crumbles, cookie dough, coconut, yogurt chips, carob chips, chocolate chips, almonds, peanuts, gummies, etc.  I can go on and on but will stop with this.  Once you've sinfully topped your yogurt with these goodies, you move on to the pumps of syrup.  The usual syrups are out -- caramel, chocolate, etc.  I didn't see (but don't think Cincinnati is ready yet) condensed milk.  :)Finally, you make it to the cash register.  You put your yogurt on the scale to be weighed, and you pay.Sounds simple, right?Here is the verdict: this is the BEST frozen yogurt place in Cincinnati. Hands down.+Self service is the bomb+Customization is the new in+Freedom to choose, mix, match yogurts in one cup+Freedom to choose as much or as little of as many toppings as you want without being charged a fee for each topping (ahem, Yagoot!)+So many choices in toppings to choose from!!!+Clean+Friendly!!!  +Great service Oops...I forgot to snap and upload a business pic when I was there tonight.
<review# 933,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2011,3/18/2012,61,85,,7,6>Not sure if I was in the same place the previous reviewer visited my experience was 180 degrees better. Anyway I was invited to a business meeting at the County Cafe behind the UDF off 42 at Pleasant Run in Florence. Just a little hard to find but a couple trips around the strip center and there it was. Bright Cheery and clean. We were seated quickly at 12:15 prime lunch time. The server greeted us with a big smile and remembered the drink orders of my friends. We asked for sometime to talk and take care of some business. Not a problem. The server checked on us a couple times until we were ready. My friends ordered the special. Hot turkey with gravy and mashed potatoes. I asked what the County Cafe was known for and was told Double Decker's. Which happened to be the previous name of the place. I asked the server to pile mine high and juicy with lettuce tomatoes mayo the works. She did and it was great. Served with Saratoga Chips and barbecue sauce on the side. The food was Delicious and our drinks stayed filled. Luckily I did not see the check which made things even better. Next time I am in Florence I 'll try to find it again!
<review# 934,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2012,3/17/2012,52,101,8,5,2>On the 7th day God rested. On the 8th day God made chicken and waffles. On a completely random day in the 16th century, some sap in Europe invented maple syrup (pun intended). And sometime in 2007 a man by the name of Jean-François perfected what God and the European started and opened the very first Taste of Belgium in downtown Cincinnati. And God looked down and saw the finished waffle n' chicken dish, and it was good.I wouldn't say I'm a huge fan of waffles (my waffle proficiency ranges from multiple visits to the Waffle House to a well-known frozen treat known as Eggo Waffles). But after one trip to Taste of Belgium, waffles are definitely a trending topic in my belly.I'm not sure what the cooks are doing in the back at Taste of Belgium but my waffle n' chicken was simply redonkulous. The chicken was fried to perfection and smothered with hot sauce, and the surprisingly small waffle was packed with plenty of flavor and was by far the best waffle I've ever had the pleasure of eating. Also ordered was the Banana & Nutella waffle which was so good that I'm pretty sure I heard angels playing trumpets every time that I took a bite.The ambiance of the cozy Taste of Belgium was perfect and everything about the experience was a positive. The prices were more than reasonable and my awesome brunch ran me about $20 for two people. Also of interest is a fully loaded bakery case filled with culinary delight and edible happiness that can be found immediately as you enter the establishment.The only way I can imagine waffles being any better is if I were to meet Jean-François's daughter and marry her and have homemade delicious waffles prepared Taste of Belgium-style in my home on a daily basis. However, since I'm not sure if Jean-François even has a daughter I guess I'll stick to driving to OTR and dropping a twenty spot on an awesome brunch.
<review# 935,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2011,3/16/2012,25,121,2,3,2>I made my first trip to Molly Malone's last night and was pleasantly surprised by the experience. I went for dinner and drinks with a friend before we hit up the nearby Madison Theater for a concert.Our dinner (a burger for her, and their chicken, ham and brie sandwich for me) was delicious, and I adored their steak fries. I liked them a little too much, I think. The service was fantastic, and the pour on my Guinness was properly done, not botched like at most bars. (Hint: if you get the Guinness at the same time as your other non-Guinness beers, it's probably not been poured right.)I liked the ambiance of the interior (we stayed on the first floor, although I hear there are others). It's always hard to do "authentic" Irish pub without being over-the-top cheesy, and Molly Malone's makes one of the best attempts at this of anywhere I've been in Cincinnati.Bottom line: I liked it. I'll be back.
<review# 936,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/18/2011,3/15/2012,201,516,5,7,5>When I was told that dining at Chung Ki Wha means you will be cooking your own meal, I immediately thought of the Seinfeld episode where Kramer wants to start a make-your-own-pizza restaurant. ("...and you FLING it in the air!")As if my initial preconception of the place wasn't low enough already, when I arrived with a coworker, he and I were the only non-employee cars in the parking lot. We walked in... to dead silence. It took at least 2-3 minutes for us to even hear anyone moving around in the place, even after peeking around corners and over the bar.Finally when an employee (owner? hostess? waitress? I have no idea) noticed us, she promptly seated us at a large table for our group of 7. The tables all have one grill cooktop, which is coal-fired. The 7 of us shared 3 grills which was perfectly adequate for us.The way it works is as follows: you go to the cold bar where there are a number of different meat/seafood options such as shrimp, spiced pork, marinated beef, scallops, and a few others. There were also plenty of raw veggies to choose from. You then bring your selection back to your table and with the use of provided tongs, grill away. There are a handful of side items you can take from another cold bar (noodles, fried tofu, kimchi, edemame, etc.) as well as two soups, which I didn't try. They don't have a full bar, but they do serve beer and sake. The only dessert-type food they had was sliced watermelon, which was a bit disappointing.Overall, the food was yummy and our waitress (who was the only soul in the place other than our table of 7 for the entire 3 hours we spent there) was very attentive. She replaced our grill-tops when they had too much burned gunk on them, refilled our water frequently, adjusted our grills' heat, and was kind enough to show us some tips on how to use the grills.Overall, I think this place is a hidden gem, although pretty expensive. I'm just curious if they can handle more than one table of customers at a time.
<review# 937,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2011,3/14/2012,101,324,,9,4>Following a recommendation from other Yelpers - I decided to try this place.I have had stuffed pizzas before and this was probably one of the best stuffed pies I have had.    The sauce on top seemed fresh (no can / paste taste).     The crust was flakey ...  Just thinking about it I am having separation anxiety.I also tried the steak sub and all I can say is wow! - I don't know if they have a traveling crew of keebler elves in the back making their sub rolls but was it good.    I think the sub chains in the area have lost my business permenantly because I will go to Mios for my sandwiches.I ordered my meal to go and enjoyed a Blue Moon while I waited.    The staff was friendly and the place was crowded (a very small seating section).A very strong recommend.
<review# 938,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2012,3/13/2012,6,116,,1,1>The Lackman is a really great place to go if you want to enjoy a good quality craft beer in a semi classy setting. My boyfriend and I like to go here in the early evening. They have a great beer selection is really great and they also have a selection of whiskey and wine. The set up is really nice and the seating is very comfortable. The place definitely gets crowded at night. One thing that I will say that I did not like about this place was a certain bartender that I will keep anonymous. This bartender was over the top opinionated and made my boyfriend and I feel almost like idiots for liking certain beers that were not up to his standards. I'm sorry but if you are working somewhere and putting the product that you are being paid to sell down that makes you seem like a negative person.
<review# 939,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2012,3/12/2012,125,1068,2,2,2>I usually go to skyline, but Gold Star Chili has a great vegetarian selection if you are trying to watch what you eat. They have the Veggie Chili, Veggie three way, Veggie Burritos & Burrito bowls, South of the Border Chili Salad, Spring Harvest Salad which you can add grilled or crispy chicken, or just the cafe salad.  The chili is their own signature meatless Vegan chili which is really delicious and healthy. This Gold Star chili, is located in a small plaza next to Ali Baba's, across the street from Subway.  I have never dined in, usually take out.  But the place is clean and staff is friendly.
<review# 940,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2012,3/11/2012,73,345,8,3,5>If you can find the end of the rainbow than you will be rewarded with the pot of gold that is O'Malley's in the Alley. O'Malley's is a magical place dwelling within a parallel universe that is similar to the city of Cincinnati.  It can only be found with the right level of insobriety, as it is located midway along third and a half street, tucked between two ashen towers, unidentifiable by the eyes of common mortals.  I have happened upon this mythical place of legends three or four times, typically after sporting events or on holidays that deeply encourage drinking.  Even when I stumbled upon it last night, and most people in our party were lost in the shrouds of darkness, unable to locate O'Malley's, it was I the hero Scottimus Prime, who had been drinking the most, who was able to cross the threshold of human existence and lead us on our travels deep into the belly of said beastie.Here we encountered the diminutive one-headed guardian dog of the tavern, Cerberus.  Having casually sidestepped his yipping terror, we entered to find a land flowing with milk and honey, a jovial atmosphere akin to that of Valhalla, an endless barrel of peanuts, and bubbling fountains of Smithwick's!  Huzzah!
<review# 941,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/25/2011,3/10/2012,19,47,2,3,2>Eat this:Poutine - fries, cheese curds, gravy goodness and short rib.  Get it with the egg on top and I guarantee you'll have a food boner.Mussels- very good, but not leaps and bounds above typical mussels dishes.  Having said that, I love this dish, and I usually try it everywhere I see it.  It doesn't disappoint here.
<review# 942,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2012,3/9/2012,129,127,1,3,4>More than once, the staff of Airport Fast Park have saved the day.  Sometimes it's with a blazing fast ride to the airport, sometimes a funny story or just a smile.  Whatever the case- they always go above and beyond.The prices are great, absolutely comparable or cheaper to any of the other parking lots at this airport.PLUS, you get points for every day you park there, and for a frequent parker like me, that's such a bonus.  I've never had to pay to park on my personal vacations because I've always had enough points to park for free!  I love it!They'll give you a free paper in the morning, and a bottle of water when you leave!  Hooray- free stuff is fantastic! :)My favorite thing about this place, though, back to the stories about saving the day- is the staff.  One of the drivers actually took my flat tire off my car when it had gone flat while I was parked in the lot, and replaced it with the donut.  Seriously?  THAT is above and beyond!  Thanks, Airport Fast Park!I love this lot. :)  I love it a lot. ;)
<review# 943,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2011,3/8/2012,120,162,2,6,1>Ah Cincinnati Chili, is there really a more polarizing debate?  There are those who hate it and those who love it, and with those who love it the debate continues about which chili is the "Best."  Well this review will hardly settle any chili debate, but from all the Cincy chilis I have tried, Camp Washington's is by far the best.Camp Washington Chili is located in the cool retro themed diner right off the Hopple Street exit.  Despite the retro feel, this is actually the second building which they rebuilt when the road was widened sometime around the start of the Willenium.  Architecture aside, this place is truly a Cincinnati institution dating back to the 1940's.  The inside feels just like a kitchy, retro diner built within the last 20 years.  But what is really cool is that the walls are covered with awards and news stories from all over the country, and they are even listed in the 1000 Places to See Before You Die book!So this is great and all, but what about the food?  Well the chili is fantastic.  It is meaty and not too watery with a certain pop- you just have to try it.  But what if you don't like chili?  A) Really?  B) Don't worry the menu is large enough to have something for everyone.  They have a whole host of double decker sandwiches, salads, and breakfast items.  Though this is my favorite Cincy Chili, my favorite item on the menu is by far the grilled turkey and cheese.  I mean this sandwich is just incredible.  Everything about it is just perfect.  There is plenty of meat and the cheese is just the right gooienss that it just creates one beautiful, probably not that good for you sandwich fit for the Earl of Sandwich himself.What is also great about place is that it is open 24-7, and I believe closed on Sunday.  Most of the time its pretty jumping, but usually there is never a wait, except for in the wee AM post bar hours, and there is always plenty of free parking.  So head on down and try the best chili and grilled cheese in the Tri-State, granted too many might be bad for your health and there 999 other places to see, according to the book anyway.
<review# 944,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2012,3/7/2012,81,56,2,4,2>This lazer kraze is amazing!! Not only does it have a large multi level laser tag arena.  It also has an American Gladiators like Air Dodgeball Arena!!  I was a bit worried about the dodgeball at first at how dangerous it may be.  It is well padded and you can't get too crazy that you'll hurt yourself.  It is a definite work as well since you're bouncing all the time.  A great experience.The laser tag area was spacious with 2 levels and plenty of areas to duck and hide.  The equipment was well kept as well.  The lasers and jackets all worked and they weren't sweaty gross either.  At the end of the games, you get an individual score card print as well of how you did overall and against each opponent.  I would say this is the best laser tag in the area.
<review# 945,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/3/2012,3/6/2012,221,658,9,13,12>4 Stars - Tucked away behind a strip mall, it was a little difficult to find but we figured it out. This place had been several ho-hum restaurants in the past, so I was surprised at how beautiful it was inside. Warm colors, beautiful paintings, plain wood tables. Nice!5 Stars - The drinks are made from scratch, and I had a Cosmo that was THE.BEST.COSMO.EVER. It came in layers, with a spiced cranberry at the bottom, homemade cranberry juice, and a lemonade-like top. It was to die for. The menu was very creative, and there were many daily specials. I always go for the specials cause there's a reason they're special - right?5 Stars - I had a grapefruit, beet and avacado salad with goat cheese, cilantro and a really good dressing. So far they're hitting it out of the ballpark. I should have stopped there.1 Stars - I meant to order the eggplant appetizer for my entree, but the waitress didn't get that and brought me the entree eggplant from the regular menu. (I should have been clear what I was ordering, and like eggplant in any form so I went for it.) It was a large slice so deeply battered you couldn't even tell it was eggplant. There was a mushroom/cream/caper sauce, but you couldn't even taste that for the greasy breading (really - this could have been the chicken fried steak at Cracker Barrel). Served with mashed potatoes (could have been Bob Evans) and broccolitini. Hubby had a steak, and it was "OK", not great - just OK. For $27 it should have been more than OK. Same potatoes and some grilled veggies.3 Stars - Service. Long lags between drinks, thought our waitress was friendly enough she just wasn't around when we needed her.This is a nice place, and it certainly isn't cheap. I asked about happy hour, and they don't have one. But if I come again, it will be for the drinks and maybe an appetizer at the bar. The bar is beautiful and classy. I would give a 3 1/2 but no can do so I downgraded to a 3. Eggplant was simply unacceptable.
<review# 946,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2012,3/5/2012,69,67,1,7,2>Skinny Legs is one of my new favorite spots.  I recently moved to Bellevue, and it's definitely a spot where I will spend a lot of time.  The food is good and the atmosphere is comfortable.  It's a fun place to go just for drinks, but also a place you can get some decent wings or a burger.I also highly recommend the Skinny Legs Rolls - delicious!Their menu has enough options that you can eat here pretty often and not get sick of it. Even on the weekends, the place doesn't get overly crowded and there's always a place to sit down.  Patrons are friendly - don't be surprised if you get pulled into a spontaneous dance party.
<review# 947,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2011,3/4/2012,94,404,3,4,3>Motor sports?!  Seriously?  I don't know jack about it, and generally couldn't care less.  And glitzy modern-day NASCAR is just about one of the most mind-numbing and dispiriting things that I can think of.  But I revere and enjoy authentic Americana of just about any sort, and Lawrenceburg Speedway provides exactly that:  a decades-old dirt racing track that probably hasn't changed all that much over the years and evokes earlier, simpler times, unsullied by corporate sterility and gloss and hype.  This is the motor-sports version of a unique, old-model minor-league baseball park.We went for the Speedway's second annual "Night of Destruction":  school bus races, a lawn mower derby, emergency-vehicles races, a "hornets" race (featuring smaller, beat-up American cars like Saturns and Ford Focuses), a "roll over" contest (drivers speed their cars--Ford Festivas?--toward a small ramp, which they use to try to roll the cars over as many times as possible), and a demolition derby.  In between these events, a late-model racer tore around the dirt track.  (The rest of the April-to-October Speedway schedule features straightforward car racing of various sorts.)There actually wasn't very much "destruction."  One of the school busses tried to side-swipe its way through the herd and lost a tire.  The roll-over cars sustained a few new dents.  There were only five lawn mowers in that contest.  (And we missed the demo derby, which came last and quite late, but we heard it was kind of a dud.)  The school bus races were the most badass of these.  But I suspect these "Nights of Destruction" will bet getter in future years.At a mere $10, this kind of entertainment value is hard to beat.  Even if none of it was particularly thrilling, pretty much all of it brought smiles to our faces for several hours running.  And the PA announcer, Chad Cunningham, and the track announcer, whose name I forget, had a good chemistry and were smooth, entertaining, and informative.  The metal bleachers in the grandstand have chairbacks and most seats offer good views of all the action on the track.Concessions, including beer, are quite a bit cheaper than at professional sports and big-ticket concert events.  Think $3 for burgers and brats and $2.50 for cans of Bud.  And yes, you'll see lots of jorts, goatees, tattoos, and black t-shirts with the sleeves cut off (and even cut-off denim shirts fashioned into Ernest P. Worrell-style vests).  That might scarify some city slickers.  But don't worry: these folks won't bite.  In fact, despite the presence of cheap beer and the availability of several hours in which to chug it, the level of idiotic drunken loutishness was far lower than at the average MLB or NFL game.  On this night at least, it was more of a family atmosphere than anything else.Summary:  Hell yes.  I think we're going to have to go back.
<review# 948,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2011,3/3/2012,27,219,,3,2>Seriously the best kept hiking secret on the east side.The driveway is narrow and 1 car wide, but after some maneuvering it is worth the hassle.Best marked trails in the city and there is a nice little map.  We've been a couple times and never really encountered many people on the trails.  But we have encountered tons of wild-life.  The trails definitely rank challenging at parts and are not "accessible" if you are looking for trails like that.There is some open grassy areas all the way in the back if you are looking for that but the overall feel of this park is WOODED.If you want a GOOD solid hike where you can't hear any road noise, just the beating of your heart and the songs of the birds... I totally recommend California woods.
<review# 949,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2012,3/2/2012,2,85,4,3,1>Check this place out if you live in Cincy proper and feel like browsing some antiques but don't want to make the trek out to Fairfield or Florence. We haven't found any fantastic, big-ticket items here, but there's a good selection of the smaller things we tend to be interested in -- jewelry, pins, comic books, etc. Prices are pretty average. Be sure to browse the basement for a decent selection of clothing and shoes, as well as some nicer furniture pieces. Not the biggest or best antique mall out there, but the size is just right to spend an hour or so browsing and then go home. The staff are friendly, too. (An employee who opened a case for us, upon seeing my boyfriend's Velvet Underground shirt, proceeded to tell us the story of seeing them play here in Cincinnati back in the 70s. Gotta love that 50-something nostalgia!)
<review# 950,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2012,3/1/2012,47,145,,6,3>My husband and I were just driving by this place and decided to give it a try. I'm really glad we did!They have pizza, hoagies, sandwiches, salads, and fries and other various sides. Their variety of hoagies and sandwiches is pretty impressive, they have 26 to choose from to be exact & they all have pretty cool/goofy names. My husband had "The Dirty Don," which was a traditional hoagy with the provolone cheese cooked, he chose to add onions pickles & banana peppers which are available upon request. It was really good. I had the "Greek Imposter" which was a basic gyro, with gyro meat, lettuce, tomato, onion, & tzatziki sauce. It wasn't as good as it would have been at a Greek restaurant of course... but it was still pretty good. We also each had a side of fries. The fries cost 1.99, and we could have easily shared one order because they gave us A LOT! They're just plain average fries, but I like fries and have no complaints. The sandwiches were 5 something each. For the two sandwiches, two sides of fries, and my mountain dew it was like 17.00. Not bad at all. I also really like that they bring the drinks out in large to go cups.I will definitely be going back sometime in the near future to try their pizza. They have all the regular toppings to choose from and some not so regular toppings as well like gyro meat! They also have some interesting specialty pizzas that I would love to check out like their bacon cheeseburger pizza! If it's as good as it sounds, I may need to come back and update my rating.Another thing I like about this place is that it's decorated to celebrate the city of Covington, if that makes sense? They have framed pictures of different areas of Covington like Main Strausse, Latonia & Peaselburg, and a lot of their menu items have Covington themed names.They also have this deal called the Legend of the Drunken Fireman, where if you (one person) eat this giant pizza in less than 59 minutes you get it for free & win a t-shirt. it's a 20 inch pizza with 20 toppings and it's 7 pounds. You have to call ahead to order it  If you can't eat it in 59 minutes or less it's 50.00. That seems insane to me and I don't think anyone would be able to do it... but it's still pretty cool that they have something like this available to try.The waitress was really nice as well. Overall I really like this place. I'll definitely go back, and I'd definitely recommend it to anyone.
<review# 951,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2011,2/29/2012,34,178,,6,2>I read all the reviews before going to Oasis for dinner. I knew I had to go and I must say the reviews were right on the money.The food was absolutely incredible - more on that later. The service was slow, but extraordinarily pleasant and helpful. Live music, disco ball and dancing made for a lively, if noisy, evening.I ordered mushroom soup and was disappointed to find they had run out. Instead they offered chicken soup from their "special" menu. Lucky me! It was fantastic! Full of tender carrots, soft pieces of chicken and an amazing broth. We shared the Samsa Tandori, Kutabs, Cheburek, bread and a fried cheese that also came for a "special" menu. Each item was better than the last. I was already full and still had dinner coming.Four at the table had the Beef Stroganoff. Everyone raved about it. I had to try something different so I ordered the Vareniki with potatoes, potato filled dumplings with grilled onions served with sour cream. It was heaven! There was so much I shared three of the dumplings and had plenty left for myself. One dessert - Ukrainian ice cream - chocolate ice cream with nuts and raspberry sauce. Oh my!!! Yeah, it was gooooooood!And perhaps the most amazing thing of all. Seven of us ate for $110 including tip. Now THAT is a bargain! I will be back again and again and again..........     !!!!!!!!!
<review# 952,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2011,2/28/2012,143,423,1,3,2>The Greek to Me Prassino/Covington location's hours are much more limited than the Erlanger joint (10 am-4 pm, M-Sat) so I wasn't able to grab a bite there until I recently. They are mindful of where their ingredients come from (organic veggies, natural meat) and don't fry everything to death. Fortunately sticking to this eco-friendly strategy doesn't mean sacrificing taste.We tried the spanakopita (grilled, not friend), which was among the best I've ever had outside of Greece. The Greek salad was fresh and the house dressing was so good I wanted to lick my plate afterward. Good thing they gave me pita bread so I wouldn't embarrass myself. My boyfriend's gyro was really good but it didn't stand out from other gyros that I've had in Cincinnati. Overall, this place has solid food. I only wish they had longer hours so I could enjoy it more frequently.
<review# 953,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2012,2/27/2012,211,416,1,4,3>I am warning you now.  If you haven't had La Terza already, you probably shouldn't.  You will be hooked for life.  I have to limit myself (every other cup I get can be La Terza) like some sort of masochist crackhead.  I'm afraid of too much of a good thing.I currently buy my La Terza whole beans at Whole Foods and I must say, the prices are very competitive.  There really isn't a reason not to get hooked... I mean, try some.  No coffee I've had can really compare to the roasts I've gotten from La Terza.  Even the beans look different! With some sort of delicious coffee shellac-liqueur deal going on with that.  I don't know what that is but it obviously makes this coffee SO DARN SPECIAL.My first experience meeting Chuck was pretty mind blowing.  Vintage coffee... what the what?  He exudes some true coffee passion, let me tell ya.  I wish I could have comprehended all that he was saying, because wow, he really knows his stuff.
<review# 954,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2012,2/26/2012,26,154,2,3,3>Dropped by this place with a good sized group and got seated immediately.  That kind of thing won't last long because this place is going to get packed once people discover it is open. very. very. quickly.  The tacos range from good to great and the tasty margaritas (can) come by the pitcher.  The service is friendly, and the owners were even in.  Check out the braised short rib taco.  Next time I go back, I'll definitely be sampling the al pastor (which got rave reviews from my table).  The tacos weren't cheap considering their size, but the quality of ingredients in inspired menu are worth the price (price= $3-4/taco * 4tacos/dinner... that's a $12+ taco dinner).  The food was delicious anyways, and I'm glad to see this little corner of OTR develop into a culinary delight.Bottom Line: I'll definitely be back for some gourmet tacos.
<review# 955,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2011,2/25/2012,278,854,6,3,3>THIS IS SPARTA!! Sorry about that, this is my 300th review and I had to commemorate the Sparta-level achievement with a little silliness. Ok, lets get serious. Wine and beer. Like politics, these beverages can start arguments and cause people to do some really stupid things. That being said, Marty's is like an adult coffee shop where you and a few of your friends can enjoy a nice cold brew, or a great glass (or a bottle) of vino. We were served by Bernice (Marty's better half, :) ) and we had a very silly conversation about our choice of sparkling wine, Sex. The double entendres were flying back and forth with rapid succession. I really like that they don't appear to be wine snobs. By the end of the first of our two bottles of Sex (please insert any possible sex related joke here), we were a little hungry so we had the ($4.50) Nutty Bar Mix (nuts, really? dirty mind, sorry). It was just enough to keep us satiated. Oh, and the Sex was just OK, next time I might go for a more serious varietal. Hey, at least the Sex was reasonably priced at about $15 with a $5 corkage fee. We left happy and will try to come again as soon as possible.There is also a rear entrance if you park in the back lot. *I was able to show Marty their Yelp reviews as he had never heard of Yelp. He was pleased to see all the positive reviews.
<review# 956,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2012,2/24/2012,36,168,,5,3>Beer club.  That's all you need to know.  You must join the beer club if you have any interest in beer.  I still have no idea why people order mixed drinks there when they have the best beer selection in the area.  People.  The bartenders are awesome - attentive (although it gets busy), chatty without being nosey, and knowledgeable about the beer.  The people in the bar are also a lot of fun, and every time we go, we seem to chat with some new people, see some people we've seen before, etc.  It's a great place to relax.   It can be a bit loud, but not too loud - you can have a good conversation there.  The food is pretty good as well.   I just wish they had decent desserts.   YOU NEED STICKY TOFFEE PUDDING, please.   Use Schlafly's recipe - it's on the Web, so they won't mind.  Food tips:  the salad with the house dressing is good; the fried chicken is yummy, but it really does take 30 minutes to prepare, so don't ask for it if you are STARVING; get the fries without the salt/seasoning (thanks, Bartender Zach for the recommendation!) I could say more, but just thinking about this place is making me thirsty and hungry and it's too early for beer!
<review# 957,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2011,2/23/2012,69,143,3,4,2>I don't know why everyone hates this place. Sure, it wasn't the best ever and looks all cheap, dingy, and 90s-esque on the inside. But no one's gonna come for the atmosphere, and for the price, the quality was impressive. I went to King Wok because my friend and I were craving dim sum and didn't want to drive too far from Clifton. I prefer the cart-style dim sum restaurants, but ordering fresh had its benefits. The food was nice and hot, cooked and fried to perfection. We ordered curry chicken turnovers, chicken-mushroom-bamboo buns, pork spareribs, fried minced meat dumplings, stuffed tofu, and shrimp chow fun rolls. For the most part, everything was really good and well-seasoned with lots of flavor. I usually get intense food coma after dim sum due to all the grease, but that didn't happen after I ate here. The only dim sum dish I wouldn't recommend would be the shrimp chow fun rolls (rice noodle wrapped around shrimp). There were probably 4 pieces of shrimp total, and other than being a bit sweet (which it shouldn't be) it was mostly flavorless. Still, with everything else being great, a satisfied stomach, and the total coming to $20, I will definitely be coming again. I'm fairly certain that there is a coupon in the Bearcat Coupon Book for even greater savings. I like that. Yayy!
<review# 958,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2011,2/22/2012,150,417,,7,3>When I was 17 I wanted to go skydiving but was told you aren't allowed until you hit 18. When that happened I lost my nerve and put it off as one of those things I'd get to someday. Well, as I've gotten older my life list has gotten much much longer and sky diving still nagged at me because I've been over 18 for quite some time now. I was sitting at home when I got a text message. It was from my mom.."Did I tell you what I'm doing this weekend? I'm going skydiving! Wanna go?" I looked at the text, put my phone down and just sat there. You see, my mom is the most conservative woman ever. She doesn't take crazy risks, and often tries to get me not to either. So to get this text from her.. wow. Of COURSE I had to go. My first piece of advice.. get there EARLY!!! We were one of the first groups there and still had a short time to wait. If you get there later the wait gets longer and longer, so jump in the morning. When we arrived we had to go into a room and watch a safety video. You could feel the electricity in the air from all the people who were buzzing with excitement about their first jump. The t.v. comes on and starts going into the safety bit. I look up and there is a man talking very seriously about the risks of jumping out of a plane, who looks like he came out of a ZZ Top video. Come on now.. how can you take that man seriously?? Maybe he was there to ease the nervous tension? Once the video is over you go to the hangar and meet your tandem jumper. We got the video and photo package too so the videographer comes over and does a quick interview with you. You get suited up in your jumping outfit and then you wait for the plane. I was with a crazy spikey blonde haired guy who was perfect for this type of job. Sometimes you can just look at someone and know what they do.. you may not have been able to guess right away with him, but you'd probably come close with any extreme sport. He joked around with me and we headed to the plane. The plane ride is amazing and much smoother than a commercial flight. We all got quiet as we looked down at the land below us and took it all in. I watched my boyfriend who was strapped to an older man go first, then my mom as she snuck a quick glance back at me, and a wave.. and then it was my turn. We were on the edge of the plane and the videographer went first... We jumped and my breath was taken away for a moment.. When you first jump you're in a freefall and it doesn't feel like you are falling as fast as what you really are. It's incredible. It was raining so it was actually ice when it was hitting me.. The videographer was below me getting the expression on my face the whole time and the ground was showing up faster and faster... Finally he pulled the chute and we were ripped back upwards into the sky. You glide for a little bit and he let me take the handles to spin us around. It was the most peaceful feeling I've ever felt in my life. The landing was completely smooth as we slid in on our butts. It was the greatest experience of my life and I will definitely do it again someday. All of us came down with huge smiles on our faces and that was the coolest thing in the world to see.. my conservative mom standing there telling me she wanted to go again. Awesome. :) The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because I purchased the video and pictures. I didn't care about the video because I really only wanted to get pics but you can't buy them separate. Well the video turned out awesome, but there are absolutely 0 pics of me in the sky. I was so bummed. My mom got AMAZING still shots of her on her pics and I really wanted something to share with everyone besides a video. : ( The other thing is that another photographer snaps shots of you as you land and they take you back in the hangar to view the pics. These pics are separate.. and honestly if I could do it again I wouldn't buy them. You don't really need to because your videographer catches alot of the same pics. But if that's the only complaint I have.. well it was worth it. I loved the actual place and the jump. I will go back.
<review# 959,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2011,2/21/2012,18,46,6,1,2>Although not advertised, I'm fairly certain they add unicorn tears to the waffle batter. It's an amazing party in your mouth.When my mom came to visit from Carolina, I insisted on taking her to Findlay to try TOB and ever since I am required by law to bring waffles with me when I come home. They are addictive. Also little known fact- Some of the best pizza in Cincinnati can be found here too. Stop reading Yelp and go get some right now. Your mouth will thank you.
<review# 960,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2011,2/20/2012,10,53,,3,4>Blinkers was the first restaurant I tried for Yelp Eats week.  I met the chef during the Iron Chef event, and he was extremely nice and passionate about his food.  I was interested in the mussels linguine on the half price menu, and he described them beautifully.  I had to try it!My husband and I were originally sat in the empty, dark, and freezing cold main dining area.  We had glimpsed a bright light in the back, and asked if we could move.  We walked through a climate controlled window-filled room to an open-air, yet foliage-covered courtyard.  It reminded me of New Orleans.  After 2 days of 100+ degree heat index, the 80 degree, low humidity evening was a welcome chance to sit outside.We ordered the provolone cheese sticks (5) for the appetizer, and they came out hot and oozing.  The sticks are hand-breaded and GIANT!  I felt guilty eating just two, and we still left one on the plate.  For our main course, I had the mussels linguine (of course) and my husband chose the chicken marsala.  Both items came with a side salad (boring), bread (warm and delicious) and a side.  It was a lot of food!  The mussels were perfectly flavored, with a garlic, white wine, tomato sauce.  They didn't provide a bowl for the shells, though, which I thought was weird.  My husband's chicken marsala was moist and the sauce was very flavorful.We were too full to try any of the desserts, but we had a great experience in a beautiful setting.  I would return, especially for their Monday burger special.
<review# 961,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2011,2/19/2012,20,109,8,6,3>OMG!... Balls!!! IceBalls!!!Sugar, sugar, sugar, sugar, sugar, sugar, sugar, sugar, sugar, sugar, sugar, sugar, sugar, sugar, sugar, sugar, sugar, sugar, sugar, sugar, sugar!!!Your choice of flavored ice-cream. Topped with shaved ice, then smothered in another selection of syrup. Available in small, medium or you have GOT to be kidding me!Upside: You'll have more abundant energy than a thousand Duracell bunnies. Downsides: The resultant crash can be soul destroying and the ice ball comes in a horrible inappropriately-sized polystyrene cup.But in shiznit land it is almighty king of the shiznits.Or you can have simple ice cream scoops in a boring waffle cone. Or a multi-scoop sundae. Or a malt. Or a milkshake like no other. Or buy some homemade fudge.All in a fabulously old-fashioned environment where cleanliness is king.It's all about the balls baby!
<review# 962,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2011,2/18/2012,20,99,,4,3>What could be better on a chilly 50 degree day in May in downtown Cincinnati than grilled cheese and tomato soup? Not much I tell you! While the 2 block walk down the street was cold and a little wet, it was definitely worth the trip (I would do it 50 times over than eat at Skyline- bleck!!) Walking in, the atmosphere is great!!! The menu is written on the walls which makes it very easy to read. One of the nice guys at the counter went through everything with me (since it was my first time) and made some awesome recommendations! I ended up going with a regular grilled cheese on rye and the classic tomato soup and boy was it good!!! It warmed me all the way to my cold toes and brought back the memories from my youth....*stares off into the distant past of yester-year*I will definitely be back!!!
<review# 963,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2011,2/17/2012,79,1047,4,5,7>Coolest Toys in the GALAXY! I love going into geekery shops where I am the only female customer; this place was no exception. There were about a dozen male customers perusing the shop, looking at gadgets, tinkering sets, and nostalgia from their childhood. I, too, was absorbed into this fondness.Every inch of this store is crammed with merchandise; there are even products stocked on the ceiling! The best part is that the clerks know how to work each and every item in the store. No instructions needed, they can rattle off the features and have many of the *really cool* items out to be played with in-store: - an air cannon, which shoots large bursts of air across the room - genius puzzles, the mind-boggling kind magicians use, like the rings - remote controlled balloons shaped like fish that pilot around the room - remote controlled helicopter, indestructible, and comes with auto-pilotThat's just what we played with. Here's more of what's on the shelves: - Old school jack-in-the-boxes - Model car / plane / boat / anything kits - Build your own: hydrogen powered car, electromagnet, praying mantis farm - Newton's Cradle - Fiber optic lights, lasers, lightning, and lava lamps - Matryoshka figures - Animatronic robots... I repeat REAL ROBOTS! - 3-foot tall catapult - A levitating EarthOr for $10,000, you can buy a jetpack. Seriously... they sell jetpacks! coolesttoysonearth.com/pIf you like science, robotics, tricks of illusion, space, anything involving gears and moving parts... and well, just anything technology in general, you need to make a pilgrimage to Coolest Toys On Earth. I spent about an hour looking at every single thing on the wall. It was like browsing a museum of Yesteryear... the kind of entertainment before video games. The best part? Every single one of those dozen customers left with an armful of items, including me.Forget Toys R Us, if you are gifting a child, buy them something from Coolest Toys. Then buy something for yourself. You know you won't be able to resist!Pricing:Most items are $5.00 - $25.00.Larger items, like the helicopter are in the $100 range.
<review# 964,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2011,2/16/2012,340,494,,4,4>I wanted something special for my 200th review, and since I got engaged here, this place will work perfectly! :) I recently visited this winery for lack of anything else to do on a Sunday afternoon (that and the fact that I had Girl Scout cookies waiting for me at a house across the street.) And if you know anything about it, I like wine... a little too much... almost. This winery does their tastings a little differently and I love it! You go to the counter and can buy your sample tray ($8 for 9 samples-in which 2-3 samples equals a whole glass of wine fyi), and they give you the tray with the names of the wines and where to start with crackers in the middle and you are on your own to try them at the counter, take them outside to a picnic table, or mosey into the dimly (romantically not crappily) lit dining room and pull up a table by the fireplace if you'd like. The ambiance is what I really like about this place. And they do cookouts every weekend! They're wine is pretty good too. They offer a semi-sweet to sweet sample tray, and a dry to semi-sweet tray. We tried the sweeter one, and it was a good mix of sweet, semi, and dessert wines. Their champagne is really good as well. The honey wines at the end are too sweet and thick even for me, and I don't recommend ending on them, even though they do. It's just not a good end. They also offer tours of the winery, and have a separate room for gatherings and catering, as well as their own restaurant. It has that classy feel while still being laid back. I would recommend this place to anyone. It's one of the nicer wineries in the area. and most of their bottles are around $8-$20
<review# 965,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/25/2011,2/15/2012,115,118,2,3,1>I had heard a lot over the years about how much better Fraze Pavilion was than Riverbend. When a friend offered her B-52s/Go-Gos tickets, we took her up on the offer.On the plus side, like Riverbend, parking is included in your ticket price and you get a slip with your tickets that tells you which lot you should park in. They have a much more adventurous beer selection than Riverbend (though it could still be better). The pre-purchased box lunch selection was a really nice option (though some tables would have made it even nicer). If you buy lawn seats, they rent out padded seat backs.  Most the staff was very pleasant.On the down side, the seating areas are not covered. This is a problem when shows are rain or shine. We ended up leaving after the B-52s because of the rain. Also, something that we were warned about and experienced ourselves, there seems to be a tradition at Fraze for most of the audience to stand through much of the show. As my husband cracked, they could have saved a lot of money on the seats if they'd known everybody was going to stand instead of sit.All in all, Riverbend, especially with the additional of the PNC Auditorium, is looking much better for this northern Kentucky resident. Now to get them to add some better beer choices...
<review# 966,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2011,2/14/2012,107,86,5,4,3>After driving up and down I-75 for years, seeing the driving range and golf course at the route 123 Franklin exit, I finally decided to stop in and swing at a bucket of balls. I'm really not a huge golfer, but every now and then I will go shoot a round or swing at a bucket of balls on the range just for fun.You see, golf was sort of ruined for me as a result of the negative psychological imprint of my overly-competitive, wannabe PGA tour pretend golfer dad. When I was a kid, the phrase, "Hey son, let's go play golf!" was code word for "I'm denying you the joys of Thundarr the Barbarian on Saturday morning so that I can scream at you nonstop for four hours solid.""KEEP YOUR DAMN HEAD DOWNNNNNNN!!!!!!""YOU TURNED YOUR WRIST DAMMITTTTTT!!!!!!!"It struck mortal terror in my heart when the old man decided that he was up for some father/son bonding - because I understood the only bonding that was taking place was my distaste for the game.Although the consolation prize was doing donuts in the middle of the fairway in the cart on the early morning glistening dew. Pops would eventually get so frustrated with me that he would just say, "You can drive the cart."YESSSS!!!!So anyway, now I'm all grown up, and many thousands of dollars and hundreds of hours of therapy have delivered me from my complete and total aversion to anything relating to the game.That's where the Practice Center comes in... the old man never took me there, so I don't actually have any negative triggers embedded into the location. hahaBut really, the place is actually great! It's super convenient from the highway. Even though it's a Par 3 executive course, it's certainly challenging enough to get in a decent 18 holes. The driving range is awesome with the heated stalls, which means I can work on my swing (shut up Dad... shut up Dad.... shut up Dad...) in the fall and early spring without going numb.They also have a great pro shop and one of those really cool indoor golf simulators that blows the whole Wii thing to pieces.The staff is great, a bunch of cool folks work there... and FREE WIFI!!So anyway, if a hardened psychological misfit of an almost golf fan can have a great time at The Practice Center, ANYONE can.
<review# 967,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2011,2/13/2012,74,223,,3,3>This is my new favorite bar and gives me way more reason to get to Mt. Adams on the regular. This bar is a gem among the many jock-type bars in this area. Yes, there are other good ones as well, aliveOne is a favorite of mine too.Walking down the steps to get to this bar, it's very unassuming. But the outside garden area is quite big and cozy. There are tons of chairs and tables outside facing a small band area. There was a solo guitarist/singer when I was there.Inside the bar are a couple different rooms with friendly servers. They'll even pop you fresh popcorn! The drink menu is broad and the mixed drinks are really good -- there's a unique tasting one with cinnamon I recommend. The decor inside really makes this place stand out; some stained glass and copper saucers and cups hanging all over. Go here!
<review# 968,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2011,2/12/2012,25,104,3,,4>A lunch delights with ease,With food that's certain to please.Come in a groupFor some of their soupAnd donuts, made of grilled cheese.
<review# 969,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2011,2/11/2012,196,189,4,2,1>I like a restaurant that puts it all out there in its name - the only way they could be more upfront is if they called themselves, "Mike's Chili & Gyros & Fries & sometimes Baklava." I also like that they cater to my indecisiveness, offering chili AND gyros - both of which are pretty amazing. The staff are always friendly, and the food always tastes great - it's easily my favorite fast food place in the area.
<review# 970,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/20/2011,2/10/2012,7,172,2,2,2>Fresh, homemade pasta is a thing of beauty, and Pomodori's makes their own pasta in house.  It's chewy, kind of dense, with a bite, everything you expect from fresh pasta.  I love it.  And I especially love that they usually toss it with olive oil and butter prior to adding your sauce, yummmmmmmm.The wood-fired pizzas always sound amazing, and I do like them, but my big complaint is that by the time I'm through my first slice, the rest of the pizza is soggy.  However, the toppings are always very good and the specialty pizzas are creative.The red sauce (standard marinara, I guess) is too sweet for me.  I'm not from Cincinnati originally, and the pizza sauces (LaRosas comes to mind), the chili (Skyline, BLECH!), and the BBQ sauce (Montgomery Inn) are total sugar bombs!  It's a strange flavor when you're not raised on it, and I am not acclimating very well!  I think any good Italian restaurant should offer an Arrabiata sauce (take out sugar, add hot spices, done) and I wish Pomodori's had a spicy option over the sweet marinara.They have great starter salads (love the spinach salad) and minestrone soup.  We go there often on week nights, and service is always fast.  All in all, it's a nice spot for a pizza or pasta when you don't want to spend the big bucks (Nicola's or Germano's) and still support a local business.
<review# 971,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/27/2011,2/9/2012,177,120,,12,6>Located right off the main drag in Fairmount today our lunch took us to Alabama Que.  Known for their Turkey Tips, Alabama Que offers a pretty straight forward menu with daily specials.  I had the Turkey Tips.  Generous portions of smoked turkey tips, with the right amount of BBQ sauce on top, I chose the hot BBQ.  The turkey is flavorful and very tender, almost able to cut it with the provided plastic fork.     My two side items were the green beans and the potato salad.  Both were fine, but after seeing the pictures on his website, I almost wish I had gone with the collard greens as they look fantastic!The proprietor, a gentleman named Dwan, was more than accommodating to our crew.  He offered up his own review of all his menu items, a reccomnedation of his turkey chili (I had a cup, it was great!) and even his own viewpoints on Cincinnati Chili.  My Lunch cohort had the wings.  Much larger than the wings you find at your typical BW3's and the like, these wings were cooked crispy, lightly breaded, and according to him "Tasty."  He also had the bbq nachos that he described as "Pretty Awesome".  Overall, I have to give Alabama-Que a solid 4/5 stars.  I'll definitely be back.
<review# 972,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2011,2/8/2012,38,153,,8,2>Wow!  This place was wonderful!  My friend and I had lunch here on Monday and I could have turned right back around and eaten dinner, too.  Years ago, this used to be a Larosa's pizza where all the tweens from Ockerman used to come after football games.  Now, it's a beautifully decorated, bright, open space with amazing Thai Food.  I don't know how Florence got so lucky to have 2 Thai restaurants that rate, but it's awesome.  My friend ordered the Golden Tofu and Red Curry and I ordered spring rolls and Thai Basil with chicken.  The lunch entree came with a lovely vegetable soup and it was amazing.  Light broth with floating par boiled veggies.  The broth had a little kick to it, so probably simmered with some peppers.  We both ordered " medium" on the spice levels for our entree, and it was perfect, but for someone who is no fan of spice, go mild, go mild, go mild.  "Medium" would be inedible to those folks! The food was beautifully presented, tasted amazing and was reasonable.  We'll most certainly be back!
<review# 973,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2012,2/7/2012,52,111,2,1,3>No matter what you are looking for for your party planning needs, this place has it... fancy specialty food, chips and salsa, decorations, fancy expensive wine/beer/liquor or wine/beer/liquor on a college kid's budget..this place seriously has it all.I think one of the most impressive parts of this store (besides the ridiculously vast selection) is the fact that even the guys stocking the shelves are SO knowledgeable about wine... we brought my in-laws who are wine-lovers from California and they were shocked at some of the bottles they could get from some of the wineries they belong to in Napa/Sonoma that they even have a hard time finding at home in the stores...Also random side note, I got balloons here once for a birthday party and they put in some special stuff to make them float longer and they literally floated for like 2 months. I didn't want to pop them because after a while it just became an experiment of how long helium could last. haha....OH! and I've taken a couple of their hands on classes here before and they are also really fun :)Basically, I am a fan.
<review# 974,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2011,2/2/2012,60,98,3,3,2>Yat Ka Mein is my favorite place to get Chinese take-out in Hyde Park. The staff is incredibly friendly, and the food is always delicious. I don't have a regular dish I get there, because everything is so tasty, I've been sort of working my way through the menu. Not all at once, sheesh!I just discovered that as of this past weekend, they're now open on Sundays, which is awesome for those times I suffer from cooking failure on a Sunday afternoon. Note this place is a little off the beaten path- strip mall next to Naked Pizza.
<review# 975,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2011,2/1/2012,74,75,,4,2>Here is a place that embodies the bowling alley qualities I love. Cheap game of bowling with friends on a casual night (2 games and shoes runs at around $10) and cheap PBRs that you can get in a bucket for a price that for some reason might be different than if you got the same amount of cans out of the bucket (their math is not very good), this bowling alley is pretty much all you need if you're here to just bowl and enjoy a couple hours. It is unique in that it is 24/7 and what makes it a nice option is that unlike other bowling lanes in this city/area (*cough Stone Lanes *cough), the lanes are well-maintained so you can actually get a consistent bowling game in.
<review# 976,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2012,1/31/2012,94,65,3,4,4>I never, ever do this, but I was so impressed with A Tavola that I just got a piece of paper out to write down what we ate so that I could recall it again here in this lovely review.First of all, it's taken me forever to actually eat here. They don't take reservations, so it's always crowded and there's almost always a wait (like 2+ hours)! So I was very excited that a friend was able to get us a table last night.We started out with several bottles of wine (how else?) and the following appetizers:Bacon tapenade + goat cheeseArtichoke bruschettaChicken meatballsBeef meatballs-and let me tell you... the beef meatballs were so good with a touch of pesto sauce and all the spices just combined perfectly.  But the true winner goes to the bacon tapenade + goat cheese.  Holy crap!  No words... just yum.For dinner we got three pizzas:Margherita (for the less adventurous)Artichoke, goat cheese, salsa verdeMargherita + bacon + egg-everything was great, and I really appreciated the creative touch of the fresh cracked egg on top of the pizza.  How cool is that?  It was really tasty, too.  Like a breakfast pizza.  The crusts were authentic, hand-tossed, bubbled, and blackish-brown in parts (that's NOT a bad thing-yummm).All in all, I really mean it when I give this place 5 stars.  It is so delicious and so cozy inside (all the wood is hand carved) - a really great atmosphere.  The kitchen is exposed, the staff is friendly, and the food is amazing.  What more could you ask for?I have also discovered that I eat better when other people order for me.  I also eat better when other people pay for me!
<review# 977,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2011,1/30/2012,52,69,5,1,1>I'll be honest, I don't really eat at Nicholson's. I imagine their food is similar to that of their sister restaurant, The Pub at Rookwood (which is delicious). I come to Nicholson's to drink. They always have excellent draught beers like Young's Double Chocolate Stout. Even better is their amazing whiskey selection. Specializing in a large assortment of scotches and bourbons, that have an entire wall of whiskey.The only bad things I have to say are that they have a soft closing time, which is usually sometime between 11pm and 1am. This means that if you are bar hopping and want to stop by, there is a good chance they will already be closed. Also, one time I ordered from their late night menu.  I wasn't expecting the best hummus ever, but this was exceptionally bad. I still sometimes wake up in the middle of the night in a cold sweat, haunted by the memory of the time hummus was going to be the perfect delicious late night snack to compliment my drunken stupor, but instead I was forced to eat a flavorless paste. I'm not saying their whole late night menu is bad, this was just one experience I had with it.
<review# 978,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2011,1/29/2012,131,60,1,8,4>This is the Newport relocation of what used to be Clifton Comics. If you know Clifton Comics, you know Steve is an incredibly friendly, knowledgeable comic book guy. (On this most recent visit, Steve had a 20-Questions-style discussion with me because "he wanted to make sure I was reading the right comics for me," and pointed me toward a few obscure titles that were right up my alley.)The new comic shop is spacious-- the ground floor is dedicated to comics and game sales, with an additional floor reserved for tabletop gaming. This shop is roomier, airier and more welcoming than Clifton Comics, and Arcadian is on the same block as the Reser bike shop, Newport Pizza, a skate shop and more. Great location all around.Now that Arcadian is up and running, there is nowhere else that I will purchase my comics (and trust me, I've shopped it!). Steve's my guy and Arcadian is my store!
<review# 979,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/31/2011,1/28/2012,82,119,,4,4>This is not your typical Chinese joint...unless your typical Chinese joint has Bruce Lee all over the walls, snarky fortune cookies and a beer list that could embarrass most restaurants no matter the cuisine.We dined in on a Monday close to close, but never felt rushed. We ordered quickly and they actually had an appetizer the husband and I could agree on (he is pro-pot stickers while I'm more of a crab rangoon girl myself.) It was some special that had the word rangoon in it, but it was a dumpling with chicken, scallions, etc...and a delicious chili sauce on top. We didn't spend much time on the menu since we didn't want to be a bother and both ordered their General chicken. It was a little spicy, although next time I might ask for the spice to be kicked up a tad more (I didn't mention it since some of the other reviews state that they take their spice seriously here.) The beer list really was amazing and chock full of craft beer goodness. We did not partake (again trying not to be pests) but I'm really looking forward to our next visit. I plan to spend more time with the menu and the beer list and enjoying the decor. The prices were also very reasonable. We were able to park on the street nearby without much effort. All in all we left pretty impressed after randomly stopping in.
<review# 980,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2011,1/27/2012,58,87,,4,2>I hesitated just a bit as to whether I should review this park. You see, Bellevue Beach Park is a close drive from downtown Cincinnati, and my kids love to play there. Most of all, it's very quiet and quaint. It's really one of my favorite neighborhood parks in the metro area, and quite frankly, I don't want a bunch of you Yelpers ruining my peace!Luckily, I'm not that selfish, so I decided to share.As other people have aptly described it, the Bellevue Beach Park is a real hidden gem. It's tucked on the back residential streets of Bellevue, and if you didn't know it was there, you could easily miss it. The park has all the amenities of a great neighborhood park. Convenient, meter-free street parking is all along Ward Avenue. There is a small playground, basketball courts, and multiple seating areas (a gazebo, benches, picnic tables, etc.). The park also has a short, paved walking trail, ample trees and green space, and a rustic, outdoor theater.For me, the highlight of Bellevue Beach Park is the view. This park sits on the banks directly across from the International Friendship Park, and it has, perhaps, one of the closest, least obstructed river views of any of the park along the Ohio. My kids love how close barges and boats are as they pass. I love looking west at the golden hued I-471 bridge and downtown Cincinnati. Overall, it's very scenic feeling for a city park. I highly recommend coming here for a casual walk, a picnic lunch, to let the kids run off some steam, or just to take in the gorgeous view. Just, you know, not too often...
<review# 981,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2012,1/26/2012,60,99,,2,1>I've been eaten at Gilpin's twice after long nights of hard drinking and neither time was I disappointed. The first time, I had this marvelous Bagel Sandwich that consisted of a Pretzel Bagel, Cheese, Hot Sauce, and Grippos. I wish I would have ordered two. The second time, I had a pizza bagel which was very good, honestly I wished I would have ordered the bagel mentioned above, but I could not find it on the menu and being that I had eye surgery the night before. I thought it best not to strain my eyes. For late night dining, and you're not in the mood for sub-par pizza.... Gilpin's is the place!
<review# 982,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/23/2011,1/24/2012,76,315,6,12,1>My husband and I are going to fight over who gets to write this review because we loved this place so much.  I am going to let him cover the food, which is INCREDIBLE!  I am going to talk about the service and atmosphere.  I was the first of our party to arrive at the restaurant and planned to sit in the bar while waiting for the rest of the party.  I was greeted immediately at the door and was asked if I had a reservation.  I told him I planned to sit at the bar and wait for my party, but needed to go to the restroom first.  He actually led me to the restroom!  Then, as I walked in to the bathroom, he asked me if I would like to order a drink to be waiting for me at the bar when I came out.  Really!  Does service like this exist anywhere!!! Service at this restaurant just got better as the night went on.  I found all of the servers and bartenders to be cute, funny, and friendly.  They were willing to engage in conversation and banter as they served us.  Drinks were always filled and food came out quickly.  We couldn't have been happier.Decor is definitely the low point of this restaurant.  They clearly had completely renovated the bar area with a sleek modern look.  But, the rest of the restaurant all had the essence of the cheap Chinese restaurant it was in the previous life.  Tables and chairs did not match the elevated cost of the food.  This is a restaurant that is trying to be hip and upper-crust, but the decor just didn't match.  It just looks like they ran out of money to pay for tables and renovated bathrooms.  But, that just doesn't matter the moment the food hits your mouth.  Definitely find a time when you want to have a special, and pretty expensive meal, and go to Jimmy G's.
<review# 983,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/2/2011,1/23/2012,53,54,,2,2>I think the most appealing attribute of Sky Galley isn't the food or the service, its the history and the character of this place! It's located just inside Lunken Airport- which I learned upon my visit- used to be the original main airport for Cincinnati! The restaurant looks out on to the runways so you can watch the planes take off and land-which is one of my favorite things to do. Patrons consist of pilots, local business people, senior ladies still sitting around dishing gossip and those who just love to try new places. I'm hooked. I love little mom and pop hidden gems like this. The menu is pretty standard cafe/diner fare. Soups, sandwiches, your daily specials of roast beef and mashed potatoes. There's something healthy if you want it and something for your grandpa and big brother too. I would love to come back over the summer. I'm told the patio is open then and it sits right up on the runway. The bar looks fun too. It was more packed than the restaurant at lunch time. I'd love to go there for happy hour with a few friends. It's always fun trying something new. Parking isn't a problem. The service was great and attentive and my creamy chicken noodle soup was simple but didn't disappoint.
<review# 984,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/20/2011,1/22/2012,189,158,3,5,3>I just realized, just now as I'm writing this review, that I actually haven't tried their pho...and I really like pho.Why, you ask? Why, when their name has "pho" in it? Why, when my neighbor Khoa has told me that this pho is fantastic, second only to his mother's?Well, I'll tell you. One reason is that I have been so satisfied every time I've been there, that I frankly forgot that I hadn't tried it. But the real reason is...the beef Banh Mi. People--this is a sandwich that will change your life. It will revise how you view sandwiches...it's a sandwich by which you will need to judge all future sandwiches. It is absolutely divine.I believe I've only actually eaten there (as in, sat down and dined in) one time, and that was after they first opened and it was a madhouse. I'm not going to say anymore about that experience because I think things are straightened out a bit now. All the other times, I've gotten it to go. But I have seen recently that on Sundays, they are serving siracha bloody marys (which I don't like, but if I did, these sound amazing). They also serve mango mimosas, which are love in a cup. So I'm pretty sure more Pho Lang Thang is in my future!Maybe this time I'll get the pho.
<review# 985,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2011,1/21/2012,21,107,3,2,2>I'm a big fan of the Drinkery. Here, what you see is what you get: no frills, no fancy. It's got cavernous ceilings, which helps it feel open and spacious. There's an outdoor patio space, but I've never used it, as I've only been to the Drinkery in the colder months. My favorite thing about the Drinkery is karaoke. I love me some karaoke. Seriously. LOVE IT. And karaoke at the Drinkery is amazing. The two-room setup is great even for those less in love with the art of public singing. The main bar has a long bar with comfy stools and an extremely friendly bar staff (Jessalynn S. is completely right about that!). The selection is good, and sometimes they have rather clever seasonal mixed drinks, but don't mistake this place for Japp's or Neon's: you come here for the beer, or no-fuss liquor. Nothing fancy! They always have a good selection of Moerlein on tap and cheap Hudy by the bottle. I just wish they had more...or really, ANY beer specials. The other room is very open with little to no seating-- a random couch and chair here or there. But this room is really for standing and watching whatever's happening on the stage. I've never been to the Drinkery when they have a band in, but I bet it's loud and fun. As I say above, I go for the karaoke, and that's when I'm on stage, making a fool of myself and loving every second of it. For those less inclined to stand and listen, there's a pool table in the back of the room as well. Overall, this bar is a great part of OtR. You go to Japps for the cocktails, Neon's for the giant Jenga, Mr. Pitiful's for the live jazz, and the Drinkery for the no-frills beer. Gotta have it all, and this place absolutely delivers.
<review# 986,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2011,1/20/2012,94,140,,2,5>Another great bar in OTR!  Japp's offers uniquely delicious drinks using housemade syrups, etc.  Having visited there a few times already, I have enjoyed each and every drink (and believe me, there were A LOT of drinks).  My favorite aspect of Japp's is that you can walk up to the bar and tell them what you're looking for (liquor type, flavor, etc) and they will make something unique just for you.  Then, as if that isn't great enough, they will often tell you about the history of the drink.  For example, I told Molly that I wanted a "floral-flavored" drink and she made me one of the best cocktails I have ever had.  She then told me about the history of it, which was fascinating to me.  I don't want to mess up the great story, but let's just say that it involved a Mexican bullfighter.  You may have to wait slightly longer for a drink here, but it's worth it.  After all, they are making specialty cocktails and giving each customer a memorable experience.  The cocktails are pricey (approximately $8) but are worth it.  I do wish that they had some less expensive options for us poor graduate school folks.  I am not a coffee drinker but they do offer many coffee-based cocktails, which my friends greatly enjoyed.The first time I visited was before their grand opening and the owners were in attendance.  They showed me what their upcoming plans are with the patio and somehow linking Japp's with Neon's, which is a great idea in my opinion.  The decor is absolutely beautiful!  They have done a great job at restoring the space and making it inviting.  The space is both aesthetically pleasing as well as comfortable.  Now here is something really great...they don't carry Bud Light!!!  Muwhahahaha!  If you've ever seen a blonde girl at Neon's heckling people who order Bud Light (or other similar crap beers), that's me.  Japp's will hopefully encourage people to step out of their comfort zone and try a craft beer or cocktail.  Check out Japp's for some great drinks and a truly unique experience!
<review# 987,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2012,1/19/2012,24,61,,4,2>I have been to Sweet Basil Thai for dinner a couple times, and have also ordered takeout for dinner once. I think the experience is much better when you dine in versus doing takeout. I felt like the portions were smaller for takeout than what you receive at dinner. But even so, when you dine in, the portions are not huge - they are just right. My husband typically gets a rice dish and I usually have chicken broccoli or the vegetable delight with chicken. This last time I had the latter, and my husband had the basil Thai fried rice. Both were so flavorful and delicious! The vegetable delight has a great variety of veggies in it - they don't rely on broccoli for "stock" or anything, and there was a great balance of carrots, broccoli, onion, baby corn, mushrooms, water chestnuts and bamboo. My husband's basil friend rice was amazing - you could really taste the basil and it was seasoned just right.This Thai restaurant measures its spiciness on a scale of 1-10, where one is basically a zero. So if you can handle a little bit of spice, start with a 2 and work your way up.Service is always great, we have never had to wait long for a table and I think the food is reasonably priced for the ingredients, flavor and portion you receive.... with the only exception being takeout where it's just a little bit of a smaller portion.
<review# 988,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2011,1/18/2012,181,524,,3,2>Yum! This might be the most pleasant sushi experience that I've had in Cincinnati so far. Big generous rolls and not terribly expensive. The Red River roll, Bengal roll and the Green River roll were particularly tasty.One of our group also ordered the bi bim bap, which was also good. I was excited to see some Korean food offerings and though they were a little more on the pricey side, not too expensive and definitely worth a try. The service was great and the staff was really friendly. In sum, good stuff, with an added bonus of late night sushi options!
<review# 989,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2011,1/17/2012,129,88,2,3,1>I wasn't too sure what to expect from A Forkable Feast. The store was empty. The portions were small and felt expensive. For what looked like TV dinners, I was hesitant to spend anything more than 10 bucks. So I thought I'd hedge my bets and go with something safe and cheap.I ended up trying the chile marinated pork loin sandwich, which was served with lettuce, tomato, onion, provolone, spicy bbq sauce, and cilantro pesto-mayonnaise on toasted ciabatta. The sandwich was very balanced, and I loved the sauce. The pesto mayo and spicy bbq made for an interesting combination, and there was just the right amount of kick to it. I think this sandwich would work much better as a hot sandwich, but in any case, I was very happy with the sandwich.They also give you a little snack-pack of chex mix that they cooked with brown sugar and butter. As with all things with carbs, sugar, and butter, it was delicious! Alex L. aptly described it as kettle cooked chex mix.Considering the near restaurant prices of forkable feast, I'm not too sure if this will be a staple, but the sandwich was good enough to warrant a second visit. If you're looking to impress a significant other with a "home-cooked" meal, A Forkable Feast may be an excellent, albeit slightly dishonest, option.
<review# 990,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/30/2011,1/16/2012,59,60,,8,4>Nice wine and beer shop in the Mason area.  We stopped by on a Friday after work to kill time (the traffic in this area is a bear) and I was pleasantly surprised!  The craft beer selection is small but impressive, and we built a six pack with some great Founder's beers I haven't tried yet.  Also grabbed a couple of larger bottles of beer that I hadn't seen elsewhere.The wine selection looked impressive, so I'll be sure to check that out sometime when I'm in need of wine.  The clerk mentioned they had some cold beer on tap, wine by the glass, and appetizers-definitely something I'll be checking out some day while waiting for rush hour to end.Friendly staff, great selection-this is a shop I'll definitely head back to.
<review# 991,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2011,1/15/2012,169,140,,4,2>New favorite Indian food! Sorry, Baba India.Not only is the Aloo Choley, Lamb Saag, and Garlic Naan fantastique, but the service was really cool and friendly. I went in early in my errand-running, and there were no customers in the restaurant (it was a bit too early for dinner), but the two waiters sitting in a booth greeted me friendly-like.The woman behind the counter was beautiful inside and out. She asked it was my first time in, and I told her it was and that I'd heard about it on Yelp. She gave me a frequent diner card and two punches in it. When my food to go was in there, she added a rice pudding and told me what it was--I think it was a "welcome and we hope you come back rice pudding." Let me assure you that free doesn't mean throwaway. That was some tasty rice pudding!Anyway, I really like the place. The prices are good, the food is excellent, and the service was so warm and friendly. Forget the strip mall exterior and come for the goodness inside.
<review# 992,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2011,1/14/2012,144,216,,4,2>My friends and I dined here for weekday girls night. Since we're a group of seven we try to pick places that don't mind a group and don't overhead music or tvs because it tends to drown out the conversation.  This place worked well for us. Our server was great, if not a little too leisurely because he thought he might interrupt. They do have outside seating for smaller groups.A few of us had sandwiches while others had pizza (it's a thin crust) and wine. Food and drink-wise there's plenty to read on the menu. Having grown up in Milford it's nice to see the restaurants and shops on Main St in Milford doing well!
<review# 993,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2011,1/13/2012,267,41,2,2,3>Cincinnati Roller Girls is the best deal in town for a reasonably priced night of sports action. Sure it's different than catching the Reds or the Bengals, but it's certainly just as fun and often more competitive. Part of the fun is showing up early and tailgating out in the parking lot. Grilling, cornhole, and drinking is prevalent and encouraged. A good crowd shows up well in advance and it is easy to make friends with the other tailgaters. The Cincinnati Roller Girls will often briefly stop out if you are there early enough, and you are sure to get a visit from the the team mascot, Wooly-Bully. One word of warning on a hot day-there is NO air conditioning  at the Cincinnati Gardens where the bouts happen. So dress for the weather, and stay hydrated. Also, the beer selections at the Garden's are atrocious. There is much better stuff to be had at the tailgate party before a bout.The bouts themselves are usually very competative and a lot of fun to watch. it make take you a couple of bouts before you begin picking up on the rules and scoring, but once you do, it is easy to follow. Seats in the Gardens give you good view of the bouts from almost every vantage point. They get a good crowd of zealous fans there, averaging attendance of about 4,000 a night. Watching these female athletes is amazing fun. Prepare for thrown elbows, cheap shots, bone-crushing hits, names with wild double-entendres and outgoing, outlandish personas to match. Don't let the names and characters fool you-the bouts are all real-nothing is fixed or fake.  It's good old American fun! So bring the whole family! And get them all drunk.
<review# 994,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2011,1/12/2012,42,12,4,5,4>Love, love, love this place. I think my personal visit record was 5 times in one week which included a lunch/dinner day. The fish is great. I make my own fish burrito. Fish, Pinto, Rice, Jack Cheese with Pineapple Salsa and a little of the Hot Sauce.They have a number of salsa options. I find the Mild, Medium, Hot sauces to be a little skewed. The medium doesn't seem very hot, and the Hot is scorching (being Habanero's and all),I also like the Chicken Quesadilla. The corn and green chile salsa works very nicely on it. I tend to go tacos a lot. Once again, fish, pineapple salsa and a splash of the hot sauce.The chips and salsa are addictive. They make a fabulous pair. Not sure I care for the chips or the salsa on their own, but they are like the wonder twins together.Service is great. Max runs a tight ship, and the folks are friendly. They also display local artists on the wall. They also have a Burrito Wagon they break out for special occasions.
<review# 995,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2012,1/11/2012,26,181,2,3,1>My sister had a very small intimate wedding this past October and had initially intended to make her own bouquet.  Knowing how stressful the day before any wedding is with Honeymoon packing, last minute details etc. as my gift to her I offered to pay for all of her flowers.  I called Nina's a month before the wedding and Michael was great.  Her wedding bouquet turned out exactly like the photo I sent him and the flowers he chose for groom, bridesmaid and groomsman were lovely and unique.  I am pretty snooty when it comes to flowers and he did an awesome job.  I thought his prices were fair too, had I gone to a few other more well known wedding florists they probably would have charged me double!  I have included a few photos here of the finished product.  I would definitely not overlook Nina's for your wedding or floral needs.
<review# 996,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2011,1/10/2012,88,93,4,4,4>My dear friend and I have started the indulgent and addicting journey around Cincinnati trying all of the various sushi places ... I'm glad we decided on Aroma yesterday. Located in Kenwood Town Centre next to Nordstrom's, Aroma is a decent sized establishment with contemporary decor, the sushi bar by the front door and the huge bar located in the back.Every day they have Happy Hour from 3-6pm, not only is there half priced beer but the SUSHI is half price. Yay! We decided on five different rolls to share and our waitress, Kelly was fantastic about keeping up with us. From least favorite to favorite ...Alaskan Roll - Crabstick, pineapple, cucumber topped with sweet potato flakes (or coconut flakes if you like). We liked the taste of the pineapple in the roll but at the same time, the roll was too dry and boring for our taste.American Dream - Shrimp tempura topped with BBQ Eel, topped with avocado and eel sauce. Typically I really enjoy eel and avocado rolls and this was good but next to the other three rolls, it was average. :)Crazy Roll - Crab meat, avocado, cucumber, spicy tuna and tempura flakes. It had a drizzle of my favorite spicy mayo on top as well and I very much enjoyed the heat of this roll as well as the crunchy-ness. Deliciousness.Dynamite Roll - Minced tuna, salmon and white fish all rolled up together with spicy sauce. This roll is simple but FAWESOME. The absolute freshness of the fish and its texture and the hot flavor was to DIE for. Nom nom nom.And our FLAVORITE roll ...The Chef's Special - Tempura crab, cucumber, cream cheese topped with tuna (or your choice of salmon or shrimp) and special sauce. This roll was the Bomb dot com. As my friend said it best, "It was the perfect balance of hot and cold, crunchy and soft, and sweet and savory." Absolutely delicious and perfect with the tuna on top.We can't wait to get back there to try more rolls. Their list of sushi isn't that extensive but I would like to try ALL of them. :) Definitely recommend any sushi freaks to try Aroma.
<review# 997,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2011,1/9/2012,185,70,3,4,2>Typically, Vietnamese restaurants do not have good sushi. Or sushi spots do not have good Vietnamese food. For once in this city - this restaurant does a blend of both really well. For only spending $30 - I got two appetizers (seaweed salad and spring rolls - both EXCELLENT) and then (3) sushi rolls. I highly, highly recommend the "Big Mouth" roll. It's mouth-watering amazing. And if you don't like sushi, then get something off their Vietnamese menu like the Pad Thai or Bun. Both great as well. And if you don't like either - don't come here, duh!
<review# 998,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2011,1/8/2012,101,324,2,2,3>I wanted to check this place out.  I have read many good reviews and my expectations were  pretty high because I travel and every place i go I it is either a Diner, Dives and Drive-in, Outrageous Food, Man vs Food or an Anthony Bourdain recommended restaurant.    After stumbling around Eden Park, I decided to open up my phone and look on Yelp to see if I was close to any of my bookmarks and sure enough - I was 10 mins from City View Tavern.City View Tavern is a small bar with a view.    The tavern was not crowded for a Saturday afternoon but it was a good escape from the heat.I ordered a beer and burger.     The burger was really good.   It was not huge or messy.    It was just a well cooked / seasoned burger.   I enjoyed my couple of beers and the burger.    The bartender was nice - I will definitely go back there but it will have to be early because parking is an issue.Enjoy...
<review# 999,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2011,1/7/2012,201,516,1,3,2>Great, great food! I came here with two adventurous coworkers for lunch - they had never really had Mediterranean food, but I have.First of all, I was extremely impressed with the variety on the menu - raw fruit juices, soups, salads, sandwiches (far more than just gyros!), and plenty of full entrees.I ordered the lentil soup and the falafel, hummus, and tabbouleh sandwhich and enjoyed it immensely! The falafel was so flavorful - far more depth than the standard mashed up chick peas. The falafel was green-ish because of the fresh herbs they put in it. So flavorful!My lentil soup was not what I expected (white lentils rather than green/brown, and it was blended rather than whole lentils) but it was incredibly delicious. I could eat bowl after bowl of that soup and call it a day!The waiter told us how they use fresh ingredients, that nothing is frozen and reheated, and the only oil/grease they use in their cooking is olive oil. My open-minded coworkers really enjoyed their meals, too. They said they'd definitely come back... and so will I!The only negative is the atmosphere of the place. The decor is... okay... but what really got me was how quiet it was! We were the first table seated for the lunch "rush" and you could hear a pin drop! No music, no other customers for at least 10 minutes... it was very boring at first. Luckily the food was great!
<review# 1000,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2011,1/6/2012,25,121,4,4,3>As a capstone to my unplanned "day of cheese," which started with a grilled cheese and bier cheese soup at Tom + Chee, I found myself at Keystone with some friends for dinner on their infamous "1/2 price Mac and Cheese" night. I love me some cheese, but if that Mac hadn't been delicious, I could have well been pushed over the edge, especially after my dining companions decided to order some bier cheese as an appetizer.I had no such problem. The mac and cheese at Keystone is so delicious that it wiped all other cheese that day from my palate. The rock-and-roll themed names are pretty adorable, and my "Buffalo Springfield" mac with buffalo chicken was divine.And the price? Let's just say I spent three times as much on two drinks (Crown and Cokes) than I did on my Mac and Cheese. If I'd stuck with Miller Lite and confined my drinking to happy hour, I could have easily gotten out of there for under $10. And that, my friends, is a pretty good bargain.
<review# 1001,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2011,1/5/2012,35,175,2,4,4>Looking forward to hyping this place before it becomes over hyped.But goddamn is it a good burger. May be the best fast food burger I ever had in my life.You see, there are 2 types of burgers. Fast food burgers & restaurant burgers. My whole life I found that a fast food burger can never be as good as a restaurant burger. So as ive gone to places like "All American Burger" in Long Island, I would say "its ok but a burger at a friggin' "Chilis" is still better. "This "Mad Mike's" place- its a fast food burger (they don't have a drive-in but the take out was fast) but it is the closest to a restaurant burger i ever had. They also have enough kooky varieties to make it really feel like you are having an experience by eating there.I am so excited to have this place in the area. I'm going to eat there til im sick of it. You ever been to a restaurant you saw on "The Food Channel" and end up so disappointed? This is the place you wish it was
<review# 1002,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/24/2011,1/4/2012,0,5,,6,3>Me and the family were looking for a "non-traditional" Christmas Eve Dinner.  My wife has eaten lunch there before and was impressed.The service was fantastic.  I personally prefer to patronize a family owned place versus the standard franchise fare that caters quantity.  This place has been open for just about four months and is owned by a couple trying to achieve their "American Dream." You'll need to bypass your insticts to avoid a place that is next to a check cashing joint and liquor store.  Luckilly, their entrance is on the side of the building away from the "tennants"  Trust a Yelp review and give them a shot.The experience is modeled after the Benihanna experience.  The food was very good quality.  The soup is homemade.  The waitress explained exactly how they make it fresh.  Starting with making their own chicken stock.  The salads were fresh and appealing.   There were six in our party including one little one age 7.  Each of us had the shrimp appetizer and some steak or chicken combination.  The Chef paid close attention to our little one and put on a good show for him.  The meal was very delicious.  While the prices are comparable to any other Hibachi style restaurant, I did feel they were about $3 or $4 higher than anything else in the area.  But, in return, the portions were generous.As a life long westsider, I'll tell you that the westside is hungry for some upscale family dining.  Something different than the typical chain restaurant.  Give these guys a shot.  I think they deserve a look.
<review# 1003,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2011,1/3/2012,6,52,,5,1>It's taken me two months to write this review as objectively as possible. I'm sure there are better Japanese restaurants in the world, but there are none better in the Greater Cincinnati area. Had I based the review solely on food this would've been a solid four stars, but the service at Ando gains them the fifth star because they are the nicest people you could meet.I've lunched here on a weekly basis for the past two years, and am pretty sure I've tried everything on the menu except for the shabu-shabu and sukiyaki. My favorites:- Sashimi: always fresh, delicate, melt-in-your-mouth goodness- Una Jyu don: it's BBQ eel, and it's damn good- Maguro don: not on the menu because it's a special. Thin slices of tuna marinated in sake, and served on a bed of rice. Get it if you can.- Black cod: Cod fillet sauteed and served with vegetables. - Curry: I didn't know the Japanese made curry until I came here and saw a Japanese businessman chowing down. It has the best aroma, and fantastic spicy flavor not found in any Thai or Indian curry. Get it either plain over a bed of rice, or toss in tonkatsu (pork cutlet), mince (hamburger rolled in panko and fried), or a potato cake (not a favorite of mine to be honest).My wife just gets the sashimi every time we go. She started with the regular sushi lunch, but  took to leaving the rice part of the nigiri behind so often that the chef decided to change her order one day to the sashimi lunch. She hasn't looked back since. She also won't order anything else, ever. When we try new sushi joints  we have to order the sashimi, and it is always judged harshly to the standard set at Ando's. Only Jo-an is on par.The sushi rolls are very good and quite tasty. There is a good mix of traditional and western, but nothing exotic like  "Double Godzilla" or "Dancing Geisha" rolls. Ando will also make special rolls not on the menu if you like. We had him make a spicy double salmon roll once just for the hell of it. I'm sure if he had the materials on hand, Ando would make a spicy double kobe beef sweetbread roll stuffed into a tempura haggis, but you'll pay market price. BEST. RICE. EVER. Yeah, bet you've never seen that in a review. I don't know how or why, but I can't get enough of their rice. The rice deserves half a star just by itself. Part of the weekly order if a take-away order for plain, white sushi rice with a little bit of wasabi for a co-worker in my wife's office. And finally, dessert. I think there is green tea ice cream and mochi ice cream on the menu. Ignore it. Instead look on the table for a card telling you what the special desserts are that day, and can at times be the best part of the meal. Chiaki's creations are some of the most exciting desserts we've ever tried. I can't adequately describe any of them. There isn't any one style she sticks to. Her desserts run across the gamut of pastries, cakes, puddings, "jello-s", ice creams and torts. Ingredients are very seasonal. The graham cracker crusts are always homemade. The special desserts are also "limited edition" as she makes only a certain number per week, and I can only think of a couple of times I seen a dessert repeated on the menu. So, if you buy a dessert and really, really like it, you'd better buy a second because the chances of ever getting it again are next to nil.That's about it. This will be my only 5-star review in Cincinnati. No one else deserves it more.
<review# 1004,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/13/2011,1/2/2012,129,127,1,3,4>I love this place.  It's a perfect hole-in-the-wall type spot.  Free popcorn, there's a jukebox.  A pitcher of Yuengling is $7.  I think even if it weren't right down the street from my place, I'd find a way to still show up here on a fairly frequent basis.  The people here are different every time I walk in the door.  One day it's a college bar, one day it's full of your average Norwood residence.I have never left this place without making some new friend.  Come on in, maybe you can make a friend too!
<review# 1005,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2011,1/1/2012,84,58,3,3,1>Seriously, this place is not that expensive. It's certainly not cheap, but it was worth every penny I spent.I fully expect that you have to be ready to pay for good food and even ambience. Senate has these qualities in spades. On one hand I felt like I wasn't cool enough to even be eating in this place, but at the same time I felt right at home. It's hip and inviting. The service was excellent. I saw the owner check on us twice while we were waiting for our table. Our waiter was perfect. One of the friendliest experiences I've ever had. Great beer selection and the food was just glorious. Two words: truffle. fries. I got the dog of the day, which happened to be a wonderful dish called the Salmon Hayak. Next time I go I'm getting the poutine I hear so much about. Anyone want to join me? :)
<review# 1006,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2011,12/31/2011,54,44,2,3,3>I'm a big fan of Mai Thai. It is a relatively new restaurant located in a former Long John Silvers, which I find hilarious.  The place is a little bit small and can get pretty packed on the weekends and even on an unusually busy weeknight, but for good reason.  The food is great and the prices are pretty decent too.Their sushi is great, probably not the best in town but definitely a good addition to their menu.  The place is well decorated and really covers up the fact that it was once a fast food mecca of fried fishy goodness.  My favorite things to get here are their curries.  I highly recommend the Mango Curry to anyone, get it a little bit on the spicy side.  The sweet and spicy sauce that comes with it is amazing.  Their mango curry is one of my favorite meals in town.They also make great appetizers, their spring rolls are pretty high quality and they make a great thai salad with carrots, peanuts, ginger and honey dressing.  I often will get the thai salad with a sushi roll and get out of there for 12-15 bucks.  Not bad at all considering the food quality.  Their pad thai is also very good and I recommend it for anyone who just needs a pound of delicious noodles in their face, sometimes I know I do.
<review# 1007,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2011,12/30/2011,14,73,2,3,3>Alright, so...Lime Taqueria. I have some friends who have been devotees since the place opened. And then I read an appetizing write-up in  "Cincinnati Magazine" so I'm thinking Lime is definitely worth a try. And it is. Walking up, Lime is so cheerful and inviting. Their storefront, with its punchy green door and surrounding green space, is eye-catching and welcoming. The space within is minimally furnished and aglow with natural lighting. Moreover, the outdoor seating is tailor-made for afternoons like the one on which we visited. Please note, the door is not the only green thing about Lime. In the courtyard, they're collecting rain water in big blue barrels which they use to irrigate the garden that grows the vegetables for their food.  Believe me, you can taste the freshness in their salsa.Also, the decor wasn't the only inviting element of Lime. The guy who greeted us AND constructed our burritos was friendly and efficient, a one-man Tex-Mex wonder.  For the value, Lime is phenomenal. It's less expensive than Chipotle and WAY tastier. Their salsa was out of this world. It was fresh and spicy and so flavorful. The tomatoes were bright and the jalapenos gave the salsa some zazz without upstaging the other flavors. In addition, the burritos were super tasty. My husband had their special while I tried the BBQ pork. The special was everything a ground beef burrito should be and more. It was savory and supremely satisfying. All in all, I liked the BBQ pork but expected more after reading the description on their offerings board. The ancho-chile sour cream was so abundant that it drowned out the flavors of the pickled onions and pineapple salsa. The pork was nice and tender and the black beans were well-cooked. But, the pineapple salsa wasn't as sweet and the pickled onions weren't as pickled as they could have been. Perhaps it was simply the gratuitous amount of pork, beans and sour cream which were so plentiful that I delighted in the rare sightings of onion. Regretfully, the pineapple salsa was almost nonexistent; so much so that I forgot it was supposed to be present until I remembered to lament its absence. Don't get me wrong, I'm not knocking Lime. Just the opposite, I implore you to give them your business if you're in the area (as opposed to going to some chain). You will receive a FAR superior meal for LESS money and it will be served by friendly locals who truly care whether or not you enjoyed your food.   As for destination dining,  they have some work to do. Whenever I'm in the area though, and I'm craving a burrito (which is, let's face it, like all day, every day), Lime is definitely where you will find me.
<review# 1008,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2011,12/29/2011,6,5,,1,2>Wonderful food made by wonderful people. Great place to have lunch and a bottle of wine.Mostly all vegan and vegetarian options ! Amazing deserts, all made fresh and in house. Always some interesting artwork displayed by local Cincinnati artists. A real gem ,  hidden away in a beer soaked, pizza stained college community.
<review# 1009,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2011,12/28/2011,210,324,,1,1>So my Wife dragged me there... twice.   And in all honesty, she's way better at shopping than I am.  anyways, the owner is super rad, and you really do get great suggestions and customer service.  Everything is very reasonably priced, and there are unique local gifts as well as lots of scrap booking stuff.   Definitely a good place to  check if looking for a gift for a lady.  Sorry dudes, not a whole lot for us, not even a flask.  Still, wife happy, in-laws happy.  4 STARS!!!
<review# 1010,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2011,12/27/2011,112,15,2,2,4>The Southgate House is a living legend, one that is seeing the close of one chapter of its life and the beginning of another. As a place for bands big and small it is a unique three venue bar overlooking the Ohio River and downtown Cincinnati. There is no other place like it in the entire Cincinnati area.For an intimate setting there is the front lounge where there's either singer/songwriter night or bluegrass playing by the bar. Upstairs is the Parlor which is a bigger space for solo or small band shows. Finally there's the ballroom which is a large open space with a second floor balcony. It's rare to not see a night where all three spaces feature some form of original music. This place is literally pumping out great music every night of the week.If you want to go to a place for variety in independent local music, the Southgate House is your choice. If you want to see the next big thing before they get famous, the Southgate House is your choice. Heck, if you want to see a bigger band, they still typically will book the Southgate House.Sadly, the operator of the Southgate House is moving on to a different venue and at the end of 2011, it will close. It's future as a music venue is unknown but what will be remembered are those long nights where you'd leave the place with your clothes smelling of cigarettes and your ears ringing from the volume being cranked from the band you just saw. It's not everyone's cup of tea but if you read this and there's still time,take the time and see what Southgate House is all about before it closes.
<review# 1011,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2011,12/26/2011,26,63,,1,1>I heard about this salon from purchasing a coupon on living social so I read the reviews here and found that the offer is so encouraging to try it. I'm glad I did!Shannon seemed talented and experienced. I showed her a picture of the haircut I wanted to have so she explained to me exactly how short the layers would be just to make sure I'm ok with it and not to be surprised of the result.she was so friendly and professional she took her time and wasn't in a rush as many hairdressers would be. I'm very happy with my haircut. it's exactly as I wanted it.I liked the decor of the salon and it looks like the regular prices are average, but to be honest not sure if I'll be a regular costumer since I know other salons in cinci that do good job with less money and that's why I'm giving it 4 stars.
<review# 1012,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2011,12/25/2011,94,404,3,6,2>We're really rooting for these Ali Baba guys, who opened this little strip-center eatery two or three months back, because the East Side of Cincinnati has forever needed a decent-priced Middle-Eastern/Med place.  But these guys, despite being friendly and hospitable, are not making it all that easy to cheer them on.  Don't get me wrong:  Their food is terrific.  Since that's the great part of Ali Baba, I'll address that first.  For both quality and quantity, this is one of the best deals in the city.  You can get an overflowing pita sandwich--shawarma, gyro, kebab, or felafel--for just six bucks.  You can get a heaping feast of a plate with any one of those proteins, accompanied by tabouli, babaghanouj, hummous, and cucumber-and-tomato salad, along with rice and pita, for just a dollar or two more.  All this simple stuff, for a modest joint like this, is fresh-tasting and delicious.  Felafel, especially, has been top-notch, and grape leaves are great and lemony.  It is a huge bang for the buck.But if you've ever watched that Food Network show "Restaurant: Impossible"--and I'm somewhat embarrassed to admit I have--you know that the musclebound and rather buffoonish Brit, Robert Irvine, "rescues" failing American restaurants by whipping the food, decor, and service into shape, mainly with a lot of yelling and scenery-chewing.  Now, as suggested, Ali Baba doesn't really need any help with its food, but it still could use a visit from Mr. Irvine to whip all the peripherals into shape.  The layout of the counter area, where the orders are taken, is chaotic and confusing.  There's the little food bar with condiment and side items for pita sandwiches, which misleads you to believe when you enter the restaurant that it's cafeteria-style service.  Instead, you order at the cash register and take a seat.  When more than just a handful of people are in the restaurant, the order-taking process is insane:  the proprietors don't take your name or give you an order number.  Instead, they just holler out orders and hope the right person gets it.  When a pita sandwich is ordered, they try to identify the person who ordered it and summon him to the condiment/side-item area, where the orderer selects the items he  wants to accompany his protein or felafel.  When more than a few customers are present, wait times can be daunting.  Our orders have been lost at least once.  The drink station seems to run out of cups and/or ice pretty regularly.   The decor is pretty shabby looking.  I can't really say this is a four-star experience, overall.  At least not yet.  But on potential, it could be even better than that.  Despite the flaws, we've already been a half-dozen times or so, and we intend to keep going back.
<review# 1013,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2011,12/24/2011,52,61,,4,2>My quest for the my next brunch spot continued with Annabel's. All the reviews were amazing and when i finally made it there it did not disappoint.I will start out by saying I had to wait longer there than any of my other brunch spots. I think it's partly a function of their small dining room and the fact that they open at 9 so getting there for brunch means the wait has already been piling up for awhile.But the food was worth the wait! I got the buttermilk pancakes and they probably rank among the best pancakes I have ever had. (Tuckers in OTR also has fab pancakes but completely different). They are served with honeycomb butter and I also got them with blueberries and bananas. They were at once substantial yet melt in your mouth light. It came with 3 big pancakes and sadly for my girlish figure I couldn't stop myself from eating them all.And their coffee is excellent. Very important in a brunch place.I will have to go back for dessert later since the whole time I was sitting there I could see their chocolate torte and lemon meringue pie. It would have been crazy to eat that after the pancakes...or would it?
<review# 1014,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2011,12/23/2011,120,162,,9,6>You gotta go to Velocity Bike & Bean!  You gotta go now!!!!!It doesn't matter how you get there, bike, foot, car, horseback, hang glider, you gotta go there now!!!This is one of the most unique and wholesome coffee houses that I have ever been to.  At Velocity the owners have combined their passion for biking, beans, and interior decorating and turned it into a very unique business.Coffee shop alone, it is pretty standard in regards to the beverages that are served.  However, the pastries are made from a local company in Boone County, and well the service was nothing short of stellar.  In addition if you are looking for some vintage bikes, biking gear, bike repairs, or some neat nick nacks then this is your place.All of these things are great, but the thing that really made me give Velocity that coveted 5th star was its interior.  My Lord, what a beautiful space.  It is something that people wish they could turn rooms in their houses into.  It is something straight out of a catalog.  It is a place that I would love to share coffee with friends and family on any day of the year.  It is comforting and cozy and filled with the nice rustic touches of a log cabin.  In addition there is a fire place and lots of checker and chess boards.  A place that I can easily see myself spending several hours if I didn't check my watch.I know winter is coming and its not too ideal for biking, but Velocity is the perfect place to seek refuge, either in the arms of good company or solace from the outside world, coupled with a nice cup of Joe and delicious pastry.
<review# 1015,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2011,12/22/2011,77,64,,8,2>It's hidden in a bit of a difficult mini-mall type enviroment, but Sakura is the real deal.  With loads and loads of authentic Japanese grocery items in a fairly small space, you might get everything you need to take home and make your own meal.Or, you might walk to the back and order some of the freshest sushi in the tri-state.  I've had this twice now and both times was impressed by the quality, and attention to detail with these sushi dishes.  Perfect for take out and a movie.
<review# 1016,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2011,12/21/2011,47,145,,2,1>I'm not a coffee person, but I really like this place.They have coffee, desserts, and smoothies! I love smoothies, so when my friends order coffee that's what I get. They are freshly made and delicious with whipped cream on the top. Of course, I'm content with pretty much every smoothie I've ever tried so I guess I'm not the best judge.The thing I like best about this place is the atmosphere. I love that it's a Christian establishment. There aren't very many places out  there that have Christian artwork on the walls, and soft contemporary Christian music playing. It's something that someone who loves Christian music like me really respects, but it's quiet enough that it doesn't bother people who don't like it.This is a great place to just hang out, and if I drank coffee... I'd come here a lot.
<review# 1017,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2011,12/20/2011,34,178,1,3,2>We LOVE Jag's. For a special occasion this is the place we head. Special occasions include a few anniversaries and my mom's 70th.The first time I went to Jag's it was not on my dime so naturally I had the Kobe Steak. Ridiculously priced? Perhaps, but goodness gracious it was delicious! Had I paid I would say it was worth every penny. It was even better since it wasn't coming out of my pocket.The first thing I noticed was sides are not a la carte. Yes, that is unusual for a steakhouse. You get veggies and a starch WITH your meal. Feel free to switch it up, too. If you see sides served with another main course they are happy to give you whatever you'd like.I was so impressed after that first visit that Jag's quickly became the place to go for our special occasions. Everyone that has joined us and including the two of us have had nothing but the most excellent and delicious meals. And if it is a special occasion the staff go out of their way to make the evening special.I LOVE the limo service, too. I've used it twice and it's worth every penny. It really isn't expensive and for super special evenings it's the perfect touch.I do tend to get the same main course, but there is one appetizer I can NOT miss - the Kobe Beef Tartar. I just checked the menu to make sure I had the name right and I'm frightened to see the menu entry is now called Raw Minced Filet Mignon + Onion + Seasalt + Parmesan + Cilantro + Truffle Oil + Crostinis. Don't get me wrong, it sounds very familiar, but Kobe could make a huge difference. I'm anxious to get there and find out if it's changed or if it is still Kobe and still as incredible as ever. Oh... ask for extra Crostinis. You'll need them.I've had great steak at lots of places, but Jag's is my top choice in Cincinnati.
<review# 1018,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/22/2011,12/19/2011,27,219,,4,2>I think the thing to bring with you on your visit to Emanu is patience.  They are friendly here, but if you are looking for attentive service that anticipates your needs, you will be very unhappy.  If you just realize that when you want to order, let them know or when you need more water or wine or whatever, you just have to get their attention. They are not rude and they don't ignore you, they are just going to let you be.But that being said... I've never had Ethiopian food before; but if this was any indication of authentic... I have found my new favorite!  We started with the Vegetable Sambussas which were tight little fried pockets of veggies, onions and herbs... my mouth is literally watering just thinking about these... the flavor and the herbs were powerful but not overbearing.  This is totally a finger food place and I love it!We decided to order food family style (totally recommend this) and our food came out on a big dish and served on a piece of the bread "injera."  We ordered the Tesbhi Derho (Doro-Watt) (which was chicken on the bone in a sauce)  it was kinda sweet and kinda spicy all at the same time, I really enjoyed this one alot, especially with the bread.  We also ordered two vegetable dishes the Ades (Misir-Watt) (hands down the table's favorite, lentils and a thick red sauce that was a nice level of spicy.  And the Hiwswas (Beyaynetu) was a nice sampler of everything vegetable.  I particularly enjoyed the collard greens, which was a shock but hey learned something new about myself.Maybe we missed it, but we weren't sure where to park.  We ended up in the 5th3rd across the street, which was closed, so it wasnt too difficult, but I'm not sure where you'd park if you couldn't park there.So my final takeaway from this is I definitely love Ethiopian food and emanu is a great gem that is just a short drive from Hyde Park.  You should pack your patience, 3 really good friends, order a bottle of wine and give your tastebuds a delicious experience.
<review# 1019,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2011,12/18/2011,73,258,3,3,3>This place is incredible. I'm driving with my daughter on Saturday and I see the word "Sandwiches" in a window. I've never heard of the place. I go in with my daughter. The man behind the counter is reading a devotional. I look at the menu. Various sandwiches but my daughter fixates on "Rib Sandwich". We order four of them (two for mother and little sister). The man takes the ribs out adn this is no McRib. This is something special. For one, it's about $7. For another, it's huge. For third, it's smells wonderful. For Fourth, it's tastes perfect. It's not sugary sweet. It's not sticky, sickly sweet. It's just good ribs with a big of flavorful sauce cooked low and slow. Why he calls it a sandwich I have no idea.So I talked to the owner Wayne a little bit. T is his daughter who is serving in the Air Force. He spent a few decades in food service before opening his own place. There's no place to sit. Everything is carry out but his kitchen is open air and spotless. The man is doing things right. Oh, and did I mention that he bakes his own cakes. I bought a slice of chocolate and a slice of Apple Caramel. It's literally, possibly the best cake I've ever had. Flavorful and light and...and...just wonderful.This is a place to support. Go there now. Go there hungry.
<review# 1020,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2011,12/17/2011,172,180,6,5,4>This review begins and ends with STEAK.Big, juicy -- just perfectly cooked man-steak. A He-Man steak fit for a king.Steak so good it makes you want to firebomb a PETA headquarters for blasphemy.I had had a gigantic ribeye that was seared to perfection. It was just smoky enough, just juicy enough and mouth-wateringly good.It didn't end there.In addition to the awesomeness of the steak, you could also get sauce to dip it in. I opted for the Maker's Mark bourbon butter.Now usually of the mind that a steak should stand well enough on its on. It shouldn't need any sort of sauce.I stand corrected. The sauce was just the right amount of sweetness and spice to elicit even more flavor from the steak.The sides and the apps were good too, but really, who cares because we're talking about STEAK.STEAK STEAK STEAK STEAKNot only do I recommend that you eat here -- I demand it!STEAK.
<review# 1021,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2011,12/16/2011,4,16,,2,1>This place is not far from home and I rarely ever think about it.  But I was feeling like getting out of our rut so was looking around for some ideas and this came up!  What a great place!   We went there for a Saturday night dinner date and were not disappointed.    View is an intimate, sophisticated restaurant with a nice fireplace, easy seating and great service.   It seemed to skew a bit on the "older demographic," which is fine with me.    Looking around the room there were people presumably on dates, one somewhat out-of-place large family with kids there and what appeared to be many more "mature" people who probably lived in the building that came downstairs for dinner.   So people were in various stages of casual to dressy but the place reads to me a bit on the dressy side.We didn't really get to enjoy the view that everyone talks about from where we were seated but that didn't matter.   A jazz trio was playing and the ambience was very pleasant.   Hubs had the Angus NY strip steak, which was cooked as requested (he has a lot of trouble with steak preparation in this city...no one can do medium rare) and some the truffled crab macaroni, which was delicious...several types of cheeses and a hint of crab meat, which gave it a nice smoky flavor.  I had the goat cheese ravioli which was stuffed with walnut pesto and rustic tomato sauce and was not disappointed.  You could add chicken or meatballs but I decided that simplicity is sometimes best and made a great decision.  It rocked!  Our server was polite, friendly and attentive without being overly intrusive (just how I like 'em!).   They have a brunch menu which I am looking forward to trying.   View will definitely be added our list of regular spots.
<review# 1022,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2011,12/15/2011,21,56,2,3,5>I attended a Yelp event here on March 9, 2011. Yet again, another place that I give 5 stars to. Here is why. 1) The price for a tour. You can take a family of four on a guided tour for $40! 2) The signs themselves. I realize signs don't typically bring a lot of interest, but if, like me, you are a signage buff, this is where you want to spend an hour or two.3) Very friendly people. The curator, Todd, is a very nice dude. No disrespect meant, but he does remind me of my dad.There's one or two minor things about the place, though, that I must knock. They have 550 signs, and room to only display 200. That means it's too small. But they are planning a move to Camp Washington for 2012, so that should soon be remedied. The second one: It's only open one day a week to the general public, though they also do tours for groups. (I advise calling and setting it up ahead of time.)Overall, a DEFINITE 5 stars. If you're not into signs, or don't much care for museums, this ain't your place. If you're like me, though, you'll find it a win, especially for your ten bucks.
<review# 1023,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2011,12/14/2011,278,854,2,3,2>I went to an event here recently and enjoyed the history, knowledge and enthusiasm that the staff expressed. I got to look through a few telescopes and even saw Saturn and Orion's nebulae. I know hardly anything about astronomy, and the staff were awesome and really helpful. Membership is pretty reasonable if I recall, and there are many free/low cost events. I was really happy to see young kids faces light up after looking through the telescopes and actually get excited by something other than Justin Bieber.
<review# 1024,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2011,12/13/2011,30,68,,5,2>I love tea just as much as others love coffee!  Finally, a place where people don't look at me like I'm crazy when I ask if they have rooibos tea!  I decided to stop in one day while running errands and am so glad I did!  The inside is very tidy and has a neat Asian decor.  When you arrive, they offer you a small tasting of the "tea of the day".  I forget what the tea was, but it was good!  The menu almost reminded me of a wedding invitation and it was a little difficult to flip between all the pages.  When I finally decided what to get, I ordered the half and half option- half salad, half soup.  My salad was the matcha goddess salad and I tried the soup of the day, a vegan tomato soup.  Major points for vegan food- yeah!  The salad was good.  I'm not sure what I was expecting from the dressing, which was a creamy dressing with matcha powder mixed in.  Matcha is a powder made of the entire green tea leaf and is apparently very good for you.  I found the dressing to be a bit odd, but it was still good.  I liked all of the vegetables in the salad.  Yum!  The soup was also very good.  It had a more chunky texture and was pretty spicy to me.  (I will openly admit, I am a wuss when it comes to spiciness.)  For dessert, I ordered a matcha latte with soy milk.  It was so good!  Perfect for the snowy day I was there!  I wish I would have gone a little earlier in the week.  They were advertising a vegan dinner for the next day that sounded heavenly.  It was unfortunately booked, or I so would have been back for it!  I can't wait until my next visit.  Next on my list to try- bubble tea!
<review# 1025,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2011,12/12/2011,150,417,2,3,2>When ever I go to Jungle Jims I feel like I'm on an episode of the Smurfs. As the magic doors open upon my entrance, I can almost audibly hear, "La, la, la, la la, la la...la lalalaaaaaaaaaa......" (Yes, I sang it to myself before I typed it..I'm all about accuracy people!!) I swear that swan is going to fly down to greet me one of these days as that trumpet sounds in the background of this grocery store kingdom.The first time I went was a super epic day already. I was with my babysitter and a carload of kids. Before we left she spoke of this magical place called, "Jungle Jims." We piled into her station wagon, and I got to sit in the VERY BACK. OH yeah! I was stoked, no seat belt for me. Plus I could duck down and hide if people started looking at me a little too strangely in my station wagon cave. We pulled into the parking lot and I saw big plastic giraffes standing in a mystical pool of water. An elephant sprayed a stream of water onto his slick back, and a waterfall cascaded down behind them. Beads of cool water rose into the stagnant air. It was a sweet relief from the dull waves of heat that we'd endured all summer. The doors parted open for us before we got to them and when I saw a glimpse of the inside, I knew my life would be changed forever. Just like when I was a child, Jungle Jim's still holds a special place in my heart. The assortment of products cannot be found anywhere else around here. There aren't many places where you can walk from one end and see the full head of a pig wrapped in plastic, to regular old Wonder bread sitting on it's regular old shelf as if it were at a normal grocery store. You can easily waste a day in this place and come out much poorer than when you went in. They will have something in that store you've never tried.. or even seen in your life. I promise you that. The experience of Jungle Jim's is one you won't soon forget and I bet you'll go back again after you see it once. They even have award winning bathrooms.. I mean how can you make a bathroom in a grocery store..(eww) award winning?? Well, I'm not going to spoil it for you, but they are super cool. I can't possibly tell you all this place has to offer because my review would take up pages and you'd try to sue me for eye strain by the time you were done. So, here's your teaser.. now go check it out for yourself!
<review# 1026,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2011,12/11/2011,105,60,6,6,4>Listen up folks, because I'm only going to say this once: there's more to this park than the gorgeous vista overlooking Cincinnati. I feel that most folks hang out around the pavilion area (Drees is an awesome facility by the way), see the amphitheater, and think that's all there is to the park. If you head west of the main area, past the golf course, and over Sleepy Hollow, you'll find an awesome wooded area, home to some great trails for running and mountain biking. This labor of love was made possible by volunteers from all over the area, and it's paid off. I used to go to California Woods or Tower Park to get my trail runs in, but with Devou right down the street, I love this option.Devou Park is great for:* Runners* MTBers* Golfers* Families* Couples (keep the PDA to a minimum, thank you)Devou Park is not great for:* Folks allergic to the outdoors* People who don't appreciate nature
<review# 1027,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/30/2011,12/10/2011,69,143,3,3,3>My friends and I stumbled upon Nectar because we were looking forward to Annabel's, which is right next door. Unfortunately, Annabel's had a 1-hour wait on Sunday morning, and we were starving/hung over so we tried to come up with other options. After reading Nectar's menu posted in the window, the brunch options looked pretty good, especially the Chorizo Scramble and sesame French toast. Their 10-minute wait (which ended up being more like 20, but still better than an hour) was also a plus.There were a few things I liked - the cute, dimly lit interior; friendly waitress; and good coffee. There was only one chef working in the kitchen, so we ended up waiting almost an hour in total for our food anyway. The French toast was thick and moist, though I didn't love the sesame bread crust. Even though it was good and I was starving, I remember thinking that it wasn't the best I'd ever had. The Chorizo Scramble, though, was a major disappointment. Chorizo is supposed to be flavorful, fatty, and spicy, and the pieces of "meat" resembling pencil erasers in taste and texture just didn't do it for me. The salsa and unremarkable scrambled eggs tasted ok to gross at times. I always, ALWAYS finish my food, but I just couldn't this time. On a positive note, the breakfast potatoes were cooked to perfection, and the fresh fruit that came with it was...well, fresh. I think the food is ok here, but it may be a bit overhyped because I wouldn't choose to wait an hour for it again.
<review# 1028,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/21/2011,12/9/2011,1176,558,2,3,2>Just when I thought I couldn't love MOTR anymore, I find out they have a little patio out back! I don't know about you, but any place that has a patio is instantly upped one star. The great thing about MOTR is you stop in for a beer and end up staying most of the night! They have such a wide variety of music and it is always entertaining. For some reason I am always surprised when I go to MOTR, I keep forgetting how awesome it is. Probably because it is such a humble little bar and doesn't scream, "5 dollar buckets!!" like some of those other annoying places. But if you are looking for a good time in OTR this is the place for you.I have not tried the food yet, but I will report back! I heard it is pretty scrumptious :)
<review# 1029,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2011,12/8/2011,155,10,9,3,3>Many a night I tossed and turned in bed, dreaming of the day I would once again meet a sandwich similar to the burger I ate in Portland - the Voodoo Burger, a cheeseburger decadently sandwiched between a split Voodoo Donut. But hark! Tom+Chee, the Patron Saint of Comfort Food, heard my plea and created the "Glazed Donut" bread option. And it was good. To skeptics who raise an eyebrow at the unconventional pairing of donut and grilled cheese, I say this: suck it. This is the R. Kelly of sandwiches ("The Greatest", for non-R. Kelly aficionados) and I'm not going to let your judgment or my dignity stand in my way. The grilled cheese doughnut is the perfect combination of sweet and salty, with just a touch of diabetes. And for those who really want to up the ante/cholesterol, you can choose to stuff that puppy with Grippo's potato chips. Did I say potato chips? Oh yes. Yes I did. One bite and the only question still lingering in your mind will be "Grilled Cheese Doughnut: Great sandwich, or greatest sandwich?"
<review# 1030,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2011,12/7/2011,52,101,2,4,2>Like most Cincinnatians, my favorite place to hang out, shop, and eat is Surrey Square in Norwood. I am, of course, kidding since the last time I was in the area I felt like I was hanging out in Vice City. Sorry Norwood, I hate to hate and I love what you've done with Rookwood but I'm afraid this strip of Montgomery is doomed for life.Fortunately, approximately a half mile south of the square is a true diamond in the rough. A place where burgers are the size and shape of racquetballs and the mac and cheese is king. I am talking about Gordo's Pub & Grill and in the search for the best burger in Cincinnati this place is easily top five.Gordo's makes Wendy's look like his mistress and Burger King look like his bitch. Seriously, they take the concept of the hamburger to a whole other level. My favorite is easily the Gordo which is topped with roasted poblanos, mushrooms, onions, smoked bacon, boursin cheese and mayonnaise. This burger isn't just good, it's last meal good! They also have a long list of other dank burgers to choose from as well. For those feeling audacious, they offer some rendition of a chocolate burger and also a burger with peanut butter, banana, and jam. The point being, if you're looking for a gourmet burger that makes Rally's look like prison food, then this is your place.Also of interest, they have a full bar with ample beers on tap, they are open fairly late and they also have good hamburgers (last meal good, that is).
<review# 1031,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2011,12/6/2011,38,150,2,2,2>I reccomend Acme to anyone looking to get a piercing. I have been going there to get piercings done since high school and would never go anywhere else. The staff is friendly and professional. The shop is incredbily clean, they show you how each tool has been santized before piercing you. The piercing rooms are private which is nice because some people don't want to be watched while getting pierced. Acme also has a large selection of jewelry and a wide range of sizes. The last time I was there I was with my 53 yr old mother getting gauges for her ears (don't ask). The staff was awesome, they were super nice and patient as they helped my mom figure out which gauges would look best. If you are looking to get anything pierced, definitely go here. They are the best in the city.
<review# 1032,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2011,12/5/2011,11,87,,3,2>Returned to Abigail Street and was really impressed with the food. The octopus was truly outstanding. Featured different flavors than I'm used to for octopus, but they all meshed nicely and the octopus was grilled to perfection. A+I'd read several glowing reviews about the gambas so I had high expectations. The preparation was great, but I felt the shrimp themselves could have been marinated more to better infuse the flavors maybe? A-The grapeleaves were fine, nothing extraordinary but tasty. Finally, the kefta was amazing. Pretty rich and filling, but in all the right ways. And topped with an egg, which only makes a delicious dish deliciouser. A+Wine was good (ordered from the menu this time), and service was great. People have bellyached about the portion size and prices, but I found them quite in line with tapas places you'll visit in Chicago or New York. All in all a fabulous experience.
<review# 1033,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2011,12/4/2011,177,23,3,2,2>Pickles!Pickles abound at Maury's. They will bring you bowl after bowl of pickles until you feel yourself pickled.And then there are are the martinis, which will pickle you in a different way.I've been going to Maury's since I was a tyke. I grew up on the Westside, and you cannot miss the martini-toasting, dancing bull that is their sign. When I was a child, I wanted to go there just for the sign, and from the portraits of bulls that adorn their walls. But now I go to Maury's for the food and libations.Here's the dilly: the sandwiches are excellent & named after local high schools. The steaks are huge, well-cooked and tender. The salads are made with shredded lettuce. The beer is cheap and plentiful & since the new ownership, the beer selection is fantastic.One of the running gags in Cincinnati is that no one goes to the Westside to dine, because there isn't anything good to eat on the Westside.Buck popular perception and get yourself to Maury's. Grab the bull by the horns.
<review# 1034,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/25/2011,12/3/2011,211,416,,4,4>Hey, look at me, everybody!  I finally made it out to 20 Brix!I appreciate places like 20 Brix.  Seasonal ingredients, many wines by the glass, adorable area of town, homemade bread, a great menu, really unique and delicious sounding specials...  There were a few things I didn't appreciate so much.  Our two-top was way tiny and I kept kicking my husband throughout the meal and trying to juggle glasses and plates.  The service was quite slow - a caveat that I'm more likely to put up with for really great, freshly prepared food.The starters were generously sized and I actually had two of those as my meal (you can totally skip the fritto misto though, it wasn't too impressive). The rest of the items we tried were on point.  I delighted in Spring ingredients such as foraged mushrooms, pea tendrils, asparagus and spring peas.Nonetheless, 20 Brix is a place I would whole-heartedly recommend.  There are even plenty of vegetarian/pescetarian options.
<review# 1035,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2011,12/2/2011,143,423,2,3,3>Walking into Bella on the Avenue feels just like you're walking into a high end boutique where the prices will give you sticker shock. You might still get shocked by how reasonably priced everything is. I love this consignment shop because the owner so obviously cares about the details. The store is laid out with wide aisles, creative merchandizing, and spacious and well-lit dressing rooms. Clothes and accessories are like-new (many still with original price tags) and include brands such as Bebe, Marc Jacobs, Ann Taylor, Coach, B. Markowsky, and many more. The service is what really sets this place apart not only from other consignment shops but from other fashion retailers. The owner assists with setting up your dressing room, finding other sizes, and putting together ensambles as if you were a celebrity client. I can't say enough about the awesome experiences I've had here.
<review# 1036,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2011,12/1/2011,39,54,4,3,3>Hey there, Hipsters and Young Professionals. Let's talk serious for a second. Do you like sticking it to the corporate megachains like Wal Mart and--well, mostly just Wal Mart? Does the idea of getting great food and supporting local vendors simultaneously appeal to you? Do you like to sit down and eat unusual fare like Belgian waffles and pho? Of course you do. You're Hipsters and Young Professionals.Findlay Market is a collection of farmer's markets, stalls, and shops, all locally run, all amazing. Pretty much anything you want in the way of groceries you can find here--fresh bread, seafood, exotic spices, even a sausage made from buffalo chicken, celery, and blue cheese (!). It's organized around a central indoor hallway, and in the warmer months a second pavillion-style area hosts a handful of spare tables with everything from apple cider to blueberry-infused cheese. Some vendors even offer non-food products like soap, incense, and various crafts, but these in particular you're likely to find closer to spring and summer. A row of shops and restaurants faces the main building, and I recommend sticking to that little strip if you plan on eating there, because Findlay Market proper can be a bit of a madhouse on a busy day. It's loud, crowded, bazaar-like. Great for the shopping experience, terrible if you're sitting down to a meal.Also be prepared to spend a little extra for the boost in quality. It's not terribly expensive, but it's no Wal Mart (what is?), or even Kroger. What makes the place unique is its atmosphere. It's not just a grocery store; you can make a day of it here. I'd even recommend it for a more casual date, depending on how much of a foodie your companion might be. It's certainly one of the more interesting attractions that Cincinnati has to offer, though it often goes overlooked. If you're even a little bit conveniently located, you can easily do the vast majority of your shopping there, and I would very much suggest doing so. The food is top-notch, the prices are reasonable if not unbeatable, and, perhaps most important, you can always leave guilt-free.
<review# 1037,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2011,11/30/2011,6,116,,2,1>Great food, organized chaos and slutty waitresses! My boyfriend and I just dinned here this evening. I was really looking forward to enjoying a meal from this authentic family owned business and enjoyed I did!Okay so let me get the negative out of the way; when we were dinning this evening the waitresses we decided were dressed a little too slutty for working at a family owned authentic Italian restaurant. They had on super short shorts, one of them wore a t-shirt that was slit up the sides and tied back together, the other waitress had a chest piece tattoo that was showing. I may sound critical but come on clean it up a little there are families dinning in here not mass amounts of men trying to pick up chicks! Another thing I noticed was that the waitresses were not very attentive to their customers and I noticed that they were constantly bitching and stressing out about a party of 20 people that they had to service... do your job and stop bitching!!! The atmosphere here was very welcoming. The restaurant felt very lived in or dinned in should I say which gives it nice character. Checkered table clothes and tea lit candles on every table gave a nice cozy feel. There was a guy working there that brought our meals out to us and he was very friendly and helpful to us... thank heavens!! I ordered a standard dish of spaghetti and meatballs and my boyfriend ordered the eggplant Parmesan both were very good. The eggplant was done perfectly and the spaghetti and meatballs was very much so above average! The salad was very standard but very good and the bread was just okay. I would have enjoyed warm bread with olive oil and spices more than cold Italian bread and butter. Overall I really enjoyed my dinner and the atmosphere was very cozy.
<review# 1038,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2011,11/29/2011,20,109,4,5,3>We went out for a meal with some friends of friends last weekend - people we had never met before - and the discussion got around to Bourbon. How nice it is, how the world seems a better place with it around, how it's color and aroma is intoxicating and... how long will it damn well be before our server brings us another one?In the course of this lively chat one of our new friends mentioned DEPS and their taking over of the old Liquor Direct store in Fort Thomas. The reason they mentioned this was that they "do very good prices on their bottles of bourbon".Sadly, the wife and I had an entire night's sleep to endure before we could go there the following morning.Our new - alcohol-inducted - chums were completely right! M'lud, I offer up this 750ml bottle of Woodford Reserve at approx $4 cheaper than Party Source as evidence.In fact, other spirits seemed equally keenly priced and we may just have to go there again.And again wonder just how the place is surviving when located in such a crappy-hard-to-get-to-hidden-away-behind-the-­Dodge-dealership-poorly-designed strip mall. Where businesses look like they come to die... which is convenient given that a hillside cemetery can be viewed just cross the street.
<review# 1039,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/23/2010,11/28/2011,16,42,,9,2>I lived in Europe for a number of years and Lazlo's authentically captures the rich and hearty flavors of eastern Europe perfectly. While the service for a larger party may seems a little slower, the food is always great, so my guess is that they just take the time to ensure the quality of the meals. For a couple, the service seems really fast for the large meals. My favorite is the Sauerbraten. Nice. Sweet and sour marinated beef, served with a potato pancake, red cabbage, and Spatzle noodles. Huge portions, low prices, and gourmet tastes!
<review# 1040,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2011,11/27/2011,133,190,,4,1>I'm updating this review.  This place, while known for brick oven pizza, has one of the top 5 burgers in Cincinnati.  It's perfect, it's delicious, it's bacon-y.  Seriously.  The atmosphere here is pretty neat. There is a giant fire blazing in the kitchen that you can see from pretty much anywhere you sit.  There are large tables in the middle for big parties, or quaint booths for couples.  But, forget all that....Eat "The Works Burger"  It's juicy, delicious and everything that you'll ever want a burger to be.  Trust me, I know a good burger, and THIS ONE IS TREMENDOUS! EAT IT!...and, according to my wife, the buffalo chicken pizza is also pretty good.  You'll have to read a review from her on that thought!
<review# 1041,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2011,11/26/2011,38,153,,7,3>I've been going to Stamms for years, located next to an Ameristop that looks like it hasn't changed since 1982.  It hasn't.   Looking at the store fronts in this little strip mall, you might drive away.  But don't--What you'll get?  Expertly cut meats, special orders, catering options and plenty of banter between old Mr. Stamm and his co-workers.  On any given day, I can walk into Stamms and get a wide variety of meats, including bacon, roasting chickens, steaks of all cuts, prepared bbq and countless other homemade deli sides.   They will happily grind pork if there isn't any in the case.I've ordered Christmas and Easter hams from them and they are always more reasonable, and far better quality than anything you could get at Kroger.   And, I'm keepin' it local, which is really important to me.  Support your local butcher!
<review# 1042,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2011,11/25/2011,79,1047,,14,4>Did you know Cincinnati has a subway system?  Below the bustling street of Central Parkway lies our city's darkest secret: 2.2 miles of abandoned tunnels. Each year, Heritage Programs takes 250 people on an underground walking tour through the old subway system.Built in 1916, the rapid transit system was to reduce congestion in the Downtown area. It was also purposed to rehabilitate the right-of-way which was once the Erie Canal. The canal originally transported goods from Toledo and fell into disuse in the late 1800s. It became a cesspool and a health hazard for citizens. The subway was intended to resolve both the canal and heavy traffic problems.Six miles of the subway was eventually constructed on what was planned to be a 16-mile loop. The route would run underneath Central Parkway, with the first station located at Race Street. Additional stations were constructed at the intersections of Liberty Street, Brighton Place, Marshall Street, Ludlow Avenue, and Clifton Avenue. The first three stations were underground, and the latter were above ground. Ultimately, the subway construction stopped in 1928 due to inflation from World War I and a new political party taking office in Cincinnati that opposed rapid transit.Of the six stations, only the three underground locations remain intact. The above ground stations were demolished in the 1960s when I-75 was built.Heritage Programs takes five groups of 50 guests into the subway annually. This takes place on the first weekend in May, with ticket reservations beginning in January. The tour usually sells out within 24 hours, so it's essential to grab tickets early.Upon arrival, guests will listen to an hour-long photographic presentation by John Luginbill, an engineer for the Cincinnati Dept. of Transportation. He discusses the history of the subway and shows old photographs of the construction. Next, the group meets with their docent who takes them outside and into the tunnel. I was in Janice's group; she was amazing!The tour travels from the Race Street Station westward to the Plum Street bend in Central Parkway. Everyone is required to bring a flashlight and wear goulashes, as the subway is muddy with the occasional large puddle. Janice mentioned an area she deemed "Lake Cincinnati", which was an ankle-deep area of water we had to walk through. I came prepared and stayed dry. Inside the subway, you can see all the different types of architecture, such as how wooden forms were used to pour the concrete, and holes cut into the walls for workmen to jump into to avoid an oncoming train. Speaking of trains, no cars or tracks were ever installed in the subway. It's just the basic concrete structure with stringers (railroad ties) marking where the rails were to be laid. The stations also had platforms built with grand staircases. Janice also pointed out the stalactites that formed on the ceiling due to dripping water, and the 52-inch water main that has been installed in the southbound tunnel. My favorite part of the tour was when everyone turned off their flashlights and stood in complete silence (and darkness) in the tunnel. Although a bustling Central Parkway was right above us, I didn't hear a thing. It showed how exemplary the engineering for the subway was, especially for 100 years ago.This was my third year attending the Subway Talk & Walk. Each time I learn or see something new. This year, a maintenance crew had installed a wooden bridge over the watermain. We were able to walk onto it and see where one of the tunnels branches off in a "Y" formation towards Fountain Square. (Ironically, this branch is right below the YMCA Central Parkway.) Having the heightened view of the tunnels was a fascinating experience.If you love urban exploration, you need to take a subway tour with Heritage Programs. Tickets sell out quick, and there is usually a waiting list. (It's harder to get in than the Oprah show!) Cost:  $50 museum members, $55 non-members. Bring some cash with you; they have subway merchandise for sale after the tour. (thecincinnatisubway.com/)
<review# 1043,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2011,11/24/2011,60,98,11,6,8>While I am still a bit in pain from the blisters I received from my soggy shoes, I would still walk the half-marathon again, maybe not tomorrow, or a month from now, but next year, when the painful memories have subsided and I am left with the pride of having accomplished something I never thought I could do.Some of the highlights of the race from May 1st, 2011 for me were as follows, and are in no particular order:1. Watching a bird attack a squirrel 2. The mile-marker greeters with their cheers, signs, and overall encouragement.3. Learning that for once, something did not need more cowbell, as pretty much every mile-marker had folks ringing cowbells.4. The kind ladies walking past me who offered me a Clif bar and words of encouragement when I confessed I wasn't sure I would make it.5. The kind ladies after that who offered me gummis and electrolyte gum and more nice words of encouragement. 6. Watching the  marathon runners cross the finish line as I hobbled towards the half-marathon finish line, as folks on the sideline cheered me on.7. Elvis sighting8. Spiderman sighting9. The feel of the rain as it sprinkled in the early stages of the race.10. awesome swag, including a race tee, a backpack, a poster, and other freebies.and...Turning this review up to 11. getting to do crime right in front of the law: completely permissible jaywalking and littering!The kindness of my fellow walkers really impressed me, the way complete strangers looked out for me since I had told my friends ahead of time not to worry about my slipping behind them as I was certain I would. As it turns out, our fellow participants had my back, and I am so grateful for the help and encouragement I received from people I have never met before, and will probably never see again. So while I'm proud of me for finishing, I'm proud of my fellow walkers for looking out for each other, because honestly, I was not going to make it without that extra help.I am not even going to lie, I noshed the free Ho-hos they had at the end of a race like I'd been at fat camp for a month, and it was glorious. Maybe next year, I'll even get my butt in better shape and actually run the half-marathon, or at the very least, improve my time considerably.
<review# 1044,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2011,11/23/2011,9,159,,2,3>What's not like? Beautiful decor, Good happy hour prices, nice staff And right downtown.My favorite stop on a weekend in Cincinnati is The Netherland Hilton And The Palm Court is the topper.The Art Deco architecture is simply spectacular. I always expect to see Humphrey Bogart and Sydney Greestreet huddled in a corner discussing the "Letters of Transit" from the movie Casablanca.Definitely a must see even if you don't get a drink
<review# 1045,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2011,11/22/2011,52,111,2,5,3>When I want to go bowling., this is the kind of place I like to come to... I don't know, I'm just not into all of the upscale new fancy bowling alley..give me a $2 miller lite in a can in a basket of fries while I'm bowling. That being said, the lanes are kept in excellent condition, and it's an overall fun place to spend an evening. Also the elderly bartender is hysterical...go in there just to have a conversation with her!
<review# 1046,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2011,11/21/2011,28,8,,2,1>Our first visit to Virgil's was a lovely experience. We were happily greeted, and seated within minutes thanks to our reservation. The host and hostess were very friendly. We were seated close to the kitchen and bar, so it was a bit busy. But, I personally love watching the organized chaos of a restaurant on a busy night. Our waiter was very attentive, as well as the gentleman helping/bussing. We received recommendations on our dinner choices and ordered the jalapeño corn fritters as an appetizer. We could have eaten 4 plates, those suckers were super yummy! My husband ordered the Kentucky Hot Brown and I chose the gnocchi. After a minimal wait, our food arrived hot and well plated. I must say I was extremely impressed with my dish, the gnocchi were light and fluffy, and the fried egg on top was a stroke of genius. The hubs would have preferred a bit more sauce on his hot brown, but he was pleased regardless. We will definitely be back, this is a wonderful restaurant with great service and amazing food!
<review# 1047,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2011,11/20/2011,130,38,,10,1>a friend brought me to sushi monk last week. If I had to sum up my experience in one sentence it would be as followed:"This is how sushi restaurants should be" Calvin, the Owner/Sushi chef, has a great passion for sushi and for people which is evident in your dining experience.Lets start with the basics. Sushi monk is a small sushi bar in west chester right off 747. I missed it the first time because its hidden in what looks like a gas-station parking lot. they are opened till 10 or 11 on most nights, but Calvin tends to let the night end when it ends. No need to dress up, you will see people off all walks at sushi monk.  The atmosphere is different. there is techno/electronic style music playing in the background, buts its not too loud to hold a conversation. Calvin calls the place "free style" dining, so many of the regulars chose to byob, even though they do sell traditional Japanese beers and saki. Now, to the sushi. The essence of Sushi monks sushi, is in the layering of flavors and textures. If you look at any picture posted of their sushi, you will notice that each roll is elaborate and each layer is put there with purpose. They have your standard rolls (spicy tuna, eel, etc) but they also have some amazing house rolls. Try the Red Dragon roll or the Authority roll. I like to tell Calvin what I like and let him cook for me. If you go this route, you will not be disappointed. Pricing is pretty standard for sushi in this area, a basic roll is around 6-7 bucks, a house roll is in the 8-12 dollar area. Besides sushi, they have many traditional Japanese foods like Korokke and yako-saba.I plan on becoming a regular at sushi monk, and i would recommend you check them out soon.
<review# 1048,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2011,11/19/2011,48,45,1,5,4>So still being relatively new to most of the "cool" things in Cincy--I've only lived here for 5 years, and most of that was spent in West Chester, I'm experiencing a lot of things from a fresh perspective.  And I like it.  I found myself at Below Zero Lounge the other night, for only the second time.  I was informed by my girlfriend--who is a Cincy lifer--that Below Zero is known for two things:  1) the 100 different types of vodka they store in a special cooler and 2) a great gay bar.The gay bar I figured out pretty quickly.  Listen, when you've been a professional actor for over 15 years and you walk into a place that has big screens full of Lady Gaga and Beyonce, then walk upstairs and see every different version of the movie posters from Dreamgirls, it does not take you long to figure out what type of place you have entered.So if you are a guy/girl looking for a one-night heterosexual pick-up, this is not the place for you.  Also, if you are someone with serious homophobic tendencies, you need not apply either.  But if you are someone that likes to relax and enjoy good drinks in an environment where you can actually hear those you are speaking with, this is the place for you.The best thing I like about Below Zero is the service.  I opened up a tab and ordered my Moerlein OTR.  Every time I went for another round, the bartender not only recognized me, but most of the time had the drink already pouring before I even had to ask.  For a minute I started to feel like Norm from Cheers!That's what good bar service is supposed to be.  Oh, and I was there for a special event.  So it wasn't like it was deserted in the joint.  There was quite a crowd, and yet my server still managed to make me feel like a regular.Let's face it.  We all want to feel that little bit special when we are out for the evening, right?
<review# 1049,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2011,11/18/2011,82,119,,4,2>Last night I decided I wanted to give this place a try and not even my car stalling out (alternator went out - boo!) was going to stop me. After the husband and the tow truck guy left, I was stuck outside with lots of time to look over the menu taped on the window. This place is pretty unassuming, located in the strip mall that houses the Aveda Fredric's Institute and Naked Pizza. Once inside this looks like a pretty non-descript Chinese joint. We placed our take-out order with a gentlemen who was friendly if not chatty. The wait wasn't too long and out we were to go sooth our car stresses with some noodles. The cream cheese puffs are tasty as is the Beef Ho Fun. The husband went with his standbys of General Tso's Chicken and dumplings. I felt the General Tso's Chicken was definitely better than average and the sauce was richer than usual. All in all we were pretty pleased with our Yat Ka Mein introduction. I think I will explore the menu more next time but I can guess what my husband's order will be.
<review# 1050,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2011,11/17/2011,76,315,2,6,3>I attended Yelp's preview at the Falcon of Debbie Does Dallas (highly recommend!)  I love these small intimate theaters.  There is nothing I loath more than the Aronoff.  Tiny seats, no leg room, and you are so far away from the stage that the people look like ants.  I would much rather go to a theater where I can see the actors and stretch out.  Also, how about the added benefit of supporting community theater projects.I have seen 2 productions at the Falcon and both have been top notch.  Another thing I love about the Falcon is that you can buy candy and beverages and take them in with you during the show.  While other theaters are worried you will ruin their upholstery, the Falcon doesn't have nice upholstery to worry about.  I will say that the seats are uncomfortable, but what theater doesn't have uncomfortable seating.One hint... If the bank across the street is closed, you can  park there for free.Support you local community theater, go see Debbie Does Dallas... or any other production at the Falcon.
<review# 1051,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2011,11/16/2011,58,87,,2,2>Areti's is one of my favorite spots at Findlay Market. I had a gyro for lunch yesterday and realized that I had never taken the time to review them. I knew that needed to be fixed ASAP!I admittedly have never had anything else on their menu. The gyros are huge, so I rarely have room for anything else. A pita is dolloped with tzatziki sauce, topped with tomatoes and onions, and then a giant mound of meat is added. For me, the meat is the highlight. Cooked traditionally on those cool rotating spindles, it is moist on the inside and has a great crisp outside. I'm not a gyro connoisseur, but these are the best I've had.At just under $5, the price is also incredibly reasonable. I always eye the baklava, and I suppose I need to try that soon. Until then, I'll happily survive on gyros.
<review# 1052,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2011,11/15/2011,24,139,,4,5>I cannot begin to explain how excited I was when I heard the news that there was a record store in Cincinnati that had somehow slipped under my radar. So excited, that I am ashamed of how long it took me to actually get down to Another Part of the Forest and check it out for myself, a shame that was only compounded after I completed what was truly a good record store outing.Although Another Part of the Forest is located directly on Main Street, it can still be very easy to miss during the day time (at night you have the luxury of being able to see the records through the window), so for any future visitors just look for Iris Book Cafe and it is literally directly next door to that. Once I made it inside the store, I was immediately struck by two things, how cramped it was and how friendly the owner was.As I mentioned, the place is very cramped due to the immense amount of vinyl stuffed into this small space. Although the selection was pretty good, I have to admit that the physical quality of the records here are not as high as they would be if you found them at Shake It or Everybody's. However, the prices very reflect what it is you are buying and what condition it is in. What really made this a four star review for me and not a three star however, was the friendliness of the owner. I didn't catch his name but he greeted us with a smile and a hello as soon as we walked in the door and you could tell he was genuinely excited we were showing interest in his shop. On top of this, I had about $20 work of records I had picked out and he knowingly sold them to me for only $15. I have NEVER had anyone at any record store knowingly sell me something for less than what I was willing to pay.I hope that the friendliness and devotion shown by this man and Another Part of the Forest allow this store to thrive in what is becoming one of my favorite Cincinnati neighborhoods for years to come.
<review# 1053,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2010,11/13/2011,189,158,2,2,3>I'm updating, because I've now had about 170 waffles, and they have all been spectacular. When they are right out of the waffle iron thing--they transcend time and space. I'm hovering between 4-5 stars, because as far as waffles go--they are 5 stars--"as good as it gets". You seriously can't ever get a better waffle, period. But I can't give a perfect score because they are too expensive for me to have very often...and I still don't love the crepes. Maybe it's the buckwheat. It's probably that I'm not European enough, and I'm working on it. You can take the girl out of Alabama, but you can't take the Alabama out of the girl.I recently discovered that they have pizza too...and for $3 (ish--I can't remember exactly) it makes a great lunch, and it's something my pocketbook can be proud of. I'm not saying it's nutritious, I'm just saying on a cold day, a large slice of melted cheese on bread (sometime accompanied by a few pepperoni) hits the spot. They have cookies too and who knows what they will bust out with next!One more comment: I really love this place because they are really committed to my community. Not only are they at Findlay Market (bonus points), I see them at so many events, handing out waffles, being a part of different community endeavors--and I love that.So much, in fact, that I might give the crepes another shot. And I'll definitely have another waffle!
<review# 1054,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/20/2011,11/12/2011,40,13,2,4,1>Sushi buffet lunch session for 9.95? Yes please!!No, it's not the best sushi you'll ever have. No, it's not super fresh. No, it's not authentic. But so frickin what? This place disregards all that with their convenient price & abundant variety!From edamame, seaweed salad, sashimi, nigiri, maki, inari, tataki, yakitori, etc etc etc... You name it, they have it. I can't even keep track of the rolls they have because there's just so many! But guaranteed there's more then 20 types of rolls. I especially loved that last time I was there, they had ikura nigiri - my favorite. And if you feel like switching it up and feel like getting a plate of Chinese food, that's there for you too. If you're not too picky & want to try a little bit of everything, this place is a must visit.
<review# 1055,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2011,11/11/2011,21,165,,4,2>I don't have a really long winded review, but more of a suggestion:Find the bartender with the beard (I should have gotten his name) and ask him to make you a TurquoiseJeep.  It is quite easily the best cocktail I've ever had in my life.  The depth of flavors, the balance, it was the perfect libation.  This is a recipe of his own creation, so the other bartenders probably won't have the recipe.  If/when I go back for this beverage, I'll make sure to get his name and update this review.  THAT'S some good Turquoise Jeep!
<review# 1056,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2011,11/10/2011,35,27,,3,2>I can't believe I just found out about this wonderful gem!  I googled 'tea', looking for something up in Covington, but Yesterday's Cafe and Tea Room is worth the drive.  You MUST find your way here for a blissful, relaxing and delicious visit. I made reservations at 1pm on a Saturday for 3pm.   I was asked a few questions about dietary restrictions and given a brief description of some of the treats waiting.  I was a bit surprised at the questions, and I am not sure what they were for BUT I know I started getting excited about the tea.There were 2 of us and your first choice is whether to have 3 hot teas, or a cold drink and 2 teas.  One of the cold drinks, Lavender Lemonade, is a must have!  If for no other reason, you must go and try this drink.  It isn't too sweet nor is it sour.  Perfection! We started with a maple walnut scone and porcini soup. I have never had soup like this.  There were more mushrooms in my cup of soup than my mom would have used for soup for 10!  Our tea came with egg salad, cheese and crackers, fruit and pumpkin cranberry bread.  We ended with different desserts.  The Nutcracker tea was recommended to us and it was delicious! I had to try the Earl Grey Creme and was thrilled with it. Why I give this 5 stars:1. We didn't finish our meal until 4:20 and the place closes at 4pm.  We had no idea we were keeping them late!2. The Lavender Lemonade3. The scone, pumpkin/cranberry bread, soup and bread pudding4. The service (which is professional and outstanding)5. The ambienceI can't wait to go back!Note:1. The serving sizes were perfect for me.  It might be a bit much for someone small and not enough for a guy - but I was thrilled.  2. There is a wall for you to smell the tea before selecting it AND you can purchase all of the teas in loose-leaf form3. There is a wonderful tea/wine gift shop.
<review# 1057,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2011,11/9/2011,340,494,5,12,4>So this place might just beat the pants off of Jungle Jims for my wine purchasing. This place is uber cute and very well laid out. They had the show bottles on display where you could see them, along with information about each and every bottle. That is super helpful and I love wine descriptions. They offer wine tastings as well, which I'm almost positive I will be back for, multiple times. Everything is set up mainly by reds and whites and the sweeter dessert wines are off to one side, as well as some more pricey labels/bottles.And the prices.... o goodness. $8-$15 average for a bottle (most in the $10-$12) and darn good wines at that. They also have a decent craft beer corner. If you're looking for plain old boring beer, don't waste your time. I'm pretty sure the most "normal beer" there is Great Lakes and a few different types of Bastard beer, but there's a larger selection. If you have any questions, the staff is super helpful and will do their best. Whether its about a wine, or a location of a wine you liked during your tasting, it doesn't matter.They also have little wine type accessories for yourself or as gifts, as well as specialty seasonal/holiday types. For example they had a chocolate wine concoction for Valentine's day in Jan/Feb. This place is definitely worth a stop in.
<review# 1058,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2011,11/8/2011,133,116,,6,3>Owning dogs is HARD. I love dogs and animals in general but it is expensive and hard. Otto Armleder Dog Park is here to help ease some of that responsibility in a big way.I've been to all of the dog parks in Cincinnati. I guarantee it. I have yet to find one that is as big, as free (can anything be "as free"), and as fun as Otto Armleder. One of the things that OADP does that differentiates it from (most) parks is that it separates the large dogs and the small dogs. I have two Chihuahua's weighing a COMBINED weight of less than eight pounds and I am not about to send them into the dog park with Marmaduke chasing them for their life. Although, my dogs may have the mentality of a 100 pound dog, the reality is they are 96 pounds less, and two feet shorter.That fact that this park is free is a godsend also. There are too many parks that make you pay to have your pet run around for half an hour in a field covered in grass. OADP is free and is why it attracts so many people to it. On a typical weekend night you will see easily 100 big dogs, and close to 25 small dogs. This is also a good thing for the dogs themselves as it gives them ample companions to play with. You will also meet some interesting people yourself there. People love to talk about their dogs and a dog park is no different. It is fun to see all of the different types of dogs as well as all of the different type of people.Parking is (usually) fine. During the week you have no problem finding parking in the recently expanded attached parking lot. Weekend, you may have to drive around once or twice to find a spot, but nothing too drastic. Lunken airport is just over the trees on the other side and you will routinely see low flying planes coming in which is neat, at least for me.The upkeep of the park is great. There are several doggy bag stations and people seem to be fairly responsible when it comes to picking up doggy doo-doo. The big dog areas are divided into two parts with the small dog area in the middle. The areas are alternated occasionally to allow grass to regrow. The big dog area also has a small area with baby swimming pools where your dog (or you, I won't judge) can cool down on hot days. There are trees and benches around also if you need to sit down.I do want mention that pit bulls are not allowed but people will be people and sometimes do bring them, but I haven't seen any the past few times I have gone and isn't a big problem. Also, it is right nextDog owners don't want the added cost and anxiety of bringing their best friends to a park that cost money and isn't separated for safety. Otto Armleder Dog Park is without a doubt the best dog park in the city. I've been coming here for several years and as long as I am in Cincinnati I will come here. You gotta let the pooches run free every once in a while. For their sake and your sanity.
<review# 1059,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/21/2011,11/7/2011,144,216,2,4,1>If you call yourself a sports fan, but have never watched flat track roller derby, you owe it to yourself and these women to check out a bout. Come early and tailgate or at least when doors open at 6pm for dollar beers. Walk around the lobby and say hello the rollergirls themselves who pass out free programs. Then find a seat and get ready for great Saturday night action. After game you can get your program signed by the rollergirls.Next season, I would love to see them utilize the big screens to play a how-to video that either they've made or get permission to use a certain popular derby how-to video from youtube. I think it would help newbies feel comfortable with what they're about to see and possibly turn them into repeat attendees.
<review# 1060,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2011,11/6/2011,53,54,4,1,2>First of all, I have to admit that I may in bias in my review for Parkers. I'm a Kentucky girl. Born and raised. So, the 20 something horse pictures that hang aroung the restaurant, the 8 or so saddles that welcome you as you enter through the front door and the Derby winner jersey's framed by the hostess stand appeal to me on every level. Before I've even taken a bite, I'm SOLD!My VP at work set up a meeting for me with a great prospect and suggested Parkers as the lunch location. Now, I've never heard of Parkers, but when your VP says go, you can't say no. And, he didn't let me down. I've already detailed my affection for the atmosphere, thank you Mr. VP, so now what to order? This was a business meeting. Me at a table with 3 grown men. I thought for sure each of them would order a steak or at least a sandwich. No yelpers, they didn't. The attendees of this lunch meeting are apparently paying attention to their dollars going toward socialized healthcare and everyone ordered a salad. And, not one of us little rabbits was disappointed. Not at all. Just like the menu, we had variety. The cobb salad looked unbelievable! There was no skimping on the toppings; Bacon, corn, cheese, beans and a great portion too! My other favorite salad at the table to envy was the Alsatian Chicken Salad. Considering that business was being discussed, I tried so hard not to drool over this one. Blue Cheese, candied walnuts, sauteed apples.... (oh, sorry, please excuse my spittle, I'm drooling as I write this). We'll take a break from the salads.... The rest of the menu is also worth mentioning! If you're not a salad snob, like my table, Parkers still has a lot to choose from. I noticed a crab cake sandwich- yes please?! A Bison Burger- watching my waistine but yum! Finally, because I'm getting hungry reviewing this, for those who like a little variety on their plate, they have a Pick Three! That's right. A Pick Three. Not two-THREE! Soup, sandwich and a side. Since I am one that like to try everything and has difficulty making up my mind, this option is perfect for me and maybe you too. This is just their lunch menu! Oh, and the service, sorry the menu distracted me, is GREAT!I will definitely be back to dine at Parkers! Well, I say that...Cough Cough. It's a perfect date place. COUGH COUGH. Sorry, I have a tickle in my throat. It's the darndest thing.  :)
<review# 1061,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2011,11/5/2011,58,439,,4,2>This was my pick for celebrating our anniversary this year and I had high expectations. I'm happy to say that the ambiance and service experience exceeded them, while the food fell just slightly short. I had indicated it was our 6th wedding anniversary in my Open Table reservation and upon checking in, the hostess wished us "Happy Anniversary" as did the servers later. We were shown to an expansive round table with banquette seating and had a few minutes to enjoy the 1930s Art Deco decor. The noise from the Palm Court bar was just enough to liven up the atmosphere of the rather staid restaurant portion. The bread plate to start is a sesame roll, small wheat roll, and a sea-salt encrusted skinny breadstick, served with a trio of sauces: a roasted red pepper, garlic olive oil, and sea salt butter. I didn't feel I was hungry enough to do the tasting menu justice, so we each got something to start and then shared the 12-ounce Chateaubriand. To begin the meal, we were brought a complimentary amuse bouche of a fried clam over a button of marscapone with pickled ramp--a delightful bite. I started with the blue cheese beignets which had a sweet almond Tuile on top that seemed a bit of an anachronism to the overall flavor profile, but nice to munch on between bites of the decadently blue cheese-laden rest of the dish. Between this and our entree, they brought a 'gift course' of pasta carbonara with a quail egg on top. I don't eat pork, so my husband enjoyed both of them and heartily approved The Chateaubriand was finished table side in a warming pan and then sliced in front of us and then finished plates presented with sides of piped potatoes and asparagus. The asparagus was overdone for my liking, but the accompanying béarnaise was heavenly. The potatoes were super smooth, but not remarkable. The steak itself was a wonderful cut of meat, perfectly cooked inside with a liberal char on the outside, but regrettably salty. So much so, that my add-salt-to-everything husband even noticed it. The dessert cart presentation was almost overwhelming and I had to restrain myself from shouting "one of everything, please!", but we managed to restrict ourselves to sharing one: a dark chocolate tart over a shortbread cookie with a yuzu sauce on the side. It was lovely, a bit hard to eat with the super-crumbly cookie, but liked the tart contrast of the yuzu with the rich chocolate. And to top it all off, they wrote "Happy 6th Anniversary" in chocolate across the top of the plate!Service was exemplary throughout, with all the little touches you'd expect from a restaurant of this caliber: a never-empty water glass, fresh napkins after returning from the restroom (black switched out for white based on our clothing!), the little crumb scraper between courses, etc. The only slight falter was that they forgot to bring out our wrapped leftovers at the end and we had to request them (quickly brought then). They will stamp your valet ticket and have your car brought around right from the table as well (tip on valet parking: it's free for diners and the valet station is inside the garage with the entrance on Race St.). Ambiance was also lovely, especially the beautifully painted and decorated ceilings. You do have to leave the cloistered loveliness and venture into the harsh lighting and regular guest inhabited hotel lobby to go to the bathroom, which really is not consistent with the rest of the experience, but a minor point overall. So go, celebrate your special occasion, or no occasion at all, and prepare to be spoiled, pampered, and very full!
<review# 1062,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2011,11/4/2011,181,524,2,2,3>Fountain Square is one of the reasons I get really irritated when people say "there's nothing in downtown Cincinnati." I think people who either live downtown or bother to explore would heartily disagree. But I won't go on a rant, not today. Anyways, Fountain Square is a beautiful heart of the city and has really increased the activities and entertainment available through the years. Even if there wasn't anything going on, it'd be a nice place to sit and watch a game on the jumbo-tron and maybe eat some ice cream. Whenever we have out of town visitors, I make a point to at least drive by the square, and everyone's always been impressed that a city "like Cincinnati" would have such a neat city center. Love!
<review# 1063,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/18/2011,11/3/2011,88,93,7,6,4>Judging by the way I feel this morning, I'm going to say Oktoberfest was a good time. It was a bit crowded but what more can I expect from one of the top five Oktoberfests outside of Germany? Yes - that fact is true. :)We couldn't find a map to save our life and point us in the direction of Izzy's or the Woodchuck booth (a map which materialized itself on my kitchen counter this morning) but we eventually figured it all out. Everywhere you looked people were smiling, drinking and eating schnitzel. It was definitely good times. There was German music (and I'm surprised I missed the Chicken Dance in the almost four hours of being there).This was definitely an event I didn't want to miss and I sure had an amazing time. We got collectible Oktoberfest 2011 mugs for $11 and the rest of the night it was $7 for refills. Why not? If you miss it this year, go next year. It's definitely worth it!!! Yay!
<review# 1064,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2011,11/2/2011,39,37,,1,1>One of my favorite new places in Cincinnati. Delicious, authentic, and very good Vietnamese food, with great drink specials. We love the bahn mi sandwich, spring rolls, pho, ban salads, and the shaking lemongrass beef.  Yum!  I've missed Vietnamese food (I'm originally from Seattle), and am really happy to finally have a place nearby.  I'm sad to see the poor reviews below - we have had nothing but great service the two times we have gone, but that was on a Tuesday and a Wednesday, so maybe it is different when they are busy.  But I would whole-heartedly recommend this place to anyone I know.  Check it out yourself!
<review# 1065,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2011,11/1/2011,101,324,2,3,2>My burger was yummy!I ordered the Zola Burger and had a couple of Warsteiners (draft) to boot.It was Saturday midday with not much a crowd at the bar.   The place did not have many people because it was pretty early.   I ordered my beer and sandwich (with a side of their asian slaw) as advised by many of the yelpers.The burger was cooked perfectly and had great flavor.  The slaw was really good.  I enjoyed everything about the meal.   Please note that this bar is still smoking inside - so if you have issues with cigarrette smoke - this bar may not be for you.Service - Quick and friendlyFood - Very good - everything was advertised.  My sandwich, slaw and two beers was around $15Atmoshphere - it was nice - they were playing the UC game.    The ding was the cigarrette smoke.Please note - I can see if this place is packed that it would take a long time to get your food.   I beleive everything is made fresh and could see the kitchen backing up.   Since there was no crowd - My food was really good.Enjoy.
<review# 1066,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2011,10/31/2011,201,516,2,4,3>Love love love LOVE love. Jean-francois is victorious yet again!I've never had anything other than waffles and crepes (never even their coffee!) from Taste of Belgium's location in Findlay Market, so I was definitely excited about whatever the place would have up its sleeve in its new home on Vine Street in OTR.Not only did I have a cup of coffee and a waffle before work, but I stopped by after work just before they closed and had the arugula salad (with parmesan and mushrooms... yum!) and also took home two treats for later:  a cheesecake-topped brownie and a frosted sugar cookie. The cheesecake was delicious and although I didn't eat the cookie myself, my boyfriend gobbled it down in no time, with a smile.The food isn't the only perk of this new sit-down Belgian bistro, but the service is great. Ignoring the fact that I know some of the staff and that I've always found Jean-francois to be more-than-competent at being a restauranteur, the way I was attended to was fabulous.The couple next to me told J-F that their Belgian fries weren't cripsy, and not 3 minutes later, J-F was back at their table with a complementary PLATE of freshly-fried fries.I plan on coming back again and again... and I'll definitely try the fries!
<review# 1067,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2011,10/30/2011,25,121,4,5,3>Dear Downtown Coffee Emporium, I love you. I don't live or work downtown, but this has quickly become my favorite place to set up shop with grading or other boring professor work. In fact, this might even be my favorite place...ever. (Okay, a bit of hyperbole there.)It was love at first sight, really. On the first day I came here (about two weeks ago), I immediately felt comfortable. There are plenty of tables just the right size for two people (to work on) or spacious for one. The coffee is delicious, of course, and if I wasn't counting my calories right now, I would have done some major damage on the delicious looking collection of sweets at the front register.The only down side here is the parking, of course. I'm working on the logistics of taking the bus (from my house in East Walnut Hills), but if you come during the evenings (after 5) and on the weekends, there are plenty of meters that are turned off by that time. Really, the only way I could love Coffee Emporium more is if I could fold up my car into a briefcase a la George Jetson and not have to worry about the parking situation.
<review# 1068,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2011,10/29/2011,30,16,1,8,4>Do you live, work or play in Kentucky? Have you wondered where you can get a big, thick, juicy, yummy and non chain made hamburger in the area? Well look no further than Mad Mike's.I had seen an "opening soon" sign for the past couple weeks in the old spot where China Food used to be on Dixie Highway. Sometime yesterday that sign mysteriously turned to "open", and I had a plan for lunch today.I ordered the American and it was delicious. It was two thick  and juicy slabs of beef literally falling off the edges of the bun. Oh and the bun? Mike, himself told me it is a Klosterman's split top and it is divine. The menu overall is outstanding with a good dozen choices of burgers with speciality toppings and many more to add on. The "Mad" sandwiches have a "Mad Sauce" . I was told it was chipotle mayo but not too hot. I didn't notice any heat, just a little tang. If you want heat they got jalepenos though!The fries reminded me of Great Steak and Fry or 5 Guys. They come in a cup and are thick and long with some of the skin still on. Mike calls this cut "Montreal style" . Well oui oui I say! He fries 'em up in Canola- so you know their good for you ( wink wink). They have Coke products thank goodness and will be serving draft beer soon but not yet. My whole meal was less than $10 and this was all ala carte.  I hope you enjoy Mad Mike's as much as I did.
<review# 1069,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2011,10/28/2011,96,121,18,10,7>I've lived in Cincy for most of my life, and I can safely say I have never been to the Carew Tower Observation Deck (or CTOD, for all the cool kids) until very recently. It's just one of those touristy things you don't do if you live here. So one Saturday afternoon, I decided to dust off the 'ol vertigo and give it a try.This was not exactly a random decision. Let me recount past conversations with our lovable CM, Alex S.Alex: Hey Weg, you check out the Carew Tower Observation Deck yet? I went up, and now my tears are sold internationally as cologne.Weg: Hey Alex. How's it hanging?Alex: Oh, Weg! Hello there. I'm on the Carew Tower Observation Deck, they're giving out cash and free ponies to people up here. Oh, you missed out again? Too bad.Alex: The Carew Tower gave me super powers.So after riding the exceptionally fast elevator up to the top floor (seriously - my ears popped twice), you go through a hall to another very tiny elevator to take you up another few floors. I noticed the very prominent Westinghouse logo (Hah, suck it Edison!) that has probably been there close to a century.So after a few more floors up, you exit into a stairwell with a door marked "Do not Open". Despite our best efforts, it doesn't open. I tell you that so you don't have to try. Pfft, signs aren't the boss of me.You climb said stairwell, give $2 to the lady bored out of her goard, and step on out. While it certainly is not the tallest building observation deck in the world, it's the tallest I've been on that is not enclosed.  Nothing separates you from a ~10 second trip to the bottom except a chest high wall and your courage. It's also at the real top of the building, with only some antennas sitting a bit taller than you. I think this is pretty cool.They also have your standard touristy binoculars on each corner, and for 25 cents you can see pretty far. I'm pretty sure all of these are made by the International Touristy Binocular Corporation, because they're exactly the same at every tourist trap in the world. Regardless, you can see the people milling around the Levee pretty clearly with them. You can also see your friends huge blurry middle finger when you pan too far to the right, if that's your thing.That's about it for the CTOD. They have a gift shop, and after 20 minutes or so there's nothing else to do. You can head back down, and read this entire review in reverse. It tells the story of a young man who was given $2, but stripped of his superpowers and lost his job as a Yelp CM.
<review# 1070,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/24/2011,10/27/2011,24,49,2,3,2>I consider myself a local expert on Mexican food--that being said I also am known to sometimes stretch the truth. I do, however, have Celiac's Disease which has me frequenting many of the city's Mexican restaurants as they easily suit my dietary restrictions. So, when I saw that Taco Azul was going to be parked outside of Neon's last Tuesday, I knew it was time to put my expert taste buds to work.I was not disappointed. First off, you just can't beat the price! I mean, a taco for $2? That's a deal! They come wrapped in a corn tortilla and covered in pico and cilantro and were just fabulous! The perfect meal for a cool spring night--and a meal it was. After the first taco I looked at my husband and let him know he may be finishing my plate for me. Of course, this may also have to do with the lady like way I was shoveling their guacamole into my mouth between bites of their delicious tacos, but we won't talk about that--other than to say GET THE GUAC! :)My only complaint is that the food prep was a little slow and I could definitely see where you could wait a long time if there was a line of people. So, I'd suggest doing what we did and following them on Twitter so you can show up outside your favorite bar and have a pre-bar taco snack, or meal, either way get the guac!
<review# 1071,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2011,10/26/2011,59,60,,7,1>Daisy Mae's is a wonderful produce vendor at Findlay Market.  They're open year-round, and have a huge variety to suit your fruit and veggie needs.  Can't miss them-they're on the end of the market, outside, huge tents.  It's the produce vendor full of friendly faces. The staff is actually my favorite part of Daisy Mae's.  The produce is great, but the people selling it are wonderful.  It may not seem like that should be notable, but it is.  If they don't have a particular item in, they'll explain why.  No substandard food here-if the green beans weren't good, they won't sell them to you.  End of story.  They don't want to sell you something that isn't great, and I appreciate the fact that quality is more important than making a buck.  If you have questions about the produce, like how to prepare it or what to look for, they have an answer with a smile.  And they don't make you feel like a dolt for asking.  Yes, maybe I don't know how to best store a pineapple-just ask and they'll let you know!They have a twitter account as well, and definitely use it to their advantage. Just last week I tweeted (yeah, I know) that I was on the hunt for ginger, and they let me know they they had it in stock and ready.  That's convenience, friends. They also tweet specials, and updates in their stock.  I know they do produce delivery during the work week, but my office is out of the area so I haven't taken advantage.  Sounds like a great program though!Daisy Mae's is a fantastic addition to Findlay, and I hope they stick around for a long time.
<review# 1072,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2011,10/25/2011,113,79,3,4,4>You look through the menu of $20 and $30+ entrees, you see pictures of the view, and you book a table for dinner. When you walk up to the address where your GPS brought you, you think,"I have to be at the wrong place."Nope. The neon sign in the window tells you otherwise. So you walk in and find a dark, cozy Italian restaurant perched on a hillside in a highrise apartment building.The decor is one part late 80's steakhouse, one part antique shop. It's impeccably clean, there's a candle at every table and the hostess brought us to an ideal table next to the sky-high window. Our server was wonderful. Warm, approachable, knowledgeable. She even volunteered to wrap up the bread left at our table with our leftovers. That's a nice gesture.The menu is straightforward Italian, leaning toward American Italian, with no re-inventions or fuss. I had a nice Caesar salad, with anchovy in the dressing and whole anchovies on top - yes! My ravioli was served with sausage, a thick tomato sauce and a sprinkling of fresh basil. The server brought a chunk of parmiggiano around and grated it fresh over our entrees (with our permission, of course). I was pleasantly surprised by Primavista. The prices are quite high, but it's not beyond acceptable. The service matches those prices, and the view is practically priceless.
<review# 1073,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2011,10/24/2011,9,35,3,9,3>Awesome customer service!Quick repair time!No jerking you around!This place is great. I was rear ended and then backed up into all in one week and I needed to get two repairs done. I went to Center City Collision and the repair process couldn't have been easier. They handled the insurance companies perfectly and even arranged for a rental car to be there at the time of my drop-off. They  just started a new service where they will send you photos updates of your repair via text and e-mail...how cool is that? You can watch your car go through the body work! They also give the car a wonderful wash and wax when they complete the work which I greatly appreciate. Please give them a try if you need any body work done and you'll be referring your friends too!
<review# 1074,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2011,10/23/2011,9,53,2,3,2>I have been here a few times now so I think I can give it a well balanced review.Pros:1) Great atmosphere, definitely a fun place to just go and hang out2) The poutine is delicious3) The cocktails and beers, I really enjoyed their mojito 4) Great service, really friendly and professional staffCons:1) Price, definitely expensive for a hot dog2) The lobster roll, I absolutely did not enjoy this, however the staff offered to get me a different hotdog when they noticed I was not eating thisOverall I would definitely go back and try another hot dog, as well as more of their cocktails
<review# 1075,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2011,10/22/2011,54,44,,3,2>Recently went to this small but cozy shop on Mainstrasse in Covington, KY and enjoyed myself.  but I like that the owner(s) operate the restaurant and are very friendly.  They clearly are working to make something cool and local for the residents living nearby.  I overheard while here something about picking fresh cilantro, which I appreciate.The place is rather small, they keep some pretty late hours so that bar patrons can come up the their window and order their burritos.  I haven't seen this operation in full swing during a busy night so I'm not quite sure how they will handle the rush but it was pretty calm in the afternoon.  I could see that this very small burrito shop could be overwhelmed by a moderate to large group of burrito-seekers.  I will have to revisit during this time to see how it is handled.There isn't a huge variety but the burrito I had was cheap and very good, and the small menu has a lot of variety.  Including a barbeque pork burrito and a jerk chicken burrito.  They offer Jarritos sodas as beverage options as well as cups of filtered water.  It's a small operation but I like it.
<review# 1076,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2011,10/21/2011,225,125,,3,2>Mr. Sushi's sushi is the best I've had yet in Cincinnati. The pieces are cut large with a generous portion of rice to go with them, and the prices are comparable with other sushi joints in the area.I also got the bulgogi, a meal I've loved in many restaurants; unfortunately, I wasn't overly impressed with it. It wasn't bad, but it definitely wasn't great.Also, the fiancee and I went when we were running late to get to a show, but the waitress was efficient, helpful, and got us in, fed, and on our way with a little time to spare ... and somehow we didn't feel rushed.I'll definitely go back for more sushi.
<review# 1077,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/1/2011,10/20/2011,52,61,2,2,2>Five stars for possibly the best chocolate icing I have ever tasted... knocked down to 4-stars because I wish there was more icing. I will be honest, I really only eat cake for the icing. The chocolate truffle cupcake had amazing icing but there was still a wide band of cake on the top left uncovered by icing (although it was thick!). To be fair, I'm the person who piles on my whipped cream on sundaes so you may be completely satisfied with the amount of icing you get.The cake was good, though, so if you're in it for the cake it's still awesome.I still love the place, though. The setting in Old Milford is cute and the shop itself is absolutely adorable.Dangit, now I could really use a cupcake!
<review# 1078,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2011,10/19/2011,76,144,,2,2>One of the great places to eat and drink in Cincinnati! Good location, near the Aronoff Center and the Design district and the Courthouse area, so that draws a consistent crowd.  It's a bit small, intimate, yet quirky.  The first floor indoors may seem a bit cramped, more of a bar, but the seating area expands into this wonderful courtyard with a retractable cover for those rainier, colder days.  Upstairs is a seating area broken up into multiple rooms.  There is a water closet (just a toilet), and in one of the adjacent rooms is the complementary sink and a bathtub- where people dine - that drew a laugh from me.  There's also a dumbwaiter that operates to carry drinks from the bar to the upper level.I was at an event there, so I didn't order food, thought it was a little pricey.  But there are drink specials there.  I think the other cool thing about the place: Hollywood recreated it as part of the set for the NBC drama "Harry's Law," starring Kathy Bates.
<review# 1079,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2011,10/18/2011,120,162,2,3,1>The objective was to find a new place for date night that served some good burgers, had more than Miller Lite, didn't star Chris Berman in a TV commercial, non-smoking, and no band to optimize conversations.  Conclusion- Flipdaddy's met all of our expectations and then some, even if there was a guy playing a guitar in the front.Like other reviewers pointed out it did feel like an Applebees, but unlike America's Neighborhood Bar and Grill, there was an extensive beer and burger menu.  The beers ranged from traditional micro-brews and imports- Newcastle, Guinness, Stella- and they had some locals like Mt Carmel and Rivercity.  The prices ranged from 4-8 dollars.  A+ in my book.  We instead chose the shakes, which for 3 bucks, were also quality.  Think Steak N Shake, but sadly no whip cream.Burgers were really good.  I went for the Mac Daddy -or heart attack special or indigestion express, take your pick- which consisted of a Burger topped with mac n cheese wedged between a pretzel bun.  I thought the actual burger was so, so in that it was pretty greasy, but the bun and mac n cheese combo was to die for, and if you eat enough of these you just might.The girlfriend got the South American Burger.  The same can be said about the meat, but the salsa spice combo was delectable.  A fresh, spicy medially of goodness smathered on a burger.To round out the review, the service was fast, efficient, and very helpful.  Lots of TVs to watch the game.  I also think there was a photo of Neil Patrick Harris on the wall.  In addition there is some kind of beer club that they have, this might be the reason i return.Maybe not the best burger in town, but Flipdaddy's does a great job for beers and brews without breaking the bank.  What more could you ask for?
<review# 1080,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2011,10/17/2011,26,154,,,>The number one thing to say about this place is its location on Fountain Square.  Convenient, nice, whatever, glad we can get past that and talk about what matters - the food.  I split a pizza and penne bolognese here for a birthday dinner.  The two items were very good.  The ingredients were fresh and the menu was inspired.  All in all, a pretty good place, but the prices are a bit steep.  If I'm going to pay prices like this, I'd rather hit up their sister restaurant, Nicola's.  Or if I was just looking for pizza, I'd certainly be at A Tavola (which is both better AND cheaper).  In fact, I only ended up here because the wait at A Tavola was 2 hours (our fault for showing up there at 8 on a Friday night).  Anyways, the experience was enjoyable overall if but a little pricey.  Oh, and don't forget to tack on at least $5 for parking.Bottom Line: I might be back if someone else was paying the bill.
<review# 1081,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/8/2011,10/16/2011,35,175,2,3,2>Ive been going to this place a while and they really got their stuff together. Everytime I go there its better. They recently added peanut butter chips to their Peanut Butter Cup cupcake, great! I would give the cookie dough cupcake 5 stars its so amazing, they should have it everyday!I can't give this place 5 stars because i've seen some absolutely jaw-dropping amazing things done with cupcakes in this day and age, but I think without a doubt its the best cupcake shop in Northern Kentucky.
<review# 1082,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2011,10/15/2011,89,141,1,5,2>Best Feature: Wide selection of various grocery items!Worst Feature: Might have not noticed this had I not searched for itI stopped in here recently on a quest - find me some mochi to bring home for dessert. I hadn't been to a Japanese grocery mart before, but this was definitely a satisfactory first experience.They have so much available - from DVDs and books to noodles, tea, dessert, food ... I don't even really know how to describe it other than I'm fairly sure they had anything I could want. I am considering making my own sushi as they had sushi ingredients available - but they also make their own sushi there!I found some strawberry + lime daifuku and took the strawberry home to eat. I also picked up some oolong tea, which I'd never had before - I've now had a cup a day, I enjoyed it so much. And the daifuku was yummy as well! The service there was very nice - a kind lady there was polite, friendly, and helped me look for what I had come for.I'll be back again - and if you're looking for sushi, Japanese ingredients, tea, or any assortment of things, I'd stop in here as well.
<review# 1083,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2011,10/14/2011,101,484,2,3,2>So glad this has opened in the busy little shopping/eating center at the Buttermilk Pike exit. We tried both the Southwest Crepe and Out of the Blue (best I can recall of the name). Both were very tasty, quickly prepared and filling. We enjoyed the Out of the Blue best, with chicken, blue cheese, onions I'm sure. Simple decor and friendly employees. We were too full to order a dessert crepe, but ccertainly want to go back for more savory versions, as well as try the dessert crepes. I honestly didn't know the place existed until I saw the Groupon offered, which I used at this visit. But I'll go back at full price, as well!
<review# 1084,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/5/2011,10/13/2011,177,120,2,5,3>I love writing long reviews, but you can see from the other reviewers what this joint is all about so I'll keep it simple.  - Fan Freakin' Tastic burgers.  Hand Pattied, cooked on a flat top with choice of white buns or rye bread.  Pickles and Onions included.- Great service.  Chip also keeps it simple, and is a very nice host.  Obvious Red's fan (I hear rumor that Pete Rose used to hang here).- Small atmosphere in an old room.  - Cheap.  I thought "$3.75 for a double, must be a small burger."  I was wrong.  I'll do a single next time.Makes the list.
<review# 1085,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2011,10/12/2011,10,12,,8,3>I went to lunch last week with a friend of mine. We were looking over the menu when he noticed the catfish sandwich. He said, "there's never an in between, people either get catfish right, or they don't." I looked at the specials board by the door and noticed something called Pork Fresco. We chatted a bit and then a lovely woman walked up and introduced herself as Rima. For the record, I love a restaurant when the owner in in the house.She explained her take on catfish to my friend and the pork fresco to me. It sounded great so we ordered.In no time at all our food was served. The food was well seasoned, hot and overall excellent. My friends eyes popped when he took his first bite of the catfish and I ate every bite of my pork fresco.It was a very relaxed escape from a day at work that I would recommend to Rima's to anyone. Can't wait to try dinner.
<review# 1086,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2011,10/11/2011,47,15,,9,7>If you haven't taken any of these tours yet, stop what you're doing, get off your butt, and get tickets now.  I'll wait...Ok, good.  Whichever tour you just picked, congrats!  You will not be disappointed.  The guides are enthusiastic and knowledgeable, the history fascinating, and the added bonus of revitalizing a historic neighborhood is priceless.  I have taken three tours so far, The Queen City is Haunted Walking Tour delves into the spooks and specters that inhabit the area.  You'll learn about Cincinnati's "Murder College", and you may just have a ghostly encounter, it's been known to happen.The Queen City Underground tour literally and figuratively takes you under the streets of Over-the-Rhine as you learn about buildings that were home to over 130 saloons, George "Boss" Cox and his control over the city (and his ties to the World Series), and go underground to explore hidden vaults where beer once flowed.On the Cincinnati Civil War Tour you'll discover just how vital our city was in the outcome of the war.  You'll hear tales of the Black Brigade of Cincinnati, the "Dutch Devils", and visit some of the other hidden treasures, such as Memorial Hall and the Emery Theater.I can't stress enough how engaging and knowledgeable the guides are; I've lived here 30 years and on every tour I discovered new things about this city.  Check their website for prices and times, the tours are seasonal.  Now go and enjoy!
<review# 1087,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2011,10/10/2011,34,178,,1,1>I have been a fan of ZZ's Pizza ever since it reopened. I have introduced countless people to the place. I've ordered it for business meetings and I continue to stop in often for lunch.Truth be told I've never had anything but pizza at ZZ's, but every one has been out of sight delicious. I just had the seafood pizza again. I forgot how tasty it could be. I love the shiitake mushroom pizza... oh heck, I'm not going to list them all. I have never had a bad pizza. It's simply that good.Let's see... the wait staff is always very attentive. I drink water and my glass is never empty. Delivery was frighteningly prompt even after I changed the delivery time by 15 minutes. They definitely aim to please and they hit the target every time.Some evening we'll have to try ZZ's for dinner. It's not the best part of town, but I don't believe that will stop me.I'm so glad ZZ's is back!
<review# 1088,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2011,10/8/2011,57,343,,1,1>This butcher shop is a staple anytime I come to Findlay Market. In the past I have gotten whole beef tenderloins cleaned perfectly and marbled like you wouldn't believe, plus they threw in a few pounds of ground chuck on the house for buying the tenderloin. : I have also purchased pork belly here and it was perfect for me to start curing and making my own bacon. : But the number one reason I go here is for the Goetta, it is better than Gliers, and they will slice it up for you or the traditional chunk. When family comes in town they always ask for the Goetta from here and I usually send some home with them also. : If there is something that you don't see in the display case, they will custom order it for you, they have when I asked for Pig Tails.
<review# 1089,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2011,10/7/2011,94,404,3,5,3>Last summer I wrote that Shaan is terrific and was already verging toward toward five-star territory.  In the almost full year since, it has gotten even better, if anything.  We visit at least once a month, and one of the remarkable things about it is its consistent quality.  And if you get there before noon for the buffet, the food is remarkably fresh-tasting.  Shaan also has the warmest service of any Indian place in town that we've been to.  The owner will remember you after just two or three visits and welcome you like an old friend.In my mind, Shaan has separated itself from the four-star pack and deserves the bump-up.  It's my favorite place in town to dine for under $10 a person.For what it's worth, I don't know that the night-time fare is appreciably better than the lunch-time buffet.  And the only thing I can complain about with Shaan is the rather drab decor, but at these prices and with this excellent food and service it's something I can easily overlook.P.S.  I'd love to have a translation of the single two-star Shaan review.  Aside from its complaint about the buffet's not being replenished "after 1:30 PM," a circumstance I don't have any personal experience with, I find the review to be incoherent.  It has to be considered an outlier.
<review# 1090,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2011,10/6/2011,35,78,3,5,3>YOU ALL. There is a new coffee shop in town and it needs (and deserves!) our help! Groove Coffee House popped up on my morning commute down Mainstrasse a few weeks ago, causing an immediate head swivel and potential road hazard. I've been searching for a good en-route coffee stop essentially since I moved to NoKy, and since Reality Tuesday is always at least a 15-minute wait served up with a side of "You're Not a Regular Here" snobbery and the Dixie Kroger Starbucks is only good for the barista banter, seeing a new coffee oasis pop up on my radar was a decidedly happy occasion.It's kind of tucked away, back from the road a little bit, and essentially in a house, so it's not super-noticeable at first. They finally got a sign, but it's totally blocked by Fatty Patty's 3D Puppy Monstrosity if you're headed across the CWB bridge, so your best bet is to look for the chalkboard on the sidewalk just past Patty's on the right. Charming, cozy, approachable--and regrettably empty. While no one wants to wait 15 minutes for their coffee, especially when they're already late to work (who, me?), it's also extremely depressing to find a new establishment with a good selection, fair prices, and a quality roasted blend so light on traffic. Groove has a great selection of espresso and hot chocolate beverages, including some I'd never heard of, named for past Presidents, and they're always happy to explain or answer any questions. Even though I just get a boring soy latte, it's always made efficiently and to smooth perfection. So at least check it out and give it a try, y'all, to help get this new business off the ground and running, and support your local NoKy coffee scene in the process!
<review# 1091,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2011,10/5/2011,31,45,,3,2>As a regular of Maki Express, I tend to stick to my usual order of the 'Deep Fried Terminator' roll (salmon/cream cheese roll fried in tempura with eel sauce) and the 'New York' roll (spicy tuna roll with lots of avo and spicy mayo on top) and these rolls are probably the best I've had in the cincy area. Even when I've branched out from these go-to rolls I have not been disappointed, as their white fish sashimi was fresh and tasty and their 'Spicy Crunchy' roll was great too. The owners are really friendly and although the place is small, you can take your food over to Mac's next door and hang out in one of their booths.
<review# 1092,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/25/2011,10/4/2011,40,70,2,2,2>Catskeller is a must-visit for UC students, especially those over the age of 21. Located in the basement of Tangeman, Catskeller has a feel of a college dive-y bar but with an upscale beer selection. They are going to have your general domestics (at least a few of them). However, where Catskeller excels is having local brewerys and other microbrews on tap, or in bottles. The price on beer is hard to beat in Cincinnati. There are some great selections of micro/local brews for under 4 dollars. Some of the higher end stuff is about 4-5 for a snifter. But with these beers at other locations, prices are typically about 1-2 dollars more. Domestics usually run around 3-4 dollars.They do have food here, although it really is hit or miss. It's pub-y food. Fries, sliders, etc. The Skeller sticks (breadsticks stuffed with cheese) are the best thing (as long as they cook them for the length they need to be cooked.) Several times I had chicken fingers that were not fully cooked - but this year, they removed them from the menu in favor of chicken rings (definitely glued together processed meat in the shape of a ring), which maybe wasn't a bad decision since they are less thick. They also do pizza.You can also just wander upstairs where there are several fast-food restaurants. I'd suggest that if you're dying for food that isn't below average.Regardless, the food is cheap. They have combos for around $5.50. It's hard to beat that.They have games, TVs, pool tables, and occasionally live bands playing. For the most part, it's a hang out spot. Somewhere to enjoy a beer after class or before the game. Catskeller does fill up before UC football games, so beware! Get there early!Overall, it's hard for an on-campus pub to get much better than Catskeller. The price is right and the beer is good.
<review# 1093,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2011,10/3/2011,69,143,4,8,4>First thing I noticed: the furnishings and place in general are pretty bare-bones. They reminded me of any one of the many Mexican food places in SoCal -- plastic booths, tables, and chairs. However, just like those Mexican places, I trusted that the food  at Ali Baba would make up for its sparse furnishings. I also trusted that the considerable patronage on the night of my visit was an indication of how good the food was!I agree with the person who said that there is confusion about where to order. I walked in and the menu wasn't right in front of my face, so I asked the owner where it was. "Over there," he said, pointing to the wall on my right, which was of course covered by the huge red menu. Oh. Of course. Teehee. After minutes of indecision, I went for the beef shwarma. There was a choice of wrap ingredients: I got lettuce, tomato, baba ghanoush, grilled veggies, and tkazaki sauce. It ended up being a great and flavorful combination. The only weird things were that there was the choice of a "wrap" or pita bread, and the wrap ended up being a tortilla; also, the beef was pretty hard to chew. I kind of wished my incisors were sharper. Then, I wished I wasn't such a nerd.Would I come back? Hell yes!!! There is a need for more good, affordable Middle Eastern food places around here. So far, Ali Baba is pretty much the only place in Cincinnati that fits the bill. Next time I'm trying the falafel because everyone seems obsessed with it...
<review# 1094,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2011,10/2/2011,30,68,1,9,2>I've never been one to go get pedicures or pamper myself excluding the occasional haircut.  I had only ever received 2 massages prior to today.  As a RN working in the ICU, I have been noticing my back and shoulders hurting.  Even using proper body technique, it is hard to avoid injury when you have to turn 500 lb unconscious patients every two hours.  I somehow managed to get 5 days of work off in a row, and thought I would indulge myself in a massage.  I was able to walk in and get an appointment for later the same day.  I guess I have never really gotten many massages due to the price.  Massage Envy has a special introductory rate of $39 for an hour massage, and if you join as a member, it only increases to $49.  All other massages I have had were in fancy spas and were much more expensive.  Massage Envy exclusively does massages, and they just started offering facials.  I stink with names so I don't remember who my massage therapist was.  I do know she was very friendly and did a great job.  All the staff were friendly and polite, even though I was one of the only customers during the snow storm.  Although of course they want you to join as a member, I didn't feel pressured to join.  I enjoyed it so much, I actually did end up joining!  I'm sure I will be pleased with my monthly massage.  How fun!
<review# 1095,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2011,10/1/2011,47,85,3,4,2>Probably the best BLT I've ever had (funny how melted cheese seems to make everything better).  Also, I'm not sure if it's just all in my head, but having the bacon chopped up and the tomatoes cut into cubes tastes better.But who in their right mind would want to eat a grilled cheese on a glazed donut??... This guy, that's who.  And you will too after you try it.  Wow, never would have crossed my mind to combine those items, so I'm glad they thought it up for me.I sampled the daily soup special (chipotle cheddar) and thought it was very tasty.  But I didn't get to have their tomato soup this time... a great reason to go back though!Service was quick and very friendly.One gripe, though really more of a suggestion: I wish they had colby-jack cheese.  Other than that, if you love cheese, this place is your utopia!
<review# 1096,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2011,9/30/2011,21,56,1,4,1>Yelp Cincinnati's Fearless Leader and friend Alex Shebar said in his review of Windmill, "Ah well. Enjoy it, you KY folks, it's pretty fantastic." Well, Alex, you'll be pleased to know that I indeed DO enjoy Windmill Coffee. And I'm not even normally a coffee person.First off, yes, this looks like your ordinary coffee shop from outside. But step inside, and you're not at a Starbucks, I guarantee. Local artists' wares adorn the walls on a frequent basis. They serve extremely good coffee, and if you're not a coffee person and can't get into it for even a minute...not to worry, there's other options.This is a great place to chill out (or take cover from a sudden severe thunderstorm, as I recently found out). With free wifi, I was able to monitor my iPod touch to see (and alert people of) what was happening with my traditional weather applications, twitter and facebook. There's not much seating, but what there is actually makes things a little more cozy.Overall, 5 stars, because of the wifi, the coffee, and the best part being that this is only five minutes from my house, which makes it an EPIC WIN.
<review# 1097,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2011,9/29/2011,48,174,,5,1>I love that this end of Short Vine has a food option beyond Pizza! The ingredients at Island Frydays are fresh and the jerk sauce is delish. It's priced right for a location so close to UC. For $3 you can get a jerk chicken wrap and you really can't go wrong!If you're looking for something different stop by. You can't miss the building since it has been painted bright yellow.
<review# 1098,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2011,9/28/2011,43,21,,5,3>For me the sports mall is great. I take classes (spinning, Zumba, Piloxing, Pilates etc). They have some of the best instructors in the city. The classes are taught by really educated professionals and not some random person off the street. They have a very unique feature in an area for DVD use- like little personal pods-where you can bring your own DVDs or check out those fad dvds you have been watching infomercials for and always wanted to try. Cardio equipment is great-they have a couple of just about every type of machine you can think of. My husband has made comments that the free weight areas need to be updated and we were told those upgrades would be coming soon. I do not have kids so cannot comment on that side of the facility. There are small luxuries that top this place off that make it a bit different than going to a chain gym- which has kept me a member. Having Shampoo/Conditioner/Body Wash and Even Shaving Cream in the showers for members is so great. Another AMAZING feature is the club deli- the food is out of this world good. We do the meals to go once a week. It is a rotational meal made by the chef on-site. It is always so yummy and healthy to boot. I was a member for 3 years, left to go to a budget friendly big box gym but came back. Cant beat the instructors and the staff at this place.
<review# 1099,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2011,9/27/2011,211,416,,6,5>The atmosphere is just perfect.  Gorgeous building and oh my goodness, loved the wall paper.The menu is simple and restrained.  Try some bar snacks or go for a full meal.The ricotta fritters were moist, soft and delicious (reminiscent of a funnel cake, but like, actually really good) and the peach & strawberry cobbler (more like a crisp) was ridiculously good.The wine list is all Italy.This is the first time I can remember being at a restaurant and making reservations while I was still there.  It's just that great of an environment.
<review# 1100,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2011,9/26/2011,69,67,,4,2>I always have a good time at the Cock & Bull.  They have good food, fun drink specials (like the nights when you get to take a glass from the beer of the week home with you), and friendly service.The outside patio is my favorite spot...inside can be a little loud and crazy during happy hour.  The appetizers are my favorite things to eat here.  The trio of dips is delcious, and I love their Banger Dip...delicoius!  The fish and chips is always a great choice as well.Always ask your server about the specials.  They usually have something going on, but it's not always publicized as much as at other pubs.  Cock & Bull is a great place to get together with a bunch of friends for drinks and apps, or to go for a nice simple dinner with 1 or 2 other people.It is a little pricey when it comes to drinks, but you can drink cheaply if you pay attention to the drink menu or ask your server for suggestions.
<review# 1101,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2011,9/25/2011,30,40,,4,2>It is ironic that the main reason I visit this chili parlor is because of a friend from Michigan... but then again, his infrequent visits also make Dixie Chili that much more delicious.I think Dixie Chili's appeal comes partly from it's chili recipe and partly from it's service.I love Dixie Chili's chili because it is meaty and thick but still has a ton of flavor. It is like combining Skyline Chili with the best parts of Goldstar.Not to mention once you dump this lovely chili all over waffle fries and top it with cheese, you have a chili cheese fries few can reckon with. That's not to say the mainstays of any chili parlor, the 3-way and the coney are left by the wayside... No, no, no. These are also made perfect with some Dixie Chili poured all over, covering every square inch of spaghetti.And you can't beat the 50's feel of the place, right down to ordering at the cash register and then getting your food on a tray. It's a simple but effective production line that gets the most chili to the most amount of people in the fastest time possible. And who can complain with that?Delicious chili and fast service make Dixie Chili one of the best chili parlors in town.
<review# 1102,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/14/2010,9/24/2011,143,423,4,13,3>Hebron is a small town, yet within a two mile stretch there are there are now four places to order pizza (and there will be five once Papa John's opens up). The recently opened Edwardo's is ruffling the competition by offering an all-you-can-eat lunch buffet for $5.99, a pretty good deal that will attract employees of the various industrial parks surrounding the shopping center. Edwardo's took over their location from Little Nicky's Pizza, but the new restaurant expanded into the adjacent suite, and now has a large, nicely appointed dining room. My son and I visited the buffet last week. I asked the waitress if my three-year old got a discount on the buffet. She said, "Yep, he eats for only 99 cents." Woo-hoo, I'm sold. The well-stocked buffet consisted of various thin crust pizzas, a pasta station, and a salad bar. While my son stuck to pizza , I tried a little from each station. The salad bar and pasta was good, pretty standard buffet-fare. Same with the pizza. Though I tried slices from different pizzas (pepperoni, chicken ranch, supreme), I couldn't really differentiate the flavors. The toppings tasted like they were bought in bulk and frozen. The crust was reminiscent of store-bought Tombstone. Not bad tasting, just nothing that would entice me to order delivery. On a positive note, the staff was very friendly and attentive. I'll probably try their subs or something else from the menu, and I'll even give the buffet another shot because it is so reasonably priced.  But I'm not going to forsake the other pizzerias in town.
<review# 1103,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2010,9/23/2011,267,41,2,3,3>Forget going to your mega corporate chain grocery store! Findlay Market is the place to go. I love the atmosphere, the fresh produce, and the prices from all the independent local vendors. Kroeger and Sons has excellent meats, Madison Market, Daisy Mae's, Eckridge Meats, Dojo Gelato, and Market Wines are also favorite stops. it is great to actual know who is selling you your food, and build a personal connection with them that reflects real trust. Some of the vendors that show up such as Fab Ferments are also a huge plus. The beer garden is a great idea, but should reflect more diversity in their offerings. It would be great to get a locally made  Rivertown Brewing, Mt. Carmel products there. Heck, Sam Adams brews close by, let them in too. I look forward to when Moerlein is actually made in Cincinnati, so that they can represent a true locally made product that they have brewed. It wouldn't hurt to let in some other great breweries such as Great Lakes, Bell's or Stone Brewing.Findlay Market has a great, vibrant atmosphere that still has not even began to approach it's true potential. I would like to see a few more eatery options, similar to what you see at Columbus's North Market. But Findlay beats them hands down for great produce, and other unprepared foods. When they have live music, it's better too. Findlay Market is a true Cincinnati gem.
<review# 1104,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2011,9/22/2011,278,854,3,2,4>Most of us that have grown up here know that this fireworks display is pretty much the standard by which all others are judged. While I won't go into detail about the actual fireworks, I will provide some tips I've come to learn over the many years of attending this event. You may notice people that make a day of it and go the day before and camp out or leave a taped down tarp or blanket to "mark their spot". I for one, think this is a little ridiculous, unless they actually camp out and live there, I don't think people should be able to squat on a spot (and I've seen people take other people's spots anyways). So what do I do in prep for the big show? Hang out with friends and enjoy the day (or air conditioning) instead. Life is short and I don't want to spend it sitting on a blanket waiting and waiting...What my group (which has ranged in size from 2-40) has found to work is to either take a party bus down to the river (either KY or OH side) and just walk right in about 20-30 minutes prior to the start (9:05PM this year) and just find a spot. Yes, you will probably not all sit/stand together, but you'll be looking up at the fireworks anyway. (have a designated spot to reconvene post fireworks)Doing the last minute approach will of course put you in contact with the people that have been out in the sun (or in 2011 rain, yuck!) for 10+ hours not drinking and eating what they should, so you need to be careful when and where you are aggressive or confrontational. Having a big guy in your group can be helpful in wading through the crowds.Since I am a photographer, I have a tripod and all that stuff to setup, so I have to find places that are not completely surrounded by people. Luckily, even when smack dab in the center of the Serpentine Wall walkway, I have been able to do so. Just keep your eyes peeled and there will be spots where, for some unknown reason, no one is around.Once the fireworks start, people stand in awe of the BOOMING explosions happening waaaay too close to them, and everyone hollers the proverbial oohs and ahhs. Take a few seconds to look around at the crowd's faces and mix of people. The fireworks are of course synced to WEBN and in this age of iPods and other PMP's, not many people have actual radios and the music is often hard to hear. To prevent not being able to hear the music one thing you can do (if you have a smart phone) is use the iHeartRadio app and stream the station. Another option is to look for "that guy" in the cutoff tshirt that has the sweet boombox from 1986 that runs off 16 D batteries blasting the music. I guarantee you will be able to hear him before you see him. Maybe slip him a five as a token of your appreciation. He may even let you hold the boombox and you can reenact John Cusack in Say Anything. I dare you.Most importantly, enjoy the fireworks. They are always over before you know it. After the fireworks are over, do not rush out, wait for the massive throng to disperse/collapse and then casually saunter back to your (sober!) ride or drinking establishment and talk about your favorite part of the fireworks. (Or run full speed to the bathroom since you have been holding it since they started.)
<review# 1105,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/23/2010,9/21/2011,16,42,3,3,3>Mmm mmm good! Teranga is one of my favorite ethnic restaurants in town. Teranga offers a huge lunch for only $6. Their lunch menu changes from day to day so check their website to plan your visit. I have eaten there a couple times and either left food uneaten or was super stuffed for the rest of the day. So plan on bringing home a doggie bag. My favorite lunch is the Thiebou Djeun. It's a fish dish served with veggies over a mountain of well seasoned rice. It also came with a roasted habanero pepper on the side. I love spicy food, but if you don't you can just leave it or ask them to hold it. My friend once got the whole grilled talapia. (This is a dinner menu item) It was visually stunning and very tasty. It will be my first choice next time I go for dinner.(I have a picture of it, but can't figure out how to post it yet)  And always order the plantains! They are so good. Their subtle sweetness and earthy texture are the perfect complement to Teranga's fare.
<review# 1106,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/21/2011,9/20/2011,38,153,4,3,3>I feel like I've stumbled onto some sort of fabulous secret--a true, real to life middle Eastern restaurant in ERLANGER?  You can rub your eyes to see if it's a mirage, but no joke--it exists, and it's wonderful.  It's so wonderful that, because of the location, I'm afraid it will cease to exist if I don't yell about it from the rooftops!   Parking and walking up to the building, it's a rather non-descript older restaurant front in front of those old motels on Donaldson Rd. I recall this being a number of really no-count food establishments.  Once inside, you enter a room with a gorgeous, dark wood bar, and a beautifully decorated restaurant in reds and golds. Woven carpets on the walls, gilded, framed art and the divine spices and smells of the middle Eastern countries.  The bartender was very welcoming, and we were seated at a table near the back of the restaurant--quite a few folks already eating at 7:30.  It was so hot last night, I really wanted something light, so I ordered the hummus and vegetable plate, which was really large and I took half home.  Very, very good hummus--you forget what hummus actually tastes like when all you have are grocery store options!!  I ordered my daughter the falafel (and I sampled it, too) and it was also really quite good--no mixes, here.  Hand made patties, with lots of texture.  The presentation of the food was gorgeous, and though it was well executed, we didn't wait forever, either.  And, even though it was hot, I grew more and more jealous of my friend's meal as the evening crept on.  He ordered Chicken and Hummus, served with rice with slivered almonds and parsley; the chicken was grilled and tender, and full of spices and flavor.  Next time...that's what I'm getting!  Or any of the myriad of other wonderful sounding choices.  They even have fresh veggie and fruit juice combinations (we got carrot and apple).  Ample vegetarian selections, as well. Our server was new, still learning the ropes, so we did have to ask for pita (after seeing the table behind us get some without asking) and we did seem to have to remind her for water refills, the box, and the check, but, by that time, the owner and his wife had also come by many times to check on us and apologize for her inconsistencies.  We were by no means irritated--she's new--we're easy.   The owners were incredibly gracious, and especially kind to my 2 and half year old--we talked about the joys of toddlerhood (with some sarcasm :)).  They brought her some homemade baklava and another finger dessert to go, on the house.  She ate the baklava when home, and mom ate the other finger dessert!  The desserts were wonderful, just like our total experience. We'll be back, for sure--you should go! I
<review# 1107,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2011,9/19/2011,106,1,10,4,5>Is it Monday?Are you being held in prison by Commissioner Gordon and Batman after a failed heist involving massive amounts of M&Ms and explosives?If the answer to the first question is yes and the second question is no, then you have NO excuse for not being at Keystone Grill for half price Mac Monday*.Why do I make this a requirement, you ask?Well, for several reasons:1. They put EVERYTHING on mac'n'cheese. Do you refuse to eat anything that doesn't have bacon on it? Well, they have you covered. Are you some kind of health nut who only eats spinach and sun-dried tomatoes? Again, they have you covered. It's scientifically* proven that macaroni soaked in a luscious cheese sauce is a 500% better vector for both bacon and sun-dried tomatoes than anything else in existence. 2. It's HALF PRICE. This means I get two meals for a total of $3.50. Okay, so I eat less than the average bear, but it's still a lot of macaroni for a low price. 3. Possibly coincidentally, Keystone's street always has the best people-watching in Kentucky. One day we got to see people raking leaves with their hands. Another day we witnessed a man using a saw to cut a board he was holding in midair. Yes, this probably has nothing to do with the restaurant itself, but do you want to risk missing these daring feats of natural selection? I think not.*Okay, this is a slight exaggeration. Other valid excuses exist. But they mostly involve being gluten free or being attacked by velociraptors. If you're in either of these situations, then you probably already know that Keystone isn't the place for you.*For a meaning of "scientifically" meaning absolutely not involving science in any way.
<review# 1108,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2011,9/18/2011,79,1047,4,6,4>It's been about three months since my last glowing review of Fusian. In fact, it was still Soho Sushi back then! My how times have changed!I eat here at least once a week. All of the staff knows me by name and remembers details of my life. If Josh (one of the owners) is working, my meal even comes with a hug. I have aspirations that one day they will name a sushi roll after me. That's still in the works. The sushi remains as delicious as ever. I've moved on to spicy tuna rolls for the summer (my other favorite, crab w/ spicy mayo, is my cold-weather pick.) Pretty much everything here is good. I've even ventured outside the box to try the eel and chicken! Yum! Fusian is now offering up bubble smoothies, which are similar to bubble tea. They currently have two all-natural flavors: Raspberry Currant and Mango. I'm a mango fanatic, so of course I loved that drink. However, the Raspberry Currant took me by surprise. It may have even outshined the Mango! Like I mentioned before, EVERYTHING here is delicious.At just $7.50 for a 10-piece customizable, specialty sushi roll, and $3.00 for the smoothies, Fusian is my favorite place to eat in Cincinnati.
<review# 1109,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2010,9/17/2011,64,20,,8,4>This is a small place tucked into a strip mall. It looks like any one of a thousand places like it.It's not.This is Latin American street food at its best.  If we were in a different climate the front of the place would be open to the street so you order at a counter and be on your way in a hurry.  The food is simple, but expertly prepared. The ingredients seem to be fresh. The default tortilla is corn and (drum roll) they make them on site. On our first (of what will be many, many visits) we had tacos ($1.75 each) and Empenadas ($1.50 each).  Fillings for the tacos were beef and pork with lettuce and onions.  The empenadas were cheese, pork and chicken. Both came with a garnish of peeled cucumber.We ate our fill for under $20 (with soft drinks).  The most expensive thing on the menu is a combination of fish tacos and seafood soup ($15, if memory serves).  You order at the counter, but if you're eating-in your food will be brought to the table. Since a lot of the dishes may unfamiliar to the local palate, there are pictures of the dishes on the overhead menu like you find at a lot of Asian counter-service places. Most dishes are ala carte, though there are a variety of sides (rice, beans, yucca).  Their signature dish seems to be a rotisserie chicken. I didn't try it on the first visit, but I will be very soon.The printed menu is entirely in Spanish and the guy who was working the counter wasn't entirely fluent in speaking English (but his English was a heck of a lot better than my Spanish). There were no problems communicating, and I mention it only because I got the impression most of the business there is conducted in Spanish. I like that. I get the feeling a lot of folks who are a long way away from home come here for some comfort food.I hope this place gets so popular they have to move into a bigger place.
<review# 1110,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2011,9/16/2011,60,98,3,4,3>The first time I had gelato was in Austin, Texas. You know, since Texas is a state known for decent gelato. (It was good stuff, though!)My second experience with gelato was Dojo Gelato at a Yelp event. I think I was impressed, but the flavors didn't wow me. (Though to be fair, it was around the winter holidays and one of the flavors was eggnog, which I hate.) What won me over on that occasion, other than free delicious gelato was how personable and downright awesome the guys manning the cart were. Next time I saw the Dojo Cart, I stood in a long line at a Crafty Supermarket event in Clifton and they completely got me hooked. Really, guys? Coconut curry flavor? Be still my cold, dead heart. Or no, wait, bad writing metaphor/cliché. Aflutter went my cold, dead heart with the delightful peppiness of curried coconut yumminess. Not shy about mixing flavors, I got a half coconut curry and half cherry order, and it was so delicious, I had to restrain myself from licking the last drop out of the bowl. And I am pretty sure a more shameful person would have been embarrassed with the way I cleaned the spoon afterwards.Dojo Gelato: if you see the cart, they are worth whatever they're charging and a lengthy wait (if there is one). They are also worth a follow on twitter @dojogelato. Anytime I have mentioned them, they always thank me back in such a way that it's obviously not a thank-bot. Yay for fun customer service and a delicious product!
<review# 1111,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2011,9/15/2011,64,340,,3,2>Dutch's has an incredible selection of craft beer, as good as any I have seen in Cincinnati. With the bar and outdoor patio seating, the setup is now a bit strange, but it is easy to get past. We sat out on the patio last night and enjoyed some shared beers. Ordering the beers is a bit awkward, as you have to actually leave the bar, and go around to the original front ordering window. Once you make your selections, you can take them back inside where  you can grab some glasses and then be back out on the patio. I wish that you could somehow order beers directly from a server or at the bar, but the later is reserved for wine and a few options of a even more rare beer on tap. The variety of beer easily makes up for any inconvenience that you may run into.
<review# 1112,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2011,9/14/2011,7,172,,4,2>Visited Nicola's for my birthday dinner on Saturday night.  There were many, many wonderful parts of the meal.  First, because it was my birthday I got not 1, but 2 free glasses of champagne.  So, immediately they have me on their side!  The bread basket is a work of art, it's all delicious.  We started with salads, the men both had the arugula and proscuitto salads and my friend and I each had the goat cheese salad.  The goat cheese salad was wonderful, it was very rich.  It is a big piece of goat cheese on the plate, baked or toasted, with greens on top.  It's awesome but I wish I had split it with someone because of the richness.  I would absolutely recommend this salad to start.  My husband loved his salad, there was a ton of proscuitto on the bottom with arugula and a citrusy vinaigrette on the top.We split 2 pasta dishes between the 4 of us for the second course.  The gnocchi with four cheese fondue is heaven.  I have had this every time I've been to Nicola's, it is amazing.  We also tried the agnolotti with veal, which, on it's own, is delicious but pales in comparison to the gnocchi.For entrees, two of us had the beef tenderloin caprese.  It was delicious, big hunks of fresh mozzerella and lots of fresh tomatoes and basil, and the beef was very tender.  My only complaint is that my tenderloin actually had some fatty/gristle areas, and no good tenderloin (for $44) should have any fat or gristle, IMO.  My husband had a special, which was a New York Strip, and the flavors were amazing.  The fourth entree we tried was the Berkshire pork, and it got great reviews from everyone who tried it.We also got dessert, and this was really the only thing that disappointed me.  They were measly, very small, and expensive.  I ordered a $12 vanilla panna cotta, and it literally was a thin tube of panna cotta on a plate (it looked EXACTLY like a string cheese, which is what my husband called it all night).  Very disappointing for the price. Good wine list, gigantic Italian section, although we went with a Stag's Leap Artemis Cabernet because it's a favorite.  Also good cocktails throughout the night.Overall, Nicola's is a fabulous place for a special occasion or big night out.
<review# 1113,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2011,9/13/2011,130,38,,3,3>Bobs Auto Repair is your local auto repair shop.  When i lived on the east side of time, this was my go-to place when my car wasnt functioning correctly. I never feel like i can trust mechanic shops, as i dont know anything about cars, so I have no idea if I am being taken advantage of with price. I have never felt this way about Bobs.The first time i visited Bobs was when my Car was making a horrible sound. I took it to a few local chain places. One quoted me 400 dollars and another quoted 900 for two different diagnosis's and two different sets of parts. When I took it into Bob's They immediately took a look while I waited a quoted me 50 dollars to weld a missing screw back on. 50 bucks! not 900! I was very impressed.I also take my vehicle to Bob's for my basic car needs, Oil changes, batteries, tune ups etc. During these services, Ive never been pressured to buy things or have unnecessary services done on my car. Their a little out of the way, if you arnt on the east side of town and their waiting room could use a place to sit, but you will find the staff incredibly friendly and helpful and their service fast.
<review# 1114,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2011,9/12/2011,48,45,2,3,3>Putting up with a little coziness is worth it!This is my new favorite restaurant in the city.  Period.  End of story.  And it is going to take a lot to knock it off that perch.I'm a bit of an amateur foodie, so I don't usually do this, but let's start with a side dish, shall we?  The tater tot casserole is not only an ingenious idea, but is one of the most delicious things I've ever eaten.The portions of all their dishes are perfect.  To be quite honest, I'm tired of restaurants equating value with portions that could feed entire third world countries.  Sometimes less (or in the case, perfect) portions is more.On the flip side, my girlfriend was has impressed with her vegetarian meal as I was with my non-veg entree (and the aforementioned casserole).  It is a BYOB or BYOW joint.  Being my first trip to the restaurant, I was not aware of this.  However, not a problem.  They were happy to direct me to the wine shop just around the corner, where I could pick some up.As impressed as I was with the food, it was so much better when the check arrived.  All entrees run right around $10.  So when you get that small slip of paper at the end of the evening (yeah, that one that usually gives you heartburn on contact with your fingers), it was refreshing to see that my wallet wasn't going to take its usual beating.The only drawback is the size of the place.  Let's not beat around the bush.  It is tiny.  And you will be sitting in close proximity, most likely, with people you have never met.  But for the food and the value, it is easy to put up with a little "New York style" seating.
<review# 1115,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2011,9/11/2011,16,39,1,4,4>Things Pho Lang Thang is not: the rather ubiquitous numbered pho places (Pho 1-100, take your pick) found in on the West Coast, Texas,  NOVA/DC and anywhere else with large Vietnamese populations. It's not the typical joint with lightning-fast service, 10+ combinations of Pho for about $5-6 a pop and the bin of chopsticks, saucers and Asian spoons at table side. What Pho Lang Thang is, however, is perhaps one of the best pho places in this city, if not the only place that can claim to serve a true bowl of pho.Any devotee to pho (and noodles in general) knows that the consistency of the noodles and the depth of the broth are perhaps two of the most important things that can separate a great joint for a run of the mill sort of a place. Pho Lang Thang keeps the noodles tight, by which I mean they have a nice springy bite, while the broth is nicely seasoned but is a bit lacking in those developed flavors that some of my favorite places have. Also, it runs a bit on the sweet side for what I'm used to. Having said all that, it's still a good bowl. The basic options for pho are all here: rare flank, brisket, beef balls and tripe are on the menu and the usual condiments of Thai basil, cilantro, limes, chilis, and bean sprouts are on hand, fresh and plentiful. Other options on the menu include a very respectable bahn mi served on a fresh, fragrant baguette, the typical garden and spring rolls, and a number of other classic Vietnamese dishes.Bowls run a bit small compared to the large bowls you would find at the aforementioned numbered pho joints, but prices are still very reasonable. When all is said and done, if you want to get your fix then Pho Lang Thang has you covered, and if you're unacquainted to the dish and other Vietnamese staples, then Pho Lang Thang is a good place to start.
<review# 1116,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2011,9/10/2011,39,35,5,6,8>If this isn't the best happy hour in the city, it is the best happy hour in the city that you don't know about.Why do you want to sit in a stuffy hotel bar, paying too much for drinks, nibbling on mediocre food after a long day of desk jockeying? You don't. And this "hotel" bar is none of those things."But it's a hotel bar!" you protest. Yes, yes it is - and it features *the best* art deco décor that you will find in Cincinnati. Brazilian Rosewood? You can't get that any more. Also, jazz on the weekends. Need I say more? Yes? Ok, ask about the walking tour. "But hotel bars are expensive!" you protest. "And not very good," you amend. Wrong again, kiddo. Here's a secret - they've a happy hour menu that will knock your socks off and make your wallet happy. Try martinis for $5. Not a typo: $5. And that's not the well, either - we're talking Belvedere, Chopan, the good stuff. Wine, gotcha covered. Beer, less selection, but you'll find something nice. All of these treats and more are on special happy hour pricing."But I'm hungry!" you whine. Here's another secret: That kitchen back there, you know, for Orchid's - the one that keeps winning award after award, accolade after accolade - that's who makes your "bar food." Their Brussels sprout salad is like crack, except with Brussels sprouts and Shrimp. Speaking of shrimp - shrimp skewers. Speaking of skewers - beef skewers. All of these treats and more are on special happy hour pricing. (Is there an echo in here?)On top of all this, you've a crack team dedicated to making your experience pleasurable. Friendly, knowledgeable and attractive, the staff here is the bee's knees. They even have a twitter: @BarPalmCourtBut don't take my word for it. Seriously. Go somewhere else and leave this treasure to me.
<review# 1117,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2011,9/9/2011,82,119,,3,2>I've been here on two occasions...once with drinks and no food and the other for food and no drinks...I will definitely be back to finally combine the two. On our first visit, the place had a decent selection of beers and drinks. On our second trip, we discovered some pretty decent bar food. Luckily our second trip was also on a beautiful day so we were able to enjoy their back patio. (The patio does apparently closes at 11pm to keep the noise down for the area residents.) There are some great specials during the week. Monday offers half off wings and buy one app get one half off and a pizza deal. I also noticed they have a burger deal on Tuesdays. My burger was tasty as were our wings....and I can't express my happiness when a place offers tater tots as a side. Husband had something called a "pizzarito." He said it was "legit." I don't know what a legit pizzarito is, but apparently Wooster Tavern has them.There is apparently a new management team and lower prices - but since this was our first time experiencing the food - I can't compare it to the previous regime. It definitely seems to be a laid back spot and worth checking out if you are in the area, especially on a nice day to enjoy the patio.
<review# 1118,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2011,9/8/2011,74,223,,2,1>This vintage store is huge and very well organized. There are top of the line, pricey items such as Gucci purses, Chanel shoes, and Cynthia Rowley clothes. But there's also a cheaper section too with $5-$10 tops. There are a ton of shoes, bags, and any kind of clothing piece you'd want at this place. But the jewelry section was minimal. The employee was very helpful and you are able to bargain a little to get prices down. Great location at this place too; just a few blocks from Atomic Number 10.
<review# 1119,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2010,9/7/2011,129,127,3,4,2>I'm in love.Don't tell my boyfriend, but I'm leaving him for Neon's.  Actually, I probably won't have to give him up, because he likes it too.  And so do the rest of our friends.  And so do their dogs, because they're allowed on the patio.  Awesome.Neon's is a fabulous place to spend an evening having a great beer in an amazing courtyard.  The added entertainment of watching my friends attempt to play Bocce is all I need to complete an evening.One of my favorite things about Neon's, though, is their staff.  Their willingness to work with Cincinnati Habitat for Humanity Young professionals for our July Happy Hour (Also my 31st birthday party) was outstanding.  They gave us a great deal, which allowed us to raise over $1,000 for our organization.  We will DEFINITELY be back  there for an event this fall or next spring!It's definitely the best outdoor patio in the city, but the inside is small, cramped and the temperature is terrible.  I fear that I will be losing my favorite spot when the cold winds of winter plague this city. :(
<review# 1120,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2011,9/6/2011,189,158,4,4,4>Wait, what? How have I not reviewed Tucker's yet? I swear I thought I had. I've probably been to this restaurant more than any other since we moved here 8 months ago.The main reason I'm a fan is that this place has been here consistently for a long time. It's probably the ONLY reason non-OtR people ever set foot on that section of Vine St., and for that I'm thankful. I love seeing Joe and Carla Tucker (and Mom Tucker) every time I'm in there!But, I'm also a fan of the food. To be honest, there are several things I don't like (not a fan of the eggs at all), but there are several things that keep me coming back. One is a special...they usually only have it on weekends and I'm not sure if it's even every weekend...but if you are there and shrimp & grits is on the menu--GET IT. Shrimp, grits, pieces of bacon...oh Lord have mercy that is good eating! We had it about a week after moving here from the west coast...and it was so good and reminded me of my Southern Heritage so much I almost broke down and cried right there at the booth. Something they have every day is biscuits & gravy. Again, one of the things that makes me realize how close we are to Kentucky and the South--they do a great version and it's a big pile of rib-sticking food for a good price.As others have said--it's not a quick-eating kind of place. Service is slow...but that's part of it. If you are type-A personality you probably won't like it anyway, so just don't go. But if you'd like to enjoy your food, enjoy your community, and thank local shop-owners for staying in a difficult area for many years--then you should head down there next chance you get. I'll probably see you there!
<review# 1121,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2011,9/5/2011,68,19,,1,2>This is the place in Mt Adams for hanging out and having drinks. Wonderful atmosphere inside and out with cute patio outside and cozy bar inside. I love being outside in the summer and look forward to drinking hot tatis in the winter with the fireplace fuming.There is live music every night and each time I have been there it has been spot on and enjoyable.Service is friendly and attentive and the bouncer remembered my name after going three times. Drinks are well made and there is a decent beer list, not the best tap list though.Overall this is my place of choice for a night out on the hill.
<review# 1122,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2011,9/4/2011,156,239,,3,2>We're trying to lose some weight. What does this have to do with ribs? Well, this past weekend was the All-You-Can Eat Ribs weekend at Montgomery Inn. I knew how that would turn out. Pat would have eaten about 2 slabs of ribs. I was able to talk him into trying The Classy Pig instead. Portion Control!Pat grew up in Ludlow about a block away from the Classy Pig. We arrived for dinner to a warm welcome.I ordered the side salad with champagne vinaigrette. Pretty tasty, romaine lettuce, red onion, tomato, dried cranberry. I inquired on the dressing, it's not house made but it was very good.I ordered the brisket sandwich with corn pudding and fresh cut green beans. I'll admit if I see the words "fresh cut green beans" on a menu, I am very skeptical. In this case they were 100% honest. These were fresh young green beans with a fresh snap to them in a little bit of a garlic sautee. Very delicious and fresh. The corn pudding was very delicious, it was a corn bread/corn pudding very sweet and hearty. It was some of the best corn pudding I've ever had.Here's the inside of the brisket sandwich. It was very tasty. It had a slight peppery flavor to it, a wonderful smoky flavor and it was incredibly juicy. They further made my day by toasting the bun preventing sogginess. This was some of the best brisket I've ever had.Pat ordered the half slab of ribs with fries and macaroni and cheese. He enjoyed the fries and macaroni and cheese. Their ribs were just as well flavored as the brisket and very large hearty portions. Their sauce is another high point. I inquired on it and they told me that like the sides and desserts that it was house made. There were occasional bits of onion in the sauce which accounted for the sweetness. It was beautiful and dark and a great consistency.This was a welcomed surprise and I will definitely be back again. I would really like to try their fresh ground burgers.
<review# 1123,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2011,9/3/2011,132,68,,7,5>Japps has revived two artful traditions when it comes to bars--The art of mixology and the art of conversation. Opened by the amazing Molly Wellmann, Japps has numerous mixologists of only the highest caliber behind the bar, backed by the best choice of alcohol around. Yes, you can come here to get your "usual" but the best thing to get here is something new. Honestly, the best way to get a drink here is to choose your alcohol of choice and just let them surprise you. Or, if you're in the mood for something, just explain to them what kind of flavor you want, and let them work their magic. Once they've done their thing and hand you you're drink, they even go into telling you what is in it and the history behind your drink.Once you have your drink in hand, sit down with some of your closest and have a good ol' conversation. Yeah, I said it...a conversation. You see, there are no TVs in Japps. None. At. All. And that is a great thing in my opinion. I always hate going to a bar, trying to talk over the tv, or the band, or the DJ. It's a giant pain in the ass. Now, it's not silent in Japps. If you get past the white noise of people chatting it up, there is music playing and they even have a jukebox, but I've never seen anybody use it. I don't blame them one bit either. I would much rather sit down with friends and enjoy their company.So if you've grown weary of the typical bar with bud light everywhere and you want a classic bar, with proper drinks and amazing conversation, go to Japps. You will not be disappointed.
<review# 1124,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2011,9/2/2011,15,36,3,4,3>The Skinny Pig is a hip little spot where vegetarians and omnivores can dine together.I love the location on Woodburn Ave. It's in a great little nook of the city, tucked between E. McMillan and Madison. It's actually across from this crazy looking tool rental building whose facade looks like an old western town. It's an eyesore, but it's one of the weird, quirky things I love about Cincy.The Skinny Pig is tiny. There are about seven tables that seat four people each.  It was like having a meal in a friend's dining room while they cook and talk to you in the kitchen.The kale salad was citrusy and delightful. It had lots of pepitas an fruits and had no overly-bitter bite that kale sometimes has. My friend and I shared the salad and the artichoke/asparagus flatbread. The chef was happy to split everything on two plates. The flatbread was good, but the star of the of the meal, for me, was the salad.We also tried the cinnamon flat bread dessert which has bananas, chocolate syrup and peanut butter. I love all those things, but there was too much peanut butter and chocolate on it for me to handle. The waitress also brought us out their soft-serve ice cream with Oreo cookies to try.  It was really good, and fit better with the meal we had just ate.
<review# 1125,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2011,9/1/2011,66,34,7,2,3>Dear Pepper Pod,I know I have not been completely faithful to you. I will be honest and tell you that I have repeatedly visited other establishments. You probably know them, Joe's Diner and The Anchor Grill. Now I know this may come as a shock, and for that I humbly apologize. I never meant to hurt you.  It's just that I had never experienced greasy spoon diner food and I wanted to try everything there is to offer. I'm young, I have to try new things. Just because I started with the best doesn't meant I didn't want to try second best and even the worst. I need experiences and even though you're fantastic, I had to spread my wings.Having said that, I have flown around. A lot. I've been around the block and sampled what is out there. It doesn't compare to you. The 24 hour diner with always hot coffee and a friendly face is rare. You have that going for you. Immeasurable opportunities to people watch is one of the main reasons I keep going back.  You have an eclectic clientele that isn't just full of drunk college kids, but townies, hipsters, art folks, and everything in between.You're everything I ever wanted in a diner and I'm sorry I strayed from you. Please take me back?Love,Christopher
<review# 1126,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2011,8/31/2011,340,494,1,2,3>A bunch of hot girls in skimpy clothes beating the crap out of each other... Seriously what could be better?! Oh yeah $1 beer! thats right, DOLLAR BEER!!!Even if you have no idea what Roller Derby is or have the slightest clue how its played, or you've attended every bout and think maybe you almost have it figured out, it doesn't matter. You'll never really learn the rules/scoring till you play, but its still awesome to watch!In a nutshell, the 2 players that start at the back of the pack (with stars on their helmets) need to get through said pack before the other team in order to score the most points. They get points for everyone they pass in the 2 minute round. The person who breaks through the pack first has the ability to stop the round though before 2 minutes if they feel like it. Normally if the other team is hot on her heels, or she finally just feels sorry for them and decides to cut them a break. Its in the Gardens so it gets unbearably hot in the summer. Be forewarned. But the bonus is you can tailgate and grill out and drink in the parking lot before hand and then get inside for $1 beers til 7pm (only 2 at a time, so have a buddy to hand off to ;) ) There are 2 games, basically like high school with the JV and the Varsity team. Floor seats are a bit more expensive, but not by more than a few dollars, and really get you in the action, and give you the ability to help with the DEElightamid, or the beer can pyramid thats set up every match on a corner, just waiting on someone to get knocked off the track and into it!Seriously! If you haven't gone yet... GO!! Even if you don't know much about the sport or what the heck is even going on, it doesn't matter. They have fun, the awesome mascot throws out free shit and you get $1 beers and watch girls knock each other around... do you seriously need anymore reasons?!
<review# 1127,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2011,8/29/2011,58,439,2,3,2>I love the horse-themed decor of this place and the interior feels both comfortable and upscale at the same time. I've been here multiple times, for dinner, brunch, and most recently--weekday lunch and have had 3-4 star experiences each time. I'm going with 4 stars overall because my latest experience was pretty strong.The menu definitely looked different--more updated--than on previous visits and there were many items that looked good for lunch. I went with the Alsatian Chicken Salad which had a grilled chicken breast, apple slivers, candied walnuts, blue cheese, etc. All of the components worked well together, including the apple cider vinaigrette, and seemed fresh & high quality. It was a large size and quite filling for a lunch salad ($13) and I liked the wooden bowl it came in. Our server was attentive, slightly awkward but nice. There was a momentary mix up when the food was brought out, but relatively quickly straightened out. Really the only thing that I would have changed would be to turn down the blaring pop music, which seemed out of place and was too loud for conversation.
<review# 1128,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2011,8/28/2011,181,524,4,5,3>If you want to know whether trekking out 20+ minutes out of the downtown area to a Peruvian restaurant randomly housed in an old chain restaurant building is worth it: it is. Huge menu and really good food. I'm not going to lie: the building is a little run down and could use a brush up, but I'm not sure I care a lot when I can get a huge portion of delicious food for a great price.The boiled potato with onion salad was a tasty appetizer: think mashed potato fried in a potato shaped ball, though since it was just my husband and I, we really didn't need it. Our meals were huge. The husband got the traditional seafood stew that was full of tasty seafood and very flavorful. I ordered the steak with two eggs.. which was pretty much two meals. Two thin, zesty pieces of steak topped with two fried eggs over a mountain of rice, fries, and fried plantains. So delicious. To top it off, the green sauce is great on everything with a nice kick to it. Really worth the trip if you want to try something different from the usual Cincinnati fare. The restaurant is pretty big so can seat large groups, and service wasn't anything incredible but nothing to complain about, either.
<review# 1129,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2011,8/27/2011,150,417,7,6,4>I used to be a compulsive, "Hey! That's free so I need it," type of person and Craigslist was my preferred vice at that time. One day in particular I was feeding my freebie addiction and I came across a yard sale with free things and discounted treasures that a hoarder like myself could never live without. I went to the yardsale, and any good hoarder knows that the next best thing to free is cheap. Especially when it's something that you must have, but can also use. I walked into this old barn at a church in Millville, OH and found something that made my little heart go pitter patter. It was a baby grand piano. Now, I've never played the piano in my life, but I'm a dreamer and my mind portrayed a grand scheme of me learning to play and composing masterpieces so beautiful Beethoven would cry! Even though he was deaf he'd magically hear my playing from his grave and would be proud as my fingers mastered those ivories. Ok, so I'm also delusional, but I still know a good deal when I find one. I ran my fingers over those keys and came across the gritty piece of box tape with a price crudely written with a sharpie. "$50" Wait.. is that missing a 0? No, it was not and I became the proud owner of a baby grand piano that day. I walked out of there to my Chevy Cavalier and realized.... I had no way to get this bargain home. How could I make Beethoven proud from a dusty barn? I told the yard sale guy I'd figure it out in the next day and would be back to pick up my treasure. I searched piano movers and came across this company. I gave them a call & they still made my bargain a deal that couldn't be beat. They moved my piano from Millville to Mt. Healthy. Not only did they move it that far, they had two sets of steps to carry that bad boy up. The treated my piano as if it were a baby and she was put back together with love. They couldn't believe I got such a great deal and even told me some things I could do to make the piano better. These guys were great in every way! I wish I had another piano just so I could do business with them again. If you are ever in a bind to move one, or just have one and need someone to tell you what it's worth these are your guys. In some cases they can refurbish your piano or even buy it from you if you don't know what to do with it. I know this isn't a huge business that people look for, but I would give these guys ten stars if it were possible.
<review# 1130,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2011,8/26/2011,39,54,5,3,3>Full disclosure: I have consumed alcohol before. And in quantities sufficient to impair judgment, motor skills, and taste in music. I feel that this distinction qualifies me to review the Anchor, because, let's face it, I have it in common with most of the people who have ever gone there. I will therefore discuss it primarily as the place to which you order your designated driver at the end of the night. This is what Anchor Grill is for, really. You'll notice the other reviewers all commenting on how it's the place to go very, very late at night. What they're all too polite to mention (except Alex--represent, man), and what I will happily attest to in their stead, is that this is because it's the best possible place to weather your drunken stupor. It's open all night, the food is cheap and fantastic, and everybody else there is drunk, too!Really, if I can find fault with this place, it's that it just doesn't market itself correctly. It's all about down-home cookin' and delightfully rustic decor. What they should do is hang a sign outside that says "Anchor: where the party doesn't stop. Ever."There are some snags. For one thing, they don't take anything but cash. Bummer. Also, because it's such a popular hangout after the bars close, expect to wait a while for your food. But come on, the place is essentially a party on a boat (and if you're in the right condition, it even rocks like a boat!). Why rush it?And others have already beaten me to this, but seriously, two words for the first-timers: goetta omelette.
<review# 1131,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2011,8/25/2011,25,121,2,5,2>Holy wow, this is some good pizza. I also had their "seasonal" salad, the harvest salad, and was mighty impressed. The pizza I had (Socrates Revenge) was delicious, and their extensive menu of yummy-sounding pies pretty much ensures that I'll be back for another go at it.We were there on a UC game night, and the place was slammed. Even at 5:30 we had to wait about 30 minutes for a table, although in all fairness we were a party of 11. Still, it was nice that we could buy beers at the bar and drink them while we waited. I was impressed with their craft beer selection - a Bell's seasonal, Left Hand's Milk Stout (one of my faves), and a couple of other goodies including Dewey's own house brew.My one complaint was the service - not that it was bad, but that it was...jumbled. Our server offered to split our checks (hella nice of him, and I tipped accordingly), but it was hard for him to keep track of things because *other* servers kept coming by and taking drink orders. I guess that's their MO, and it did make the beers come faster, but I felt bad for our poor waiter when we had to ask that the bills be re-calculated because beers had been put on the wrong check, etc.The Clifton locale is cute, and I'm looking forward to checking out the Deweys (Deweyses?) in Oakley and Newport, too.
<review# 1132,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2011,8/24/2011,125,159,2,4,1>After some members of our entourage were denied entrance to some other establishments along the Mainstrasse (really Covington?) our party settled into the Village Pub latenight and I'm glad we did!!The crowd was well into their buzzes when we arrived in this classic hippie-ish bar.   Good tunes, good mix of patrons, cheap drinks.   Old school bar with a homey feeling.  Don't remember everything, but they were friendly, didn't kick out our drunk friend, and it was a nice mellow capper to a fun night bar crawling around the area!  Bravo Mainstrasse!
<review# 1133,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2011,8/23/2011,3,37,,1,1>Yagoot is a fantastic place to get some of the best dessert in town. When thinking of going out for ice cream, you should not discount this place. Even though it is yogurt, it is probably the best alternative to going to Graeter's or Aglamesis. Don't get me wrong, I am a big fan of both of the other places (especially the latter), but I find Yagoot's yogurt offerings so much more refreshing and healthier for you. Add to that  the fresh pieces of mango, kiwi, raspberries or a whole host of other fruits or candy pieces if you prefer that and it takes the yogurt over the top.I took my nieces here last week and they absolutely loved it. I have gone with my family, my girlfriend and my friends. I have never once heard anyone said they don't like what they have gotten here. It is relatively inexpensive and the young people working behind the counter are always friendly, helpful and prompt. Any long lines move very quickly.The only down side to Yagoot is that I can't eat it every day. Long story short, Try it!!! You won't be disappointed.
<review# 1134,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2011,8/22/2011,24,155,2,5,4>Gordo's Pub occupies the old Rib City Barbecue Location at the end of the retail strip of Jungle Jim's Market.  My wife, mother and I dined here for a late lunch and found the food to be quite good. They both ordered the battered fish sandwich and I had the Hawaiian burger. All were good and my burger was huge. I especially love a place that will cook a burger to order (medium rare in my case) and they did not disappoint. A bit pricey for the area. While I didn't indulge on this trip, they do seem to have an extensive beer selection. Overall a pleasant experience. I hope they are able to gain a following, as the location is a bit off the beaten path of traffic. Jungle Jim's gets very busy, but they are tucked away in a bit of a hidden corner. Definitely worth a try if you are in the Fairfield area.
<review# 1135,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2011,8/21/2011,201,516,6,5,3>TWO Tom + Chee locations??? TWO??? Are you absolutely MAD???*inhale**exhale*Okay, so... I've wholeheartedly confessed my adoration of Tom + Chee in my review of their Court St. location. My love is still strong - if not stronger! - now that I've gotten the chance to eat at their new Newport (new-squared port?) spot!Though I haven't reached the level of fandom to have the Court St. menu memorized, I'm almost positive Newport's Tom + Chee has more unique sandwich choices, complete with fun names for each. I had the Spicy Beef (roast beef, pepper jack, american, roasted peppers, and jalapeno chips on sourdough) which was fan-freakin'-tastic. My boyfriend predictably got The Italian and, as usual, he loved it.Though none of this was a surprise to me, what I did enjoy were three things the Court St. location doesn't have: 1) Refill-your-own soda fountains, 2) abundant seating, and 3) TVs.I enjoy the charm of the downtown Tom + Chee but my boyfriend and I are in agreement about the Newport location: this is our new go-to spot for dinner before/after a movie at AMC Newport!
<review# 1136,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2011,8/20/2011,96,121,3,6,3>Colonial's a good word. It triggers thoughts of a simpler time - of a young, up and coming America, with good ol' southern cooking.Also Battlestar Galactica.I had been to Colonial Cottage a few times before, and always had a good enough time. Recently Paige M. drug me along to the chicken dinner, so I figured a review was in order. And I have to say, if you're going to be drug to anything, a chicken dinner is a pretty good destination.So the first thing I have to say about CC, if you're going to get goetta, they serve up the best goetta around. That alone is worth five stars, and they're also a big deal at Goettafest. If you're looking to show an out of towner our local delicacy, this is the place to do it.But the rest of their food is also solid. Commenting on their chicken dinner, the chicken was great, but especially the mashed potatoes. They were just creamy enough, and the gravy was awesome. The green beans I felt needed a dash of salt, but that's easy enough to accomplish. They also have a rewards card that gives you $10 off after you spend $100. That's pretty cool.Plus, how many cottages have you eaten at lately? Yeah. That's what I thought.
<review# 1137,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2011,8/19/2011,112,150,1,5,5>Edies' Vintage Rose Room might be the best kept secret of  Cincinnati's growing vintage scene and I really want to be selfish and keep it all to myself!!I'm probably safe since it is on the west side, in particular Cheviot, and most folks aren't willing to travel here for anything! Edie's Vintage Shop is run by none other than, Edie and she keeps the shop clean, organized, and charming. I feel like I've been invited to tea instead of shopping whenever I have gone in. She has an amazing array of vintage hats in all shapes, styles, and colors and she gives you her honest feedback when you try them on. Of course, with tons of charm!! Adding sweetie and bless your heart to the end of any statement always softens the blow!Make sure you bring cash though as Edie doesn't take credit cards. She will hold your items while you run to the ATM though. She also keeps different hours, I think only open Wed-Sat. Not sure about Sunday. I have shown up on a Saturday before and been told by the shop owners next store that she was on vacation. So please call ahead if you are willing to drive to Cheviot or just head somewhere else and let me keep Edie all to myself! : )
<review# 1138,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2011,8/18/2011,24,49,3,8,2>I'm not picky about my hair. I get my haircut when I look in the mirror and realize, "OH MY GOD, ASHLEY, IT'S BEEN A YEAR SINCE YOU LAST CUT YOUR HAIR! YOU LOOK LIKE A CRAZY PERSON!" But, I may not be a stickler on hair, but I am a stickler for customer service, and Mi Salon & Spa has won me over on both! That's right, not only are their employees and technicians amazing, but they may make a hair person out of me yet!I mean, it's hard to keep being nonchalant about how my hair looks after getting fabulous cut after fabulous cut!There are a lot of things I love about this salon and now I am going to list them:1. Easy to access right off KY 18 with a ton of parking. Love the convenience of it!2. Speaking of convenience I called this morning and got in this afternoon. Can't do much better than that!3. No matter who has cute my hair (and I usually have someone different each time) my haircut has been great! That's saying a lot about the training they provide and the quality of people they hire!4. Their products smell great. What? They do!5. You can get your haircut for UNDER $30! Now this amazes me! Especially when you factor in the quality of the salon (high), the friendliness of the employees (great), the quality of the haircut (phenomenal) and the knowledge of the staff (outstanding)!6. They are as quick as you need/want them to be! Today I got my hair washed, cut, blown dried and styled IN 20 MINUTES. I WAS IN AND OUT IN 30 MINUTES TOTAL. I told them I needed a quick wash and trim and that's exactly what they delivered all with impeccable quality!Obviously I love this gem of a salon, but don't take my word for it! Check it out yourself! I'm sure you will be as pleased as I always am!
<review# 1139,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2011,8/17/2011,113,79,6,2,4>Mom and I saw Bridesmaids at the West Chester Rave and needed a drink afterwards. West Chester, at least as I know it, is not a hotbed of great bars. I was afraid we'd end up at Red Robin, drinking over-sweet tiki drinks as the staff of annoyed teenagers shot us angry looks for staying so late.We consulted the Yelp and found Wise Owl. I had concerns. Would it be filled with cougars? The West Chester elite decked out in their finest Lilly Pulitzer? I fear West Chester bars the way most people in West Chester think they're going to get jumped if they go to Neons. Anyway the bar was maybe half full. We stepped in and the host greeted us, let us know we could sit anywhere we wanted. Mom and I stepped back outside onto the small enclosed patio. The layout is a bit awkward, but I guess they had to make do with the limited space that they had. Even though Mom was basically wedged into a corner by a neighboring table, we were comfortable outside.Our server was quick and really polite. We ordered a glass each and a plate of spinach artichoke dip. I'm usually not a fan of said dip - too bland too often. This dip was not bland. There was a sharp hint of actual cheese. And - this may not seem important but it is - there was a perfect dip-to-chip ratio. First world problem, right? Ending up with TOO much artichoke dip and not enough chips? Okay it may be a little thing but I appreciated that Wise Owl gave us enough chip for our dip. Prices looked reasonable to me, the atmosphere was really pleasant and we were well taken care of. If you find yourself in West Chester you could do a lot worse than Wise Owl.
<review# 1140,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2011,8/16/2011,8,16,,3,1>Pendleton Art Center is your one stop shop for all things art!  Every art medium is represented in this 8-story mecca located in the historic Over-The-Rhine neighborhood in downtown Cincinnati.  Valet parking ensures you won't have to walk far to get a glimpse of the hundreds (yes, there are hundreds) of artists and their offerings.  There is something in everyone's price range and taste at the Pendleton.  Enjoy Final Friday or Second Look Saturday at Cincinnati's Pendleton Art Center.  Don't forget to stop over to Main Street to catch their version of Final Friday too.
<review# 1141,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2011,8/15/2011,172,180,2,4,1>First off, I think a myth needs clearing up. Senate is not that expensive.Sure, it's a trendy downtown eatery and that in and of itself entails a little bit higher price tag.I think the misconception that Senate is expensive comes from the fact that their main draw is hot dogs.We, as a people, are not accustomed to paying good money for such things. We'll shell out for a burger, but brats just aren't quite to the same expenditure level yet.Hopefully Senate will change all that.I've been there three times now, and they hit the spot both times.First I had the Trailer Park dog, (which I believe was just a straight up sausage or maybe a Mett, not a brat,) and the poutine.Both were excellent, though the poutine was unexpectedly extremely salty. More so than I think it should be.The second time I just had a chicken chorizo sausage. Both times they did not disappoint.My friend had the truffle fries, and those are also excellent.Had the night's special dog the third time but can't remember what it was.All in all, I think it's high time you broke out your wallet and checked into the Senate.
<review# 1142,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/6/2010,8/14/2011,53,54,5,9,3>For the Love of Country, get back to your roots and go to Bobby Mackey's! For almost a year now, Carrie L. and I have been talking about 2 things; ghost hunts and our love for the country. So, when her birthday rolled around this past weekend, it was only natural to plan the party around the supernatural with a twist of twang. What better way to do this than to get the gang together at Bobby Mackey's Music World for some spirits AND spirits? Of course, as any over-prepared, OCD, good friend would do before any celebration, I launched  a thorough investigation in to the history of this melodic watering hole. (Ensuring legitimacy of the theme is key for any party planner.)   Um... wow!  It passed with flying colors! And, what I love most is that the wonderful folks at this haunted hoedown not only embrace it, they invite you to be a part of it!Our first drink in, they invited the Ladies and Gents to stop in to the gift shop for a brief behind the scenes tour! That's right. I said it. There is a gift shop on the premises. In fact, while you're ordering a $3 bottle of hops and barley of your choice or a $4 well drink, this peculiar 'gift shop in a bar' sits directly behind you. I strongly encourage a game plan for this adventure. We chose to wait until we were at least 3 deep before crossing in to that shop of horrors. Ya know.. for liquid courage and all! We opted not to participate in the $10 tour this time. But, we do fully plan on coming back for the overnight ghost hunt they host about once a month. Paying money to be posessed... can I say yes?Upon arrival, we paid out $5 cover, parked ourselves in the dance floor area and people watched our way in that 'peaceful and easy feelin'. Kareoke was in full swing at the DJ booth, and so were some of the patrons on the dance floor. The mechanical bull was operating with both horns over in the game area. I've never had the pleasure of a mechanical bull experience with a pool game commencing to my right and darts on my left, but the couple double-saddling that electronic beast seemed to enjoy it. They were flashing smiles and flailing their arms around with what could only be sheer joy! I suppose it could have been terror, but it was difficult to accurately interpret facial expressions through the fog. This is a 'smoking friendly' establishment Yelpers. Pack a gas mask and goggles. And well, hey, if you're scared of ghosts, no worries, the smoke disguises them. Needless to say, despite the smoke, we found the unique, obscure experience my group so often seeks. The drinks were cold, the entertainment was top notch and we'll be looking back laughing (and coughing)  about our evening for some time to come.
<review# 1143,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2011,8/13/2011,54,44,3,5,5>The observation deck at Carew Tower is a great activity for a clear sunny day.  It's very cheap at only 2$ a person and offers great views of the surrounding city.  You can see right down into Fountain Square and see great views of the Kentucky Hills and most of the city sights.If you want to show someone around town I can't think of a better place to start off your tour, you can see everything.  It's a no frills kind of experience but how many frills do you need when you're going to the top of a building.  I've been to the top of the Sears Tower in Chicago which has a good view but is all closed off.  Few observation decks I have visited are as open as this one.  You can walk up the ledge and look out over our city and say "I can see my house from here!"I highly recommend it if you have never been or if you want to show the city to a visitor or newcomer.
<review# 1144,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2011,8/12/2011,52,61,2,3,2>Mr. Sushi is one of my favorite downtown lunch spots. I will start out by saying I'm no sushi connoisseur... unless it's terrible, I don't really notice whether sushi is fabulous or not. I just know what I like and I'm not afraid to tell people!A few of my colleagues and I had a regularly scheduled meeting on our Outlook calendars so we could make it to Mr. Sushi. If you're going for lunch during the week you definitely need to get there by 11:45 or go after 12:30 if you don't want to wait with your group. Even during that time the service is good, it's just that it's busy... especially on a Friday.I will also admit that I'm not super adventurous on their menu. Once I find something I like I tend to make it my staple so I can't comment on their full menu. In this case, I get the deluxe sushi lunch special. It comes with a spicy tuna roll (my fave!) and a chef's choice of various sushi selections. It's $13 and also comes with a house salad so that seems like a pretty good deal to me.The atmosphere of the restaurant is clean and modern which I like. I was so happy that a sushi place finally moved in downtown (although now we also have Soho this was the first one!)
<review# 1145,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2011,8/11/2011,45,172,,1,1>I used to frequent Grand Oriental on Christmas day with a friend of mine, back when she still lived in the area. I have not had a bad experience so far.For my wife's birthday, we went for the dim sum experience. I have never had dim sum, so it was totally new to me. As we sat there, they brought cart after cart by, with a variety of different items to choose from. I think the most unusual dish that visited (and that my wife tried) was jellyfish. Unfortunately, she got the luck of the draw and the jellyfish was rather spicy.The owner (or manager) was a total card. He's a wise guy and kept making funny cracks. When I let him know that I wanted to order from the regular lunch menu, he first brought out silverware (I'm chopstick ignorant), and then later jokingly made like he was going to take them away. A little light humor goes a long way towards making for an enjoyable experience.If you're looking for dim sum, or if you're looking for a decent meal, check this place out. It's well worth the visit.
<review# 1146,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2011,8/10/2011,89,141,2,5,4>Best Feature: Food, service, and price! How does it get better?! :-)Worst Feature: It's a drive for those on the east side of Cincy or in NKY.I was incredibly excited recently when finally stopping in for my first visit at Aladdin's - the Yelp reviews had really hyped it up a bit for me, and I love when I get to see how my experience compares with reviews of favorite spots in Cincinnati!We walked in and were IMMEDIATELY greeted by the manager (I think he was mgr, not sure). I noticed that for the remainder of my visit, he was always on top of greeting others in an incredibly friendly and enthusiastic manner within seconds of arriving. That in and of itself got points, but there was much more to come.We sat and ordered from the kind waitress - we decided to start with the veggie combo, which featured a lot of the appetizers all on one plate. Hummus, stuffed grape leaves, and two other delicious goodies were on our plate and the waitress, for no extra charge, gave us both a garlic-based sauce and a spicy sauce. I'm so glad we got both because they were both phenomenal and not to be missed out on!!I ordered a chicken-based dish which was essentially char-grilled curried chicken with peas, onions, and other awesomeness wrapped within a pita. Like a calzone, but more amazing. It also had a salad included as well, which was nice.My boyfriend ordered a hummus/shawarma dish with beef which was also absolutely divine.The menu selection is AMAZING - they have everything from apps to salads to dessert. If you are vegan, this place is a definite plus! They have a ton of vegan-friendly dishes.The service was great! Our waitress couldn't have been nicer; she was always refilling our waters and also was kind enough to answer a burning question during a heated Dexter debate. We may have seemed goofy to her, but she was a great sport and joined right in!The food was, hands down, some of the BEST I've EVER had. I love middle eastern cuisine, and not only was the food insanely flavorful and amazing, but they gave a great portion as well! Very filling and very delicious.I will definitely be returning! The only downside is that this is located in West Chester - not an easy trip for me, as most of my traveling doesn't take me out in that direction at all, but it is worth it!!
<review# 1147,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2011,8/9/2011,101,484,2,2,3>It's a Saturday night and we had been to a movie at the Levee (The King's Speech, no less). Now, where to go for dinner???We headed to the Buttermilk Pike exit. Outback 1.5 hour wait. Then we tried Grandview Tavern (see separate review) and ended up at this MI location. Easy to overlook as it's in a office complex. That may actually be a good thing!In its defense, we were seated before we finished our drinks at the bar and I had a dish that I'm sure I will continue to crave! Not wanting to have an expensive, outrageous meal--just dinner--my husband ordered the brisket sandwich with fries. Very yummy, just a little oversized, but certainly not a problem. I ordered the blackened scallops over salad. Ok, this isn't just a salad. It's a shredded cabbage base with blue cheese crumbles and a bacon-vinagrette dressing, topped with six blackened scallops. I'm still thinking about it days later! I'm pretty sure that it's close enough to my office that I could go there at lunch and have them divide the salad into two portions and I could eat it for two meals (planning ahead here).The only minuses: 1)  the decor is lacking. Very strip-centerish (almost antiseptic). NOT what you expect from MI. 2) The main entrees are very expensive (and include only one side). 3) The bread was like rye sandwich bread??? What's up with that?! 4) Service was slow. If it wasn't for the short wait for a table and the awesome salad, I'd probably go 3 stars, but I'm in for four!
<review# 1148,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2011,8/7/2011,120,162,3,4,1>They bill themselves as a Middle Eastern-Mediterranean Restaurant, and honestly I don't have much experience with this cuisine, but I really enjoyed what I had.There was a delicious eggplant dip that looks like a volcano on the plate.  The cone of eggplant is filled with olive oil and has red spices around the sides (again, I don't know too much about this food, aside that it was good).  The portions were more than generous with enough dip and pita wedges for two, possibly three, people.  The chicken gyro also was pretty good.  This came to about 10 or so dollars, which to me was more than reasonable.In addition to affordable food, they offer free WiFi and have outlets under each table- they  are almost directly under the tabletop, trust me they are there.  All in all if you are new to the cuisine or are looking for a quick, cheap bite to eat, then this is your place.
<review# 1149,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2011,8/6/2011,6,55,2,2,3>There's beer. There's coffee. There's food. There's power outlets to plug in your Apple Accessory of Choice. Seriously...what more could you need?Nice seating areas with a mix of couches, soft chairs and classic cafe tables. I've mostly been there at off hours (during the daytime, or Sunday evenings)...so a pretty lowkey vibe at those hours, but I think that just enhanced the experience. This is a great quirky little bar/cafe where great quirky little things like to happen. The last time I was there, a random elderly man who apparently "almost went to Julliard" asked my friend and I minded if he played us a few songs on the in-house piano. We called out songs and he played them beautifully. Pretty random, and also pretty cool. We also had a barista who was really excited to show off her newly flavor combinations for topping the coffee drinks with syrups. Sweet!
<review# 1150,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/23/2011,8/5/2011,101,324,3,6,3>I have recently moved to the area and I am finally starting to find my way around the blue grass state.  Growing up in a rural area myself I really longed for a small diner with a local feel.  I had passed this place by many times and noticed the parking lot always had several cars in the parking lot (a solid tell of something being done right.The place appears to be a house surrounded by a large gravel parking lot.    While walking I had no idea to what I was going to to encounter.   As I opened the door I could hear laughter and noticed the place was filled with regulars who have been sitting in the restaurant for hours.The decor is pretty basic - open dining  room with tables  (no counter).     The dining room set up is more about function than appearances.     If I guessed I believe it is a multipurpse room (noticed an Avon station and a guitar stand)The waitress introduced herself and knew I was not from around area since the place is not on the beaten path.   She introduced to me to Cookie the owner.    Cookie and the waitress were super warm and made em feel at home.The food is pretty basic with Breakfast and Sandwiches.   They serve the entire menu while they are open.    I brought my appetite and decided on their big breakfast (Biscuits and Sausage Gravy, Eggs, Sausage, Home Fries with onions and peppers).    The food was cooked perfectly.The cost is anywhere between $4-7.   The breakfast above would have cost me $11 at Bob Evans.If you  want a super friendly atmosphere and great breakfast food - this is it.   It is a great find and I will be back to suppot a local business.Please note this restaurant has smoking and non smoking sections.  I am removing a star but still like the place.
<review# 1151,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2010,8/4/2011,37,58,4,4,4>I'm writing this review because no one has talked about the happy hour.   Why this is, I simply do not know.  Did you know that you can get one of their delicious hot dogs and a tasty, cool and refreshing bev from the tap for a mere $6?  The Deluxe Dogs on their own cost $6, so its like getting a free beer.  And free beer always tastes better.  Happy Hour starts at 4pm, and goes to 8pm, I believe.  They have a a vegan dog if that is your thing, as well as a weekly special dog, which in the past has been a goetta (Cincinnati special--sausage plus oatmeal encased in hot dog glory...It is tasty) turkey dogs, and chorizo.  Free Ping Pong upstairs, and a pool table.  A large upstairs balcony/porch and plenty of outdoor area make for a fine evening this time of year.   Seriously worth a trip to Northside.  Cheap and very delicious, and almost every night has something going on, from the Slurring Bee (group shots between Spelling Bee rounds: Awesome) and Free Drunk Bastard Bingo on Wednesdays, replete with prizes and major awards.
<review# 1152,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2010,8/3/2011,235,393,2,3,2>I've been attending classes weekly at Main Street Yoga for about six months and have been loving it! Nancy who teaches my class is so natural and soothing with her voice and the way she teaches. It's so easy to just zone out and go with the flow peacefully and really get into the breathwork that she does.She plays this incredibly calming meditative music during the class and at the end of the class, after you emerge from your relaxation moment, you are presented with a lovely cup of tea or water with lemon (depending on the season).I've been taking the Hatha yoga class which focuses on connecting the body and the breath, but they also teach Astanga yoga on other nights as well as some specialty classes focused on certain body injuries or other ailments. If you do go - make sure you reserve a spot ahead of time, you can't really just show up to a class as they get full and she makes room for everyone.
<review# 1153,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/20/2010,8/2/2011,27,98,,5,4>Could you find a less expected location for an upscale dinner than on the ground floor of a highrise next door to a vacant and boarded apartment building? If so, I've never eaten at one. I have to admit I was very, very skeptical going into the meal, but I was happily surprised with the entire experience.As pretty much anyone who ventures out to Primavista knows, the main draw of this restaurant is the view. It is a spectacular showing of the city's western skyscape. It is extremely picturesque at night. Luckily, the windows are ceiling to floor and stretch the full length of the dining room.We got there a little after 8:00 and ordered drinks. They have a decent collection; nothing too crazy, but solid. I ordered a glass of wine, and around the table a beer and two martinis were ordered. Everyone seemed happy with them. We were also served a bread basket and some delicious roasted garlic spread. It was some good stuff.For our appetizers we ordered the mushroom risotto. It takes a half hour to make, but oh man is it ever worth it. The creaminess of it coupled with the earthiness of the mushrooms was spectacular. I would easily order this every time I visited.We ordered a bottle of wine to split and put in our entree orders. We all got veal dishes, myself getting the veal scallopini. It was served with a pretty average mixed green salad, though the gorganzola cheese I have them add give it a little boost. The veal dish was great. It was tender as veal should be, and topped with bubbly, cheesy goodness. The Polenta cake that it was served with was waaaaay to salty, but the green beans were tasty, if a little overcooked.I got an espresso martini for dessert and tried some of my table mates' chocolate martini and bread pudding. All of them were delicious.Great food with a great view. Don't be scared to head over there; you won't regret it.
<review# 1154,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2011,8/1/2011,62,137,7,9,3>My search for the perfect stylist has been well documented on Yelp. It spans two states, high and mid-level salons and a whole lotta haircuts. I thought I had found my girl at Beaux Mondes, but like so many of my past stylists, she moved on and didn't even tell me. That deserves a sad face right? :(Like always, I began my search all over again. I've heard great things about Mitchell's, so I took a chance and booked an appointment. I was randomly assigned Karen and was told I could print off a $10 off coupon since I was a first timer to Mitchell's. I was told her prices up front, so I was going to end up with a bill around $35, which is pretty cheap compared to some other higher end salon's. First of all the salon is super clean, fully-stocked with my favorite hair care line, Bumble & Bumble, and the ladies working the front desk are very friendly. I was sitting for only a few minutes when Karen approached me with a huge smile and a bubbly personality. We talked briefly about my hair (I'm growing out an inverted bob) and decided on getting everything to one length and incorporating some long layers. After a shampoo, Karen asked me how I wanted my hair styled. I decided to keep it straight for the day and then she told me we would do a dry cut, which I haven't had in forever. She dried my hair and got to work. After sectioning off the hair, she straightened it and cut it, piece by piece. It's by far the most precise cut I've had. I could actually see that the cut was perfect before I got home (see my Liquid review for comments on that, ha!), and my blowout was probably one of the best I've had in a long time. She also took the time to explain all the products, without trying to put a hard sell on me. I'm a self-proclaimed hair product hoarder, so the chances of selling anything hair related to me are about the same as Lindsay Lohan ending up in jail. But, before I could make a purchase that I may or may not regret, Karen gave me a little sample to try. So, moral of the story, if you're looking for a new stylist Karen is a solid choice. I'm definitely going back to her for color and my next cut. Now I just need to her to actually stay at Mitchell's....
<review# 1155,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2011,7/31/2011,13,121,6,9,4>My two line description does little to provide the respect this gastronomical wonder deserves.  From the outside, Chopstick appears to be a little dive restaurant amass a mostly empty stripmall, but oh no my friends, this is just a part of her charms.  Walk within and you will notice little conversation but instead hear contented chewing and slurps of happy customers, because they are all having that same zen moment of foodgasm that you too are about to experience.  Want some soup?  Try the wonton egg drop soup, it is divine.  Vegetarian?  The normal egg drop is perfectly seasoned, a balance of velvety eggs and broth with a slight hint of chicken soup quality from the rich broth.  Throw in some of the complimentary "cripsy" fried wontons and you have a real treat in store.  Best hangover cure ever.  Ditto for a cold/flu.Craving something a bit more robust?  Try the chop suey, trust me my friend, you will not be disappointed.  The house special fried rice is also truly sensational, as the "breath of the dragon" essence fragrances every tiny little morsel, creating a smoky little bite that leaves you wanting more.  I also highly recommend the happy family, the always good chicken and broccoli, and the pepper steak.  What I also love here is that you can order half sauce or sauce on the side, which is great for those of us watching our fat intake.  Of course, I am saving the best for last, and that comes in the form of two things-crab rangoon and fried dumplings.  Now I know what you're thinking..."The joint at the mall sells those crappy little chewy things that have no crab and suck why would I buy the same thing at Chopstick?"  Oh my dear foodie, you have been wronged, and Chopstick is here to atone.  These crab rangoon are a special variety, fried to a golden crisp but not overly greasy, nor chewy.  Gently tear the package in two to reveal a unctuous concoction of cream cheese, crab (yes, CRAB), and scallion seasonings.  Try it in the red sauce, or maybe like me you prefer the duck sauce (highly recommend).  As for the fried dumplings, which some of us call potstickers, these are truly special.  The pork is ground in house I believe, along with a perfect combination of scallions, ginger, garlic, soy, and other spices to create a perfectly seasoned pillow of foodgasm.  Tell me if you don't try to impale someone's hand when they reach for one of your fried dumplings....it's okay, we've all done it...
<review# 1156,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2011,7/30/2011,94,404,3,4,3>I've done my fair share of complaining on Yelp about pan-Asian and/or Asian fusion restaurants in Cincinnati.  All too many times these restaurants here (and elsewhere) that try to execute every East Asian cuisine in the book end up not doing any of them very well.  Suzie Wong's theme is unabashedly, full-on Epcot-Asian.  Standards like Japanese seaweed salad and Korean kimchi appear in succession on the menu.  Edamame and egg rolls.  Chow hofun and pad thai.  Et cetera.Some of these items have about as much in common with each other as Neopolitan pizza and wienerschnitzel do, or bouillabaisse and moussaka.  I have no idea why they're being served in a single restaurant, other than that the owners cynically think that us Cincinnati residents think all Asian food (and people?!) falls into one giant nebulous category.  (Maybe some of "us" do....)It's all a bit silly, and I ought to hate it.  But I don't, because a lot of Suzie Wong's food, even if inauthentically presented and executed, is quite good, aesthetically pleasing, and reasonably priced given the slick, modern red-and-black surroundings.  The food is definitely prepared with care.I'm not well-schooled enough in Korean food to know whether Suzie Wong's janchi guksu is anything like the real deal (pretty sure it's not), but what a value for $8.95:  good-sized bowl of steaming, robust broth with kimchi, tofu, glass noodles, onions, scallions, and perfectly fried egg to bust open so that the yolk can blend with and transform the broth.  Delicious.  My wife's jap chae noodles seemed sort of fake-o, too, but was also flavorful and loaded with nicely-cooked shrimp.  A starter of kimchi was very good and appropriately fiery.The Vietnamese pho that I tried back in the restaurant's opening weeks was way off ingredients-wise and appearance-wise, but somehow seemed to nail the bold flavors down.Anyway, I like Suzie Wong's quite a bit in spite of my misgivings about the concept.
<review# 1157,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2011,7/29/2011,3,92,,3,1>Folks this place is the real deal! One of the better dives I have been too...The strip mall it is located in isnt very eye appealing but that is why I call it a dive, the inside isnt very eye appealing but that is why i call it a dive.Why eat here? The FOOD IS OUTSTANDING!!! and PRICED RIGHT! Not to mention the service is excellent and the employess are friendly and Clean. They Gyro's are outstanding here! You can get them with a great tasting Feta cheese, they come with Greek Fries (lemon flavored and covered with spices). You get a lot of food for the little price. If you are a Gyro fan... this is your place! Give them a try, I will be back! A+
<review# 1158,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2010,7/28/2011,30,68,1,5,3>I went here for brunch today with my family, and it was a BIG hit!  It's one of those places that makes you feel cozy and welcome.  It was very bright and filled with natural light.  The pictures on the walls were taken by the owner's father on his travels with his wife.  It is pretty small; only 9 tables inside and 2 outside.  Why is it that delicious places are always so small?  We even went later in the brunch hour, and still had to wait a bit for a table.  If that is a tactic they use to make people more hungry, it certainly worked.  We got to check out what other people were eating during our wait!After we were seated, I finally decided (after much debate) to order the crab creme fraiche.  I am so glad I did!  The eggs were the perfect balance with the crab, creme fraiche, and dill.  It also came with a croissant and fruit cup.  Not your typical fruit cup either.  Super fresh with an awesome assortment of fruit!  I did sample the other dishes; the mediterranean tuna salad was very good.  I was a big fan of the lemon dressing that seemed to be home-made.  Not your typical tuna salad filled with mayonnaise!  The house eggs were delicious as well.  You got to choose how your eggs are prepared, but they came on top of cheese grits, black beans, salsa, and a dollop of sour cream.  Very tasty!  The portions were perfect.  I was able to finish my dish without feeling like I was going to explode.  I felt like I was brunching (new word? ha!) in a european town.  Everything was SO fresh.  The extra effort was certainly noted and very much appreciated!  I can't wait to come back... I'm sure their whole menu is just as delicious!
<review# 1159,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/13/2010,7/27/2011,69,143,6,5,3>Oh, Arlin's -- the place that I go to engage in buzzed girl talk because Mt. Adams is just a bit too far, Fries is too dive-y and Christie's is too cold on fall and winter nights. It's in a small building right next to the Clifton fire station, with a bar and small outdoor patio and a single pool table in an adjacent room. The beers are cheap enough and so are the ciders. (Yes, I do drink cider. Don't hayte.) I will comment on the fact that I've noticed all the bartenders are middle-aged, and this particularly bitchtastic one with short hair, glasses, and the inability to smile always ends up serving me. Last time I went to Arlin's, my friend and I asked what the drink specials were. With a furious glare in response to our apparently retarded question, the bartender replied, "There ARE no specials." Then I asked what ciders they had. Without dropping the attitude that was evident in her deadpan facial expression and tone of voice, she said, "Woodchuck," and nothing more. She glared again, as if she was daring us to ask another question so she could hurdle over the bar counter and jump us. At that point, my friend and I decided to each tip $1 total for however many drinks we ordered that night. So at the very least we were able to save some money :)Another funny thing about Arlin's is that there are always single guys in there, either alone or in pairs, waiting to strike up a conversation. I've been there 3 times and was approached at least once every time, which is something that rarely happens at Christie's or Fries. Thankfully, it's always more entertaining than annoying. The crowd is older (grad students +) and very diverse. If you're looking to catch up with friends, get some beers and appetizers, and maybe shoot some pool, Arlin's has everything you need. No more, no less.
<review# 1160,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2011,7/26/2011,144,216,4,4,4>Every winter I make grilled cheese sandwiches for myself but it has never occurred to me to put something like grippos chips or even combine it with my other favorite sandwich, the BLT. So glad Tom + Chee thought of it for me, because now I'm really living!   The grilled cheese (cheddar) donut was everything I heard it would be.I had great service, it might have helped that I mentioned it was my first time so they walked me through the menu and offered to let me sample the soup, which I didn't end up ordered because I'm not that big of a soup fan. The only thing that would improve this combo: fountain Coca-Cola!
<review# 1161,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2011,7/25/2011,148,35,4,4,3>I lived down the street from Green Dog for about three months before I finally paid it a visit, and I can honestly say that that's at least 12 meals at Green Dog that I am deeply saddened to have missed out on in my life, though I have certainly made up for them and then some.  I'm not a vegetarian but really enjoy vegetarian options.  Meals without meat tend to make my boyfriend squirm.  YET, we're both thoroughly in love with Green Dog.  From having had 80% of the menu, I can honestly say that they truly do every item well and with lots of care to bring in honest to goodness ingredients and bring out all the right flavors to make the meal something to savor.Portions are generous for very reasonable prices.  Home-baked bread, which comes with soups/salads/select entrees, is absolutely addictive.  Easy & affordable wine selection - specials on wine nights.  No fuss, welcoming staff (you order at the counter, pick up a number, and wait for the food at your table.  The staff walks around frequently and are very attentive.  The factor that really pushes my great like of Green Dog into absolute love is that this is a place that really sticks to its values to the core.  Environmentally conscious through and through, no "green washing," and very locally-sourced.  I truly fell in love with the place when after my first meal here, I asked for some Jeni's ice cream to go (YES, this place serves Jeni's & has all the best* flavors. *Subjective. in my case, this just means that they have the killer salted caramel that I adore).  I had planned to devour the ice cream on my walk back home, so I casually asked for a plastic spoon.  The staff searched the place pretty thoroughly and came back to give me a metal one for me to just use and keep, since they really kept no plastic ware on site.  I was pretty floored.  I came back the next day, planning to return the spoon and have another meal, but Green Dog closes after brunch on Sundays.  Saddened and hungry, but in love nonetheless, I tucked the metal spoon into the fence of their outdoor seating area and left to have a mildly satisfying meal elsewhere.NET - my favorite items on the menu:- Green Dog Burger (vegetarian)- Turkey chili- harvest salad (no filler crap iceberg here!  just pure goodness)- chowchow curry (you won't get the mouth numbing indian kick to the curry, but the coconut richness is delicious, and green dog's take on naan is interesting)- chihuahua bowl
<review# 1162,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2010,7/24/2011,52,128,,7,5>If you're looking for a change up - a new food option with big flavors has been open on Short Vine in Clifton for about a year now - it's a Jamaican spot called Island Frydays and it does not disappoint.  I had spotted it a while back, but just got to lunch there earlier this week.  Here's a quick post about the food, which I definitely recommend.The Food:  Lately, I rarely choose what I'm going to order.  Instead, I ask the server/proprietor to give me the best thing on the menu.  Sometimes I'll add that I want the thing with the most flavor.  Sometimes I get a rambling answer, but usually I know I'm on to something when there is a quick, unequivocal response like, in this case, "the jerk chicken."  I often push a little after that - "you're sure?"  When they stick to their guns, you can usually tell you're about to eat something good.  They do ask if you want dark or white meat, to which I replied - whatever has the most flavor.  I started out as a white meat eater, but slowly but surely I've learned that there is no comparison - dark meat is clearly the winner, and they did not lead me astray.There is a large for $10, but for $8 the small plate is plenty for one person.  Rice and beans, steamed veggies, plantains, and chicken all come stuffed in a styrofoam container for take out.  Let me start by simply saying this is some of the best chicken I've had period, in quite a while.  And it was the best jerk chicken I've eaten in years.  I've had jerk chicken that's been too dry, but this was moist and very flavorful - spicy from the pepper, sweet, salty, and blackened, adding up to well rounded bites every single time.  I usually don't eat the skin, but this was too flavorful to pass up.  The only thing I'd do differently is ask them not to chop it (or to chop it as little as possible) because there were a number of little bites of bone I had to be careful of.  But this chicken was so good, I was intent on eating every possible morsel.A UC News Record review on Island Fryday's website suggested to ask for gravy on the rice and pinto beans, and it was definitely the right move since they were pretty bland standing alone.  With the sauce, they were quite tasty.  The vegetables included cabbage, green beans, peas, corn, and carrots.  With enough salt and butter to have some flavor, these did not match the chicken's star power, and settle for being unobtrusive.  The plantains were standard - if you want a lot order a side with a small, because it only comes with a couple bites.  I like them more crispy, so I personally wouldn't bother.I'm excited to go back to try the oxtail and a number of other dishes at Island Fryday's - if they are anywhere near as good as the jerk chicken, I'll be very happy.The Ingredients:  Nothing about local or organic on the menu.  I was quickly in and out on this trip, but plan to ask more about where they get everything on my next trip.  And the next trip won't be far away.The Story, Setting, & Service:  This was a quick trip in and out for a to go order, so not much to say on this front.  The staff was friendly and quick, the space was bright with sun, and the yellow exterior seems to glow all the way to the inside.  There are a few seats if you want to sit down and enjoy your meal while you listen to some reggae on the radio.Just up the hill from OTR, this is a quick hop, skip, and a jump for me at lunch time.  There's no need to call ahead, the food is ready so fast.  I look forward to my next trip to Island Frydays - you should try it too.If you enjoyed this review, there's more at Amateur Foodies.
<review# 1163,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2011,7/23/2011,21,107,3,3,3>What a relief! A coffee shop in Cincy with real coffee shop hours! It actually STAYS OPEN. How amazing.I have been on a bit of a coffee shop quest, and I am quite pleased with Lookout Joe. I'm not a coffee connoisseur, but I love a good coffee shop. The seating here is haphazard at best, but not overly uncomfortable. It's somewhat noisy, very friendly and unpretentious, with lots of outlet opportunities for laptop users. Free wireless, too! The barista when I was there was extremely chatty (perhaps too much so...). I hear they have fabulous chai (try the honey-vanilla syrup!), but haven't had it myself yet. The food looks good and the prices are very reasonable. Overall, two thumbs up! I'll definitely be grading & reading there again soon.
<review# 1164,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2011,7/22/2011,174,628,,6,6>There is a calm, yet powerful Buddhic atmosphere that pervades this space.The people are so kind, welcoming, and full of joy. It can't help but wear off on you. All manner of yoga, motion, meditation, etc. and no judgement. All levels welcome. They believe in the community and they reach out with very frequent free events. They also have some killer workshops that are priced reasonably. The upstairs studio is newly remodeled, so when you walk up, don't worry about the ground floor being mostly empty. Just come on in, drop your shoes and make your way upstairs. They will welcome you into all aspects of the lifestyle that you are wanting to experience.I highly recommend checking out the website, looking at their events, and making your way over.
<review# 1165,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2011,7/21/2011,27,26,,1,1>I've been to Argentine Bean twice and both times were good experiences. The food is a bit pricey but well worth the cost in my opinion. The couple of entrees I have tried have been delicious and the Argentine Salad is a must have. They also have great daily drink specials including half price bottles of wine and half price martinis. The decor inside the restaurant has character and the small patio outside is also nice and charming, though the tables are small. The staff is very friendly and I hope to return soon. My one and only complaint was that both times I was there it seemed to take a little bit for someone to notice new customers had come in. I'm pretty sure they sorta forgot about us on the patio one night! This small problem did not in any way ruin the experience though and I would definitely suggest this restaurant!
<review# 1166,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2010,7/20/2011,63,56,,4,3>Just thinking about La Poste makes me smile - it was such a great experience!  My mom and I went to celebrate her graduation and yes, reservations are a must.  First impressions were great - we were greeted at the bar with an extensive wine list and offered suggestions.  Finally settling on a Bordeaux, the wine was fantastic and our table was ready.  The hostess took our coats and seated us.  The space is clean, formal, but without being pretentious and has some fantastic artwork.The food was above my expectations - some of the most creative and expertly prepared.  We started with hot bacon scallops which were a fantastic texture - its easy to spot a poorly cooked scallop.  And also to start was the roasted pear with prosciutto.  This was my favorite part of the whole dinner - roasted red pear filled with herb goat cheese, wrapped in prosciutto, served on arugula.  Such a complex and savory taste!  For dinner, we had chicken fricassee and the pork tenderloin.  The chicken fricassee was great - certainly no complaints, but the pork tenderloin was amazing.  It was wrapped in bacon and served with fingerling potatoes and mustard greens.  It was such a smokey and rich taste that went soooo good with our dry red wine.  And to cap it all off - we went for grapefruit creme brulee and chocolate demi fredo - a kind of frozen mousse.  Both were great, but mom and I are connoisseurs of creme brulee, so we agree that was the best.And to top the entire visit off - the service was exceptional.  Everyone was friendly and attentive and knew the menu well.  The attention to detail was impressive.  Love love love the wine list and the roasted pear - would go back for that alone.
<review# 1167,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/26/2010,7/19/2011,35,78,2,3,5>I have a nostalgic attachment to this particular Graeter's location, since it was the first one I ever went to as a child after my first dance recital in the first grade. It has that old-fashioned, frothy pink and brown interior with wire-backed chairs and a variety of confections in addition to the phenomenal Graeter's French pot ice cream that really needs no further hyping from me--you already know it's the best damn ice cream in the country, if not the world.Having grown up, moved away, and returned to the Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky area, this Graeter's is now right down the street from me. It's a little more worn around the edges and not quite as fancy on the inside as I recall, but it has a new feature I could never take advantage of as a first grader: A DRIVE THRU.That's right, drive-thru access to my all-time favorite frozen treat, less than five minutes away. And the great thing is, if the drive-thru's backed up, you can run inside, and odds are, there will probably be zero line. It's a blessing and a curse, and a beautiful one either way.
<review# 1168,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2010,7/18/2011,131,60,,5,4>J-Rides is a fantastic new business in Cincinnati that offers people a new transportation option: PEDICABS. Pedicabs are like rickshaws, or carts pulled by bicycle. They are a great addition to Cincinnati and they will bike you out to Newport, Covington, or just about anywhere in Cincinnati. The carts are safe and comfortable, and since there is so much in Cincinnati that's within a bicycle's reach, it's a great and speedy way to get around downtown. One cool thing I thought was interesting about pedicabs: the city of Cincinnati lets them ride over the Purple People Bridge. An honor and a quick route across the river for them!
<review# 1169,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2011,7/17/2011,12,75,,4,3>Yes, this is a small theatre, but I think that's fantastic, especially when the other option is at "On the Levee."   Kenwood theatre is nice and new.  The theatres are clean and some are quaint (sitting maybe 50s people??).  Here's why its awesome:Cheaper movie pricesGood snacks at reasonable pricesFriendly staffCleanConvenientFree parkingComfortable seatsAND....they serve beer!  The could stand a better selection, but hey, its a movie theater!Avoid the big theaters and check out Kenwood.  It's just better.
<review# 1170,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/28/2010,7/16/2011,133,190,3,2,3>I have a lot of time on my hands lately, so if I am looking for something that is not at my normal library, I'll find out where it's located and go get it.  This is the reason I made my way to the Madeira branch of the library.First off, this place is gorgeous.  It's in the middle of a great small town. And, did I mention the place was fantastic?  They have a great selection. Auto-check out machines so you don't have to wait in line. And, the people that work there are helpful and awesome.Just be careful when you're walking through the automatic doors...they open slowly and I ran into one of them the first time I tried to leave the place...it's a trap! Be careful!
<review# 1171,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2011,7/15/2011,211,416,4,8,3>Hi, my name is Caroline and I am clumsy with fragile objects. The first step is admitting you have a problem, right? Well, now that's out of the way I can get on with my review.It was surprisingly difficult to find a place in Cincinnati that would repair my phone (one place wanted to meet me in the parking lot at the mall for dropoff/pickup), and seriously, I felt like the *only* person who was dumb enough to break their phone screen.  After a bit of googling I finally found iRepair Solutions.  They just moved into their new location and it was super easy to find (right of off 275, in the same strip mall as a Chipotle).iRepair offers immediate repair for any iPhone, iPod touch, but since I have a discontinued droid phone, the part I needed took a few days to order and ship.Mike, the proprietor, was helpful and upfront about any charges, his policies, time of repair, etc and I really appreciated that because I didn't waste any of my time.  He even changed  out my sim card for me.I mean this in the nicest way possible, but hopefully I won't be needing any of his repair services soon.  But if I do, I'm glad I've found a reliable place to go.
<review# 1172,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2011,7/14/2011,69,67,,2,2>I have lots of great memories of Pompilio's.  It was always the gathering spot for our family when someone was in town or there was a special occasion.  As a kid I always thought it was cool that Rain Man was filmed there and they had a bunch of the memorabilia hanging up.Now I love Pompilio's for a different reason: the delicious food.  Everything I've tried on the menu has been great.  And there's something for whatever kind of food mood you're in.  I believe you have to judge an Italian restaurant on their spaghetti sauce.  It's on most entrees, and if they don't know how to make good sauce, they probably don't know how to make much else.  Pompilio's sauce is great.  Especially their meat sauce, which I don't usually like anywhere.  They actually have meatball meat in theirs which is so much tastier than whatever other places use.  The outdoor patio is great in warm weather.  Lots of space to sit and a good atmosphere.  They also have a bocce ball court with tournaments.  Drinks are pretty cheap too, so you can relax outside for a while without worrying too much about the tab.  The only negative to this place is the service.  It's fast enough, but not always the friendliest.  They tend to know a lot of the regulars, and if you aren't one, you feel a little left out.  They don't make a lot of effort if they don't know you.  My favorites: the spinach artichoke dip for an app, and just plain spaghetti and meatballs for dinner.  Usually I feel silly ordering spaghetti when I can make it at home, but when it's this good, it's worth it.
<review# 1173,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2011,7/13/2011,24,3,,5,1>My wife and I were driving through Blue Ash and found The Firehouse Grill and decided to give it a shot!The inside was HUGE!!! Plenty of room for large parties. Good size outdoor eating area, but was closed due to preparations for the Blue Ash Fireworks which are right across the street.Our waiter was awesome going over each part of the menu and recommending things that he has tried and liked. I ordered The Chief Steakhouse burger, cooked to my asking of medium. Order came out quick and hot. Sandwich was awesome and my wife said her wrap was very good as well. We will come back!!
<review# 1174,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2010,7/12/2011,143,423,2,6,2>Dixie Chili is hands down my favorite Cincinnati-style chili parlor. Their coneys can't be beat with their fluffy cheese and perfectly seasoned chili. But what makes this place so awesome is all of the other great tasting stuff on the menu. Their Greek salads are phenomenal because of their homemade creamy house dressing, which is a yogurt and vinaigrette combo that is so good the first time I had it I ate the leftovers with a spoon.  The make in house chicken, egg, and ham salad. I had the chicken salad plate which comes with a huge helping of chunky chicken salad and fruit. I was totally psyched to see that in addition to the standard fare grapes and honeydew I got some kiwi, orange slices, and pineapple. Their deli sandwiches are awesome, too. The honey wheat bread is soft and the sandwich is stacked with tons of meat and cheese. Definitely worth a try if you are not in the mood for chili.
<review# 1175,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2011,7/11/2011,103,257,2,6,3>JUST DO IT!!! There's not much else I can say that other reviews haven't covered, other than to agree that the it's a terrific experience and you should run at least one of the races (5k, 10k, half or full marathon) if you can. This is it's 13th year and it's a Cincinnati institution. The Pig was my third half marathon and by far the best overall in terms of pre-race logistics, race day organization, and post-race festivities. I decided pretty last minute that I was going to run it, so it cost $90, but I still felt it was worth every penny. The race countdown emails were really informative. Lots of training tips, plus parking details, gear check info, and course routes. And the expo was spectactularly huge. Best score: free 6-pack of toilet paper! Thanks P&G!Race day started off with thunder and rain, but it didn't dampen (ba-dum-chh!) anyone's spirits. There were still tons of crowds out cheering, which really kept my morale up through the race. Bless them!The post race food selection was pretty impressive, and I liked that they had recycle/compost bins for banana peels, water bottles, etc. Also, in Sawyer Point they had a huge spread of freebie booths like Glier's Goetta, Vitamin Water, and such. I wear my race shirt all the time because it's so comfy and cute. Love the little tail on the back and how they have a tail on the back of the medal, too.The only very minor complaint I have is the bottleneck between the finish line and the food tents. Since they don't use disposable chip timers (which I again appreciate being good for the environment), you have to wait for a volunteer to cut the tag off your shoe. Other than that, everything else was wonderful. The Flying Pig is a must for any Cincinnatian's bucket list, either participating in the race or as a spectator or volunteer.
<review# 1176,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2011,7/10/2011,10,53,3,4,1>I've reviewed the Quatman Cafe in Mason, but this was the first time I'd been to the original in Norwood (In business about 45 years longer than the one in Mason, to my Yelp "compliment"er that didn't appreciate my other review)  They have the same special on most evenings, $6.19 for a cheeseburger, fries and drink (Hudy on tap!).  They food was just as delicious as the Mason location, but the service was not as good.  It is obviously a very "local" joint, with people being greeted by name as they walk in the door.  As a non-local, we had to wait at our table for quite a while before a waiter came to take our order.  When our first round of drinks were finished, we had a bit of a wait for a refill as well.  Regardless, the delicious burger will keep me coming back, and the $20 total bill (including tip) for a Saturday dinner for two ain't bad either :)
<review# 1177,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/24/2010,7/9/2011,64,159,2,4,3>Symmes is one of the smaller, nicer townships in Cincinnati.  Founded in the early 1820's by German, Scottish, and Irish settlers, Symmes is currently home to a number of...let's call them...high end neighborhoods.  Parts of Indian Hill, Loveland, and Sycamore school districts are located within Symmes as well as a number of private schools, including Cincinnati Country Day, Cincinnati Hills Christian Academy, Ursuline, and Moeller to a name a few.  In recent years Symmes has fought off efforts by both Loveland and Deerfield to incorporate it (okay, not all that recent but still...goes to show that Symmes seems to be in high demand).Symmes is the kind of place that shoots for quality.  And they seem to have done a pretty good job with their park. I've brought the family here a few times, specifically for the Halloween/Fall Festival they have every October.  This is actually the only time I've ever been to visit this park is during this festival.The park itself is a pretty decent size.  Number of different fields for soccer and little league for kids.  There's a few different playground areas...two to be specific.  A decent sized man-made lake (although I wouldn't swim in it).  There are benches scattered throughout the park and a nice sized shelter.  Picnic tables can also be found all around.Towards the back of the park there's a hiking trail that leads to one of those fenced in dog parks where the dogs get to run around, exercise and poop everywhere without the owners having to pick it up with the plastic bags on their hands.  Not gonna lie, that's just disgusting.  I mean, sure you have a plastic bag on, but you're still picking up poop with your hand.  Ewwwww!!!Anyway, as I mentioned, I've only been here for the Halloween Festival every year.  Lots of fun.  Usually there's a small maze made from hay bales.  Nothing difficult for adults but lots of fun for the kids.  A bunch of smaller farm animals are there for  the kids to pet (bunnies, a pig, turtle, goats, couple of farm birds).  There's food, face painting, hair spraying/dying and a hay rides.  There's also a "pumpkin patch" for the kids.  Basically it's a small grass field where a bunch of small, hand-sized pumpkins are laid out and each kid is allowed to take one.  Additionally the hiking trail is turned into a kind of Haunted Hiking Trail...of course it doesn't have that haunting feeling in broad daylight.  But still, my kids get a kick out of it.The only real negative I can say here is that sometimes the festival can be a bit inconsistent.  No haunted trail last year, but had it this year.  Some years there's face painting, other years not.  Oh, and then there was the giant warning sign stating that a black bear had been seen in the woods and to take caution if you're using the hiking trail.  That wasn't a part of the Halloween thing and it was without doubt the most scary part.  Symmes Township Park is a great place to take the whole family.  And the Halloween/Fall Festival is just an all out blast.Mahalo, and enjoy.
<review# 1178,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2011,7/8/2011,38,153,2,4,2>I'm not opposed to traveling across the Ohio for good Thai food, it's just, on a cold Tuesday night, when I want some really good Thai Basil Chicken, I'd like to just go about a mile from my house.  Now I can do that!When I was a kid, the location that houses Mai Thai was a Long John Silvers.  They've done such a great job renovating and adding flair to the space that you'd never know it--with the exception of the original floor near the bathroom!   Really nice atmosphere, warm and welcoming.  Nice lighting--even though we often have our little one with us, it's an intimate enough space that you feel like an adult on a date night.This place is always busy, so expect a wait.  But, the staff is friendly, offering space at the small bar to wait, if needed.  Also, Mai Thai is family friendly, though the adults of the group can have a nice cocktail or glass of wine.  The beer list is limited, though (all standard Bud and Miller products--check!), but, I will admit that on one VERY hot day last summer, we worked on our house till we almost fell over, cleaned up, went to Mai Thai and had THE BEST ice cold Miller Genuine Draft ever.  Could have been because it was so hot, and the bottle had ice melting down the side but regardless, it was good.  The food is amazing--and so good that my husband, born and raised in Hyde Park said, "we never have to leave Kentucky again." , and our first date was at Bangkok Bistro.  He's pretty pedestrian in that he always orders Chicken Pad Thai, but I can attest that other menu items (Thai Basil Chicken), and some of their vegetarian selections are absolutely wonderful.  Portions are large enough to split, add a couple of appetizers, you're one full and happy camper. Great addition to the Florence area--I've never been one for fast food or the "Restaurant Row of Chains" that appear all too often in suburban stretches.
<review# 1179,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2011,7/7/2011,79,1047,,6,2>Presented by the OTR Brewery District, the Prohibition Resistance Tour takes guests on journey back to when Cincinnati was 6th most prosperous city in America, and Over-The-Rhine was the second densest populated area, next to New York City.The tour begins at Findlay Market, and showcases Cincinnati's German influence and rich brewing history. We viewed the old Christian Moerlein brewery, which encompasses two city blocks. Original Italianate architecture is pointed out along the way, as well as locations of late 1800s dance halls, churches and pubs. My favorite part was venturing into the Felsenbrau and Jackson breweries. They are clearly visible from Central Parkway, but being abandoned and greatly deteriorated, tours are rarely offered of these two structures. A climb to the top level of Felsenbrau offers a gorgeous view of Over The Rhine, as well as details from the brewery's heyday. The roof is wooden and peaked, and all the banisters have beer keg shaped endcaps. Next, we ventured underground into the lagering cellars of the Jackson Brewery; Cincinnati's infamous tunnel system for transporting, chilling and storing beer. Many of the details are still present, such as old gas-powered electrical systems and ramps used to move the kegs.I was fascinated by the sights of the tour, but the guides needed some improvement. They were informed, but were reading from a lengthy packet and tended to ramble and lose the audience's attention. I would have preferred if they just memorized a few facts about each stop. Also, it was difficult to hear them inside of the buildings because all the guests were looking around in the different rooms. It would be helpful to gather everyone, tell the story, then have people disperse to explore the room and take pictures. A portable microphone system would be beneficial as well.The tour was also slated to be between 90 minutes and 2 hours. It actually ended up being 3 hours long; our group was a bit restless (and hungry) since it ran late. It was only a 12 block walk roundtrip.Recommendations for guests: - DO NOT wear flip flops or new shoes. You will be walking off the beaten path, down a steep slope, and through wet dirt in the lagering cellar.  - Look out for poison ivy when entering Felsenbrau, and near the lagering cellar. - You should bring a bottle of water, a granola bar (or small snack), sunglasses, and a camera. Lots of cool things to take photos of. - Take the tour on a day where you don't have plans afterwards if it runs late. Also, it was 83º, which was an enjoyable temperature for a walking tour. I would advise rescheduling if it is any hotter.Overall, the Prohibition Resistance Tour was a fun way to spend a Saturday afternoon learning about Cincinnati's German heyday. Also, a portion of your ticket price is donated to the upkeep of Cincinnati's historic breweries.
<review# 1180,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2011,7/6/2011,7,77,,5,4>I've been to Italy a few times, and because of this I might consider myself a snob when it comes to gelato. Dojo is about as good as it gets in the USA. My first experience with Dojo was actually at the Hyde Park Farmer's market this past summer. I was told that if I mixed the pineapple-basil sorbet with the salty caramel gelato, it would taste like a pineapple upside down cake. It was absolutely true. Amazing!! I've also tried the dark chocolate, nutella, and pistachio, and of those pistachio is by far my favorite. It's so hard to find authentic pistachio gelato, but Dojo figured out the secret to creating the perfect flavor without the neon green color that many gelato shops offer. As much as I love gelato, though, I don't really crave cold desserts in the middle of winter. But that doesn't keep me away from Dojo. I went to the Findlay Market location this past weekend to try the Italian Hot Chocolate. Also referred to as Cioccolato Caldo and Sipping Chocolate, it really tastes like you're eating a liquid candy bar. AMAZING!!! Sooo rich and thick, but by far, the best dessert drink I've ever tasted. Incidentally, while I was waiting for my hot chocolate to be prepared, I sampled the Fat Elvis gelato. It's a peanut butter gelato with small bits of bacon mixed in. I was a little skeptical, it was actually pretty good. Not sure I'd want to eat an entire cup of it...but that's only because I much prefer straight sweetness to the sweet and savory mix, and the hot chocolate had me covered there.
<review# 1181,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2011,7/5/2011,48,45,1,5,2>Grab a beer and see a show!This place is definitely a hidden jewel in this city.  Alright, to be fair, it is over the river in Covington.  So if you are part of some gang that is currently in an Ohio vs. Kentucky turf war, well you probably want to stay away.  I mean, I don't want anyone getting hurt or anything.For those who have no such turf war issues, get yourself over to the Carnegie.  It is the only theater in the area that can boast having a gallery, with rotating exhibits, as part of the center.  Ensemble can't say that, neither can Playhouse, or even Cincy Shakes.I have been to both the theater and gallery portions of the center.  I have even had the privilege of performing on the stage when I was a member of an improv troupe.  So I can tell you first hand that the facilities, while not the most technologically advanced (that probably goes to Playhouse in the Park), are definitely first rate.The three things I love the most about the Carnegie though are as follows:1. They get social.  Recently, they partnered with Groupon to offer discount tickets to The Odd Couple.  Yes, I grabbed that offer up.  Yes, the show was quite good.  They even staged it with the rarely used 2nd intermission (for other theater geeks out there).2. The prices.  The prices for both the gallery showings, movies, and the live theater pieces are probably the cheapest you will find in town.  Considering the quality of performances/pieces I have seen so far, it is an amazing value.3. Alcohol in the seats.  So far this is the only theater in town that I have attended where you can bring your drinks back to your auditorium seat with you.  Are you kidding me?  Can you imagine Playhouse in the Park letting you get away with that?  Uh...don't think so.So there must be something wrong with the place, right?  After all, I did not give them the full five-star rating, right?Well, the concessions are an issue.  For a place this size, they only have one small (two bartenders only--that's if they squeeze in tight) concession stand, located in the gallery portion.  So it is a good thing that they allow you to bring the drinks to your seat, because most often  the lights flash to let you know the show is beginning again by the time your drink first touches your hand.If they expand that, they get my five-star rating.
<review# 1182,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2011,7/4/2011,33,203,,2,3>You may unknowingly walk by this assuming paradise of food. I had a sandwich and my dining partner had a noodle bowl. The flavors were unique and yummy. Everything was fresh and flavorful. Mint, jalopenos, sprouts, carrots, lemongrass... It seemed endless. Service was great -attentive with a smile. The yum factor will bring me back. If you are looking for a new and great experience, pay them a visit.
<review# 1183,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2010,7/3/2011,84,41,3,4,3>The Comet is exactly what every neighborhood bar should be. It has the biggest beer selection of any bar I know without being pretentious about it. It has the best jerk tofu quesadillas I've ever had (or even heard of) and great burritos as well. The food sometimes takes a while, but that's because they make everything to order. Don't worry, it's worth it, and you can drink any beer you want while you wait for it.The Comet has a pool table and a photo machine and a killer jukebox. It has super nice bartenders, a little bit of outdoor seating, rock and roll during the week and the best bluegrass band in town (The Comet Bluegrass All Stars) every Sunday evening. Now they even have Sunday brunch. I've gone to the Comet for celebrations. I've gone there on dates. Heck, I even studied for the bar exam there (true story. I passed it too.). They have free wifi. They have good food. They have good beer. They have good music. They have my favorite wooden Cincinnati sign inside by the pool table. Basically it's like if heaven were a dive bar. Do yourself a favor and go.
<review# 1184,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2011,7/2/2011,177,120,2,2,2>Seriously the best Chinese food in Cincinnati.  The ambiance is fantastic at the Buttermilk location.  Large, no HUGE, ceilings, and lots of late 80s luxury decor.  If it's your birthday, they roll out the huge gong and sing to you.  The owner Mike Wong is a serious treat.  He works the room the same today as he did when I was a kid and he was serving me kiddie cocktails.  On one Valentines day he stopped by our table, told some awesome jokes, and then bought us a round.  What a host!Lastly, and certainly not least, the food is fantastic.  If you are looking for quality Chinese that doesn't include a sneeze guard, this is your spot.  They do not cheap on their ingredients and this makes for a very delicious and enjoyable dinner.
<review# 1185,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2011,7/1/2011,20,99,,1,1>Cappell's is a Cincinnati staple for me. I guess not everyone buys costumes year round like me but if you do happen to need a costume I recommend this place. They have a great website, easy to navigate and efficiently describes the stock the three store locations carry. I was in search of costume for a show and know I wanted something crazy but not sure what my options were. I looked around on the website, narrowed my search and called the store to put my options on hold. The guy on the phone was patient and answered all my questions on the phone and even gave me directions. When I got to the store I decided that those options didn't work. The man working the store, allowed me to try on every single costume in the store until I found the fit. He was very easy going and didn't have a problem that I was in there forever. I will say that some of their costumes were pretty pricey but you can find some on sale, you just have to look around .
<review# 1186,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2011,6/30/2011,77,151,7,3,1>I've always been skeptical about fancy dog food. They're dogs, after all and have survived thousands of years on anything from old shoes to t-bone steaks to entire bags of hershey's kisses, foil and all (ok maybe just that one time). But I gotta say, the food from Pet Wants makes a HUGE difference. One of my dogs apparently has a corn allergy (as was suggested by one of Pet Wants employees) and most commercial dog food has corn and corn gluten in spades as a filler. In the month or so since we started feeding him the Pet Wants food, his hair, which was beginning to thin out due to him scratching and biting himself has almost already fully grown back and his attitude, which was previously cranky (you'd be too if you were constantly itching with a perpetual stomach ache) has done a 180 and he's happier than he's ever been. Our other dog, needless to say is a beneficiary of the awesome new food and has started behaving much better as well, although he still makes a break for it any time a door opens, but that's just because he's an idiot.
<review# 1187,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2011,6/29/2011,156,239,,5,1>Good stuff! Lime is a small restaurant in Main Strasse Covington that boasts fresh burritos. Really fresh tasting food near my work always grabs my attention. I stopped in on a Saturday for a burrito and chips. They have a few bar height tables for you to sit at. I was greeted immediately with warmth by the woman making the burritos. She asked me if I lived in the neighborhood while she made my burrito. I ordered the braised beef burrito which came  with mango salsa, black beans, cilantro lime rice and chipotle sour cream. It was very, very tasty. The sweetness of the mango salsa went really well with the tender bits of beef. Each type of burrito has it's own complimenting salsa and sour cream. They have a delightful vegetarian burrito with tofu which can easily be made vegan. I also ordered an iced tea which they brew with mint. Very refreshing!I tried their chips and salsa, the chips were warm but did not immediately strike me as house made, maybe they are, maybe they aren't. The guacamole with the chips was very good. I like mine a bit creamier though, there's was more on the chunky side with bits of tomato. Parking can be kind of an issue because it's street parking or if you can find a space in the lot across the street next to Bouquet. I parked, perhaps illegally, in the old Skyline lot. They said that in the future they want to be open on Sundays but can't do it right now. This is a welcome addition to Covington in general and certainly for my lunch options. They are open until 3am on Fridays and Saturdays ensuring that no person who goes pub crawling in Main Strasse will be without delicious booze-soaking food before they turn into bed. All in all it was a pretty good meal for $11.
<review# 1188,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2011,6/28/2011,84,58,3,7,4>Let me just recap one conversation with the bartender: Me: Can I have three shots of.. (don't remember what I ordered. Probably    because I ordered three, haha)Bartender: That'll be $9.Me: No I said I need THREEBartender shows me three shot glasses.I pick my jaw up off the floor and pass out the beverages.Obviously the prices are amazing. The bartenders are mostly friendly and if they don't know what you want right when you walk in, they always remember it after you order your first drink. It's a 'regular' kind of bar but no one gives you funny looks if you aren't one. It's pretty much the only bar I've ever rolled up to solo. I just know that no matter who is there I'll have a good time.
<review# 1189,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2011,6/27/2011,94,140,3,2,1>You know that you're in for a great experience when there is an entire menu dedicated to mac and cheese.  And wow is it good!  We first experienced Keystone at a Wild About Wine event at the zoo.  We immediately knew that we would have to find the place and visit.  Mondays are my favorite night to go because ALL of their mac and cheese is half-price.  It's a perfect option for those on a budget but not a diet.  The main reason that I did not give them 5 stars was because of the smoke.  I HATE having to deal with smoke and, as a result, do not eat or go out in Kentucky as often as I'd like.  I believe that I heard a new smoking ban in Covington just went into effect, but private bars, etc have the ability to opt out if they meet certain requirements.  I hope that Keystone does not do this and instead becomes smoke-free.  I know that I would eat and drink there (as well as other establishments) much more often. Okay, I'm now done ranting about smoking.  Please check out Keystone for some creative mac and cheese.  Their beer cheese bowl with house-made tortilla chips is also delicious!  It's Monday today so maybe you'll see me there this evening :)
<review# 1190,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2011,6/26/2011,139,64,,3,2>If you're looking for ambience, don't go here. You aren't going to find a polished, well put together restaurant. In fact, quite the opposite. It's a very no-frillssort of joint. It's clean, but bare-bones. There's no hostess waiting to seat you, no fully stocked bar. It's your basic hole-in-the-wall diner. And I wouldn't change a thing about it.A group of us went in on a slow, quiet, and rainy Saturday afternoon. There was one other patron in the place. We were greeted quite enthusiastically by a woman standing behind the bar, given a menu, and asked what we wanted. We each ordered a different stuffed burger. Mine was the Tajo Taco, a delicious combination of taco seasoning and cheeses, topped with sour cream. There was a young boy of about 3 running around; turns out he was the namesake of my burger. The woman who took our order seemed to be the brains behind the operation. We sat ourselves down at a table and were offered drinks from a cooler. No fountain here; what you get is soda in a can. The food, however is made to order, so if you're in a hurry, don't go. It's takes time to create perfection. My friend had placed an order of wings, and those came out first. They were deep-fried and delicious. I want to go back again just so I can focus on the wings, they were that good! Then, came the burger. This was a monster 1/2-pound concoction on a toasted bun. The cheese and other stuffing just melted in my mouth with each bite. The fries that came with it were crispy on the outside and piping-hot and soft on the inside. It was truly heaven. The staff was very attentive throughout our meal, and little Taj continued to provide entertainment.I will certainly go back to further explore the wing flavors, as well as their other menu items. I can see this becoming one of my favorite spots in OTR. I have high hopes for this place, and intend to send as much traffic their way as I can!
<review# 1191,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2011,6/25/2011,26,154,,8,1>There's nothing bad about this place; let's do a bulleted list of the pluses.-friendly bartendresses & bartenders-warm atmosphere-baller patio-free to use bocce ball court-smell of grilling onions-reasonable prices-free pool table-plenty of space (weather providing)-excellent selection of beers-bartenders know their stuff and can make a proper cocktail-parking lot, should you need it-the DJs are patronsBottom Line: I'll be back as soon as I can.
<review# 1192,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2011,6/24/2011,17,15,2,4,3>Love the idea of a new restaurant in my neighborhood so I went there tonight with some friends. BYO wine is always a great idea.  I had the chicken flatbread as well as the mushroom pate flatbread. Both were tremendously tasty though I have to give the edge to the chicken with the fantastic miso honey. Arugula salad very tasty and flavorful if not a little heavy-handed with the dressing (though I am not a dressing person).  Dessert flatbread of Belgium chocolate, peanut butter and banana was wicked good. Space was small and sparsely decorated but I am okay with that. Overall, had a fantastic time and will be going back.
<review# 1193,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2011,6/23/2011,107,86,,9,2>What an awesome treasure nestled in a strip mall in, of all places, Harrison.Now here's the deal... I am not a huge fan of Korean food, but was feeling particularly curious about the place - so after seeing the stellar reviews on Yelp and Urbanspoon I decided that we were headed there.First of all, the place is so immaculately clean, you could probably eat right off the floor. That's a huge plus in my book, as there's a lot of small family places that don't make the grade. We will skip a whole bunch of family-owned places because we've seen too much mess and filth from one time or another. Not here. Kim's is meticulously scrubbed down. It's simple, and very unpretentious.The owners are super sweet people... husband and wife team. She came out to seat us and loved on our kids (they really are loveable). My 2 y.o. daughter instantly warmed up to her. She helped us get seated, which can sometimes be a logistical ordeal with 2 toddlers.Larry, her husband, came along to get us started, and was patient and explained everything on the menu. Funny, I am pretty well rounded as an epicure, but one cuisine that I've really never had too much exposure to is Korean.Many years ago, an old girlfriend and I had a Korean roommate, who would stink up the fridge with some hell-on-wheels kimchee that her mom would make and send to her. Holy moly that stuff was hot and smelled funky. That is literally the only exposure that I ever had... Maria's smelly jar of kimchee.In fact, visiting Kim's brought back memories of that sort of sesame-laden funky smell. Everything is pickled and cooked with that... not quite sure what it is.... sesame oil maybe?I ordered the Ohjing-oe bulgogi (squid) and my wife got the Dahk bulgogi (chicken). Larry brought out this huge array of banchan side dishes... varieties of kimchee and other stuffs... like tofu, pickles, pickled bean sprouts, pickled persimmon and walnuts, pickled fish, pickled... well... you get the point. It's all pickled.This is where things start to go south for me. I like sauerkraut, and some traditional pickles, but not necessarily a raving fan of pickled... well... everything. I realize that is just the cuisine and not the establishment. So things are starting to sort of go south.Then it was entree' time. My wife's chicken was really tasty... but again... that faint sesame-ish flavor. My squid was the same... done up really well... but that persistant hint of pickled sesame. I cleaned it up though... I was hungry and the Korean black rice dish took out some of the sesame, pickled... man I can't really decide how to describe the flavor. The black rice is actually purple... mixed with kidney beans, which gave the straight up beans and rice flavor to everything else.Now I have enough culinary taste to know good food vs. mediochre... and Kim's uses extremely high quality ingredients and prepares everything fresh from scratch. They get a standing ovation for that. The experience was great, even with my two little monkeys who were in overdrive.So, in defying logical convention, I give Kim's 4 stars - even though my wife and I were in agreement that Korean food really isn't going to rate highly on the list for us across the board... which is unfortunate because Larry and his wife were extremely wonderful people who are running just about as top notch of a place as could possibly be done.If you like Korean food, I suspect that this is just about as down home and good as it gets... especially for Cincinnati. If you're looking for some adventure, they have traditional kneeling tables and cushions... so head over and try everything.
<review# 1194,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2010,6/22/2011,189,158,2,6,2>I really wish there was a way to give 4.5 stars...so that's what I'm giving, you just can't see them. I can't give 5 stars, because I've been to the Louvre, and this isn't better than the Louvre. However--it's really, really great.First--love the building, love the grounds, love the history. This place started as an art school back in the 1800's, and I love that it is still for art today. It's in lovely Eden Park, and it is a very well-kept building that is nicely laid-out and really far bigger than you think it is.Second, I really love the Cincinnati wing--for a recent transplant such as myself, it was great to get a Cincy art history lesson (not just paintings and photography, but marble sculptures, handcrafted furniture and other woodwork, silversmithing,etc). In fact, if this would have been a review of just one wing, it would have gotten 5 stars for the Cincinnati wing (because the Louvre has no Cincinnati Wing, unless that is a recent addition =) ).Third--all the other stuff. There are musical instruments from the 12th century, there are items from Picasso, Degas, Gaugin, Van Gogh--pretty much everyone you learned about in art history class. There are antiquities that I barely got a chance to glance at (we were there for only 2-1/2 hrs and we could have spent twice that time). Add to that the multiple changing exhibits, and you have yourself an excellent museum that I'd be pleased to return to several times a year.Fourth--and this is a biggie--all this is available to you for the low, low price of FREE. Yes, free. Not just on a certain day, but all days.  All you have to pay is $4 for parking (unless you score a free parking space and don't mind walking a bit). This, my friends, is an amazing deal and if you have lived here longer than 5 minutes and haven't been, you should be ashamed of yourself. Go get yourself some culture!
<review# 1195,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2010,6/21/2011,66,34,,9,4>I must admit, I do on occasion go to Performance Bike. Then I come to Reser and realize what a bike shop should be.Their customer service is simply the best.  Every employee is incredibly helpful and they don't talk down to you simply because you don't know how something works or what something is called. The selection is nice for their space, PB does have more in terms of merchandise but Reser only stocks quality gear so you know when you're purchasing something they stand behind the product. Their prices are a bit higher than PB, but it's definitely worth it for the service. On my most recent visit I went looking for a helmet (I lost mine, whoosh, gone) and they didn't have what I wanted in stock.  They led me to a laptop and I got to choose the color and model of the helmet and they ordered it for me and told me it would be about a week.  Then Jason (I think it was him) asked me if I was helmet-less.  I told him "yes, unfortunately" and he walked into the back and came out with a helmet, told me to bring it back when I come to pick up my order and to be safe on the road. They truly care about their customers and they've earned my business, I will always come to Reser for whatever I need.
<review# 1196,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2011,6/20/2011,340,494,2,2,3>Oh the Hof how I love thee....Beer. What could go wrong with Beer. If it's here, nothing other than knocking over your stein (for shame!!!) It comes in liters... LITERS! huge ginormous gloriousness. And yes it will seem like a lot, but you're getting a whole liter! The price is comparible. And if you'd like you have the option to take home your stein, if you pay for it. This place will be crowded on a weekend. Expect to wait for a table. The bonus is you can go out back and pluck up a table without having to wait in the biergarten. In the winter, they put up a heated tent and it's not horrible if you don't want to wait. The tables and benches could use a little work tho, they're kind of shaky. The food is ok. I normally go with the chicken handel which is literally a half a chicken. And it's never been bad. The mashed potatoes are great too. I'm going to reiterate the pretzels that everyone has been talking about and add in the fried pickles. Nom! But other than that, it's not true German food if thats what you're going for. And it is a bit pricey, but everyone should experience it at least once in their lives!The band inside is a lot of fun too and love to heckle the crowd. And yes people will be rowdy and loud and get on the benches and tables and dance. It's normal. Just be warned.
<review# 1197,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2010,6/18/2011,204,335,3,5,4>Second favorite place to go in the city for Thai.  The sushi is quite fresh and I competely disagree with the other reviewers, I like their rice.It is a hole in the wall but the service is outstanding.  They have Chinese and Japanese cuisine as well but this is a Thai restaurant.  Their more simple dishes are their best like the Basil chicken.  The Pad Thai is the standard Americanized Pad Thai you find at all the other Thai restaurants but I cannot fault them for that.  It is good and exactly what you are expecting.The prices are extremely reasonable and...well they are on the West side and no one else is so they get two starts just for that.When, oh when will the West side get an Indian Restaurant?
<review# 1198,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2011,6/17/2011,25,121,2,5,4>When I want a good burger, I go to Gordo's. This was the place where I was exposed to the Cincinnatian notion of putting Boursin cheese on hamburgers. What a great idea that was! I put the person who had it right up there with the guy who came up with the idea to fry mozzarella cheese. When I'm in a hurry, I don't go to Gordo's. When it gets busy, which happens often, Gordo's moves at a snail's pace. As long as you prepare yourself for this, and don't go to Gordo's when you're hungry or want your meal to take less than an hour, you're good.As mentioned previously, Gordo's has an excellent rotating beer selection, although their prices are a little on the high side. They also have a number of specialty burgers which sound crazy (one has peanut butter and bacon) but which I will eventually try just out of curiosity.Word of advice: make sure you check the Xavier men's basketball schedule before you go to Gordo's for dinner. Because it's one of the only decent food options near Cintas, it's usually slammed on game days (see my second paragraph for further details).
<review# 1199,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2010,6/16/2011,201,516,5,2,4>I have a history with tart frozen yogurt. My work moved me to northern California, where I lived for less than a year. During my time there, I discovered tart frozen yogurt. In that part of the country, yogurt shops are a dime a dozen. There are so many chains - national and local - as well as family-run shops. I ate so much yogurt in the short time I lived there because I was convinced that when moving to the Cincinnati area that I'd never find anything like my California yogurt.When I first went to the Kenwood Towne Center, I saw a friendly-looking sign saying "yagoot coming soon". I was curious, and looked it up later on that day...YOGURT! TART... FROZEN... YOGURT!I was ecstatic.I finally had a chance to eat some and was in love. My favorite will always be: any of the froyo flavors (they're all delicious!) topped with mochi, yogurt chips, and raspberries!Upon first bite, it took me back to California. Memories of palm tree lined streets, silhouetted mountains, 65-degree "winter" weather, and year-round farmers markets flooded my head.The only thing that sets Yagoot apart from the yogurt shops I went to in California is their ordering kiosk. The line was very long the last time I went, so I walked up to the computer that said it would allow me to cut line. Get my yogurt faster, why not?? :) I selected the size, flavor, and toppings, it asked for a swipe of my credit card, and it printed my receipt with a number on top. In less than a minute, my number was called! I happily pranced to the counter, receiving jealous glares from those still waiting in line, and snatched my cup of deliciousness from the friendly employee.I have yet to find the Yagoot location that is downtown (is it hiding from me??) but until I do I will happily drive 20 minutes to Kenwood for some delicious froyo.
<review# 1200,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2011,6/15/2011,34,39,7,4,3>I want to go back. Right now. DON'T TRY TO STOP ME. Being vegan pretty much means no pizza and no burgers. But this mystical Mac fellow seems to have conjured up a way for us to have both. I got a vegan pizza with a bunch of veggies and m'lady got a vegan burger. Both of us were quite pleased with the order, and I stole as many waffle fries from her as possible. Yeah, waffle fries. As if everything else wasn't enough they're going to go ahead and throw waffle fries onto the fire. I LIKE WAFFLE FRIES. The service was pretty good also, and it's a fun place inside. Go there, or you'll forever be haunted by the thoughts of "what if?".
<review# 1201,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2011,6/14/2011,96,121,6,1,2>I was invited to a tailgating event at the opening game for the Cincinnati Rollergirls team, which is a sentence I never thought I'd say in my life.  If you think having a rollergirl team in your city is obscure enough, the fans that go out in freezing weather to tailgate are meta-obscure. There was a copious amount of beer, food, and other snacks that made the Cafe de Wheels truck sad with envy. By sad with envy, I mean "Look at all those ruffians standing in the cold. I will sit here with my tea and adjust my monocle. Harump harump!"The seating is a free-for-all aside from the lower levels, and I swear I am not making this up, but I happened to sit next to the Indianapolis Rollergirl team. I introduced myself as Mike to their Captain, "J-Roller". Since I didn't know we were allowed to make up nicknames, I reintroduced myself as M-Dawg. Five beers later, I had a very solid idea of how the game plays.Both teams skate around in a circle at the same time. Each time has a "jammer" who starts behind everyone else, being "the pack". The jammers are girls who have stolen the leader of the pack's boyfriend in a rollerskating tournament. Since all men are impressed by rollerskating, it's a struggle to determine who's the best skater and win his affections.Of course, girls have cooties  - especially girls from out of town. The jammers have to skate past the pack, the whole time saying "Ew, ew, ew!" and trying to avoid catching the cootie bug. The first jammer to do this and skate into the heart of the young man will be designated the lead. The ref is obliged to point at the jammer to say "I'm going to hook up with her later". The leader then has the ability to call off the jam by tapping her hips repeatedly. As the chicken dance is only allowed at weddings, a foul is called, and the round has to be reset. This goes until time runs out, and after a halftime break for delousing, they go at it again. There are two games, first with the B-Team, then the A-Team. The A-Team is especially interesting, as they were a crack commando team sent to prison for a crime they didn't commit.Overall, I enjoyed the rollergirls game. The beer's cheap, the action plentiful, and you get to make up nicknames for yourself. If that's not the definition of a good time, I don't know what is.M-Dawg, signing off.
<review# 1202,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2011,6/13/2011,58,97,,6,3>One complaint many Cincinnatian's have is there aren't many options for pizza. I think this is a fairly solid complaint, we have our chains and our LaRosa's, but when the topic of pizza comes up there aren't a lot of independent pizza places brought up. Some day I would like to explore more pizza options in the area, I am sure there are some hidden gems.Newport Pizza Company is one of those hidden gems. When most go to Newport for pizza they will likely go to Dewey's, which is a very good choice. If you are looking for something different, go a couple blocks north on Monmouth to Newport Pizza Company. It's a small restaurant, but comfortable and has Cincinnati related decor.The menu is mostly pizza related, not many other options. I wouldn't say its a small menu though because they do have a lot of specialty pizza. The one pizza that I really want to try is The Cincinnatus, which is basically "Skyline Dip" on a pizza crust. Its a combination of two of my favorite foods, so next time I go will try it. On my visit I went with the perfect pepperoni. It comes out very hot straight from the oven. I really enjoyed the flavor of the cheese and pepperoni. There is only one style of crust to choose from.  The crust is a thinner one, not quite New York style, but pretty good.One other aspect I like about Newport Pizza Company is their beer selection. They have a wide varieties of beers to choose from, they got your standard Buds and Millers, and also lots of craft beers.I wouldn't say Newport Pizza Company is my favorite in the area, but it is one of the better pies I've had. If you are a pizza lover and looking for something new, I recommend  it.
<review# 1203,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2011,6/12/2011,112,150,5,1,6>Take the Cake sure can bake! You must eat here for goodness sakeTheir soups and sandwiches are so divineBut come early cause there usually is a lineBut once you taste your first biteYou'll see why the reviews are outta sightWho knew putting apples on grilled cheeseWould make me say, "Oooh more please!"They are so creative with their menu and bakin'So check out the chalkboard to see what they're makin'Their sweets are so scrumptious & make it worth the extra mileThat I'll know I'll have to run, but with a big ol' smile!So, head on over to Take the Cake your next lunch timeand I promise to end my silly rhyme!
<review# 1204,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2011,6/11/2011,48,174,2,2,3>The Party Source was best described to me as "The Toys R Us" for adults! The employees are by far more helpful than any one you'll find at Toys R Us though. Top 3 reasons why you need to visit:1. The bourbon. It is Kentucky after all.2. The pick your own 6 pack of beer in the walk in refrigerator is always great fun!3.They have some food from local favorite restuarants in the frigerated section in the front left of the store! Pick up the Mac & Cheese from Daveed's!
<review# 1205,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2011,6/10/2011,24,49,,2,3>I'm not a hipster, but I do dance like one, and I love Northside Tavern for their hipster dance scene! You will find me many a Friday night to participate in the ever popular Dance MF. And dance like a MF is exactly what I do! They do a great job of having hopping music in the back room for those who like to participate, nay EXPERIENCE, a good dance down after a long week of work while offering a series of other rooms for everyone else to chill, drink, eat or play pool.That's what I really like best about the tavern--that they have a little something for everyone. Along with the dance space, which also hosts live bands (which my husband frequents often) and theatre (we saw Second City Improv there one night with my parents), they have a great indoor and outdoor space for you to just hang out and have drinks with friends. Their patio is one of the best in the area and they have a great array of beer and spirits and you are guaranteed to find something you love! On top of all of this awesomeness it's affordable AND there is parking across the street--which is prime for being located in Northside!It's a space guaranteed to satisfy everyone in your group, whatever they enjoy, which makes it a great spot to meet up with friends!
<review# 1206,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2011,6/9/2011,73,57,2,4,1>Tucker's is the first place I truly fell in love with in OTR. As a southerner, I've always loved the classic greasy spoon. Tucker's is OTR's very own greasy spoon and has been so for decades now. Tucker's is a family owned, family run business and I can't imagine it any other way. Joe Tucker on the grill, wife Carla at the counter and "Mama" Tucker floating around taking care of everything and generally being a delight. In the dozens of times I've visited Tucker's for weekend brunch, I don't think I've ever not seen Joe at the grill. He's a machine.The menu is about what you'd expect. Breakfast & lunch counter items at fair prices. A lot of the items are sourced locally from Findlay Market and have that fresh taste that can be so hard to find. My favorite is The Classic: bacon, eggs, hashbrowns & toast. Joe Tucker makes the best hashbrowns I've ever had. There are even some veggie items.The space is small. 10 or so tight booths & 8 or so counter seats. Come in at noon and expect to wait a few minutes. Side street parking.Though I love the food, my favorite thing about Tucker's is the people. A great mix of locals & visitors, white collar, students, hipsters & street folk. Joe serves all types as long as they can pay. If you want the true OTR experience, your first stop for weekend breakfast/brunch has to be Tucker's.
<review# 1207,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2011,6/8/2011,30,69,,6,2>I had never taken Yoga before today, and some called me crazy for making my first class a Hot Yoga class. The only Yoga poses I knew from watching my girlfriend practice in her free time. Needless to say, I didn't know what to expect when I walked in to the 100 degree studio. I guess the reason for the 5 stars in based more on my experience taking Hot Yoga and less on the studio itself because I have nothing else to compare it to.When you walk in there is a nice waiting are with benches for you to take your shoes off and some clothing for sale as well. The prices are reasonable, $15 for a drop in or 70$ for 5 sessions. There are other packages as well. You can pay 20$ if you are a first timer and get unlimited classes for the first week. They have mats and towels for you to rent if you need them as well.The changing area is very clean and comfortable. The wooden sinks and benches set the kind of mood. There are two showers and cubbyholes where you can put your things.The class itself is very relaxing, at least it was for me. I don't know how it compare to traditional Yoga classes in terms of poses, but you sweat.... a lot. I felt great afterwards and was able to stretch out the spin class I took this morning.I will be coming back for sure. The staff was very friendly and willing to answer any beginner questions. Which reminds me, make sure you bring plenty of water!!
<review# 1208,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2011,6/7/2011,14,46,2,3,3>Roxy's, nee Hamburger Mary's, has been hit or miss over the course of its life at 909 Vine. When HM was originally open back in the day, it was a favorite happy hour spot and many fond memories were made there. When it reopened after the forgettable stint as Universal Grill, I was super happy. Unfortunately, the food failed to deliver consistently. A half dozen trips and never a "medium" burger cooked the same twice, plus a terrible experience with an improperly prepared order and the rude, unhelpful manager, and HM got demoted to "if nothing else is open or I'm feeling really, really lazy" status.And so, you can imagine that when the joint was reborn as Roxy's, I wasn't terribly enthused. Who's too cheap to pay their franchising fees?Same bitch, different makeup, so I thought. But alas, sometimes you crave a huge burger and fries at 11pm on a Sunday, and downtown this is pretty much the option, so I've gone back.And it was delicious. Perfectly prepared burger, well seasoned beef, just fatty enough but not greasy, Giminetti's bun, loads of toppings. "Pleasantly surprised" doesn't begin to describe it. And so, the next time dinner or take-out came up, Roxy's began to climb higher and higher on the list of places to choose. Now, after about 5 trips back, I can safely say that the issues with inconsistency have been completely resolved. When the HM name went away, the prices came down and in some respects the quality of the food actually went up.  (For example, there was a time when ordering sides was more like restaurant supply store freezer section roulette - not anymore.)I'm not yet willing to say that Roxy's is the best burger in Cincinnati, but it's definitely worth a stop.
<review# 1209,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2011,6/6/2011,129,88,4,4,4>Eating at Senate is similar to walking through a modern art museum. Invariably, there's a part of yourself that that says, "I could've done that." Or in Senate's case, "I could've made 10 Chicago dogs for THAT price."Most guys I know can easily eat two hot dogs, fries, and a drink, which would cost about 30 bucks at Senate. With that money, part of you has to be wondering if it could be better spent on an actual entree at a nice restaurant. So in a sense, I agree with those who feel that Senate is overpriced.However, like proponents of modern art or art in general, I'll concede that what's valuable here is not necessarily the cost ingredients, but the creativity behind the final product. This visit, I had the Senate burger, which was delicious. I particularly like the thickly sliced pickles that were more sweet than sour. I also sampled the lobster mac n cheese, and the bone marrow. Both of which were delightful.In my book, Senate can range from a 3 to a 5 based on what you value. If you're willing to judge Senate on a holistic level, then I'd definitely recommend it. But if you're going to pick apart your hot dog and calculate how much each ingredient costs at the market, then you'll probably feel too ripped off to enjoy the food in front of you.
<review# 1210,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2010,6/5/2011,57,155,3,3,2>Just wanted to write an update after having Willis out to our house again.We called them this past Sunday because our furnace wasn't coming on. I knew exactly what the problem was. The pilot light wasn't lit. I felt confident that I could light it, but my wife had visions of the house exploding, so she wanted to call a professional.So we called Willis. First off, they are open on Sunday, which is pretty amazing. Second, they were able to come the same day (granted it wasn't till 8pm that night).He quickly lit the pilot light, and then verified that the furnace was operating correctly. Quick, professional, and clean (they wear little booties over their shoes so they don't track dirt everywhere).I heartily recommend them.
<review# 1211,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/26/2010,6/4/2011,80,51,6,5,3>Anybody can be Judy Garland after a stiff drink. Below Zero is the place to go if you're looking for both - the opportunity to sparkle like a star and sip like a celebrity. The Over-the-Rhine venue offers around a hundred varieties of vodka, all stored at a chilly zero degrees Celsius, hence the bar's name. Bartenders here are quick but pour heavy, so be mindful as you sip those cocktails. Knock back a few, and you'll be ready for karaoke, which is regularly offered on Thursdays and occasionally other times in the week. I love this bar because they feature a couple massive flatscreen televisions that are dedicated to tunes by Madonna and Lady GaGa, as well as Judy Garland, Julie Andrews and other show tunes. Everyone is welcome at Below Zero, so if you come harboring some kind of prejudice, hatred or other malcontent, please go somewhere else. If you are prepared to be fabulous, fun and free - this bar would love to have you.
<review# 1212,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2011,6/3/2011,53,54,2,3,2>I went here for lunch during the work week. I expected for their to be a wait but we were greeted by a very friendly host and seated right away. The menu was wonderful! So many fabulous lunch options. Sushi was, of course expected, at a place called Mr. Sushi, but they also had amazing lunch bento boxes, rice bowls and variety plates- which I opted for. Each of the lunch items came with a delicious ginger salad and the iced tea was so good. The wait staff was very attentive and offered some suggestions. Which, with a menu this long was much appreciated. The prices are reasonable. You're looking at about $9-$15 for a bento box and about the same for the other options. The gentleman next to me had ordered about 6 sushi rolls and their plate looked beautiful! I am definitely going back for more soon.
<review# 1213,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2011,6/2/2011,18,46,,3,3>Findlay Market is one of the reasons I knew I would be ok when I moved to Cincinnati from Carolina. I explored it on my own on one of my visits prior to moving here and fell in love. I could get fresh local meat, cheese, produce all in one place? And amazing waffles and gelato?? I'm sold. I've found in the year and half I've been here that it's one of my favorite places and I always bring my relatives there when they come to visit. Every vendor I've ever delt with has been friendly and usually a joy to talk to.It's always so funny to me to meet people that have lived here their whole lives and never been because they are afraid of the area. I've never had an issue. I'm so grateful that such a place exsists here in Cincinnati.
<review# 1214,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2010,6/1/2011,113,79,2,3,1>I am on a personal crusade to make sure this place stays open. The food is authentic and everything I've ordered has been excellent. The carnitas and barbacoa tacos are awesome. They're served up naked - no mango salsas, no chorizo-lime-sour-cream, just meat and corn tortilla. Onions, cilantro and a squirt of lime juice and you're all set. Based on other reviews, I gather that they've had a tough time keeping up with the pace of downtown lunch rush. I hope they work that out, because it's a great addition to the food scene. For now, expect service to be a little inconsistent. Trust me though, give it a try. For my lunch money, it beats Chipotle any day.
<review# 1215,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2010,5/31/2011,89,141,,8,3>Best Feature: Food, service, and ambiance!Worst Feature: I literally can't list even ONE.This was, simply put, the best Japanese restaurant experience of my life thus far. I'm a huge fan of sushi and different kinds of food, so when my boyfriend and I decided to stop in here for lunch on a rainy Saturday, I had already been to several different restaurants and set the bar pretty darn high.However, this restaurant totally blew the other restaurants I've been to out of the water. I'll still visit my other favorites, but this earned a special place in this Cincinnatians heart.On first entry, the decor is fabulous - you truly feel like you've walked into a different world. They did a great job with the background music, the interior decor, and the overall aesthetic appeal of the place. We were led back down a hallway lit with bright red Chinese lanterns and given the choice - did we want to sit at a hibachi table and watch our food prepared or sit in a booth?We opted for booth, and I was astonished how, even though the booths were close together, they were still roomy and I was not disturbed by other tables. We had several bigger groups around us, yet the entire meal was not spent yelling to the other person across from me. I ordered a hibachi meal and a spicy tuna roll, and I almost wept with joy at the fantastic size of the sushi. I've been to many locations and some places are more sparse with the actual fish - you feel like you're gnawing on a rice ball with a little morsel of fish tucked inside. This restaurant was serious about their sushi - you had much more fish than you did rice, and getting the chance to savor the amazing flavor and texture of the sushi was a delightful experience.My hibachi meal had plenty of chicken and veggies; I also had a good portion of fried rice. It came with two sauces, and I was able to take some of it home for later (I totally overstuffed myself with their delicious food). My boyfriend ordered a Mexican roll, which was absolutely the biggest sushi roll I swear I've seen to date. They definitely gave you what I would normally want my sushi portions to be, and since this is a more expensive location, it's nice to get a good amount for the money you're investing in the experience.Our service was flawless - our waitress was always there to refill drinks or inquire how we were doing. She was chipper and served everything in a timely manner - we had enough time to savor our appetizers before the meal was brought out. Everything was timed to perfection - I couldn't have asked for more!I will definitely be returning here. I've decided this restaurant will most likely be the chosen location for my birthday celebration come this winter; they've given me absolutely no reason to complain and I've already spread the word amongst family and friends.If you have never tried any Japanese dish before, this would definitely be a great place to start. If you are looking for a good restaurant to take friends or loved ones, do not miss out on this gem. It was worth the longer trip we took to enjoy what is definitely an unforgettable meal.
<review# 1216,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2011,5/30/2011,120,162,6,4,7>Nothing better than a lazy Sunday drive down Route 8 and across the Anderson Ferry.  Step back in time to a ferry that has been in operation since the Monroe Administration.On either side you pull up and wait no more than ten minutes.  This gives you plenty of time to soak in the rolling hills, lush with rich green in the spring and summer months, of the Mighty Ohio River Valley.  The ferry operator will collect your money once the boat gets moving.Once on the boat there are so many things to do during the short five minute voyage.  You could stay in your car like a lame, or get out and feel the breeze blow in your hair and further enjoy the sights.  You might even harken back your school days and pretend that its the Oregon Trail and you are fording a river (don't loose the oxen!) or you could try and figure out the angle and velocity needed to get to the other side (pyshics wasn't my thing).  But if you are most people, you will just take photos and walk around the deck.  Whatever you choose to do with those few brief moments, it is hard to argue the beauty that you get to see on this nautical voyage, and brief enough that you won't get seasick.The hours vary by season, as the river fluctuates.  There usually isn't a problem but it is a river, and despite our best efforts, we can't control it entirely so the ferry could be delayed or not operate.  Weather permitting,  from Nov-Apr its open 6am-8pm and on Sunday opens at 10am.  From May-Oct its 6am-9:45pm and Sunday opens at 9am.  Closed on Christmas Day.  Cars are 4, trucks are 4 and up, round trip is 7, and if you are bold enough you can cross it on foot or bike for much less.  If you choose this route there is plenty of parking on both sides.  Again, perfect for lazy drives for going to either Delhi or Boone County, yes there are some things to do in the County of Boone.  Not quite a three hour tour, but toss in that lead foot for a pair of sea-legs, a ball cap for a pirate hat, and sunglasses for an eye patch, for a great 5 minutes of nautical awesomeness.  And it will only set you back 4 doubloons!
<review# 1217,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2011,5/29/2011,149,113,,4,2>This place has to have one of the most spectacular views of downtown Cincy. It's tucked away on Oregon street, off the hustle and bustle of St. Gregory and Pavillion St. One of handful of dive bars in Mt. Adams, this place features pool, jukebox, and outdoor deck. Their burgers are pretty darn awesome, and so are the drink prices.
<review# 1218,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2011,5/28/2011,63,59,,3,2>This was my second trip to Vitor's Bistro and outside of the little than longer wait, I was still very impressed.  I, again, ordered the "Best of Taste" French Toast and was very, very pleased.  When you see it on the plate, you expect it to be very heavy and rich.  While it is a rich dish, it is suprisingly light and airy.  I won't go into the details of the French Toast because another reviewer has already described it.  But, I will say that it is one of those dishes where you are taken back and don't want anyone talking to you while you eat it.  It is definately worth the trip to the West Side, as well as the little than normal wait.  If you get there earlier (by 10:00) on a Saturday morning, it isn't as crowded so the wait isn't bad.I plan to go back for lunch or dinner out on the patio.  The patio looks like somtehing out of a French Cafe.  They have also recently turned one of the rooms into a lounge area with leather couches, small cocktail table, and candles - great embiance. I think Chef Vitor is definately on to something!
<review# 1219,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2010,5/27/2011,37,58,2,6,3>This place is a hidden gem.  Free popcorn.  The many huge flat screens play 80s one hit wonder videos while you sip on your Great Lakes draft.  And if Pabst Blue Ribbon is your thing, try $1.50/ pint. That price beats Northside Tavern, Mayday, and The Comet for sure.  Its off the beaten path, and its worth the two blocks off Hamilton hike.  Great Lakes dominates the draft tower, which is fine with me.  They also have a large assortment of bottles, including locally brewed Mt. Carmel.  It is a real mystery to me why this place isn't packed.  Its clean, plenty of good 'n cheap bevs, and sweet sweet tunes rocking the night away.  The only bad part is that its not on the main strip in Northside, but seriously folks--- its 2 blocks away.
<review# 1220,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2011,5/25/2011,235,393,2,3,2>After my experience here purchasing shoes for running - I'll never just go buy sneakers from any ol' place. When you go in there - they'll see that you are properly fitted for running/walking/cross training or whatever your heart desires! I just started running recently, and the shoes I've been using had been giving me problems (I ordered them online). The salesperson watched me walk around the store and got a sense of what my feet needed. She also fitted me in a pair that had a little extra room in the toes, as apparently your toes swell when you first start running.I am SO happy with the shoes and have felt better about running ever since. It also didn't set me back all that much considering the price of some of their other items.
<review# 1221,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2010,5/24/2011,26,181,3,1,3>This is the restaurant my husband and I took our parents to in September 2010 for the first meeting and it did not disappoint!  Beautiful view at night, good wine and delicious food.  A 5 star night for sure! Love the old school vibe.  This is an older crowd and when I say older I am talking the average age is about 85. Depending on where you live in the city and if you are not familiar with Price Hill you might be thinking  "Toto, I've a feeling we're not in Hyde Park anymore.".  Trust me, you won't be disappointed and your night will definitely be interesting.   Well worth the trip over the the West Side.
<review# 1222,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2010,5/23/2011,181,524,3,3,3>Something about walking into Jungle Jim triggers a mad urge to buy everything that is hard to find anywhere else.  By the end of my wandering, I leave with much more than I planned to buy.  Much more.  Sure, part of it is because Jungle Jim's isn't exactly close to me and shopping trips here are rare because it's time consuming.  But the other part of it is that 2nd generation Taiwanese in me getting ridiculously excited to see the foods from my childhood in its very own section.  Jungle Jim's is a massive... well, jungle, of international groceries surrounded by kooky decorations collected from amusement parks and who-knows-where.  There are staple products for more ethnic cuisines than I have ever seen in a store.  On top of that, you will find all the usual groceries, plus a huge selection of cheeses, beers, and wines.  The excitement of seeing familiar and rarely found products is enough to stave off the fatigue of wandering through the seemingly endless maze of aisles until I am nearly at the registers. I end my trips to Jungle Jim's generally exhausted but exhilarated (about the goodies, not the bill) each time.  Besides the goods, it truly is a one of kind Cincinnati experience.  Block off a morning and check it out!
<review# 1223,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2011,5/22/2011,54,44,,2,4>The Avenue is a great place to stop by for a drink,  the inside is very modern and very classy looking.  The former location of a strip club still has the old sign for "The Pad" up on the wall.  I hadn't ever been to the pad but now I've been to its successor quite a few times and I'm pleasantly surprised so far.  The staff there are fun and friendly, willing to joke around with random strangers.The first couple of times I came here were busier nights, they occasionally have a DJ playing music and a line of ladies waiting to dance on their pole near the front of the bar.  That's all good fun but for me a mid-week evening at the Avenue is more the speed I look for.  They have a lot of seating that is very comfortable, a half dozen or more couches to sit on all of which look very clean and not worn down from years of abuse.Their Monty Python's Holy Grail Ale pint night was great fun and I heard rumors of a potential Big Lebowski themed White Russian night in mid May 2011.  The patio area has interesting furniture, the phrase that came to mind when I first saw it was "Art Deco Fisher Price".  The furniture has an interesting look to it but it is made out of plastic for durability and washability.  It looks good but it was a bit funny at first.  They also have heaters available if it is cold out on the patio.I have enjoyed this location everytime I've been here and will continue to go for other events or just for a beer.
<review# 1224,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2010,5/21/2011,62,137,4,2,2>It's no secret I think Cincinnati has awesome sushi (see reviews for Beluga and Dancing Wasibi) so Ichiban is a welcome addition to the scene.My bff and I tried to grab seats at Dancing Wasibi at 7, what a joke. The line was literally out the door so I walked to see what the waiting list looked at. I have never been given so many dirty looks by hungry sushi-deprived diners in my life. So naturally I hauled ass out of there and the bf suggested Ichiban. I loved this place when it was Aqua and the booths are super spacious and comfy. Half-price sushi night didn't disappoint and our server was super sassy and sweet. The rolls were similar to quality to Dancing Wasabi. What kills me about this place, and maybe Cincinnati in general, was the amount of diners sitting at candle light tables in sweatpants. I know I lived in Boston too long because I was a little put off. Anyways, my snobby attitude subsided after a couple champagne cocktails (get the one with strawberry) and I was a happy camper.Price: My friend and I both had drinks and two rolls each and the bill barely hit 40 bucks. WIN!
<review# 1225,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2011,5/20/2011,94,404,2,12,3>If Peruvian is about the last type of food you expected to see in middle-class and Midwestern and normally monocultural Mt. Washington, you'd be about as surprised as I was by Tumi Cafe's recent appearance on Beechmont.  Tumi Cafe is something else.  It's nominally a Peruvian restaurant, but put aside all your preconceptions, because this place is operated single-handedly by an Irish-American woman from Pittsburgh who, on the night we were there, was decked out in Steelers gear and jamming to some classic rock on the radio.  This is an old-school cafe in a New Age setting.  It's miniscule, with only four tables.  Cheryl, the aforementioned proprietor, is an enthusiastic and engaging hostess.  She's not in it for the money but basically to give something back to her neighbhorood.  She's running this tiny place--four tables--almost without help.  She does almost all of the cooking, serving, and cleaning.  And she has learned these Peruvian dishes well, apparently from a Peruvian friend and mentor.  We shared the aji de gallina and cau cau, chicken dishes that were both satisfying comfort food.  The home-cooking style, along with the mismatched tables, plates, and linens, gives the enticing effect of dining in the home of a very friendly stranger.  Warning:  If you arrive near closing, the Tumi Cafe will likely be out of almost everything on the menu, and your choices will be limited.Cheryl hopes to make this a primary meeting spot for Mt. Washington's arts community, and a corner of the place is devoted to that community.  She has been hosting small music combos of different types.A slightly surreal and somewhat disorienting but fascinating and flavorful experience.
<review# 1226,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2011,5/19/2011,27,98,,3,3>Grilled cheese is one of those foods that I just never seem to eat nowadays. It's not that I don't like them; in fact, bread and cheese are two of my favorite foods. It's just, unlike other folks the idea of making it just never pops into my head. I'm not sure if it's the simplicity of it or what, but I might have two or three of them a year.Struggling mightily with the lunch choices downtown as usual, it struck me that I could go for something hearty. What is better on a cold day than a grilled cheese and some soup? With that in mind, I walked over to the Tom + Chee Court Street location to grab myself some of both.Tom + Chee is an order at the counter, have your name hollered, and sit to eat (or take it out, like I did) type restaurant. There is a pretty good amount of seating in their space, but it looks like only a few tables for large groups. There were a few people in front of me in line so I perused the nemu and settled on the turkey pesto grilled cheese and a cup of chili.I hustled back to the office so the food didn't get cold and so I could fill my starving belly. I unwrapped the perfectly toasted sandwich and took a bite of one of the best sandwiches I've had since I've moved here. Thick, buttery toasted sourdough is perhaps the best type of bread for a grilled cheese sandwhich, and they nailed it. To my delight, the turkey was actual pieces of turkey, not the sliced turkey lunchmeat which drives me crazy in sandwiches like this one. They used just the right amount of pesto: flavorful, but not overwhelming. Finally, there was enough mozzarella cheese to hold everything together and counteract the crunch of the bread, but not so much that it made a sloppy mess.The chili was great, too. It was more liquid than I'm used to eating, but they really nailed the flavor. It contained less beans and more meat (which is ok in my book), onions, small chunks of tomato, and green peppers. It had a heat presence, but wasn't too spicy. Overall, very well done.Tom + Chee is flat out awesome. It drives me crazy that I haven't been here since they opened the store front, but I guess better late than never, right? I will definitely be back. There were five or six other things on their menu that I decided I must try.
<review# 1227,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2011,5/18/2011,20,29,,4,2>Brunch Review: I'm already a fan of the Rookwood's food, but I just got in to check out their new brunch offerings, of which we tried 3 (2 savory meals and 1 sweet--that's how I brunch). The list isn't very extensive--8 or 9 brunch dishes (lunch items are also available)--but to me it's perfect because it pretty much covers the bases for the types of things I would ever order for brunch: Eggs Benedict, Omlette du Jour, Goetta Sandwich, Monte Cristo, Lemon Ricotta Pancakes, and a Mexican-inspired dish with pork, green chiles and cotija cheese. We had a really hard time narrrowing it down to even 4 and needed the server's input to help us get to 3. I consider myself an eggs benedict connoisseur and this was one of the best I've ever had: poached eggs, english muffins, spinach, leek, smoked tomato hollandaise, with bacon & hash browns. The smoked tomato hollandaise is really what makes it a standout--not too rich, but just rich enough to balance out the spinach. The leeks are a nice touch too. It's really a perfect combination of flavors. We also loved the lemon ricotta pancakes, which come with a topping of the week. We were there on the right week--honey balsamic figs with toasted almonds. Beat that! Yes, you may spend an extra $5-10 on your brunch here, but I'll pay it all day.
<review# 1228,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2011,5/17/2011,72,56,2,2,2>Virgil's is a prime example of how good things can be when one of the inmates is running the asylum.No struggles here with an owner stifling the creativity of the head chef, not when they are one in the same person.Looking for a view to die for from your table?  You are probably not going to find it here (unless you are a huge fan of downtown Bellevue).  But you can't eat that to die for view and on the plus side; you are not going to paying for said view.  What you will find here is an ever changing menu of great food, carefully prepared, using as many local ingredients as possible and served up by people who seem to know that they are part of something special.I have been here for brunch, lunch, happy hour and a special event, with nary a disappointment.  One word of warning; when they refer to a spicy Bloody Mary, they mean SPICY, the next time I was in I requested one at half strength and it was wonderful.  I look forward to going in for a dinner some time soon.Also, although they accept credit cards, if possible they do request that you pay with cash.  Avoiding the processing fees associated with credit cards will help keep the overhead lower and allow Virgil's to continue to give you the best possible taste experience for your money.people
<review# 1229,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/16/2010,5/16/2011,30,68,1,5,5>My mom and I wanted somewhere to go after a long day of shopping at Kenwood last Sunday.  I'm not too familiar with the Kenwood area, so I whipped out my fancy Yelp app, and we agreed on Trio.  Trio is a classy American restaurant, and the menu was filled with fancy pork chops and steaks, and a small amount of pastas and salads.  My mom ordered the goat cheese crusted pecan salad and Mediterranean flat bread and I ordered the mushroom ravioli.  It seemed like most of the salads came complimentary with an entree.  I opted for the Caesar salad.  It was very good and not overdressed, which is one of my pet peeves.  It was however, very large.  The ravioli was good as well, but by the time I had finished my salad, I could only eat a couple of bites.  I especially liked the combination of mushrooms, yellow tomatoes, and herbs on top.  My mom's goat cheese salad:  also HUGE!  She had no room for her flat bread once it arrived.  The couple of bites I had as leftovers though were very good!  I liked the greens on top- they were a nice change of texture.  Our waitress- not so great.  She didn't even stop by to see how our salads were, and seemed too busy to take care of the of us the rest of the time.  My mom and I seemed to be a bit younger than most people in the restaurant- lots of canes and scooters.  It does seem like a perfect place to take your parents or meet the parents!  Although the food is very American and does not seem too "adventurous" I would love to come back again- I'll just make sure to save up first!
<review# 1230,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2011,5/15/2011,21,107,,5,4>I live just around the corner from Dutch's, so to be fair, I'm biased. This is just about as good as a local gets. The first time I went in, I met the owner and the owner's parents, all within ten minutes. Every time I go back, I make a new friend. And that's just the people. Plenty of reviewers have already commented on the excellent accessibility and variety of the beer dock, where you can mix and match six packs and cases with the expert guidance of the staff and the awesome selection of bottles they have. It's a really unique walk-up experience, and I highly recommend it.But really, I want to write about the bar. Yes, it's small, and yes, it can get very crowded on Thursday, Friday, and Saturday nights. But it's a wonderful place. If you get there early (cocktail hour, dinner hour), you can almost always get a seat at the bar. And in the summer months, they have an excellent back patio with loads of extra seating and a bocce court.Dutch's keeps a small selection of beer and wine on tap and by the glass. The selection, while small, is always interesting, very reasonably priced, and rotates constantly (at least every two weeks, often more frequently). The bartenders and owners (Gabe and Pam), are extremely knowledgeable about the beer and wine they offer and are a real delight to chat with.I see that some people are complaining about the parking. Yes, Erie is always jam-packed. But the side streets have plenty of free parking, so it should be a problem. And the beer and wine selection at Dutch's makes it worth a block or two walk.While it can get crowded, I'm delighted that it's as small as it is. The seating enables an easy social atmosphere and encourages you to chat with the bartenders and the other patrons. And, as I mentioned, in the warmer months there's loads more seating available in the back.The only drawback to Dutch's is that it doesn't have a kitchen. The owners do not mind if you carry in your own food or order pizza from Hyde Park Pizza down the street, though, so this can be easily overcome. Bottom line: it's a fabulous place to drink some delicious libations and meet some fun and eccentric locals.
<review# 1231,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2011,5/14/2011,174,628,4,5,6>I'll come right out and say it: textbook definition of a kid in a candy store. What does this mean? You WILL get too much. Bring a friend. If you want it, they have it. It's like that, for real. At something like $0.40 per ounce, a lot of dessert isn't going to break the bank. I walked in and balked at the size of the tubs they had to choose from, but was informed you could put as little as you wanted into the tub. I went with the smaller size, and to be quite honest, despite my best attempts, ended up nearly filling the thing. Did I mention you get to help yourself?They have 12 different yogurt flavors to choose from and you are free to mix and match. For my first time out I went for a combination of strawberry and raspberry. I added in fresh strawberries (not in syrup!), black berries, cheesecake crumbles and coconut. Yum! I'll admit the cookies and cream caught my eye...It's like Charlie and the chocolate factory (the Depp/Burton one) meets Asian IKEA. (If that existed) The floors and walls are covered in stone as are the tables. They have columns and arches and odd colors and 'lucky bamboo.' Everything is clean, simple and sparkling. It's all backed up with a techno beat.Uber friendly. Like cold stone employees on energy drinks. But surprisingly not annoying.  Go figure. First time? 10% off! How about them apples? It took me a second to regain my footing from the greeting I received when walking through the door. I think he saw the look of confusion and amazement on my face. I got a personal guided tour including the low-down on all the finer points. He definitely made me feel right at home.The best part? You get to weigh out all the fat pounds you are putting on before you pay. Then you can walk over to the rec center and calculate the calories necessary to shed them.  : /Duke, maybe not, but I'll have to eventually become a regular...if a candy shop like this can't make you a kid, I don't know what can, and who can't use a kid break now and again?
<review# 1232,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2011,5/13/2011,58,439,2,4,2>This place is a total throwback southern diner that makes you feel like you've entered another place and time when you walk through the doors. The kind of place where the servers all call you "darlin" or "sweetheart" and mean it. The kind of place where the Elvis and James Dean on the wall look like they were collected over time with love and not just stuck up there for artificial ambiance. My husband's burger was massive (The Traditional) and he said quite good. We both got the onion rings which were super crunchy and very tasty.  I went with the Grouper-- when the menu says "why Floridians say the best Grouper is in KY", how can you not? It was a huge piece of fish with a crunchy cornmeal batter (also available grilled) and served with tartar sauce. My meal came with 2 sides, which along with the onion rings, I got a side salad to start. Good to have some green to kick off my fried feast and pleasantly surprised there was no up-charge for that as a side item. I'm definitely going back for a little Southern soul food and the smile it's served with.
<review# 1233,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2011,5/12/2011,21,78,4,11,4>I must confess, that if there is a place to be or become a gluttonous sinner, SmoQ is it.Generally I'm not a fan of large portions. Perhaps it's because I don't want to eat a lot of the same thing, but my own personal buffet sur la table, that I'll take. So when I ordered the smoked barbeque chicken with a sweet potato pecan waffle and the waitress asked, "What sides do you want with that?" I was like, "Yippee!" That meal would not have been complete without a side of macaroni & cheese and sweet potato brulee. Down that with some smoked peach tea and Sayonara New Year's resolution!Guilt.. Guilt.. Guilt...Seriously though, Smoq is a lesson in what great barbecue should be. In a city that obsesses over sauce, I found Smoq to be the antithesis to that one aristocratic institution. Here they prefer substance, over sauce, and it is substantially better. The barbeque chicken I devoured was phenomenal.  Two words rarely used in the same sentence, chicken & phenomenal. It was tender, juicy, barely sauced, with beautifully browned crispy skin. Table side was a selection of three different kinds barbeque sauce: Carolina Hot, Kansas City Sweet, and Memphis Mild. One bite in and I thought thanks, but no thanks. I didn't dare mask that wonderful subtle smokey flavor. If Smoq leaves anything to be desired, it is dimmer lights (not much to look at) and real butter. The glutton in me says, "Ask Jean Robert for some!" But in the end, if Smoq smokes it, I'll eat it!  Sauce, nor bib required.
<review# 1234,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2011,5/11/2011,69,143,3,4,4>Oh wow!!! I never thought that I'd find authentic Mexican food in this area, but here it is -- fyi, it's in a big plaza with Dollar Tree but the sign is on its own next to Taco Bell, which made it a bit hard to find at first. Just walking into the restaurant reminded me of my LA days. I was also thrilled to see the frozen margaritas on the menu; I got a strawberry one, which had the perfect amount of tequila and did not disappoint. I ordered one of the dinner combos (chile relleno, beef enchilada, beans and rice) and was thoroughly stuffed by the end of the meal. The only complaint I have is that the cheese was too runny. I happen to be a cheese connoisseur, so that kind of rubbed me the wrong way. HOWEVER the taste of the food was still right on the mark. And to the reviewer who hated the chips: how??? These were authentic Mexican style tortilla chips with amazing salsa. Seriously, I was so excited that my head almost exploded. I see many more trips to Rio Grande in my future!
<review# 1235,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2010,5/10/2011,131,60,,2,3>What a beautiful ensemble! We saw Mozart's Requiem with this company and it was worth every penny. (This can be an expensive experience, of course, so keep an eye out for specials!) I was floored by the performance. Before the performance, I was curious as to whether it'd be more abstract or so story-driven it'd be dull. I was pleased to find the performance to be right in the middle: accessible enough that all four of us really connected to it, abstract enough that we all took away our own interpretations of various parts of the story.I found myself ruminating about art in general. For someone as tied to a computer as I am, it was really beautiful to see something so human. My boyfriend commented on a particular part of the opening routine where the dancers were slightly off-sync-- well of course they were. They're human, not automated. We were watching a dance that would only happen that exact way one time, no matter how much they practiced. That's what separates art from... well, just about everything else.
<review# 1236,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2011,5/9/2011,12,75,1,3,1>The Lackman is a truly unique common ground for hipsters and downtown nine-to-fivers to congregate for a few frosty barley pops at the end of the day.  I was very surprise wondering in here to see a fairly diverse group of people that I would not typically expect to be bumping elbows in the same bar.  The beer selection is fantastic...I had an Imperial Stout that they had on tap, which sent me to the state of buzzed in no time flat; delicious!It has a similar feel to that of The Righteous Room, but is in (in my opinion) a much cooler part of town.  This slowly regentrifying portion of OTR has much to offer in the range of food and quirky and trendy drinking establishments.  Definitely worth stopping in for a beer or two before or after dinner at Lavomatic or perhaps the Senate.Check it out!
<review# 1237,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2011,5/8/2011,211,416,1,7,1>So in exactly how many reviews am I going to have to admit that I'm a total francophile?  Probably a few more than those in which I will admit that I love... the mail.  Yes, the mail.  Correspondence.  I love it.  And I'm pretty sure that I've mentioned that I love wine, right?Well... Francophilia + mail + wine = La Poste.And my love for La Poste doesn't stop there.  The service is perfect.  Flawless.  Really.  The timing was great, orders were placed in a synchronized fashion.  Every detail was attended to.  It was great.  I can't say enough about the professional service.The food is great.  I was dining with a group of pescetarians, and there were more than enough options for everyone to get what they wanted.  Some of the highlights were the crab cake, scallops and the salmon dish.  The ravioli is quite popular, but also quite rich.  If you plan on order the ravioli, then maybe you want to forgo the salutation course.I'm a little upset that I didn't visit La Poste earlier.  Definitely one of Cincinnati's must-try restaurant destinations.
<review# 1238,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2011,5/7/2011,185,70,2,2,2>I am as far from being vegan as they come. Give me a juicy, red steak over a turkey burger any day. Seriously. So when I was first dragged out to this restaurant, I was dating a vegan. Of course. But when I was perusing the menu - many of the items sounded amazing for brunch. I ended up getting the Green Dog egg benedict, and my was it yummy. They also have the best fruit ensemble ever. Most places (Bob Evans) will just give you fruit such as grapes, strawberry and call it a day. This place had cantelope, blackberries, blueberries...kiwi even, I believe!If you're also looking for a spot that isn't over crowded during Sunday church vultures, this is the best place for that. It's opened up, and still somewhat tucked away that people are not sure it exists. Basically, this is NOT your neighborhood First Watch. :)
<review# 1239,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2011,5/6/2011,82,119,1,3,2>First I have to thank Yelp for making me aware of La Mexicana's existence. Since moving to Cincinnati, I have been looking for a real Mexican tacqueria. While I have tried Tacqueria Mercado and it does a fine job, it just isn't my personal favorite. Apparently the problem was that I was looking in the wrong state. We just had our first dinner at La Mexicana and I'm sure it will not be our last visit. Service was attentive and the food was yummy. I had three tacos (asada, birria, and al pastor) and the husband had a chorizo burrito. I enjoyed all three of my tacos, but really appreciated the excellent char on the asada. The husband also found his burrito tasty. La Mexicana has a great Mexican beverage selection, including many different Jarritos flavors.  I chose Mango Jarritos this evening. Are they the best tacos I have ever had? Probably not - but they are definitely far and away the best I have had around Cincy. Very similar to what you might find at one of the taco trucks in Columbus or a tacqueria in Chicago. I would definitely recommend giving them a try.
<review# 1240,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2010,5/5/2011,39,35,,8,4>Simply put, J&W has some of the best barbeque I have found in Cincinnati. No, there's not a fantastic view of the river (no place to sit!) or pictures of celebrities and athletes who've visited. This is no-frills, home-style soul food - at its best. A trailer on a corner and a smoking grill is all they need. My favorites:- The beef ribs. Huge, tender and smoky, you get 4 per order.- The chicken. The half-chicken is smoky, juicy and will easily feed 2- Pork Chops. Deep fried and covered in their signature sauce. They offer 2 sauces, and will gladly 'mix' - which provides the perfect combination of sweet and spicy. All of the dinners are under $10 and include 2 sides. I recommend the greens, sweet potatoes, green beans and mac & cheese.J&W is take-out only, so don't plan your business dinner here. Do make sure you have plenty of paper towels - its messy. Sweet, smoky, bbq-the-way-it-was-meant-to-be messy.Open Wednesday - Saturday, noon to 8pm.
<review# 1241,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2010,5/4/2011,60,98,3,3,2>Tonight was my first visit to this lovely establishment. Like other people have noted, when walking down the street, you wouldn't even know this place was here, but you'll find it downtown at the corner of Court and Plum, and once you step foot inside, you will be happy you did.I chatted with one of the owners for a bit, and found out that they run a $10 wine tasting on Thursday nights (from 5:30-8pm), complete with food pairings. Their space is gorgeous, and well outfitted. The wines are reasonably priced as well, and they have a nice assortment. I told them I am a fan of white wines, particularly sweeter ones, and was immediately given what instantaneously became my new favorite wine (I forget the brand, but it was a 2007 Sauvignon Blanc).Just when you think the first floor is really cute, wait, it gets better: there are two more floors. I only ventured onto the second floor, which was a great positive space, where I would love to host a party. In fact, they are very accommodating to anyone who is interested in using their delightfully charming space for events.I always like to check out the bathrooms at places I go to warn folks off if they happen to be groadsville. I didn't check the men's room, but I have a full report on the ladies room, which is about as pink as a restroom can be. I found one thing a little off-putting, well, not if you barely clear five feet tall like myself, but for taller girls, you can see over the tops of the stalls. So for the taller ladies, put on your blinders when using the fabulous pink facilities. Or use one of the other stalls. Other than that one oddity, the restrooms get a squeaky clean vote of confidence.
<review# 1242,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2011,5/3/2011,96,93,10,8,5>So, I'm sitting at my desk (Yelping, of course) and my daughter walks in and lays the mail on my desk.  It's a wad of advertising so I pick the clutter up and file it in the trash basket. I notice something different about a piece mixed up in the wad. It's black and red print on simple white paper. I fish it out and read, "Peking Restaurant, Delicious Chinese Food, Eat In & Take Out, Mandarin, Szechuan, Hunan, Cantonese" I read over the menu and it's brilliant and it's inexpensive and it's in Latonia by the Kroger on Winston, and maybe I'll stop in some time and try it... And, I'm about to throw the menu back in the trash and I see it..!!! On the front, I hadn't noticed it before, but there it was in big, bold black and red print... "WE DELIVER!!"  Oh heck yes..!! A freakin' Chinese joint that delivers to my home... I didn't think there was one in this area, I didn't even know this one was in Latonia... I called, I ordered and it was delivered...I got the Egg Drop (Brilliant), Roast Pork Fried Rice (So Good), Sweet & Sour Chicken (the Chicken was Delicious, as was the sauce),  and some Crab Rangoon (Mmm...).  My wife enjoyed her Kung Pao Chicken & Shrimp (I did as well) and my daughter loved her Moo Shu Shrimp (and so did I.) I finished my meal (and much of theirs) and sat back in my chair to eat my fortune cookie.  I cracked it open and the fortune read, "A Wise Man is Contientious of His Waste." Just sayin'...
<review# 1243,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2011,5/2/2011,143,423,2,10,4>I couldn't be more excited that this gym opened in Covington. I was totally sold on Crossfit the first time I tried it at Crossfit NKY. Unfortunately, that gym was too far of a drive to get to regularly. Crossfit Covington opened in early March and offer yoga and Thai body work in addition to Crossfit classes. For those unfamiliar with Crossfit, it is unlike anything that you experience in a typical gym. Set in what seems to be a restored garage, the feel of the place is a cross between a boxing gym and a gymnastics studio. Medicine balls, pull-up bars, and heavy weights are scattered throughout but don't let this intimidate you because all of the exercises can be modified to fit your fitness level. The workout begins with a brief run through of what to expect in the workout and then a warm-up. Workouts aren't terribly long but more intense that anything that you'll do running on a treadmill or lifting dumbbells. If you want to check out, they offer a free intro class every Saturday at 10 am. Come prepared to sweat!
<review# 1244,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2011,5/1/2011,105,60,4,6,3>I don't normally write reviews immediately after leaving the joint, but this place warrants it. Any place that lets you enjoy a solid stromboli whilst reading an old Archie comic is seriously good stuff. Yes, I said whilst. Checking that one off the list.Located at the southern end of the Mainstrasse Restaurant/Bar strip, Fatty Patty's doesn't exactly sound incredibly appetizing. However, I was ridiculously hungry, and wanted to try something new. Wednesdays mean $6 calzones and strombolis, and I'm a sucker for a weekly special.Upon entering the restaurant, it becomes readily apparent that this place used to be a house (to be confirmed later during my visit to the men's bathroom, where there was a shower curtain hiding the bathtub). It's a small area and doesn't have more than 10 tables, but I'm a fan of intimate, comfy settings, so no complaints here.And My God, the motif. Comic strip/book/cartoon characters like Calvin & Hobbes, Garfield, Archie, and the Simpsons populate the walls in all manner of memorabilia. This, in addition to the presence of comic books and comic strips on the tables, pretty much kept a constant smile on my face. The fantastic works of Mike Maydak also hang on the walls. Seriously, check him out.Oh, right, the food. I ordered a stromboli with sausage, green pepper, and mushroom. Really tasty. They could have just served me the bread it was baked in, and I would have been satisfied. My friend had a steak hoagie and the garlic fries (seasoned, not real garlic), which she liked a lot.I can't say enough good things about this place. Yes, it's small, and yes, the service may be a little slow, but give them a break. There's one person in the kitchen and one working the register/ice cream counter/floor. I'd say they're doing a great job. Keep it up, Jennifer!This is a new Covington favorite!
<review# 1245,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2011,4/30/2011,10,53,2,2,3>Should've gotten the buger.  Should've gotten the burger.  That's all I could think while my husband bit into his juicy hamburger.  We went to Arthur's on an unseasonably warm April night.  I have always enjoyed Arthur's, but in the winter I'd only give it 3 stars because the seating is so tight.  But when you can enjoy the New Orleans-esque patio with Christmas lights and gas-lit lanterns, I'll throw in another star strictly for the ambiance.  Arthur's is known for it's burgers, but for some reason I was drawn to the Grilled Gouda sandwich.  The waitress described it as "light," and if I can get a "light" grilled cheese, I can't pass it up.  Unfortunately, the sandwich was not ooey-gooey hot when it came out, which is the only way to properly serve grilled cheese.  I know gouda is a hard cheese, and therefore harder to melt, but there has to be a way to get it hot without burning the bread.  Get on that.  The sandwich also had bacon, tomato, and spinach, but I left out the spinach.My husband's burger, however, was a "great burger."  Believe me, this is high praise from my husband, who could never cut it as a Yelp reviewer.  99% of the time he describes his meal as "just alright."  Next time I will for sure order the Boursin cheeseburger, and not think twice about it!The service was wonderful, the food and drink cheap, and the patio is a great place to enjoy a meal on a warm evening.
<review# 1246,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2010,4/29/2011,64,159,,10,1>I can think of no better way to celebrate my recent acceptance as an Elite Yelper than by writing a review about my favorite restaurant in Cincinnati.  It's a place I actually discovered on a business trip about two years before I moved to Cincinnati.  And when I got here, it was one of the first places I returned to.  It took me awhile to find it again (it's located right across the street from the Aronoff Performing Center for the Arts), since I didn't know the city all that well.  But when I did find it, ohhhh, but happy day.As I mentioned I first discovered this little hole-in-the-wall on a business trip before actually moving to Cincinnati.  I was attending a conference downtown and during the lunch break my colleague and I decided to avoid all the restaurants all the other delegates were going to (a list of nearby eateries had been given to all of us when we checked in) as we wanted to avoid the long waits we had encountered as all 3000 delegates went to the same six restaurants that had been listed.  Plus we wanted to see a little more of downtown Cincinnati.  So we decided to take a stroll.As we walked we noticed a small table with a red-and-white checkered tablecloth with a lone candle covered in overflowing wax in front of small window that was covered by a small canopy.  Catching our eye we made our way there and realized it was an Italian restaurant."I could go for Italian," my co-worker said, and in we went.Now in an earlier review I explained how I had lived in Italy for three years growing up, and as such I am very much a snob when it comes to Italian food, having tasted the real thing and all.  Pretty much every Italian restaurant I've been too since returning from Italy is just a stereotypical Americanized version of an Italian eatery.  And so I really wasn't expecting all that much from this place.How happy I was to be wrong.For starters walking through the front door was almost like walking right back into some of the tiny shops I used to visit when I was a kid in Italy.  Up front the place is jam-packed with tables and booths, aiming to sit as many people as possible...just like a real Italian restaurant.  As you make your way farther back in you get a little more room to stretch out and relax...just like a real Italian restaurant.  The wait staff spoke in Italian...just like a real Italian restaurant.  And the food was authentic Italian food...just like a real Italian restaurant.I am not ashamed to say I fell in love.I've been here for both lunch and dinner on multiple occasions.  During lunch it's extremely busy as many local business-folk make their way from their offices downtown to have a power lunch.  It's loud, it's cacophonic, it's fast-paced, it's exciting.  Dinner is the exact opposite.  Very quiet, relaxed, with an air of the romantic.  The perfect place to bring that special someone.I've tried almost everything on the lunch menu at least once.  That includes all of the soups and salads, the specialty breads (garlic, cheese, and plain rolls), the calzone, the panzerotti, the cutlet rolls, most of the Panini's, most of the pizzas, all the pasta dishes, and all but one entrée.  And they were all perfection incarnate.  The only things on the lunch menu I haven't tried are the Eggplant Parmigiane panini and entrée and the Trattoria Roma Pizza.The dinner menu is just as equally exquisite.  There is more to choose from as almost every item on the lunch menu is available for dinner and there are a number of items that are only available for dinner.  Although I must be honest, I've only done dinner here twice.  Not because the dinner menu is any way inferior to the lunch menu (it isn't), but it is far more expensive.  But it's worth every penny.  Just me personally...I don't have that many pennies very often.Everything about this place is perfect.  I love coming here and will continue to do so again and again and again.  You should too.Mahalo, and enjoy.
<review# 1247,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2011,4/28/2011,38,153,,4,2>Went to Vintage last night to catch the new Singer/Songwriter night which is, I think, one Thursday a month.  Several well known Cincinnati area singer/songwriters performed, without full band, so it was a nice, laid back evening, while still entertaining. Vintage has a new seasonal menu in place, and admittedly, there were very few things I would turn down--which is a good thing!   I liked that there was a notation indicating what was a new addition to the menu, so my eye focused right on those items, first.   I started off with a Clean Slate Riesling, one of my favorites, and one that Vintage has just started to stock in the bar.  There were quite a few menu items I vollied back and forth, but in the end, since it was later and I didn't want a huge dinner, my friend and I decided to share their new Mediterranean Pizza which was topped with fresh mozzarella, parmesan and goat cheese, wilted spinach, tomatoes and carmelized red onions.  The crust was perfectly done, the flavors blended perfectly.  And there was only one piece left to take home, if that says anything!   I also added a mixed greens salad with candied walnuts and blue cheese, and my friend had a cup of the soup of the day.   I didn't even see him finish his soup, but he said it was wonderful (I guess so!).  My salad was the perfect addition to the pizza--not too big, not too small.  The greens were fresh, the blue cheese crumbles creamy, and the walnuts add a nice texture and sweetness.  Very happy with the new menu options, and will be back soon to give them a whirl!
<review# 1248,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2011,4/27/2011,52,61,2,2,2>Does Dojo really need another 5 star review from me? Oh well, I'll give it to them anyway because they deserve another voice saying how awesome they are :)Ever since I had gelato in Italy I wondered, "Why the heck is all ice cream not like this!?" It's amazing and I wouldn't care if I ever ate another kind of ice cream again! So, naturally I was ecstatic to find that Cincinnati has it's own gelato. YUM.When I finally had my first taste I was in love. I love that they have traditional ice cream flavors (Chocolate and Vanilla, but it's no ordinary vanilla) as well as more creative flavors (like Lavendar Honey and Capt 'n Crunch). I had a small serving with a mix of Dutch Chocolate and Salted Caramel. They were both superb! I was torn between those, Nutella and Capt 'n Crunch. I did have a sample of Capt 'n Crunch and I think next time I will try those two flavors... maybe with a shot of espresso on top. Oh yeah, baby.Besides having amazing gelato, they have a great location at Findlay Market. I could get myself into serious sweets trouble in that place so I have to pace myself!Bottom Line: I LOVE YOU DOJO.
<review# 1249,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2011,4/26/2011,7,11,1,1,2>Blue Ash Chili deserves all five stars, and for at least five different reasons.  Not being a native to the Cincinnati area, I feel I must make up for lost time by consuming as much chili as possible.  At first I didn't have a specific loyalty, but the more and more I come into Blue Ash Chili, the more this becomes my definite first choice.  The restaurant's been set up with a unique arrangement of photographs lining the walls, channeling a 1950's vibe.  The staff is prompt and friendly (really, they know how to BS around with their customers better than I've seen in a long time).  The food is awesome and always out to the table quickly, but what really stole my heart was their all-you-can-eat chili.  If I ate professionally, I would practice at Blue Ash Chili.
<review# 1250,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2010,4/25/2011,46,37,6,4,5>two dollars.(2) doll hairs$2TWO DOLLARS!!!!How much does it cost to perch above the (for a very long time) tallest building in Cincinnati and survey this Queen City of the Ohio?Yep, 2 dollars.It's a tad confusing to get to. You've got to turn around a corner to get to the main elevator bank which is not visible from the concourse through the building. There is a sign in the elevator lobby telling you which floor to take to get there, but when you exit the elevator, there is no immediate wayfinding in the unspectacular hallway. This is all a little unceremonious. The remaining flights of stairs are preferable to the rickety freight elevator that gets you to the top.The whole thing is actually quest-like, completely different from the experience at the Sears or Empire State where you are shepherded constantly.Say hi and give your 2 DOLLARS to the nice person selling tickets behind the souvenir counter, and claim your place on top of the town.The tower looks immediately over fountain square and is a few blocks away from the under-construction banks. The city unfolds around you with jewels like Union Station nestled proudly in the basin, the rich stitch of Over the Rhine spreading out to your north, and Hughes HS perched triumphantly atop the hill in restored glory (not to mention our neighbors across the river).This is a great place to check out on a lunch hour if you work downtown, to start your day if you are showing around visitors, or to take your kids to teach them a little more about the city (well, maybe not if they're climbers...). It's also the best way to get a different look at all the work being done on Queen City Square and The Banks.You might have to be a little bit of a nerd for cities for this to be a 5-star experience, but I am, so it is.
<review# 1251,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2011,4/24/2011,84,41,2,2,2>Park + Vine wants to be everything you want it to be. It's part clothing store (as in, they have some clothes), part bookstore (they have some books), part homewares store (they have paint, and cleaning supplies, and toilet paper), part stationary store (they have notecards), part grocery store (they have a surprising amount of food), and part coffee shop (they have an amazing espresso machine). Which is to say that it's kind of a jack of all trades, but in mostly a good way. If you know what you want (cloth diapers, perhaps? a solar charger for your ipod?) it's a good place to find things that you can't find elsewhere, especially eco-friendly things. If you want a good cappuccino, stop on in. If you want to talk to friendly folks, it's a great place to start. I personally often stop in, wander around, and then don't really buy much, but, hey, I keep going there, so obviously there must be some reason, right? They're super invested in the community, which makes me love them, even if I don't always buy anything when I go in.
<review# 1252,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2010,4/23/2011,25,80,2,4,3>One of my favorite places to brunch in the whole city! I particularly love the BLGT sandwich. It is like a breakfast sandwich got all classed up for a day on the town. You can order a side with any of the brunch items, my favorites being the goetta and the tomato soup. The ambiance is great and quirky, reminding me of places in I visited in Paris. The outside seating can get a bit toasty and the view isn't particularly great. As with any good brunch, be sure to have a mimosa or bloody mary!
<review# 1253,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2011,4/22/2011,177,120,,4,3>I have been wanting to try Pho Lang Thang for a while now and found the opportunity yesterday as I was taking an out of town friend to Findlay to show him around.I believe that they were near closing time as there was ample seating, but we were quickly greeted and given a seat next to the windows.  They had a large area to the left of the counter that looked as though they could hold alot more than they currently do, maybe they are expanding already?I ordered the Pho Rice Noodle Brisket Soup and was pleasantly surprised at the amount of soup one gets for $5, served with the obligatory sprouts and some jalapenos to spice it up.  The server talked me into a cup of Vietnamese coffee which I was told came from the owner's father's shop, and it was delightful.  Slow drip single serving, iced, and a small layer of condensed milk.  Service was top notch.  Everyone was very warm and even though I hate showing up when restaurants are closing, I felt very welcomed. The soup was quite tasty, and at the price, it's very hard to beat!  Will definitely go back again to try other menu items!
<review# 1254,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2010,4/21/2011,68,76,3,4,2>This is one of the best bookstores I've ever seen. I am a loyalist to Half Price Books as the well traveled book holds a particular appeal for me. However, its rare that I find a bookstore with this sort of charm. There's the coziness of the decor/ layout (which is very well done and lends its self to casual, day-adsorbing perusal). There's the cafe that serves wonderful food (and the fact that its not a Starbucks earns mad kudos from me!!!). There's the thorough selection and the ability to order any book they may not have on hand. Finally, and perhaps most impressively, there's the knowledgeable staff. I love a book store staff by people that "get" my silly bookish jokes, or can fill in the blank when I am trying (stupidly) to recall the name of that one author that wrote that short story that defined American Literature in the first half of the 20th century. You know, it was about snobby rich folks. Yeah, its a great store!
<review# 1255,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2011,4/20/2011,28,5,,2,1>I've been going to Wild Mike's for years now and have never had a bad dining experience! The service is great- all the servers take time to really make sure you get what you need. The food is amazing- if you don't take time to try all those wing sauces, you're missing out! Go for the Mikes Mix- you may be weary at first, but it's by far the best sauce! Prices are perfect too! I can enjoy a great meal and not empty out my wallet! All while enjoying my favorite sports on tv. This is definitely the best Wing joint on the West Side!
<review# 1256,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2011,4/19/2011,7,77,,2,>Awakenings is a great little coffee shop and wine bar in the heart of Hyde Park Square.  It's probably not the most common combination, but it works.  I've been there a couple times in the last month, and both times I was feeling indecisive about whether I wanted coffee or wine.  Luckily, I could choose either option (or start with one, and move on to the other). They have an entire wall of wine bottles to choose from, and they're very reasonably priced.  You can also open a bottle there, and they'll cork it up for you at the end of your visit so you can take the rest home.  No corkage fee, either!In terms of coffee, they have your typical coffee house options, but I noticed during my last visit that they also have a few "adult" flavor options, such as Bailey's and Kahlua...yum!  Occasionally the live music is a little too loud to carry on a conversation, but that's the only complaint I have about Awakenings.
<review# 1257,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2011,4/18/2011,61,85,,2,2>If you like Authentic Historic you will love Arnolds. My first visit was 30+ years ago when a college friend of mine a food-y said Oh Man you gotta go to Arnolds with me. I have been repeating that phrase to my friends ever since. Great place to meet folks downtown for lunch meetings. Even better for date nights when the bands are in the courtyard. The Service is always great. I do not have a favorite menu item because every time I go I try a special. I have never been disappointed. Priced right and portioned perfectly. My favorite tradition is Reds Opening Day breakfast. Music and food perfect combination for this Cincinnati holiday before heading up to the parade and if I am lucky the game. Take me out to the ball game but lets meet at Arnolds before!
<review# 1258,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2011,4/17/2011,156,239,,2,1>This place is RIGHT by my work. I am getting tired of eating crappy food for lunch when at work so I made 2 coworkers come here with me. This location has been SO many things over the 9 years I've worked in Covington it's hard to remember... I saw that this place changed hands and became Keystone and wondered how it was.Our server was very nice and attentive. I always had a drink and he brought us everything we needed.I had a Caesar Salad. It was quite good, the dressing was a little bland but what saved it was some obviously house made croutons. Very tasty. They don't carry anchovies, that would have made it excellent.2 coworkers ordered the chicken tenders. These were huge. Imagine 3 tenders which are easily halves of a chicken breast. They told me they were incredibly moist and tender.Also is the Lovin' Spoonful Mac and Cheese. I enjoy their take on naming foods after bands. I would have skipped this band. You'd agree if you knew what it meant. That's not butter on top, it's mozarella cheese. Anyways...Another is the Fleetwood Mac -- Mac and Cheese. Regular mac with pesto and tomato. I took a bite of this and it was delicious.I had the Pink Floyd Mac and Cheese. Regular mac with caramelized onion and bacon. Very tasty!The most interesting thing besides the fact they have a whole menu of quesidillas and macaroni and cheese is that they have 1/2 price days for each. Mac is Monday and Tuesday is quesidillas.Someone must have been listening to one of my dreams for a gourmet macaroni and cheese restaurant. I am going to keep this in our work lunch rotation.Love the location, love the service, love the menu. I am now hooked on their chips. I've been there also after work for drinks and it's equally great!
<review# 1259,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2011,4/16/2011,26,154,,1,2>Ok. I'm prety sure this place is basically the same as Ambar in Clifton. That being said, it just doesn't seem as good for some reason. The food and service were very good. My chicken tikka masala was just as good as I expected it to be (even if a friend ordered me only 4/6 on the spicy scale), and my friends dinners all looked excellent too. I feel like if I'm neighborhood apathetic, I'd spend the extra minute to get to Ambar.and I don't feel bad about that because its the same owners. Bottom Line: I'd be back if I wasn't going to Ambar.
<review# 1260,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2010,4/14/2011,107,86,1,6,3>Skip that Montgomery Inn, par boiled before smoking nonsense. This is REAL BBQ by a guy who started the place as a roadside stand across from the Ford plant down the road. It doesn't get any more authentic than this. Jim Dandy's is bar none, the best BBQ and THE BEST RIBS in Cincinnati. Period. Now Walt's is decent and I've always been a fan of Goody's. City BBQ... meh, not impressed with the stainless steel smokers with wood chips. If you're going to BBQ, do it on a rotisserie smoker like real men do. Jim Dandy's has them all beat. Okay, the brisket is... well, it's just okay. But we're not in Texas, and up here, BBQ means PORK. But I'll let you in on a little secret from a hardcore, competition-grade BBQ aficionado - in my opinion, Jim Dandy's very best is the chicken! BBQ smoking poultry is very difficult to do well because the meat tends to absorb far too much of the smoke flavor. But he knows exactly how to do it - and does it quite well. I seriously think it's the best meat on the menu. But the ribs and pulled pork are way up there.His sauces are really good. Two choices, sweet and hot. Hot is pretty warm - but not blazing scorch. It tends to creep up on you. I generally mix the two for something in the middle that I can slurp down non-stop without taking a break for a drink. These are the kinds of things we consider when eating messy BBQ... because we've gotta' wipe our hands and such to handle cups. Best to just dive in and make it happen. Wash it down with a beverage after you're done.The sides are really good too. I tend to evaluate a restaurant by how much effort is put into the sides, and I can say that Jim Dandy's does SERIOUS collard greens. Not too tangy, not too bitter. Perfect balance. Mac and cheese is a good spin, although I tend to like my mac a little more al dente - but that's the Italian in me demanding that all pasta stuffs be a little more firm. But it's good stuff.  The red beans and rice are decent, not spectacular, but good as a filler. Certainly not Zatarain box swill as it has previously been made out to be.A nice twist to try out is the smoked Italian sausage. It's EXCELLENT - but it's definately a bit of a splurge. I don't think it's necessarily worth the menu price per se, but maybe he grinds and stuffs it himself. I've never asked. It is good though.I can't really say anything about the desserts - there's never any room for those. Who goes to a BBQ place for dessert anyway? Meat. That is the whole point.The decor is very rustic, get em' in and out fast. The place is usually pressed for places to sit at lunchtime - but I don't think I've actually ever had to wait.I've spent serious money with Jim Dandy's for catering as well. Wasn't disappointed either. My father-in-law's 50th birthday party was a smash hit because of the food.Okay, now I am craving good BBQ. See you there for lunch!
<review# 1261,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2010,4/13/2011,63,56,,6,2>I'm getting hungry just thinking about Guru India.  This restaurant is owned by the same business that owns the Cincy renowned Ambar India in Clifton, as well as Baba India in Oakley and Anand in Sharonville.  This is great because you know you can get outstanding Indian food no matter what part of town you're in!The food is phenomenal.  I really enjoy the extensive vegetarian menu selections, but have tried almost all that they have to offer.  My all time favorite is Saag Choley - a nice mix of chickpeas and spinach.  But a close second is the Mixed Vegetables - a blend of veggies in a red sauce.  The Mixed Veggies dish is a great option if you're looking for something that's not so heavy.  And of course Chicken Tikka Saag is great for any first timer or a consistent stand by.  Oddly - I find the vegetarian dishes to be spicier than the meat versions.  Also - the garlic naan is a great compliment to any dish.  I really want to give Guru 5 stars, but there's something awkward about restaurant space and staff.  The restaurant is large and decor is sparse.  Guru must do a booming carry out business because I hardly see people dine in.  But the space is so large - it would take a heck of a lot of people to fill it.  Also awkward, is the staff.  I've been going to Guru for 3 years now and none of the staff has yet to look me in the eye.  Communication is kept to an absolute minimum and when they do speak to you, they're extremely quiet and softspoken.  I find this discomforting.  It's the one thing I would really change about Guru.The lunch buffet is a great value and good opportunity to sample a little of everything.  But FYI, the spice is taken out of the buffet, so order off the menu if you need that kick to your lunch.Bottom line - great food and consistent!
<review# 1262,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2011,4/12/2011,189,158,,4,6>Wow, can't believe I'm the first to review!I've been to a number of events here, as it is less than a block from where I live. The owners do a lot with the community, hosting movie nights and Bockfest fundraisers and other events. Their main gig is hosting events, from "creative days" for corporate types, to evening events.The space is two floors of exposed brick walls, different sizes of tables/seating arrangements, and great artwork that changes every so often. As I mentioned, I've been in this space a number of times but have never hosted an event with them myself, so I don't know about it from that standpoint. But as a participant--it's great and I love it!
<review# 1263,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2010,4/10/2011,204,335,1,6,2>Wont write a bunch because other's already have but I will say this:1. WAY better than Graeters as Graeters now uses Guar Gum 2. The shop in Oakley is just as adorable as you would like it to be'3. Try the opera creams they have won awards4. They have yummy sandwhiches, highly recommend the chocolate malt.
<review# 1264,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2011,4/9/2011,25,121,5,4,5>I give a lot of high marks on my Yelp reviews. Mostly it's because I want to support the businesses that I appreciate - hence, a lot of 4s and 5s. I thought to myself, "Self, you need to start giving a few bad reviews, or no one's going to take you seriously. They're just going to think you're some Sally Sunshine who LOVES EVERYTHING!"Then I went to review Taste of Belgium. And I couldn't even think of giving it less than five stars. If I could give six, I would.I'd had Liege waffles at a place where I used to live in Eugene. These waffles were the talk of the town and I won't lie, they were good. But Taste of Belgium's waffles blow them out of the water. A friend and I went to Findlay to try these waffles I'd heard so much about and when we took our first bites, we stared at each other, wide-eyed. These were the Best. Waffles. Ever.I admit that I've stuck close to the waffles and savory crepes and haven't really broadened my TOB horizons to sample their other fine foods. But that's because the savory crepe-and-waffle combo is so fantastic that it's hard to order anything else. THEN I found out there was a Yelp special for my favorite food pairing in Cincinnati and, well - let's just say I might need to buy some bigger pants.
<review# 1265,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2010,4/8/2011,29,38,2,3,2>I'm not sure that I would call Zip's burgers the very best in Cincinnati but they certainly deserve a spot in the Top 3.  On the other hand, their onion rings are among the best I've ever tasted.  If you order a burger at Zip's you'll be satisfied.  If you order a burger AND onion rings, you just might be knocked out of your chair.  If you are a fan of wimpy, wispy, "breading falls off when you glance at them" onion rings, please stay home.  These are the manliest beer-battered rings in town.  Zip's onion rings will fill your belly with greasy happiness and wreck whatever plans you had to be productive that afternoon.  Don't worry about your newfound lack of motivation.  Just lean back in your chair, watch the little train zoom around the restaurant, and say a silent prayer for the tastiness God hath wrought.
<review# 1266,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2011,4/6/2011,69,67,1,2,3>One of the best discoveries upon moving to the Kentucky side of the river was Newport Pizza Company.  There are plenty of pizza places, but this one does it right.  They have different options than any other local places, and every one I've tried has been amazing.My favorite is the Highlands Country Club Pizza (without the lettuce).  I really can't get enough of this.  They also have a Meatball Lasagna Pizza that I could live on.  If you ever feel you can't decide between some Cincinnati chili or a pizza, order the Cincinnatus: cream cheese, chili, and cheese on a pizza crust.  Amazing.Today I was ready for a late brunch, but also wanted pizza.  Newport Pizza Co had the perfect option for me.  The Goettapalooza pizza.  Oh yes.  Goetta, scrambled eggs, bacon, potatoes, and gravy on a pizza.  Hangover heaven.The atmosphere of the place is so-so.  Pretty plain, but still feels cozy.  They have a great beer selection, and the service is always friendly and fast.If you live in the Newport/Covington area, they also deliver, which pretty much made me the happiest girl in Covington.
<review# 1267,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2011,4/5/2011,6,135,1,3,4>Allyn's Cafe is home of the Bluebirds on Sunday nights. The Bluebirds are, pure and simple, a world class band-,it just doesn't get any better. All the musicians are pro, be it from years on the local music scene to teaching at local Universities. The instrumentation is trumpet, trombone, sax, guitar, drums, percussion, bass, keyboard, to give you an idea of what you'll hear, and they have that male voice organ  sound that hits you so deliciously  in the gut each time they harmonize. From Steely Dan to Stevie Wonder to the Zombies, they kick everything up 50 notches. Eat, don't eat, drink, don't drink (yeah right). If you live in Cincinnati for any amount of time, you must go see the Bluebirds, it's as simple as that.BTW, that guy playing trumpet is Allyn (a not so starving musician), he's a cool guy, say hello when you go.
<review# 1268,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2011,4/3/2011,112,150,1,5,4>Who would have thought you could eat at a Jeff Ruby restaurant and order an entree less than $35? Not me! But after my recent visit to Walnut Street Grill, I was pleasantly surprised to not break the bank after chowing down. I use the word "chowing" because it turns out that the price tag reflects the overall theme of the restaurant. It a basically a fancy diner. And what do you do at a diner? Chow down!With menu titles such as Truck Stop Cuisine, Mom's Kitchen, and the rotating TV dinner, I'm wondering whose Mom cooks this divine and what truck stops Jeff has been frequenting. They took some classics and put a twist on them. For example our appetizer was fried calamari, but tastes like a delicious version of a chicken wing without the need for wet naps and sauce smeared fingers. Wonderful! And our dessert of coffee and donuts, was a delicious glazed donut nestled between coffee flavored ice cream! I was hoping for more of a change to the overall layout of the restaurant. I loved Bootsy's but it always seemed like wasted space downstairs and a little awkward having to trek upstairs. They have turned the downstairs into a diner, with booths and tables and also added a bar and tv's. They also have installed garage doors that they plan to open up in the summer to draw more of a street crowd and make the downstairs more happenin'. On a rainy, Wednesday night, it was still pretty dead downstairs, so we still make the climb upstairs. The layout upstairs is almost identical to Bootsy's except now has diner decor instead of the spanish, moroccan feel. I preferred the old style, but that's just my two cents.Of course, being a Ruby's restaurant, service was top notch and food was delicious! I am looking forward to summer to take advantage of their great patio and see what these garage doors add to the overall ambience. Oh and also hoping for an amazing happy hour like they had before! I'm gonna miss their half price sushi!!
<review# 1269,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2011,4/2/2011,201,516,,9,5>For barely being open for a week, Windmill Coffee pleasantly surprised me!I knew of Jill from Park + Vine but didn't know until today that she has pursued her own venture in Northern Kentucky, opening a small coffeeshop/cafe in a Burlington Pike strip mall. Their small menu consists of a variety of sandwiches, baked goods (bagels, english muffins, donuts, cookies, etc.), oatmeal, fruit, yogurt, juices, coffees and teas. I ordered the "Crispin Glover" sandwich - italian meats with gouda, cucumber slices, and dill spread on white ciabatta - along with a small mocha.The sandwich was made fresh and fast. It was filling and just the right price. My coffee took a bit longer, but it was definitely worth the wait and a lot less expensive than the equivalent at Starbucks. The man who made my sandwich came out to ask me how I liked it, since they had made very few of them since the shop opened. He really enjoyed hearing my feedback and I can tell that they will be good at perfecting their menu in the weeks, months, and years to come.The space itself is great, clean, and well-decorated. There is a drive-thru that is not currently operational, and I hope that they do open it when they're ready! There is free wi-fi and plenty of seating, making it a great option for a lunch break or study session. I think as time goes on and more people take notice of Windmill Coffee, it will be the breath of fresh air Florence needs. I look forward to seeing it grow!
<review# 1270,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2011,4/1/2011,96,121,6,3,5>I'd like to make you an offer you can't refuse.And that offer is to go with me to Bella Luna. While my Godfather impersonation is terrible, Bella Luna's cuisine is immaculate. I love me some Italian food, and THIS is how Italian food is done.I had come here quite some time ago, and regrettably forgot about how good of a meal I had. Now recently, the Yelp event reminded me about what a fantastic place Bella Luna is. The service is always stellar, the food delicious, with enough charm to make it stand out among the rest. I would probably kill for their mushroom ravioli. (Not really. Hello FBI!)Just know that Bella Luna is not your fast food Italian joint (there should be such a thing!). Come early, stay late, and bring out the plastic. It's worth every penny.
<review# 1271,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2011,3/31/2011,73,258,,5,4>I found a treasure. I'm hesitant to share it. It's on Lee and 12th in Covington.  It's Sue's Deli.I've been driving past this place for years now on a generally weekly basis and never have gone in. Over the past few months they've been tearing up 12th St. and I was really hungry and out amidst the construction was a sign advertising a Reuben. I like Reubens. So I pull over and walk into what I hoped at best would be better than fast food and at work I'd blow $5.Nope. It's great.Nothing fancy, just a convenience store in a old building with great hardwood floors, some groceries, three tables and three women behind the deli counter looking like their having a great time. I wasn't sure what to order and hesitated. A woman I'd guess is Sue told me she makes a great double decker sandwich. I nod yes and she gets to work all the while greeting her customers - a cop and some construction workers. A delicious sandwich in a bright, clean, friendly environment. Oh, and the sandwich was huge.Go support Sue's.
<review# 1272,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2011,3/30/2011,103,257,,5,2>My favorite consignment store in the area. It's a longer drive than the closer ones by me in Florence, but it's worth it to make the trip about once a month to check out new stuff.  I've been there 3 different times now and have always come away with a great clothing find or two. Their prices are extremely reasonable to start with, plus they go down the longer the item stays on the rack. Someone had the genius idea of putting a coupon at the bottom of receipts.  It's a couple or a few bucks off your next purchase by a certain date, depending on the amount you spent on that receipt. On top of that, if you sign up for their email list they offer secret sales. Elite Yelpers can appreciate those kinds of perks!  I brought in a bunch of clothes a couple weeks ago.  It was $14.95 to open an account, which is on the steep side, but I love the store.  So far I've only made $16, but I have a lot of spring/summer stuff I'll be bringing in when the time comes.Bonus - it's right across the street from the super-cheap GAP clearance outlet!
<review# 1273,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2011,3/29/2011,73,57,3,6,2>Senate is probably the most talked about restaurant in Cincinnati in 2010. Everyone asks about how you feel about Senate. Small space, expensive, odd food, OTR combine to make an interesting series of talking points. Senate truly is one of my favorite places in OTR. I love when owners work at their store or restaurant and Senate exemplifies this. Dan is the head chef and creator of the menu while Lana manages the front. It's rare when both of them are not there working hard to make sure the food is great and everyone is enjoying themselves.The food at Senate is excellent. Gourmet street food is the style and that is delivered. Though the hot-dogs are most well known, more traditional fare like steak, hamburgers & scallops are all excellent choices. My pick is always the Lobster Mac. The perfect late night treat. The bar is WELL stocked with midrange and premium drinks. The tap AND bottle list is excellent in every way. Seasonals are changed out regularly, too. Seating is less than optimal, but hardly a bother when the food & drink is this good.OTR has it's unique restaurant in Senate and is better for it. Stop by for dinner or (my favorite) a late night app & milk stout.
<review# 1274,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2011,3/28/2011,34,39,4,4,1>I'm shocked that Howard Dean didn't include this place in his infamous YEAHHHHHH speech. A 24-hour bakery? SIGN ME UP. I discovered this heavenly place in the midst of a monthly bagel spirit quest, unfortunately occurring at 3am. I searched everywhere and was having absolutely no luck, until Zeus himself tweeted at me to let me know about this establishment.This place gets bonus points because I met an awesome cop there who told me about a bunch of bad assery he had taken part in that night. I offered to buy him a donut but he politely declined.
<review# 1275,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2010,3/27/2011,53,54,2,1,3>If you wanna go to Dewey's clap your hands! If you wanna an awesome pizza stomp your feet! Dewey's Pizza (sigh), where to begin. Well, first, you're going to want to try their House Salad. This is no ordinary house salad with the romaine lettuce, grape tomato,shredded cheddar and sprinkle the crouton. Oh no sir! (and ma'am, to be PC). This House Salad is like no other. Spinach, goat cheese crumbles, dried cranberries, pine nuts and the perfect amount of dressing drizzled throughout. yum, yum, yum. As we move through the menu, you're going to want to order a pizza. *Note: DO NOT go to Dewey's and just order a salad. You will regret this silly little decision. Each month they have a 'Seasonal Pizza.' It's their fancy way of saying , "It's the Special." These are always good. But it's so hard to choose because they have the most amazing pizzas. My favorite is the Billy Goat. Goat cheese and vegetables. Healthy, healthy. Well, for pizza anyway. They have so many to choose from. What I really like about Dewey's is how they accomodate the pizza choices of the group. They allow you to split a pizza in half and order different toppings,etc. So, you can still stick to nice individual portion sizes, please your fellow dining compadres and split the bill. My only thumbs down about Dewey's is that the bar is beer only. However, Blue Moon is my beer of choice with any pizza. Overall, Dewey's is always a crowd pleaser!
<review# 1276,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2010,3/26/2011,77,64,,10,5>It's almost as if this place started up for me.  You see, I really got used to some good Vietnamese Pho while living in Austin, Texas and feared that I would not be able to find it when I returned to the midwest.Well, as it turns out, this place opens the week after I return and it's exactly what the doctor ordered.  It's in a space that has rotated several other businesses in and out through the years on Mall Road, right next to the longstanding Book Rack and by the old Florence Theatre.The Pho menu is simple, unlike some Viet places I have been where there are literally 30 different Pho options, but thats not a problem.  I went with the tried and true beef pho bowl (small) and after making the broth taste just the way I like it with the appropriate amounts of hoison sauce and srirachi hot sauce and went to town.I will be a regular at this place, and aim to keep it in business by myself if I have to. :)
<review# 1277,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2010,3/25/2011,133,190,1,2,5>I'm a fan of the Art Museum.  I've been there a few times, and a lot lately for the Cincinnati 48 Hour Film Project.  While I have haven't taken in the whole museum, I've taken in their theater.  I've gotta say, it's a way better place to watch films than a couple of the older ones I've been to.  For what I was there for, there was tons of parking.  While not being really easy to find crammed up into Mt. Adams, once you find it one time you'll be able to make it back.Also, thanks to the Art Museum for putting up with all the eccentric people from the 48hfp.  We're not normal kids...some of us smell funny, but you put up with us all.  Thanks!
<review# 1278,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2011,3/24/2011,75,85,2,3,2>Definitely a great place to check out for a special occasion (meeting/date), maybe not a low key "beer-or-two" kinda night...My coworkers and myself enjoy an occasional "Morale Meeting" (yeah It's not "morality" as I first thought, Georgeann G.). These morale boosting reprieves usually consist of myself setting a mouth speed record  with beer and making as big a jackass of myself as possible.I was happy to find that the food was fantastic and the selection of rare beers kept a nice variety throughout the night. I enjoyed a few different beers (see above), so I can't list all of them but the food quality was particularly surprising. I tried a few hot-wings and had a lamb burger with steak fries and everything was just excellently prepared. The only complaint is that the prices are kinda high, but I don't mind when the food and service are deserving of the cost.
<review# 1279,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2010,3/23/2011,340,494,3,5,3>Rookwood is like a little Mecca mirage off the highway.I say this as I swear I can never get to it the same way twice. And thats really the only reason it loses a star as the traffic to get in and out is so confusing and congested, and I should not have to zig zag dumpsters on the back side of a building to exit (true story).But, enough of that, once you get inside, there's really not a bad spot in the place, unless it's winter, and a major event, and... ok but seriously. This is truly a park-in-the-middle and go back to the car when you need to kinda place. It is a little tad more higher end, but its about 50-50 high to normal end. Five Guys and Buca's are my favorite, and those to a really the low end to the high end. But there's something for everyone as far as food goes. There is also all sorts of shops from clothing, to cameras and electronics, to housewares and furniture, to pets, shoes, groceries, and dessert. It's a great place to go with a few to a crew of your friends and take a stroll in the evening, or shop and enjoy dinner, or a late night drink.
<review# 1280,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2011,3/21/2011,120,162,7,8,6>WARNING!!!!!Stepping into this establishment will be so enjoyable that you will lose track of all time.  Despite the numerous TVs and  an accurate clock, you could easily spend several hours, possibly days, inside without even batting an eye.A buddy and I stopped in for the daily happy hour (12-7) and enjoyed some pitchers of Crowley's Ale, the house ale which is a quality Irish Red.  According to Karina's review the prices haven't changed since 2008, heck who knows when the last time they were changed!  Just another reason that you could pull a Rip Van Winkle in this place.But aside from the delicious home brew and cheap prices, the best part of Crowley's is the welcoming environment and the friendly patrons who frequent it.  Tom is the main bartender, he usually wears the rainbow suspenders, and he will take care of you as if you had been coming in for 20 years.  Every Saturday he makes a pot of jambalaya, not because he has to, but because its cold outside and he thinks its a cool thing to do.  The price?  Absolutely free!  Heck there is even some bread and hot sauce to boot.There is one fail safe to the Crowley's Rip Van Winkle syndrome, they don't serve food, however, there are all the saltiest pretzels that your stomach and heart can handle.  Throughout the day many people will come in hoping that they do serve food, but Tom will gladly direct them to somewhere else on the hill that does, and even invites you back to have a drink.The place does get kind of wild at night, like most of Mt Adams, but the times I have been there in the evening it was fairly tame.  This by far is the best, true local pub in the city.  Stop by before 7pm any day of the week, pull up a chair, and say hi to Tom, just make sure you have an exit strategy.  Trust me, you won't regret it.
<review# 1281,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2010,3/20/2011,113,79,3,4,4>I hope this isn't insulting to Cincinnati, but when I walk into Atomic Number Ten I feel like I could be in Chicago or Brooklyn. Every time I go there, I get this feeling like, "this is too cool to be in Cincinnati." I say that with love, Cincy. We're just short on awesome vintage stores, and Atomic Number Ten does a wonderful job filling that void.You'll find quirky pieces for your home and kitchen, funky shoes, ties, belts and a wide variety of clothing. It's colorful, lively, and it's very well curated. The shop is well balanced and the variety of objects feel in tune with each other. Does that sound too new-agey? Then just go look for yourself, you'll see what I mean.It's a small store but I could spend hours in there. And once you're finished shopping, there are several excellent bars and restaurants within a few blocks. Get some fancy shoes and a fancy drink.
<review# 1282,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2010,3/19/2011,149,113,2,3,2>I really enjoy this place, especially since I am a local to Mt. Lookout. The smell of roasting coffee beans intoxicates the saquare in the morning. At night revelers from Muz's, Stand, Million's, and MLT's flood the streets on the weekend. 2 BYOB restaurants (Ruthai's  and Pera), 2 suhi resturants (Dancing and Ichiban); and other greats like Zip's, Annabel's, Nectar, etc. Its has so many options. The city just finished redoing the square infrastructure and streets, so it's a bit easier to manuver in traffic.
<review# 1283,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2011,3/18/2011,43,26,2,3,3>I've hit up Mayberry foodstuffs a few times now and I love this local grocery.  There's a ton of really good, high quality food to choose from and some staple items as well.  I'm glad that there's a place downtown finally open reasonably late to get groceries from.  The staff is always extremely nice.  I'm never rushed and always assisted when I need it.Note: you won't be finding 6 packs of bud light but you're fairly likely to find something by Bell's, Stone, or Ithaca.  The beers are high quality and so is the food.  You're going to pay a little more for the high end stuff, but definitely worth it.The bulk produce, flour, etc. is usually organic and a pretty good price for that.  There's a good selection of wines from $8 and up.  You can get something really nice or something really affordable.  Fresh breads, meats, and dairy are very high quality.All around, if you're looking for GREAT quality food at 9:00 at night or just some laundry detergent early in the morning, Mayberry Foodstuffs is a great place to go downtown.
<review# 1284,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2010,3/17/2011,181,524,,4,3>Ever wondered what that building on Vine with the crazy columns was?  I did!  It's the very wonderful Ensemble Theatre.  At the Ensemble, you will enjoy a very intimate and small venue- no matter where you are sitting, you do feel very close to the cast.  Both shows I've seen at the Ensemble Theatre were well done.  It's a wonderful venue to have in OTR (and you can enjoy browsing in the local shops or grab a meal at one of the great restaurants there before or after the show).  The theater also has a security guard outside the door when they are open and it really is a safe venue.  It's located by several well-lit and reasonably priced parking lots.  If you like supporting the arts in Cincinnati, this is a venue you must visit.
<review# 1285,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2010,3/16/2011,235,393,2,4,3>I stopped into Yagoot after having my first taste of the Five Guys down the way.The company is owned by Busken's, a local bakery, which I think is pretty cool. I ordered a plain (is it vanilla?) yogurt with oreo pieces mixed in. The yogurt has this incredibly fresh tasting yogurt tanginess and bitterness to it which you rarely find in american style yogurts these days. Just means that it's made really well and with good ingredients. Greek yogurt has a similar flavor. Next time I'll get fruit in the yogurt, as the sweet-tanginess really lends itself to fruit pairings over chocolate or decadent pairings. But it was still really good.
<review# 1286,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2010,3/15/2011,37,58,3,6,6>Thoroughly entrenched in Price Hill, this little gem was quite a treat.  I had an iced coffee for $2.90, served in a large beverage glass.  The place seems to have a religious theme, with books on Calvin's Institutes to the Religions of India on the shelves.  Don't get the wrong idea; I wasn't approached about my spirituality or whatever.  Seems like coffee shops might be a fine place to enter into a theological dialogue, and they have the resources to consult if necessary.  Cool art festoons the walls with an altogether chic modern look inside.  The barista was a nice dude with neat tattoos adorning his arms.  Better than Starbucks and you can help out a local business.  Parking on the street, and they take plastic.
<review# 1287,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2011,3/14/2011,89,141,,3,3>Best Feature: Great drink selection + VERY unique! Good food, too!Worst Feature: Live music can be a bit overwhelming.I had never even heard of The Comet until I went there with my boyfriend many months ago. We've stopped in several times and each time I have a great time! The first thing I discovered that I loved about it was the drink selection - what a great variety! A lot of common and also unusual beers to choose from.I love the interior - very cozy and intimate with interesting decor. They have live music from time to time and a jukebox you can always choose music from - the live music has occasionally been a bit too loud for my taste when I am trying to have conversation, but I LOVE the ambiance and the option to have real bands and musicians play!The food is also good - I had never tried anything until my boyfriend highly recommended the burrito. Dear god - a packed burrito that is quite delicious! I absolutely enjoyed very bite and will gladly order it again!I love this place - it's a bit of a drive from our current location but it is totally worth it!! :-) Lot of great times and great food/drink!
<review# 1288,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2011,3/13/2011,57,155,4,4,3>I stop by mostly because I have a great ability to stick my foot in my mouth. Lucky for me they have great deals on roses. The current price is $10/dozen!!  Your marital happiness never came so cheap! ;-)This is a small family-run place. The mom runs the show, the one brother sells his pottery, the other brother does IT, and the sister sells homemade soap; talk about a family business! (Oh, and the dog is usually hanging about as well)Family-owned and operated means that it can be hard to compete against the big guys, so this family has branched out with some creative ideas to keep the business coming in. They've recently started a very cool service. Each of their arrangements will come in a custom piece of pottery handmade for the store. That's way better than those generic glass vases you get normally.The great prices, friendly service, and creative ideas will keep this florist at the top of my list.
<review# 1289,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2010,3/12/2011,62,137,4,4,1>The Clientele: Bored housewives from the Eastside, Catholic school girls in uggs, metrosexual 20-something men. The Scene: Crowded. Even on a Tuesday morning. Parking: Go around to the Macy's side and you'll have a better chance of parking close to the door. Stores: Decent. Restoration Hardware, Nordstroms, Anthropology and H & M are happy additions. Welcome to 2010 Cincinnati, we're glad you're here!Food: Okay for mall food, Auntie Anne's HOOOOLLLAAA! There's also an Cheesecake Factory that's always, always packed. Overall: It's worth the drive if you need to get some major shopping done. Come early or late to avoid the crowds.
<review# 1290,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/3/2010,3/11/2011,94,404,2,5,4>Too many years ago, my first sushi experience was at the Benihana in downtown Atlanta.  Never mind sushi, but at that point, I'd never even been exposed to what Benihana and similar teppanyaki joints are known for:  the circus sideshow of the teppanyaki master wheeling his cart to the griddle, and then wickedly slicing and dicing meat and veggies at tableside, while flipping, twirling, and gyrating his spatula, fork, and knife with acrobatic flourish.  And occasionally playing with fire (e.g., the "onion volcano").  At the time, I was completely mystified by the sushi, but my young and unwordly mind perceived, rightly or wrongly, that the teppanyaki show was a somewhat undignified, possibly demeaning, and even cornball cultural spectacle.   I still don't know what to make of it:  Is it an exaggerated tourist thing, or does it have cultural legitimacy?   Nowadays, in a world of sleek, hip SoCal-inspired sushi joints on the one hand and authentic Japanese cuisine on the other, the teppanyaki show seems to me like a quaint throwback.  (The truth of the matter is that I have no idea how authentic to Japan this Benihana-style spectacle is, and obviously some would say, "Who cares?")  Anyway, to this date, I've had the teppanyaki experience exactly one time, and it was back in those Atlanta Benihana days.So we've only been to Fuji's House a couple of times, once because of a very generous coupon and the other night because we wanted some sushi in a hurry and didn't want to deal with the overcrowded whippersnapper madness at a place like Dancing Wasabi.  Although the giant restaurant was almost entirely empty, we were seated at a teppanyaki table with another couple, who had ordered a teppanyaki feast.  While we waited for our sushi, I found myself actually enjoying the sideshow.  Like a kid being entertained by a wacky uncle's parlor tricks!  The food actually looked and smelled fresh, hot, and tasty, too!Our sushi came out, and it was probably disappointing by comparison.  Sushi-wise, Fuji's House is pretty unremarkable.  By Cincinnati standards, this means that it's OK.  The raw-fish flavors seemed a bit subdued, and the cooked rolls were sort of bland.  But at least, the fish was not soggy or freezer-burned, or both, as we have experienced too many times in this area.  I can't believe it, but the experience made me want to go back for a little of this old-school teppanyaki razzle-dazzle.
<review# 1291,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2010,3/10/2011,27,98,,3,2>Fountain Square gets five stars on the sole fact that I can't possibly imagine downtown Cincinnati without it. It is such a hub for events and activities that it couldn't possibly be replaced.The events, ranging from smaller and contained in the square, to those larger events which spill into 5th Street, span pretty much anything you could imagine and spans all seasons. They have a farmer's market, free concerts, ice skating in the winter, and a ton of other events. Even when they don't have events, it's very nice in the warmer months to sit at the tables in the Square and watch a Reds game or just do some reading.The location is very centrally located, with restaurants (Graeter's, Via Vite, Rock Botton, etc) right on the square. It is walkable from pretty much every hotel in the downtown area. I can't even imagine how much economic benefit Fountain Square has brought in since its construction. And all of that is without even mentioning the fountain itself. This thing is beautiful and is definitely one of the city's unique treasures. Fountain Square or the city would not be the same without it (even beyond the name).
<review# 1292,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/1/2011,3/9/2011,174,628,3,4,2>I hear tell that their grits are authentic, Southern-style grits. So there's that. I'm not a huge fan of all brown meals, so I guess I'm a bit biased in that respect. I will say that the place was absolutely busting at the seams with people queuing up out the door and down the street. Like vultures, you have to scan the restaurant for open seats from your place along the glass wall in line. Don't hesitate or you are sure to be poked, prodded, or even sternly admonished. Likewise, if you are found to be nursing a coffee and lost in conversation after finishing your meal, expect purposefully stares from those lined up against the wall. That being said, this doesn't seem to deter anyone from doing so. Don't quote me on this, but you may be able to skip the line if you are a single person and happy to grab an open spot at the counter.This, for me, is much like a homey version of Waffle House. The quality is better and you get the home cooked feel. Yet again, it ends up as much the same in the long run for me. It's not what I would consider to be a health conscious place, and heavy brunch covered in what is most likely HFCS based syrup, is not exactly my thing. There really wasn't much for a vegetarian on the menu, and I don't see myself making any effort to return when there are so many other really great options nearby.
<review# 1293,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2011,3/8/2011,43,68,3,6,2>Totter's Otterville is located inside Johnny's Toys. It is a place where kids can let their imaginations go free and parents can be free to take a relaxing rest at one of the many tables. Totter's Otterville is comprised of indoor and outdoor stations like, the grocery store, ballet studio, water station, crafts station, puppet show station, face painting, and more! They also serve a wide variety of food at a reasonable price. It costs an admission to get in but there is no cap on how long you can stay, and parents are free. Totter's Otterville does a great job of making their stations very accessible to a wide age range of children and kids from 1-8 can get something out of every station. The workers are extremely friendly and all seem like they want to be there and that they enjoy their job. Overall, this is my go to spot when I have a full day to fill with the girls I watch.
<review# 1294,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2010,3/7/2011,72,56,5,7,6>It's not often that you can use the phrases, "Fun for the whole family" and "Hot girl on girl action" to describe the same event, but it happens with the Cincinnati Rollergirls.Make sure to come early and tailgate in the parking lot of the historic Cincinnati Gardens and meet the soon to be famous CRG mascot the Wooly Bully and maybe even Bo Peep.  Grills are welcome.This is a case where there really isn't a bad seat in the house and they are affordable general admission tickets at $10 for adults and $5 for kids and adult floor seats at $15.  You will get an opportunity to meet some of the athletes as you enter the Gardens, as they are there handing out programs. Buy your tickets, get a $1 PBR, choose a seat and sit back and enjoy the action.  A quick synopsis of the rules are in the program and it doesn't take long to get caught up in the excitement of the jam.  This is a 2 for one deal as the Silent Lambs, CRG's developmental team (the JV, so to speak) play their match as a prelude to the Black Sheep taking to the floor.After the feature match ends, the night does not; fans are encouraged to make their way down to the Garden's floor and meet and mingle with the participants from both sides of both matches and get autographs from your favorites.  Those of legal drinking age are also invited to an after party with both teams.My wife and I went to the first match of the 2010 season at the invitation of some friends and quickly became fans, not missing a home match, now we can't wait for the 2011 season to begin so we can do it all again.  In case it did not come across in my writing, let me say it flat out, the Cincinnati Rollergirls rock!  I highly recommend you giving them a try, you will be back.
<review# 1295,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2011,3/6/2011,21,78,4,5,4>Call me crazy, not to my face please, but for what you get this restaurant is actually a good buy.  When I'm lucky enough to eat here, I don't leave feeling like I just payed with my right arm, not that I usually pay...Anyway, I love foie gras and if I see it on the menu, I will want to order it.  Here they serve it with vanilla pound cake and it is nothing short of spectacular and quite a steal at $16 (similar restaurants charge $40). Sometimes there is nothing wrong with starting with dessert and ending with it for that matter.As for an entree, I recommend the 12oz Chateaubriand for two $55. Carved table side, it comes with potato mousse, mushrooms, asparagus and your choice of béarnaise, bordelaise or both if you wish. So it's 27.50 for a 6oz steak with all the fixings, not bad I say.It doesn't sound like a lot of food, but trust me I wish I wore my feasting pants.  We had two surprise courses as well. I guess the amuse-bouche wasn't really a surprise, but the chef sent out a complimentary sweetbread course.  I'm kind of a big deal, just kidding, but if you've never had sweetbreads, this is the place to try them!On top of all of that, they will also park your car for free, yay!  So, I'm not alone on this one, Best of Cincy period.
<review# 1296,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2011,3/5/2011,30,68,5,3,3>Oh my goodness- how good is this place?  I use Yelp all the time to try to find new and unique places to eat, and suggested this place to a friend before our brunch date based off all the reviews on Yelp.  The interior is little bland, but in a way that makes it look super modern and chic - a cool bland!  Instead of being hidden in the back, the kitchen is open, with bar seating on one side.  I am definitely sitting there next time!  I love cooking and watching other people cook.  This is the perfect place to do it!  They also make cakes (hence the name), and it is really neat to be able to watch them decorate and prepare the cakes.  I loved the vibe of this place- it seemed like a place you can sit for hours, and are almost encouraged to do so by the self serve coffee and rack of magazines on the wall.  We arrived relatively early, so there was no line.  There weren't too many vegetarian options, so both my friend and I ordered the three cheese grilled cheese with garlic butter.  Mmmm- it was so good!  The perfect mix of cheeses and garlic!  It came with a small spring mix salad on the side.  The perfect amount of food....which means there was plenty of room for dessert!Also, I don't care how full you are- you absolutely need to get dessert while you're here.  Undo that belt buckle one more notch, or get it to go.  I ordered the red-velvet cake whoopie pie filled with cream cheese icing, and my friend had the blackberry spice cupcake.  Wow- they were both so delicious!  I am planning my next return visit as I'm writing!  Go now!
<review# 1297,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2011,3/4/2011,21,107,10,6,4>Quiche is a sneaky, sneaky food. It lures you in with its eggy, cheesy exterior. And then it settles somewhere in your gut with all the elegance and weightlessness of a cinderblock. Ugh.Not so at Annabel's! I had a gruyere-and-leek quiche. Basically I was setting myself up for some serious gastric discomfort. Instead: foodgasm. This was the fluffiest, loveliest, lightest, most savory and delicious quiche sensation I've ever had. I cannot wait to return and try some of the other amazing menu options. And for food of such high quality, the prices were unbeatable. Great spot, highly recommend it!
<review# 1298,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2011,3/3/2011,35,175,2,3,4>I was so in love with the atmosphere of the place that the food couldve tasted like anything and i wouldve been happy. Luckily, the food was pretty decent too! Its a very bistro-y place that regularly has live jazz music. Also, attatched to it are like, mini beer & wine & deli stores. Its hard to explain but its cool. I'm going back
<review# 1299,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2011,3/2/2011,30,69,,3,2>As I always say, I am from New Jersey so I am a Pizza snob. So if you haven't noticed by the 5 star review, this place meets my expectations... and then exceeds some.Let start with the dough, which is the foundation of any good pizza. Its delicious. Seasoned and soft, everything a pizza dough should be. You know that they have their act together when their bread sticks, made from the same dough, are so good you don't need the dipping sauce. And while we are on the topic of sauce, lets move on to the sauce on the pizza which is also tasty and again, seasoned well. So much so that I don't get indigestion from it so bonus points for that!As for the cheese and toppings, both are done well and there is a nice balance between the two. The Pepperoni is large and fresh and the cheese is heavy, but not too heavy if that makes any sense.Needless to say, I was very impressed and will be going back again. Next time I will try the regular crust instead of thin. Regardless, if you are an east coaster like me, you will not be disappointed.
<review# 1300,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2011,3/1/2011,45,172,1,3,2>Richard's has awfully good pizza. My favorite is the loaded baked potato, that has steak fries, bacon, cheese, and ranch on it. The salads are fresh and well prepared, and the service is good.The only reason I am taking a star away is because of slowness when picking up the pizza, and as far as I know, the absence of delivery services. Otherwise, Richard's is worth dropping in and getting some za.
<review# 1301,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2011,2/28/2011,131,60,,2,1>Cafe Martin is right on my way home from work, so I end up there for dinner quite frequently. It's tucked inside the Garfield Hotel, so you can see any number of different types of people who are visiting Cincinnati eating at this cafe. The food is the kind you'd expect in a hotel restaurant... pastas, burgers, etc. Nothing is too surprising, though everything's done well. Prices can be a bit high, but my boyfriend and I purchase certificates on Restaurants.com almost every time we visit (the rules say no more than once a month, which works out for us). GREAT bargain with that coupon, so be sure to print one out before you go!
<review# 1302,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2011,2/27/2011,52,128,,2,1>This is one of those reviews where it feels weird to give something 4 stars, but when you compare Crossroads' wings (and other assorted bar food options) with similar places, I think the rating is warranted.The wings are relatively crispy and have plenty of meat.  The sauce is thick and stays on quite well.  We had spicy garlic and medium, and I didn't think either sauce stood out in particular, but the whole package of wings and sauce worked very well together.We also ordered onion rings and cajun waffle fries - both of which were tasty and about as good as could be expected for these fried food options.You order at the front and then they call your name - our food was definitely ready within 5 minutes, which was awesome.  Add to that an attentive server asking about drink needs, a lot of TVs to catch the Bearcats basketball game on, and I'd say this is my new favorite sports bar.
<review# 1303,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2011,2/26/2011,41,208,1,4,3>one of the better spots in cinci for jazz.+1 for decently large seating capacity.+1 for large stage, can accommodate larger bands.+1 for non-annoying wait staff.+1 for having 1/2 price cover for students ($5 with ID instead of $10)-1 for weird decor.  they could stand to get rid of the fish tanks and the neon bud light sign.  a few small things could drastically improve the atmosphere.+1 for being good for groups.  tables and chairs can easily be moved around.+1 for being a step above your average "hole in the wall"+1 for not being a snobby jazz bar.  patrons can quietly converse while the music plays.+1 for a good quartet this past friday.+1 for reasonable bar prices.+1 for street parking really close by.the cover charge might be cash only, but the bar accepts credit cards.recommended.  i will return.
<review# 1304,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2011,2/25/2011,44,215,,6,2>La Poste is a lovely, upper-scale gem tucked away in the heart of Clifton. I think it's a nice alternative for people who are looking for a step up from the Cincinnati classics (Graeter's, Dewey's, Skyline) nearby. The environment is simple and comfortable (great art). The service is wonderful (friendly and approachable). The food was delicious! And the prices are reasonable. We both enjoyed our evening and our meals -- I highly recommend the pear with goat cheese app, and the scallops with bacon -- and we would definitely go back.Tip: There is valet parking right out front, but we found street parking on Ludlow with no problem and enjoyed dipping into a couple stores on our short walk back to the car after dinner. The side streets (where people actually live, vs. where the stores are) were PACKED.
<review# 1305,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2010,2/24/2011,143,423,6,6,4>Having just moved to Newport, my boyfriend and I were looking to find a new watering hole. Crazy Fox couldn't be a more perfect find. With its laid-back hipster clientele, friendly bartenders, and solid music selection, I think we'll become regulars. When we told one of the bartenders we were new to the area, she bought us a shot called the "Newport Apple." When I asked her what's in it she told "It's just like a 'Washington Apple' only with well-liquor, so it's Newport style." That's alright in my book.Drink prices were pretty standard for Newport. On the bar, you'll find sleeves of Trivial Pursuit--which is much more entertaining than NTN, in my opinion. Does it matter that the cards are from 1984? Not in my book. I like having to figure out "What was bigger: East or West Germany?"Oh, they serve absinthe, too, which apparently became legal last year.
<review# 1306,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2011,2/23/2011,96,93,3,4,3>Yay! I am a fan of Habit's... It's an awesome spot for lunch, especially if you can do that "hour later than everyone else" lunch... It's not incredibly spread out and roomy, but it's comfortable and the food is really good... I have to recommend the haddock sandwich... so tasty and plentiful... And, you never get the feeling that someone is "hovering"... The staff is relaxed and the bartender always keeps a watchful eye without being pushy... When we're in the Oakley/Hyde Park area for lunch, it's always either Habit's or Aurthur's... When I'm alone, I typically choose Habit's...
<review# 1307,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2011,2/22/2011,58,439,,3,2>Not that this part of town needed another sushi/Thai restaurant, but this one has a few things going for it: dedicated parking lot, gorgeous decor, and great value bento boxes for lunch. It was practically empty when dining there on a recent Saturday afternoon, although it did fill up a bit by the rime we left. The area is so super-saturated by restaurants like this, it's really a shame they didn't pick a different location. My friend and I ordered bento boxes for lunch. For $10, I got miso soup, a Boston roll, 1/2 a spicy tuna roll, 1 "Siam roll" (aka Spring roll), 1 crab Rangoon, some fried rice, and a few orange slices. The Boston sushi roll was the best part with large pieces of fresh, delicious Salmon inside (plus cucumber, avocado, etc.).  It's a nice little sampler that left me full, but not stuffed, and a good value for the price. I'd like to come back and sample some entrees (curries, pad Thai, etc) as well, but I don't think I could be convinced to order off the Italian side of the menu--I just don't get that part!
<review# 1308,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2011,2/21/2011,82,119,,2,1>Ichiban has been on my radar awhile, but I finally decided to take the plunge and check it out. After our attempt to try out Ichiban yesterday was thwarted by a 1+ hour wait....we made reservations for tonight. Having a parking spot magically appear in front of us - we were in the door right on time. The most noticeable difference from the night before was that there was not really any wait at all. We already knew about the  1/2 price sushi deal, but we were also made aware that Happy Hour was still going on....so I also ordered a $5 Mai Tai. While it wasn't my favorite Mai Tai ever, it was fine and helped satiate my craving for tiki drinks (if you know any good tiki drinks in the city - let me know!)We ordered a spicy tuna, shrimp tempura and JTB roll (obviously we were not aiming for the healthiest rolls on the menu.) For those who have been to Dancing Wasabi and experienced the bliss of the Sunday Morning Roll - the JTB is Ichiban's answer. Crab and cream cheese given the tempura deep fried treatment. Very tasty. We also enjoyed the other rolls. Our waiter, while not overly personable, was attentive.I'm sure that will not be the last JTB I enjoy.
<review# 1309,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2011,2/20/2011,35,78,,1,1>J'adore crepes. The lightness, the flavors all cooked up together. It's such a simple, sophisticated meal. And really, there's no better place to experience the joy of fresh, crepey goodness than at It's Just Crepes.I love the Crescent Springs location, mainly because it's two minutes from my house, and literally, any and every combo of crepe fillings is going to be absolutely scrumptious. I've had the simple, classic French version with lemon spread and powdered sugar, and I've had the insanely decadent Peanut Butter Cup with Nutella, creamy peanut butter, and crumbled and Reese's Cups. I'm a sweet crepe gal myself, but the savory Bacon, Egg and Cheese crepe is a heavenly brunch explosion in your mouth. My all-time favorite, though, is the It's Just Fruit crepe--blueberries, bananas, strawberries, and I customize mine with Nutella instead of the standard vanilla creme. It's the best combo possible of light crepe texture, melty chocolate, and sweet fruity goodness. A few caveats preventing a full five stars: the place can get busy at peak hours, and it seems understaffed at times. Large families with children and extended family members like to come and try to commandeer the entire place, take way too long to order, and try and take up as many as tables as possible. It gets old, especially when I like to come and enjoy a crepe as a special treat for myself; take your family reunion to Chuck E Cheese's please, not a tiny little specialty cafe.The coffee is also kind of bootleg. It's a weird off-brand, and all the sugars and creamers are generic as all get out. At least invest in some real Splenda and Sweet'n'Low, not random "yellow" and "pink" packets.Bottom Line? Delicious Crepes with amazing flavor and filling combinations. Just try to avoid peak hours, and make sure to seat yourself far away from overly large suburban clans giving you the stinkeye.
<review# 1310,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2010,2/19/2011,38,153,,3,2>How much do I trust Dana's?  I referred both my mom and my Aunt there to get their tattoos!  My Aunt is from Chicago and usually has her ink done there...but  when in town, she always manages to talk my mom into getting a new tattoo...Steve, an incredible artist, musician, etc...works at Dana's and is the only guy I'd send my little mother to :) Beautiful work, clean environment, nice clientele.  Even brought my wee one, and felt comfortable with her walking all around the waiting area.  I do NOT have any ink, but my mom and Aunt's work looks great.
<review# 1311,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2010,2/18/2011,81,14,16,4,1>Whatever you do, don't let my mother see this review. You see, I'm a Jew, and as a Jew there are a few rules you don't break, and I'm not talking about eating pork (I'm a Reform Jew, chill out). Never, ever, ever let it get out that you found food better than what your mother cooks. Seriously. They don't mention this in the Torah, but you learn pretty quickly, Jewish women cook the best food. Always will. Always have. So for me to say that Pit-to-Plates Brisket is better than my mothers is blasphemy and could honestly get me disowned.  I'm actually scared. So don't tell her I think so.In all seriousness (wait, I was serious before, don't tell my mother), this brisket is by far the best I've ever had, and I've had a lot of brisket in my day.  I first learned of the awesomeness that is Pit To Plate's brisket at the Taste of Cincinnati (a wonderful event if only because I was introduced to this delicacy) and couldn't wait to head up to Mt. Healthy to try it again. And again.I honestly haven't tried their pulled pork or ribs, though I can only assume they're also cooked to perfection like the brisket.  I don't defile the brisket with any sauces, but I did feel like I had to try them just to see what they were like, so I poured each onto a spoon and tasted them.  I was not blown away, but I also didn't think any of them were horrible. But it doesn't matter, it won't be going on my brisket and I don't see myself getting anything but at Pit to Plate.  And that's fine by me.
<review# 1312,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2011,2/17/2011,84,41,5,3,4>This is one of the best deals in town - $2 to get to the observation deck of the (almost) tallest building in Cincinnati. You can spy on people in the pool of 4th and Plum, check out events in the stadiums, and just generally see everything, everywhere. Plus, it's a great makeout spot. Just saying.
<review# 1313,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2011,2/16/2011,60,98,1,4,2>I had no idea there was a place at Newport on the Levee where a gal could get an untamed brow sorted out. That is, until this past week, when I went to go check out the "75% off everything must go!" sale at the closing Hot Topic (what? I like clearance sales and Harry Potter stuff, don't judge me!). I stopped to get a coffee afterwards, and was just about to leave the Levee when I noticed this little shop on my way out. "House of Brows" I read, and then I checked out the prices. $15 for a brow wax or threading? It seemed reasonably priced, and I'd been wanting to try threading anyway. Also, and you can totally judge me on this, but I'd spent 10 minutes that morning trying to pluck out a few wayward brow-hairs without much luck in sorting out the mess. Luckily, my mostly Hobbit-like qualities don't include unibrow, so I can usually get my brow waxed and not have to suffer through it again for 7-8 weeks.Anyway, I opted for the threading, and it was not that miserable an experience. I actually found it less painful than wax (as far as the after-effects go- minimal redness, puffiness, and itchiness later, and in fact, I experienced none of those usual irritants). So for that particular service, and for the convenience on the Levee, I give this place 4 stars. I am not brave enough to allow anyone to wax any of my other areas, so I can't review any of their other services (and didn't notice what other prices they had) but I can attest that she did a good job on the threading (though I am not even sure of the name of the lady who did my threading, but she was very nice, and she mentioned that they are closed on Mondays).
<review# 1314,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2011,2/15/2011,47,145,,5,2>I was referred to this place by an insurance company that had to fix my car, after someone hit it.The people that worked here were really nice, and very reasonably priced.They even went above and beyond what they needed to do. While fixing my car, they notiiced that I had a rather large hole in my car. (I have a Saturn = plastic) But the hole was from something else so that wasn't supposed to be fixed. They however called around and found a part to replace the area with the hole, and they fixed it for 250.00. I had called around about getting the hole fixed before but everywhere said it would cost 500.00 to fix, which just didn't seem worth it to me so I wasn't going to get it fixed. 250.00 was such a good price!Also, they cleaned my car out for me, which they didn't need to do.I would recommend this place to anyone, but it's pretty hard to find if you don't know what you're looking for. It's off of Dixie Highway/ US 42, hidden behind Ace Hardware.
<review# 1315,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2011,2/14/2011,21,85,,2,5>We found this place by accident trying to find another restaurant, but were so glad we stopped here instead for brunch.  On one of our adventures into Cincinnati from Dayton, we were semi-lost and looking for a way back onto I-75 after exiting the highway and not being able to get back on the same way.  We exited at a shady neighborhood and kept driving but then we crossed the railroad tracks and literally found ourselves on the nice side of town.  In this case, it was not just a saying!  The nice neighborhood had lovely humongous houses and there stood the Half Day Cafe on the corner for this little friendly town.  It looked so bright and cute; so inviting, that we just had to stop and eat there (we were also starving at this point).The inside was like a happy little coffee shop/breakfast place that you see in the movies, yet everything seemed so natural.  Tons of natural light poured in from the windows and the smells of delightful food and coffee filled the air.  People were talking happily and families were chatting about their morning and what they were doing next week; it was so nice!The service was just as good - friendly, attentive, and fast.  No airs, and all natural.The food was amazing.  I ate the Mango Butter Rum French Toast and it tasted so good, nothing comes close, and obviously, from the name, not many places probably serve it.  Usually I get sick from eating sweet breakfast foods for some reason, but not this time.  The french toast was not too sweet, which is probably why I did not feel sick and I did not feel overly full.I just love breakfast places that differ in their menus but do not go overboard and try to overwhelm you.  The flavours involved in the menu are simple but different.  They do not taste or sound artificial or ridiculous.  It is good to know that some places know the line between tasteful and overdone.
<review# 1316,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2011,2/13/2011,45,13,,3,1>Went here Friday night after a looooong week. Had some food, I normally avoid... Onion rings, a few drinks, garbage fries, and a big bowl of chili. It was very soul soothing after a rough week. We had a short wait which is common at this place with tremendous local history. But we sat at the bar to have a drink and delicious onion rings. They came out lightning fast and were tangy, crunchy, and light. Normally we complain about how soft and oily the O-rings are but not here. Then surprisingly quickly we moved to a booth and I ordered the chili and garbage fries. The fries were cheesy and had bits of Applewood smoked bacon on them. Oh yeah! And what good are fries with out dipping sauce? So, I ordered the chili. And it was a satisfying nice and hot, spicy, meaty chili. Will be back soon and so should you....
<review# 1317,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2011,2/12/2011,16,42,4,2,3>Primavista delivers! They claim that there isn't a bad seat in the house and that is the Truth. This my favorite restaurant view in the city. As proof, my lady is drop dead stunningly gorgeous and I am head over heals in love with her. In addition we went to Primavista on New Year's Eve and she looked especially amazing. But while there, the view was so awesome that I was actually able to take my eyes off of hers for a few moments. Seriously, it's that special!The prices are moderately expensive but the food  is very delicious, and the service sets the standard being prompt, attentive and friendly. After all, you should come for the view. You will be glad you did.
<review# 1318,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2011,2/11/2011,68,76,,3,3>Straight from yoga, all stinky & sweaty, my friend and I needed grub!I've been hearing about Lemon Grass since I moved here 2 years ago, and she was craving Thai, so off we went.Bad news first- Parking was a B*#&*$! We drove around for about 15 minutes before we found a spot and had to hike to get to the restaurant. Normally, not a problem, but as it was snowing and we were sweaty...it was pretty miserable.BUT all was redeemed when we ordered the Jasmine hot tea prior to our meal. Perfect and warm and relaxing. She had a veggie soup and a salad with some sort of peanut sauce that look pretty dang tasty, while I munched on some curry with rice. Warm and coconuty, it was very satisfying. I will definitely go again.
<review# 1319,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2011,2/9/2011,22,39,,2,2>Just had brunch at Nectar this morning with my friendly neighbor and we're both fans!  We actually both got the same thing (not good planning on our part....as far as tasting different items)..but we both very much loved their version of the "Croque Madame".  It came on whole wheat sourdough bread with mixed greens, dijon mustard, fig preserves, prosciutto, cheddar and of course topped with a perfectly cooked fried egg.  Yum!  It came with some fresh fruit and these delectable crispy potatoes!  The menu (which changes frequently) had many delicious offerings.  Service was good, coffee a bit weak for my Seattle-groomed taste buds, but they did keep it and the water flowing freely.  I will definitely be back.
<review# 1320,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2011,2/8/2011,32,24,,2,3>Part of me doesn't want to give this library 5 stars because it isn't mine and I'm jealous.But, it's really cool.We went for a concert (at a library! It defies all logic!). I was really impressed by the enormity of this building. I didn't actually browse their selection, but with the sheer number of shelving units, I'm gonna guess it's pretty good. The library is in a, what appears to be, zillion-dollar building. They obviously try to reach out to their community by doing things like having concerts. Very cool in my book. I'll go back for future events, even if I can't check out their books and will seethe with jealousy.
<review# 1321,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2011,2/7/2011,107,86,5,9,3>You know, BBQ and I have this love affair going. But a BBQ place with CAJUN FOOD?!?!? Apparently the place is owned by the former partner to Gary Burbank of 700 WLW and Burbank's BBQ fame. Whomever he is... that owner is a freakin' genius... trying to suck every loving penny of dining budget from my wallet. Pure, evil genius.The funniest part is though... as much of a BBQ freak that I am, I was actually so torn up with this menu because there are so many awesome options.I ended up passing on the BBQ and opting for the Cajun Corn Dogs and the Uncle Jerry's Shrimp & Grits. OMG! Grand slam homerun!! The food is "off the hook" good. Andouille sausage corn dogs? NOM NOM NOM NOM!!!I hate falling in love with something right off the bat because now I will be torn when I visit again. Go with what I already love? Or venture into new territory? I do have to eat the BBQ for posterity sake - so that's a given. But there are some other things that simply call to me... stuff like smoked chicken and waffle with maple syrup?!? OMG! If this place keeps it up, it might very well become one of my favorites.
<review# 1322,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/18/2010,2/6/2011,51,59,4,3,3>Pretty good, pretty good.  I'd give it 4.5 stars if I could.  BYOB.Came here around 900 for dinner on a Friday night with my man.  It wasn't packed - there were two other groups of people there.  We were welcomed and seated immediately.  Didn't know it was BYOB but my date and I decided that a bottle of wine next time would be a wise idea.  They usually stop seating at 915.The ambiance was impressive.  Soft lights, warm glow, it just felt cozy and comfortable.  Like my snuggie.  But classier.Started off with the cheese platter because, well, we love cheese.  Good combo of cheddar, blue, something and brie.  Could have been a little more interesting - but if it's focused on more local cheeses then I guess that's pretty good.  The fruity thing on the side was yummy and we had no problem getting some more crostinis.Then we had the flatbread.  YUM.  Caramelized onions, tomatoes, mozzarella - great appetizer.  That was gone in 0.2 seconds.  Then our "main" small dish, the pork, and our two side dishes, the mac and cheese and tator tot casserole arrived.  Let's start with the good.  I know everyone talks about the tator tot casserole -- but I really must comment on it here again.  DELICIOSO.  It's like a giant tator tot as opposed to mashed up tator tots.  I am a huge fried potato product fan to begin with but this really blew me away.  And those mildly burnt outside parts were worth fighting over.  The mac and cheese had a hint of blue cheese -- it was also very good.  The pork - well, was ok.  Not memorable.  Probably wouldn't order it again.Dessert was Pumpkin Cheesecake with Bourbon Whipped Cream.  Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh -- also so good!  WOW.  I love pumpkin anything but this really took the cake -- get it?  Cake?  Hehehe.  And Bourbon Whipped Cream -- I mean, honestly, it doesn't get much better than this.  My man wanted to take it home and ... well, use your imagination.  But seriously, this is the best dessert I've had in a while.Highly recommended.  Seasonal menu only makes it all the more appealing.  Romantic too.
<review# 1323,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2010,2/4/2011,204,335,1,8,4>One of the oldest bakeries in Cincinnati (if not the oldest) it is also probably the best.  What can you say about St. Lawrence?  How to you review perfection?  You can't...they have been using the same recipes and keeping the same hours of operation since I've been on earth.  This bakery is 150 years old - and you just simply cannot get what they have anywhere else in Cincinnati.  Their apple strudel cake will kill you where you stand.  The don';t take credit cards and if you don't get their early enough they will be out of everything.  This is a true bakery.  they are closed by 2:00 PM everyday and pretty much sold out by 11:00 AM.  They are CHEAP.  Some of their pricing stems from the 50's.....tiny hole in the wall place with no air conditioning.
<review# 1324,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2011,2/3/2011,5,13,,2,1>It was well over a year over due, but it was an incredible experience none the less! My first time to 20 Brix was with my family, 6 of us, and we had early reservations at 5:30ish. We ordered the Pork Belly to share as an appetizer with a few glasses of wine, while I chose to go the craft beer route (decent selection!). For dinner, I don't remember what everyone else had, but I ordered the special. People, just remember, the head chef at 20 Brick, Paul Borroco, is a badass and the specials are called that for a reason! They are a plateful of tantalizing, perfectly meshed flavors that will leave you wanting to write a Yelp review of praise. Our visit was in December, so I don't remember exactly what I had, but it involved some kind of fish that I had never had before. It was delicious. Every one else loved their meals, wine, beer, and desert. We spent $300 I believe, so if you want to save a little money, don't hit the booze like we did. Side note, there wine list was very well done. Go to 20 Brix, it's worth the (scenic) drive to the cute town of Old Milford!
<review# 1325,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2011,2/2/2011,63,56,,4,3>Mica is really growing on me and I've come to adore this shop.  It is now my go-to place for gifts and to treat myself.  My most recent visit to Mica was to buy a Christmas gift.  I went in to buy something that I had seen hanging in the window, but wound up with 3 other gifts as well - thanks to the super friendly and helpful staff.  The store has the most beautiful home accessories and jewelry.  Everything is very unique, but the pricing is modest, compared to what I expected.  The lady who rang me up also gift wrapped my purchases - a nice touch!
<review# 1326,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/16/2011,2/1/2011,172,180,3,2,3>This place is just... hilarious.I have a riotous time every chance I get to hang out here.I know it's supposed to be a coffee shop, but it's so much more fun as a bar and event space.Whenever Cincinnati seems like it's too crazy conservative for me, I come to Baba Budan's.It never fails to be full of ridiculous liberals who make me feel like I'm a member of Sarah Palin's PAC. So of course, I find it to be full of hilarity.The beer selection is excellent and the prices are pretty fair. Because it's a college joint, it could stand to be a little cheaper.It can get very packed in there though. It's a very tight space. (That's for you Steve Carrell.)My recommendation, Baba's is either the place to start or finish the night in Clifton. Leave when it fills up, come back when it empties.
<review# 1327,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2011,1/31/2011,25,121,3,4,6>Without wanting to sound too cryptic, the Hofbrauhaus is good for what it's good for. The beer here is exceptional and you can buy it in a liter stein - who doesn't like that?? (You, raising your hand - you can leave now.) This is a beer joint. So come here if you like drinking beer.I went with two friends so that we could use up a $40 gift cert I'd purchased through LivingSocial. We each had two beers (not the steins, but thanks for thinking that I could drink that much beer) and the three of us split two appetizers, the hot pretzels and the fried pickles. I could eat those pretzels every day for the rest of my life. Delicious and just the right amount of salt, which is to say, a lot.We were all pleasantly surprised when the bill came to only $45. That was during happy hour, and I'm not sure exactly what the deal is, but we were all very pleased with our meal. A return visit to the Hofbrauhaus is definitely in the offing.
<review# 1328,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/4/2010,1/30/2011,29,38,3,6,1>I've long believed that in order for Cincinnati nightlife to cross over from solid to great, the city needs a few more quality restaurants that are open 24 hours.  Sadly, Pepper Pod isn't the restaurant I've been hoping for, although it certainly isn't the worst option available.Pepper Pod's food is decent and affordably priced.  On my last trip, I had their meatloaf platter (complete with an amazing bowl of cottage cheese) for less than $10, including drink and a tip.  Their waitresses are emotionally distant but I've never had one be flat-out rude to me.My biggest complaint with the Pod is its lack of personality, especially in terms of decor.  Tan walls.  Tan tables.  Fluorescent lighting.  Pardon me while I grab a quick nap.If the Pod were located in a different part of town, this review might be a little kinder.  But when you consider that nearby Anchor Grill and Waffle House serve better food and offer a more memorable dining experience (if sometimes only for the wrong reasons), why should anyone settle for the Pepper Pod?
<review# 1329,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2010,1/29/2011,141,22,9,3,6>An ode to Park + Vine:What to say, my dear green general store?There's naught about you I don't adore!From earth-friendly baby care,To yummy food whose carbon impact is barely there,You make me feel good and whole.It's true, at first glance, my heart you stole!  Moral of the poem: Go to Park + Vine, shop, and feel great about being human and thoughtful.  Your body and your spirit will thank you.
<review# 1330,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/10/2010,1/28/2011,27,219,,5,1>Hahana Beach could be the kind of place I have been looking for in Cincinnati.  Big garage door walls that can be opened on a nice day/night that make every seat in the place "outdoor seating."  A sports bar atmosphere with lots of TVs, lots of people.  We found it a little awkward when we first walked in, the seating currently is free-for-all.  It was super busy so they had some tables that hadn't been cleaned yet.  I think they could benefit from 3-5 more people working during the busy times for a greeter, busboys and a few more servers.  It took about 2hrs for us to get seated, get drinks, eat, and pay.  We weren't in a hurry, but I think I would have been crabby if we were.  As for the food, it was excellent! The Hahana burger was delicious with pineapple and jalapeños! The Fish Tacos were also very well done, they were tender with good flavor.  I really enjoyed the Hawaiian Coleslaw they serve and sweet potato waffle fries really were one of my favorite foods ever!  They were delicious and well seasoned.  On the booze, they had a full bar with some decent selections on tap, I think it would be nice if they had a local Rivertown or Mt Carmel Brewery on tap.  They did have this vodka infused with fruit (i think pineapple and oranges) that you could get, they had a name for it, but I cant remember... that was particularly fabulous.  It made every drink fruity and delicious and reminded me of our hawaiian vacation.  Oh and they put two pieces of the fruit with every drink for some extra kick!(As a side note to Christopher C.  I do think that it was weird with the number of kids (10-15) there at about 10pm but for our visit they mostly just played in the sand beach volleyball area and were not distracting or annoying.)I really have high hopes for Hahana Beach.  Their building, premis and food could totally make them our new hangout if they can get the service worked out.  We will definitely go back and I hope I can make my review 4 or 5 stars then.
<review# 1331,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2010,1/27/2011,80,51,2,4,3>As much as I like the finer things in life, I pretty much eschew pretension and conspicuous consumption.What I DO love is a genuine, inclusive crowd, spectacular cocktails and some live music.Mainstay hits the target in all three categories.These people don't put on airs. Instead, they are very much come-as-you-are - whether that is hipster, hot or humble. The bar only serves massives beers and tremendous cocktails - especially when Molly Wellmann is behind the bar.The music is loud and the band is usually always entertaining. If you'd prefer taking a seat over the headbanging in the crowd, there are several comfy outposts lined with couches and such.
<review# 1332,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2011,1/26/2011,25,80,,3,1>First, Yum! I love Vietnamese food, but I honestly my experience doesn't extend much further than Cilantro. When a classmate suggested we get together for lunch here, I was super excited to give it a try. It did not disappoint. It was much bigger inside than I expected which was good because it was so busy for a weekday. There are different bowl sizes so you can get just the right amount. The server was super friendly and even when he brought me the size bigger than what I ordered he let me keep with no up charge. It was the middle size and was big enough that I have leftovers the next day. I loved the spring rolls, really glad I impulsively ordered them at the last minute. I honestly could not tell you what noodle bowl I ordered but I am sure they are all excellent. I was really tempted by the sandwiches and can't wait to go back and try one; I was a little too timid this time.
<review# 1333,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2011,1/25/2011,19,7,,2,1>Decor definitely opens your eyes.  This is a very cute, quaint restaurant that seems secluded from the average restaurant row.  Appetizers were superb (baba and spanakopida).  I had the polenta with shrimp, it was really tasty.  The service was a bit slow, but we didn't mind because we were too busy being social.
<review# 1334,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2011,1/24/2011,112,150,1,2,3>Yowza!! Where do you start in writing a review of Jungle Jim's?? Maybe with their fun entrance, "Start your Carts" or with their cute decor of swinging Campbell soup cans or with their creative cooking school or with the selection of food from around the globe!!! It's almost too much to take in your first visit, so plan on at least 3 hours to really browse the store. The store alone can be a fun date experience or a place to bring out of town guests! It's a foodie heaven and the possibilities are limitless of what you can create!We took a British Pub and Beer cooking class here and had a great time. The instructor was actually from England, so it made the experience more authentic and the food was divine!! She prepares and cooks for you a full meal from appetizer to dessert and shares cooking tips and stories throughout. They also offer varying classes such as sushi making, hands on classes, and kids classes. I am sure that no matter what food item you are looking for and no matter from what country Jungle Jim's will have it. I brought my mom from out of town and she found a candy that she loved that she only got when she lived in Guam for a year. She was thrilled to see it!! It is worth a drive and worth a day to experience the foodie amusement park that is Jungle Jim's!
<review# 1335,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2010,1/23/2011,201,516,3,4,3>I've had Terry's bookmarked on Yelp for a long time, probably one of the first places added when I moved to Cincinnati over a year ago. When I finally decided to go for dinner for what I expected to be the best burger I'd ever eat, I had a salad for lunch and didn't have a single snack all day.Upon arriving with a large group, we were seated somewhat close together. Terry's Turf Club is a very small building (can it even be called a "building"?) so we were lucky to have our group of 15 in 3 adjacent tables. I had a beer and ordered a custom creation: a burter topped with crab meat and rosemary green curry sauce.We patiently waited for our burgers, appreciating what was around us. First, everyone was happy. There was music playing from the jukebox, conversations happening, and smiles all around. The wait staff was happy to please us and checked on our tables frequently. We noticed that there are no traditional light fixtures in the entire establishment; all of the lighting came from the many neon signs throughout. We were extremely amused when we discovered this, and tried our hardest to hunt down a plain ol' light bulb!Anyway, my burger arrived.It was messy, greasy, and just delicious! The fries were... not so much. They were dry. Ketchup couldn't even save them, and I wasn't the only one in our group who felt this way.Was it the best burger I ever had? Nope. Did I enjoy the hell out of it? Yes. Did I force myself to eat every last delectable morsel of the monstrous meal (minus the fries...) to the point of nearly getting sick? Of course. It was a great, great burger and the price was right. I'll definitely be back.
<review# 1336,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2011,1/22/2011,26,63,,4,1>Cafe Mediterranean is our favorite middle eastern restaurants in Cincinnati.the ppl working there are super friendly which really encourage you to come back more often. so we usually go there once-twice a month....the food is amazing which reminds me a lot of the food back home (Syria)as for appetizers: stuffed grape leaves and borak are excellent...their salads  are good as well but somehow taboleh doesn't look or taste exactly as the original middle eastern taboleh!!All their main dishes are so tasty and healthy at the same time. I recommend the Adana kebab and Iskender kebabdesserts are great too. the atmosphere inside is elegant and cozy and the Turkish music they play is very nice.Cafe Mediterranean is a must visit if you wana have authentic middle eastern food in Cincinnati
<review# 1337,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/20/2010,1/21/2011,96,121,24,2,4>Really, we need ANOTHER review for Kings Island? Yes, we do.You see, I like PKI a lot. Now I suppose it's just KI, but nobody has forgotten the Paramount branding. I don't even know what Top Gun is called now, probably something like Danger Zone (actually if its not, it should be). But if you mention Top Gun, everyone knows exactly what you're talking about.Other pluses are the Adventure Express, the coolest kiddie rollercoaster you'll ever ride. The Beast, which is still epic as the longest wooden coaster in the world decades later. And Firehawk, my favorite coaster at the park.Honestly, they do everything pretty well. You will have a fun time here, and if you get a pass during the specials, its only like $25 for the day. Be prepared to pay through the teeth for food - however, you can get a better deal at the german restaurant place near the viking ship, if you have enough people to share a pizza.PKI gets docked a point though for two reasons - one, they took away the King Kobra. Fie on you I say, that coaster was awesome. But alas, there is one more injustice that cannot stand.The Racers. They now both face forward."Impossible! Hogwash! Inconceivable!" you say.  But I assure you friend, it is as I say. There are two rules for coasters - the first of course, is never get involved in a land war in Asia. The second is that when you have "dueling" coasters, one has to go backwards. There is no reason for the Racer to have their backwards car snapped away from it. It's passed being "On Notice" and took the backwards car to "Dead to Me". When someone asks where the Racer is, and points out its white track, I say "What's that? and stare through it like its not even there.PKI, if you're reading, I am holding your 5th star hostage. You can have it back when you stop pissing on my childhood.
<review# 1338,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2011,1/20/2011,11,105,,6,3>This little "mom-n-pop" tailor shop does a great job with alterations and repairs.  Their prices are reasonable & fair and, quite frankly, they do a damn good job.  I've had them repair everything from buttons and pants to sewing patches on a backpack.....all done well.  They also make custom suits, but I haven't gone down that road yet.  They're located right downtown on 7th St. near the Macy's HQ.  There is plenty of street parking.On an historical note,the east side of their building (connected to it ) is literally the thinnest building in Cincinnati.  You'll have to cross the street to fully gauge it, but you'll see that a very very thin building was built between two others sometime in the late 1800's or early 1900's.  It's pretty cool.  You can use Google Maps' streetview to see it as well.....check it out!!
<review# 1339,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/31/2010,1/19/2011,21,6,,3,1>The last time I ate at Cumin it was an Indian restaurant. Now, it's been completely transformed into a modern eclectic restaurant with fantastic service and delicious food. I started with crispy eggplant chips with tamarind sauce. Yum! For my main course, I chose the fresh agnolotti (basically giant raviolis). They were served over shaved brussels sprouts and topped with slices of black truffle. This is truly one of the most delicious things I've ever eaten. While the prices make this a special occasion place, I will happily celebrate birthdays, anniversaries, etc. there in the future.
<review# 1340,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2011,1/18/2011,210,324,,1,2>Really starting to come into it's own, the burger combinations are excellent, and the build your own options are good too, not arthur's good, but good.  I tend to order my burgers a little rarer than other places, they tend to either overcook, or their special blend cooks quicker than regular beef.  The beer selection is top notch and a slightly friendlier budget than Dilly Deli.   Now if we could have them host a burger madness event...
<review# 1341,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2011,1/17/2011,144,216,,2,2>I've only been twice and both times for the cheeseburger special. It is a burger, cheese, onion on a bun with fries and a drink for $6.19 and your drink can be a Hudy Delight. The food is served on a paper plate and the atmosphere isn't fancy, but the service is quick and friendly. Since my friend lives in the area and frequently the place, she was greeted but I was made to feel just as welcome.   You don't get a bill, you just walk over to the cash register and pay up. It's a little different than every other burger joint and I like it.
<review# 1342,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2011,1/16/2011,286,202,1,2,2>Amazingly delicious food! I'd been wanting to try out this restaurant, and finally went with a group of foodie friends. There were 6 of us all together, and we called a week ahead to make a Thursday evening reservation. I was somewhat surprised to hear that I could only get a reservation at 5:30 (or earlier) or 8 pm (or later), but that a 6 pm reservation was not possible for our group. As we planned to see a show later on, we opted for the 5:30 time slot. When we arrived at the restaurant we were led to a round booth on the far left side of the restaurant. There are two large booths over there, and we ended up seated at the one near the rear of the room. It was very comfortable for a group our size, but there seemed to be a cold draft in this area (perhaps coming from the rear hallway?) that required the use of wraps throughout dinner service. Otherwise, the setting and ambiance was great. We all admired the lighting fixtures, upholstery on the seats, and paintings on the walls. But what you really want to hear about is the food, right? It. Was. Phenomenal. The flavors certainly did not disappoint. Even the bread and butter they brought out before the meal was delicious. The wine list was extensive, and they had no problem splitting the bottles of drinks we shared between the checks at the table. My salad was delicious and the dressing was full of flavor. My scallops were perfectly cooked- and it is sometimes really difficult to find delicious scallops in Cincinnati. The only disappointment was there were only 2 of them in the dish. However, I expected things here to be a bit pricey. It isn't a large plate full of food that you're paying for, it is atmosphere, presentation, and bursting, perfectly balanced flavors. Even the after dinner teas and coffees were amazing (the french press coffees or steeping at the table teas) and went deliciously with the variety of desserts sampled at our table. Verdict: I would definitely go back, but probably only for a special night out every now and then.
<review# 1343,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2010,1/15/2011,53,54,2,2,3>Winding down from a date night, out with a ton of friends and meeting up to watch the game- 3 completely different reasons to patron. 3 comepletely great times! Putters is so far away from my home so I don't get to visit often, but every time I have, I have always had a great time. My favorite thing about Putters is that  its low key enough that you can wear running shorts and a tshirt and a scene enough to get a little jazzed up. It's a place for everyone and everyone is comfortable and welcome. The bands on Fri and Sat night are so awesome. Even during their breaks, the music is great. The drinks are cheaper than any place near me and its never too crowded to move around and have your own space. The wait staff and bartenders are so nice and I've never waited more than a few minutes before being helped. People are friendly, the bartenders are on top of it and the dance floor is where ever you wanna break it down. You'll likely find strangers cheering you on. If you like to try new places and love mom and pops- this is a great pick!
<review# 1344,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2010,1/14/2011,77,64,,4,3>Quite simply, the best saag paneer in the Tri-state.  That might be all you need to get you there but just in case you need more proof, there is plenty at Guru.  I'm pretty certain they share ownership with the good folks at Ambar in Clifton, which does quite well so if you are an Ambar fan, it's probably safe to say Guru will be high on your list as well.The lunch buffet is great, plenty of selection and stays pretty fresh.  Of course at dinner time, you can order your grub with the appropriate level of spice, which for me, makes all the difference.  And we come full circle back to the saag paneer, yeah, I just changed my review from a 4 to a 5 thinking about it again.
<review# 1345,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/9/2010,1/13/2011,69,143,7,6,4>I went to Thai Express yesterday because of all of these reviewers raving about the pad thai. In my excitement, I didn't even mind that I had to take 5 minutes to parallel park, very badly, on the left side of the road. I practically skipped across the street and happily paid the $7 in cash. Not a bad price, actually.Just a few notes about the cramped environment. Pretty crappy, but it's called Thai EXPRESS so I can't complain. There were cheap pictures all over the walls, and this black and white photo of a Thai emperor dude randomly chilling at the corner of the window, retired from its status as a mountable work of art. Seating is sparse -- there are 2 tiny tables for 2 people each. My bf and I decided to eat here, and we were first amused, then tortured with the incessant blabbing of some girl who apparently thought her family history was deserving of its own E! True Hollywood Story or someshit. The girl's companion kept responding with "oh REALLY", "that's SO funny", "oh my GOD!" He did not get a full sentence in for a good 20 minutes. He was probably daydreaming about getting some real pad thai......because the taste of my noodles? A combo of too salty and too sweet. It was the right amount of spice -- 5 on a scale of 1-10 -- but the cut in my lower lip would not allow me to enjoy that. Fail. I will say that there was a good amount of egg, chicken, bean sprout and chopped peanut, and enough noodles to fill the front half of one of those square-shaped foam to-go containers. So I guess the volume was sufficient, but the taste left something to be desired. MEH.
<review# 1346,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2010,1/12/2011,120,162,,3,1>Hey Stella, I really like your place and plan to go back.Walking into Stella's you are greeted with a small (quaint not during lunch rush and quite cramped during lunch rush) soda shop from a bygone era.  There is a bar with six seats and a soda jerk station.  They make their own sodas that sell for a 1.50, and if its booze you are jonesing for, they have that too.Despite the tiny yellow menu at the tables, there are a lot of options to choose from, ranging mainly from salads, burgers, sandwiches and deserts.  I went for the Grief burger which was locally raised beef with grilled apples, blue cheese, lettuce and dejon, and I also splurged for some slaw.  Like other reviewers below, I was a little disappointed by the size of the patty.  The beef to dollar ratio did seem a tad out of balance, I mean it wasn't White Castle small, but I thought it would have been a little bigger.  The patty was pretty good, but I thought that the real magic came from the blue cheese and apples, which come in large savory chunks.  The slaw was a real home run, creamy and sweet with a little kick at the end.  My girlfriend got a salad and something else that I cannot think of, but it was quite tasty.  We also splurged for a bourbon brownie at the end, be sure to get the bourbon sauce and cream.I will definitely be back to try some of the homemade sodas and pies and pies that other reviewers mentioned.  From the prices and the menu, looks like a great lunch and brunch place.  Be prepared to spend at least 10 a person and be sure to get there early.  We got there around 11:30 and there were about 5 people, when we left an hour later the place was packed with every seat claimed.  Despite this rush, the waitresses were fantastic.  With the great food and ambiance, and daily specials menu, I will embrace Stella's again with open arms and a hungry stomach.
<review# 1347,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2010,1/11/2011,113,79,11,9,7>Here's a quick test anyone can perform to check and see if you were at the Southgate House last night:1. Do you smell like cigarette smoke?2. Have a ringing in your ears?3. Dull headache?4. Did you have an awesome time last night?You were probably at the Southgate House if you answered all of those questions with a 'yes.' You're pretty much guaranteed to have a good time when you walk in the door. They book great local and national bands. They host a sketch comedy night that goes by the name of Underbelly. And plus, the inventor of the Tommy Gun lived here. Last time I was there, I saw a Tommy Gun-shaped bottle of vodka behind the bar. That's incredible.The good times are spread out across three floors. There's an intimate front parlor for karaoke night and small, intimate musical acts (I saw Daniel Martin Moore play one night, so dreamy). Upstairs is where I saw the comedy show, with a few rows of bench seating, some tables, and a bar. Downstairs is where the big acts go. The balcony and the floor fill up to the brim when shows are sold out, so get there early if you're really passionate about a band playing. My only qualms - I leave smelling like smoke, always. And the acoustics in parts of the balcony are really bad, but I guess that's what happens when you put a huge music venue in some dude's old basement. And be sure to bring cash for the bar, they want you to spend at least $10 to use a credit card.That never seems to matter though, because I love the Southgate House. I can hang on to my concert memories and wash the smoke smell out of my jeans.
<review# 1348,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/22/2010,1/10/2011,73,258,5,4,5>One of the most insulting things just about every damned restaurant does:  had me one of these little buzzer/flasher things that 100 other people have held that night that I'm sure no one has cleaned to say my table is ready.  Why must I be summoned like a Pavlovian?  Why would people choose to eat this way?  What happened to "Excure me sure, your table is ready."?ForkHeartKnife.is as far away from that as possible.Four tables.; Two cooks.  No corking fee.  No servers.  Good food.  Relaxed environment.   No buzzer thingys.I loved this place.  Very informal with quality food.  Three of us showed up about 7:30 Friday for dinner.  The place was full.  There's only about four semi-communal tables and after about a 20 minute wait on the sidewalk (after being offered apps), one of the owners came out and said she's going to start issuing dirty looks to get the tables cleared.  No need.  Sat down within 23 minutes.  Took at look at the butcher's paper rolled down from the wall with tonight's menu items a bit confused and the chef/owner/server said "Why don't you just start at the top and work your way down."  My daughter once told me of a phrase to use with sushi chefs - omakase.  It means you're turning over the meal to the chef and that's what we did.  And we were glad we did.  Mostly vegetarian.  I'm a carnivore.  But a  very happy carnivore after eating there.  Oh, it's BYOB and I was out the door having fully fed three people for $36.   Take that restaurant that hands me a filthy buzzer then serves crap food!
<review# 1349,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/20/2010,1/9/2011,149,113,,5,3>Markos used to have a gyro food truck, but now the city's finest gyro has moved indoors right next to Mt. Lookout Tavern. They generally don't really have set hours but are likely open 9:00 until late Tuesday- Saturday evenings. Also open for lunch Saturday and Sunday from 11-2. The place is gritty looking, and dimly lit. Perfect for the intoxicated individuals who are stumbling home from a late night of fun in the square. Markos offers regular Gyros, Chicken Gyros and Vegetarian items for $5. I highly recommend checking this spot out if your looking for a different late night post-drunk bite in the Mt. Lookout area.
<review# 1350,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/3/2010,1/8/2011,211,416,13,3,1>If I were reviewing the People Watching only, Stone Creek would get a solid 5 stars. The location, ambiance and large bar area create a perfect storm for major Cougar action. Recently my husband and I observed the successful tracking, stalking and hunting of a (probably not-so-innocent) wildly attractive 20 something guy by about a half dozen blonde middle-aged divorcees. It got primal at some points. And that's not even exaggeration. There was ululating involved. I had eaten here before and not found it particularly noteworthy or yelp-worthy. First of all, I first thought it was a catering company given its name and strange entryway. What's up with Indiana-based ginormo-scale restaurants taking over in NE Cincinnati anyway? But we returned on a Friday when we were looking for some Happy Hour specials. The bar area is first come, first served seating and they do have a separate bar menu with small plates and appetizers. I had a Peroni (which is on tap! ok... I'll give them credit for their beer selection) and a tuna melt. The tuna melt was surprisingly decent. It was served on a hearty wheat bread with sprouts and avocado. The sweet potato pommes frites that were served with it were equally decent. The wine selection is killer... somebody ordered a bottle of Opus One while we were there. Like I said, nothing here is understated and nobody here is trying to be discreet. So in sum, if you are a young single looking for a Sugar Daddy or Cougar, you will want to check out the bar area at Stone Creek. If you like garish, incredibly expensive appointments (obscene amounts of granite, natural stone and the like) surrounding mediocre food, then you will also want to stop in for a visit.
<review# 1351,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/26/2010,1/7/2011,46,37,2,5,3>So I'm stoked for a new sushi restaurant in Northside, especially down on the South Block. But sushi is tough to do well, and new restaurants have famously low success rates.I seriously hope, and expect, The Painted Fish to stick around.I let my brother, much more the sushi connoisseur, do the ordering, so I can't tell you everything we had. However the first plate was my favorite, a lightly spicy, crunchy shrimp roll in a sauce Nick said he was still tinkering with. The prices were also very reasonable for sushi of this quality (great example of the advantage in living in a smaller city like Cincinnati).The atmosphere is sincere and almost cozy, but also sharp and purposeful without being slick. The Ratatat on the speakers fit perfectly. The place is large but 'zoned' with a few different areas so you'll likely be able to get a table on a busy night, but won't feel like you're at the Hofbrau. There is also a back patio that I look forward to checking out when it warms up a bit.We were well-served by our waiter, Cody, and the owner and sushi chef, Nick, visited our table afterward to see what we thought of his creations.I'm happy to share here what I told him,'it was pure, seaweed-wrapped awesome'(may not have been exact words)
<review# 1352,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2010,1/6/2011,37,58,5,7,7>Support your locals, friends, with this fine coffee roasting establishment.  The hours are promulgated on the gate on Hamilton that winds through the building to take you to the solariumesque roasting house.  If the gate is open, go on in.  If not, walk away with shoulders hunched like Charlie Brown and steep for the rest of the day in woe and sadness.  Try the Ethiopian Yirgacheffe.  Or the Papua New Guinea Roast.  Local art festoons the walls in the comfortable setting where one can buy 1/2 or a full pound of unground or ground beans.  The beans are roasted right there daily, so freshness is not an issue.  She is also at the Northside Farmers' Market (Wednesdays 4-7:30).
<review# 1353,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2010,1/5/2011,132,68,,1,1>Taz is my new favorite place for gyros. I never knew finding a really good gyro would be such a daunting task in this city but it really is. The meat (lamb & beef mix) was juicy, spiced to perfection & cut thick. The tahini sauce used isn't overpowering but lends itself nicely to the meat. Usually fries is my goto side for a gyro but I honestly felt like I was bastardizing my gyro by having it next to the fries. That said though, the fries were actually pretty good. The place is nice & cozy. I know the building used to be a fazolies (spe?) but dot let that fool you, you can't even tell once you step inside. Definitely my favorite medateranian Restaurant.
<review# 1354,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2010,1/4/2011,89,141,,5,4>This is one of the most amazing little treasures on the east side of Cincinnati.I've grown up right around the area and never more than 5 minutes from Battelle's - our family are devoted customers and regulars to the place.My favorite is their deli - you can pick up a sandwich for only around $3 and get all the good stuff, or you can get your meats, cheeses, and all kinds of great food items there for about the same if not cheaper than a normal supermarket deli.The employees there are fantastic - they are always incredibly friendly and willing to help. I ran into one outside the deli while shopping one day, and they were incredibly glad to see me and it was nice to be remembered even though I hadn't been there in about 8 months. The food is absolutely delicious, and they do GREAT catering services - many years throughout high school they catered big choral and musical events. They did a great job and nobody ever complained - and the food was gone!If you're looking for lunch or to pick up food items, as well as other grocery items, this is a great place to go! Plus it's nice to support smaller local businesses.**Note: The parking lot is rather small and on the side of the building, but they'll let you park wherever you need and there's also parking across the street.
<review# 1355,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2010,1/3/2011,139,64,2,3,1>As local farmers markets go, this one is terrific.  Open seven days a week from April through December, there are a large variety of vendors, especially on the weekends.  In spring, this is the place for flowers, herbs, and plants.  Everything you need to spruce up your garden.  In summer, the variety of vegetables and fruits is amazing.  I make weekly trips for all my fresh produce.  So much better than what you can get in the grocery store.  And cheaper too!  Come fall, there is a great variety of Halloween pumpkins and Christmas trees.In addition to the fresh farm fare, there are a number of vendors selling baked goods, jams, pickles, and honey.  You can also pick up fresh eggs and grain fed meats.  All vendors are really friendly and helpful.
<review# 1356,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2010,1/2/2011,64,159,1,3,5>One of the things I enjoy most about Cincinnati is its wonderful park system.  The entire tri-state area seems to take great pride in building and marinating some of the most beautiful, family-friendly parks you could ever hope to find. Even in some of the not-so-appealing sections of the city, you can find some decent parks.One of my favorites is Ault Park.  Located in the Mt. Lookout area of Cincinnati, Ault Park became available for the fine folks of Cincinnati to enjoy in 1911 after an initial 142-acre tract of land was given as a gift to the city by Ida and Levi Ault.  They continued to provide gifts to the city which allowed Ault Park to grow.The park had many ups and downs throughout the years until the 1980's when the park had become overrun by gangs and drug pushers.  By that time much of the park had fallen into disrepair, including the historic pavilion.  In an effort to combat that, an advisory council was created to take the park back and keep it maintained.And they've done a great job.  The first thing was to completely renovate the pavilion.  It is a beautiful structure, and it is not uncommon to show up and see a wedding taking place.  With a lookout point that provides a beautiful view, numerous gardens that are a joy to walk through, plenty of open green space where kids can run around or adults can have a romantic picnic, a number of hiking trails to tackle, and even a playground area for kids to enjoy, Ault Park has a little bit of everything for everyone.  I go here on occasion when I'm looking for some peace and quiet, a place both beautiful and tranquil.There are a number of events that take place throughout the year here.  My favorite event is the 4th of July Fireworks.  With vendors available and a brass band playing some of the most recognizable patriotic songs, the highlight is of course the actual fireworks display.  Anywhere in the park is a great view and I would highly recommend spending at least one July 4th celebration here.  Just a little note though; when looking for a place to park avoid the main streets and instead turn off onto one of the side streets.  This will actually allow you to get closer to the park, and avoid the long walk up the hill.Ault Park is a great place for both kids and adults.  Whether you're just stopping in for a visit or purposely planning to attend a scheduled event, Ault Park is well worth a look.Mahalo, and enjoy.
<review# 1357,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/18/2010,1/1/2011,94,404,,8,4>Like several others here, I'm elated to see an authentic pho joint make an appearance in the Cincinnati area, even if it's on the far southside reaches of the metro sprawl.  Prior to moving here in 2007, I'd spent the previous 15 years or so in two cities, New Orleans and Atlanta (plus a few months in Houston), that have relatively large Vietnamese populations and lots of Vietnamese-restaurant competition.  In my mind, Vietnamese cuisine is one of the best on the planet, and I've really missed the stuff here.  At Pho Saigon, the Vietnamese food is no half-assed sideshow as it is at a few of Cincinnati's slick, yuppie-friendly, Asian-fusion restaurants.  (And yes, I'm aware of Cilantro and Song Long, and while those places have their merits, they're not exactly the real deal.)  Vietnamese food is the sole star of the show here, thank goodness.  This place is run by Vietnamese with a primarily Vietnamese clientele in mind.  The soup spoons, chopsticks, Sriracha, and hoisin sauce were already on the table when we sat down, and it felt like old times.Although I'm really happy that Pho Saigon is in the area, it's nonetheless mildly disappointing on some levels.  The main problem is that Pho Saigon's pho broth is pretty thin gruel, and it's apparent from even a cursory visual inspection:  It looks watered-down.  (It's even discernable in Carson D's and Jim L's weak-pho photos--photo credits to these fellas!)  The broth is obviously the basic building block in beef noodle soup, and Pho Saigon's lacks the depth and complexity that makes pho great.  It's pretty blah. Still, the portions of beef flank, meatballs, and tendon in the soup are generous enough, and it's a pretty good bowl of soup after you doctor it up with basil, jalapenos, sprouts, Sriracha, et al.  Another drawback is the short menu.  Many Vietnamese places have menus with 150 or 200 items--many of which are variations on the same handful of dishes--but Pho Saigon's menu sticks to shorts lists of pho, bun (vermicelli bowls), and a handful of rice dishes.  No seafood here, outside of shrimp.  Service by a teenager, evidently a family member of the folks who run the place, was super-friendly but uneven.  Entrees arrived before beverages and before spring rolls.  (The spring rolls, by the way, are very good here.)  I look forward to some improvement as the owners work the kinks out.   We'll be back, but damn, I wish it were closer.
<review# 1358,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2010,12/31/2010,41,11,3,3,3>Sure, I could talk about Nada's hip, upscale atmosphere. I could talk about their drinks (who doesn't love a well made caipirinha?). I could even talk about their fantastic selection of tacos.... but no. I logged in tonight to talk about one thing: their Mexican Mac & Cheese. Simply put, it haunts my dreams. I sometimes wake up in a cold sweat, the taste of a perfectly melted blend of cheeses lingering on my tongue and the perfect hint of spiciness cutting through all that warm, gooey goodness. And it is in those moments that I know won't be able to go one more day without carving out a chunk of time to experience quite possibly the best mac and cheese I have ever had the pleasure of tasting. Even if every other item on the menu was bland (it's not) and the staff treated you like second class citizens (they don't) it would still be worth checking this place. Do yourself a favor and make it to downtown Cincinnati to try it for yourself. You won't regret it.
<review# 1359,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2010,12/30/2010,27,98,2,2,6>Oh boy do I ever love the Party Source. Maybe it says a bit about me, but I'm like a kid in a candy store everytime I walk in. I am paralyzed with options. Want wine? You have aisles, and aisles, and aisles at your disposal. Beer? Do you want it warm or cold? The former lines an entire wall, with six-packs, cases, and singles available of your favorite microbrew or typical factory swill. The latter is found in one of the largest beer caves I've ever seen. My fingers and toes have lost feeling a few too many times due to my inability to quickly choose a beer in this frigid room.I'm not much of a hard liquor fan, but if you want it, they have it.They also have a large cigar selection in a dedicated, humidified room. Need snacks, party favors, decorations, or non-alcoholic beverages for a party? They have all of these too.Party Source is your one-stop destination for a good time.
<review# 1360,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2010,12/29/2010,181,524,2,2,2>Rohs is my favorite coffee shop of all time.  Three cozy rooms to sit in, live music on occasion.  Fair trade coffee and it's a non-profit organization with employees that are mostly volunteers.  Every time I am back in Cincinnati I have to stop by Rohs.  Not only is the coffee delicious, but so are the other specialty drinks.  The karate latte (made from black sesame) and the grasshopper mocha are delicious.  If I remember correctly, they don't charge extra for soy, which I appreciate.  The iced tea and the other tea selections are also great.Rohs is a great place to meet up or get some work done (with free wireless).  The staff is friendly and you can also oogle local art on the walls or browse their book collection.
<review# 1361,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2010,12/28/2010,21,45,1,2,1>Among the best coffee spots out there.  Totally local, very friendly and a great daily selection of Fair Trade coffee.  Renovated in the last year to make it more organized and welcoming.  Awesome weekend place to chill with a friend, on your own or with your kids.  I'm a fan of Lookout Joe and you should be too!
<review# 1362,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/30/2010,12/27/2010,30,68,,3,3>I love trying new restaurants, so I was excited to try Poco a Poco out this evening with a group of friends.  It has a great location, right in Hyde Park Square.  We arrived about 1915 without reservations, and were immediately able to be seated.  We started off with the guacamole and chips and salsa.  I absolutely loved the guacamole and chips!  We then started with the summer salad and charred corn, both of which were big hits.  I could actually taste the advertised "asian" influence in the salad.  The corn was served in a small cup, and we probably could have used 2 for all of us.  For our main course, my friends got the yucatan chicken and pork.  They said they were good, but one friend found a small section of undercooked pork.  As a vegetarian (but fish eater), I opted to try the shrimp.  I'm not much for spicy foods, and the shrimp were sure spicy!  I think I would try something else next time; I felt that the spicy overpowered the taste of the shrimp.  We ordered 5 tapas in addition to chips and guacamole, and that was plenty of food for the 4 of us!  All in all, you can tell this is a new restaurant.  One of my friend's drink orders got mixed up, and then took a bit to get her correct drink.  Our server also never exchanged our plates throughout the entire dinner...  I'm not sure if that is something they are supposed to do, but it would be a nice idea!  I would be willing to try it out again after they have been open a little longer, but I don't think this will be my first choice for dinner anytime soon.
<review# 1363,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2010,12/26/2010,235,393,3,3,3>A unique and versatile space in Over-the-Rhine offering monthly or more exhibitions, performances, installation pieces, or combinations of all of these!Their mission (from their website): "An artistic space dedicated to exploring the layers of fake and real in which we exist daily. With a touch of humor (or tongue firmly planted in cheek), we are presenting limitless possible meanings and infinite layers of detachment inextricably linked to our existences, knowing very well that we will probably never find our way through."I've been here for several different shows - the first, Huxy: The Modes of Masculinity (or something similar) examined masculinity and had some really neat pieces. Recently I attended the Deep Fried Freedom Festival, featuring lots of junk food, people sitting around eating junk food as installations, and a great dance/performance art/storytelling piece from Pones, Inc. CityBeat did a nice write-up about the event. Pones did a dance piece out front of the space (after a fried chicken demonstration upstairs) where audience members each had a different ingredient - water, flour, eggs, spices, etc. and at different moments in the music doused the performers with their ingredients. I had the water one, and promptly dumped it on my friend's head who was in the show. Fun fun. That night they were also making white castle burger milk shakes - yes, I actually witnessed their creation, and ingestion by a few brave souls. Gross. Most recently I attended an evening featuring '3 Plays That End With An Atomic Explosion". An interesting absurdist script + some mildly drunk people who are clearly not actors + neat videos of atomic explosions+ a few monopoly game pieces + zeus screaming at his internet connection makes for a fun night laughing at the people on stage. The curators of this venue are really exploring a lot of different ways to create, present, and engage the audience in art. Go check them out!
<review# 1364,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2010,12/25/2010,436,192,10,13,9>BREAKING UPDATE: I bit the bullet and got the Japanese Ionic Thermal Reconditioning straightening treatment done today and a brow wax.  Not only did I have a blast with Kat (very good energy; very professional yet personable) but . . . . I left and the first text I sent to my boyfriend was:"I am beyond hot. Make that scorching". And it's true. She's efficient, effective, and just . . excellent! Not only does she answer hair-related questions and make style recommendations (if you ask), she makes you look GOOOOOOOD.Regarding brow wax: I told her she needed to put some back into my wax and unless my skin looks like raw meat afterwards, I'm not satisfied. She complied. Now, a hairdresser that gives in to sadistic requests (trust me - I know my brows and I know what works) is what I'm talking about! I have found my new hairdresser/salon.
<review# 1365,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2010,12/24/2010,35,175,,2,3>Im a big fan of this place. I hate Starbucks and since there is no 7-11s in this area it was hard for me to find a place I could just pop in and get a cup of what I considered "good coffee" (unless I went to Burger King or something, but I feel gross there)Anyway, this place has some great coffee. I'm very satisfied with it. It tastes like real coffee, not that weird "I cant explain whats wrong with it" flavor of starbucks coffee. I only drink coffee on the weekends, so when I discovered this place on saturday I went back sunday. I haven't really tried any of their food yet but it looks really good, The muffins are obscenely huge (like the size of 2 fists) and they have crazy flavor gelatos that I really want to try (caramelized sea salt, dark chocolate orange, lemon basil were some i noticed). This place is definitely a welcome addition to Florence, KY
<review# 1366,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/7/2010,12/23/2010,143,423,3,3,3>The Hank Williams memorabilia at Green Derby might not be the most modern choice for décor, but then Green Derby is not a modern restaurant. They have been around since 1947, serving up tried-and-true comfort foods like Kentucky hot browns, country-fried steak, and chicken livers. They're probably most famous for their enormous fried halibut sandwich, which is served with some of the best tartar sauce I've tasted in recent memory. Since I moved to Newport, I ate here twice in a week, making a special trip with my grandmother because I knew this place would be right up her alley. The Green Derby is full of the retirement age crowd. Here are the hits: fried halibut sandwich, metts with sauerkraut, green beans, cole slaw and the Green Derby salad. I highly recommend getting this salad, which is more similar to hot slaw than a traditional salad. It really is the perfect combination of sweet, sour and salty. Some of the misses: salmon patties (on special, pretty bland, served with an inedible mock hollandaise sauce), stuffed peppers (also on special, tomato sauce was too sweet, the pepper stuffing was bland). The prices are very reasonable and the portions are American-sized (meaning huge). Service was attentive and food came out without too much delay even on a busy Friday night. This is a place I'd go for certain dishes (Green Derby salad, hot brown) but I wouldn't veer too far away from those main-stays.
<review# 1367,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2010,12/22/2010,61,107,1,5,4>This is a place to unwind after a long day. The prices are friendly and the food is cheap and the wait staff is amazing. I have been going here for several years and I love it. Trivia is on Wednesdays and occasionally they have a houseband on the weekends. Great for college age kids and great for the over 40 crowd.
<review# 1368,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2010,12/21/2010,44,215,,3,1>After reading mixed reviews, I began to wonder if I would enjoy Daveed's... I'm happy to report that the answer is YES, I did! In fact, the food, service, and ambiance all outdid my expectations. (Perhaps because I *had* read mixed reviews.)First of all, how anyone could criticize the food leaves me completely baffled. We ordered the foie gras, baby arugula salad, pork chop, and filet mignon, and every single thing was fantastic. The foie gras was served "steak-style" as opposed to being made into a pâte, and was superbly rich and delicious. Even the simple salad was fresh and well flavored. Both the pork chop and the filet were cooked impeccably -- perhaps the best preparation of either that I've ever had -- and the sides (mashed sweet potato, and polenta) were excellent. They also have great bread, both French and rosemary, served with apple butter with pink salt. Delish! We ended our meal with the pastry sampler, which did not disappoint.(I'd like to go back and try the appetizer scallops, which also came recommended by our waiter.)Speaking of the service, our waiter was quite good. Very attentive, helpful, and friendly. The only lag came when we asked for the check, but in fairness to him, a large party (I think a company holiday event) had recently come in and were being settled in.The restaurant was decorated for the holidays, and I thought it was cute. The feel was more "home-made" than "swank interior decorator," but in Mt. Adams, I think that's pretty fitting.Given our wonderful experience, I would now put Daveed's among my top 5 nice restaurants in Cincinnati.(Edited to add: The only thing that was difficult was parking. Definitely leave yourself time to circle and find a spot, or else plan to park in the garage just down the street.)
<review# 1369,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2010,12/20/2010,18,9,1,3,3>I've been desperate to try Take the Cake for way too long, and finally got the opportunity when we had a day off school recently. I did try to go once before but it turns out they are closed on Monday, so be prepared for that.  When we did get to go, I was very impressed. I got an Asian meatball sub with hoisin sauce and what may or may not have been a ginger dressing. The meatballs were on a hoagy bun with pickled veggies and came with a small mixed green salad on the side. It was super yummy. The hoisin sauce wasn't at all overwhelming, which is my general feeling on hoisin, but this was just the right amount. Boyfriend got what is easily the best bacon and cheddar frittata I've ever had. Frittata's are easy to overcook and as a result I tend to stay away from them but that was a mistake at Take the Cake. The eggs were done perfectly, they were light and fluffy and had just the right amount of bacon and cheddar mixed in. We of course split a couple desserts, a black bottom cupcake which was fantastic, chocolate and cream cheese! We also had a fantastic rasberry vanilla cupcake topped with a fantastic butter cream frosting. All in all Take the Cake is a win. The food is great, the space is adorable, and everyone working there was super friendly and helpful.
<review# 1370,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2009,12/19/2010,174,628,3,3,2>I walked through the main bakery section and was impressed with the wide selection of tasty looking treats. However, I was planning to eat at the tea room so I did not purchase any.The tea room is a nice, quaint little place. Cozy and decorated in a shabby chic sort of way. In order to experience this properly, you probably need to come with a couple friends and take some time to savor your tea and sample a variety of food from their samplers. Seats fill up quickly and people don't give up their seats willingly.They have a great selection of tea that you can drink on site or purchase to take with you. I had a sandwich and some iced tea. Both were very good.They have two small outdoor tables (in full sun). They have one small bathroom that appeared to be hotly contested.
<review# 1371,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2010,12/18/2010,14,9,4,12,4>After 5 minutes talking to Clarence, I was more than comfortable with leaving my precious Jimmy Choos in his capable hands. He uses all these fancy machines, glues, and... laser beams... to ensure your shoes will come out stronger and possibly better looking than when you bought them. I've brought numerous pairs of shoes and a leather purse in, and was never disappointed at the outcome. One pair of shoes was a multiple offender (bottom sole kept coming unglued) and once Clarence worked his magic, those shoes never acted up again. Bottom Line: The price is right, the timing is quick, the quality is top notch- I can't find anything wrong with this place. Maybe the hours... tough to get in after work on a weekday.
<review# 1372,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2010,12/17/2010,129,127,,1,2>I used to live right around the corner from Arthur's, but I don't any more.I want to move back.Arthur's is known for their burgers, particularly "Burger Madness" which occurs on Sunday, Monday and Tuesday.  "Burger Madness" means you can get one of their delicious burgers with a myriad of toppings included for a low price.Even if you don't go for the Madness, their salads are great.  During my last visit, I tried the Sunshine Salad, which featured Spinach, Strawberries, Sunflower Seeds and goat cheese with Balsamic Vinaigrette dressing.  I don't much go for cheese, so I had them remove it, which they were happy to do.  This is a great option for vegetarians, but I wish I'd had some chicken.Their outdoor seating is one of my favorites in the city.The only drawback to Arthur's is that they have reduced much of their menu outside of the appetizers (Where are my Mini-Corn Dogs?!), salads and burgers.  Most of their selections fall into the sandwich or salad category.That being said, if you want one of those things, you can't find a better place to go.
<review# 1373,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/1/2010,12/16/2010,92,115,,3,2>Man, if I had a quarter for everytime I turned down an offer to go to The Comet. I would be a rich man. Alas, the only time I went here I was the DD (which is fine). So I could not drink. But their slection was amazing.The bartenders were nice and totally didnt think twice about 4 beer orders and then a order for cranberry juice. Which is the sign of a mature bartender. I know when I come back to Cincinnati, I will definatly need to visit again. Go if you like beer and good music. The jukebox was playing Johnny Cash when I was there!!
<review# 1374,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2010,12/15/2010,17,16,1,2,2>What a great group.  They have a lot of wines to choose from and the owners are knowledgeable.  If they don't have what you want, they will order it if they can.  Top notch in customer service.  They do a wine tasting every Friday from 5:30-8:30.  We always have fun and love trying different wines.
<review# 1375,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2010,12/14/2010,25,12,1,2,2>I've been to Green Papaya several times and they do overall a really good job.  Since there are many Thai places around the area, I tend to go to different places depending on what I want.  The particularly good menu items:  Green Papaya Roll, Thai Red CurryI've found better:  Most other sushi, crispy pad thai.Atmosphere is fine and service is pretty good.  Sometimes hard to find a parking spot.  We've had many get togethers here and it is a pretty good place for that, although not outstanding.
<review# 1376,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2010,12/13/2010,26,154,1,3,2>I ate here for lunch just before Thanksgiving with some coworkers.  Oh man, everything looked delicious and everything I ate was scrumptious.  The lunch prices were reasonable considering the quality of food; I don't mind paying a little extra to ensure I'll have a tasty meal.  People rave about the tomato & dill soup, and the cream of mushroom soup was nice and rich.  This is a nice local spot with a good feel and tasty food.  You're missing out if you've never been.Bottom Line:  I'll definitely be back.
<review# 1377,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2010,12/12/2010,23,104,2,2,2>i love good indian food and this place is excellent.  service was great too.  there is a lot of competition for indian food in clifton, but this place is at the top of my list along with Ambar.  The service is probably nicer here.  if you want to eat really cheap, split one of their big platters between 2 people and it only comes out to be about 7 bucks per person.  Dusmesh is great because it's BYOB.
<review# 1378,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2010,12/11/2010,74,33,2,2,2>Holy crap, delicious, authentic, Matsuya you rule.Not your typical americanized sushi restaurant, which may be a turn off if you only like cheeseburger rolls or something.Really fresh fish, delicious ginger dressing for the salad. Literally Japanese, not pretend. My Japanese teacher brought my class here and it is the only sushi he will eat!The seating is that of a traditional japanese restaurant, where you actually sit on the floor on tatami mats, have to remove your shoes before entering the dining area, etc. Truly a gem of NKY, who knew.Serve lots of different kinds of sake, hot and cold. go with a bunch of people, get drunk and have fun or whatever.Also for convenience is a Japanese market located directly next door! Has lots of amazing delicious things! From candy/miso paste bla bla. What I love is .. the friggin' amazing chocolate cookies shaped like mushrooms. They also had these cheese/almond cracker things that I have only seen outside of Japan like 2x at which point i buy like 650 of them. They are amazing, if you ever encounter them I would highly recommend buying several packages and eating them.
<review# 1379,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2010,12/10/2010,43,102,1,2,2>Ah,  Mae Woon Tofu Bokgum, how do I love thee? Quite well, in fact. This is the dish I crave. The tofu is perfection and the sauce is the perfect sweet, yet smoky combination. I'm sure I'd like other items on the menu, but I can't get over the deliciousness of this dish. It's probably a good thing, too, because they don't have too many other vegetarian dishes; however, I'm quite okay with that. The BF ordered some soupy dish with a beef rib. He liked it a lot.I wasn't sure what to expect from the interior based on the pretty basic exterior at the end of a strip mall. However, I was pleasantly surprised by the expansive interior and full-service bar.Service can be hit or miss, but the food more than makes up for it.
<review# 1380,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2010,12/9/2010,7,5,,8,1>Ok--I'm somebody that if I'm going to get my nails done it needs to be GOOD or I don't want to spend the money. I gave Ambiance a few tries because of the convenience of just walking-in and because the price wasn't bad (compared to full salon prices). After a few visits I found someone I REALLY like. Van is the person to see at Ambiance. She is a perfectionist. The first time she did my nails I looked and looked for a mistake in my cuticles, my polish, anything and I couldn't find one. I wouldn't recommend all the technicians at Ambiance but Van is consistently very good.
<review# 1381,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/1/2010,12/8/2010,69,35,,1,1>I'm from California and lived in San Diego to boot so maybe I'm a little picky about Mexican food. I would still not rate this place on par with a lot of the common taquerias I have had but for the greater Cincinnati area it is one of the best I've had.Their salsa actually tastes like it's made there and doesn't have the odd 'sweetness' that makes me suspect sugar has been added. The nachos could REALLY be improved by adding some of the common toppings you find on nachos like pico de gallo, beans, lettuce, sour cream. If you order carne asada nachos, you will get: tortilla chips, carne asada, and cheese - that's it.The platters are a much better deal and I would suggest getting a burrito. Everything comes with a cheese sauce though (which is OK if you're into that) and I would suggest telling them to put it on the side. It's the same stuff you get on your nachos so . . . you know, you could dip your chips in there and bam, you got nachos.Otherwise, a good deal, pretty good food. I rate a lot of Mexican places on their beans and rice and both are pretty tasty at this place.
<review# 1382,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2010,12/7/2010,16,42,1,3,1>If you're in Cincinnati and you 1) are awake on Sunday morning 2) have taste buds and 3) can spare $30, then you need to live it up and visit Orchids for brunch. You will be treated to the most spectacular array of brunch dishes that you can find in Cincy. Everything is immaculately prepared by experts and is likely to be among the finest examples that you have tasted. And the setting is amazing, opulent, even a little baroque. So treat yourself, have brunch at Orchids!
<review# 1383,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2010,12/6/2010,8,8,,5,2>I'm in love with Mai Thai's entire menu. Their sushi is always fresh, the staff is always friendly and every Thai noodle dish they cook up is perfectly flavored and seasoned. My favorite dish is the Pad See Ew, made with wide rice noodles, Thai special sauce, carrots, eggs, broccoli, and meat or tofu of your choice. Vegetarian friendly and a really fun place to eat.
<review# 1384,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2010,12/5/2010,6,15,2,2,2>MOTR, symbolic of the revival of Main St. in OTR. Park + Vine, FHK, Atomic Number 10, MOTR; a handful of budding young businesses that have reclaimed the section of Main St. between Central Parkway and Liberty St. Many other incredibly successful businesses existed there already but I have been privileged to find myself in massive amounts of new foot traffic on the block any given night of the week. Weekends are nothing short of magical as these businesses find wonderful ways to partner and host creative events drawing even the Hyde Parkers and far Eastern Cincinnatians to the scary, mysterious, place that is Over The Rhine. I initially did not feel strong about MOTR, it was avery "meh" type place to me. But the last handful of times I found myself there, it was quite enjoyable. **The service is solid, never more than a 2-3 minute bar wait even when the place is packed. Food typically takes less than 10 minutes from order to my table**The food is also a strong 7 or 8 out of 10. Being located in OTR, vegan options are obligatory, and the TLT (tofu-lettuce-tomato) is a decent little sandwich. Do yourself a favor and add avocado.**Beer selection is strong with some heavy hitters from both the "local region" and across the country's amazing craft beer scene. **They book local musicians every week and any place that lends a hand to burgeoning musicians gets my applause. **Location Location Location. I live a 3 minute walk away, its just too convenient not to go sometimes. So my advice, go to MOTR on a random week night, check out a local musician, perhaps catch a random beer tasting. Order a vegan sandwich or some veggie chili, and dispense copious smiles and hugs to all of the friends you will likely encounter there.
<review# 1385,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2010,12/4/2010,68,76,1,2,2>Do you wanna help some folks out and score some fabulous clothes? Shop 4th Street! I love this place. While, yes, its secondhand clothing, many of the items still have tags on them or have been very well cared for. And given that these are high end brands, they hold up well and look fantastic.You need to have some time if you decide to stop by. They have a lot crammed into a small space, but they do it well. Presentation is given a lot of thought considering their small budgets. The store seems clean and I always have fun browsing.The staff are amazing! Because of their friendliness and skill, you will certainly feel like you are in a "boutique". Some time ago, I needed a cocktail dress. The clerk looked me up and down and straight away led me to 3 or 4 options that fit me perfectly. She set up a dressing room and even helped me choose the best style. Really it was a wonderful experience. The fact that you walk out knowing that your money will help a woman in need only makes a pleasant experience more meaningful.I cannot recommend this store enough!
<review# 1386,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2010,12/3/2010,189,158,,3,2>This place is so great! Every time I go there, I wonder why I'm not there more often. It has such a great, chill vibe...it's like your favorite sweater (compared to, say, Starbucks, which is like your favorite power suit).Iris isn't a place where there is a massive line of people checking Blackberrys, waiting for their "triple-skinny-whatever-latte". This is a calm place with great coffees and teas, with people curled up in a corner reading, or working on their laptops, or meeting with friends. There is a nice area in the front with some upholstered furniture and tables, and some larger tables in the back, and a sweet little outdoor area tucked away in the back. Each time I go, I think--"This place is so PEACEFUL."I haven't tried the Aglamesis ice cream (I'm new to Cincy and haven't yet had the pleasure), but I heard it's great. And I haven't had any of the food, which I also understand is great (update review will come later once I've had those). What I HAVE had is great, personal, calm service, and no shouting, and no frenzy. The books everywhere (and used vinyl albums) are an added bonus. I also hear tell of a whole DVD rental catalog, so ask about that as well!
<review# 1387,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2010,12/2/2010,107,86,2,3,1>Excellent place! I highly recommend the tuna salad on a garlic bagel... oh don't forget the knish!! Busy, noisy, and downright good food. Sit at the bar and you'll get great service.John is a great guy who has his schtick down. If it's crowded, and you're at the back of the line, if John calls, "Who's next?" and you yell "I AM!" he will bring you to the front and serve you... which is a culture shock for the typical, quiet, conservative Cincinnatian prudes who could never imagine driving on the yellow lines, let alone hollering from the back of the line when it clearly isn't your turn. John rewards those who step to the plate!!
<review# 1388,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2010,12/1/2010,55,111,1,2,3>My visit was on their second weekend being open, but what a great find! Big props for the location, big props for the atmoshpere, and big props for the pianos. Must say the visit was made exceptional by Bartender Liz who made it a friendly place to enjoy the show. A happy face in happy place. Congrats!
<review# 1389,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2010,11/28/2010,60,98,,6,7>My friend who is the Cincinnati municipal liaison for NaNoWrimo (you know, that thing where crazy people write a 50,000 word novel in the 30 days of November) discovered this place while scouting out locations to host write-ins (gatherings of writers with laptops, being social and antisocial simultaneously as we pound more words into our keyboards and sometimes drink wonderful, glorious beer).First off, the beer selection is quite good. They have a wide variety of microbrews (this is where last year I first found DogFishHead's amazing Chicory Stout). They also have a fairly standard bar beer on tap (think Miller Lite). In fact, I was such a regular for awhile there on Thursday nights that they'd pretty much hand me a beer as I walked to the back room to work on my fiction project of the moment. The staff is very friendly and laid-back.They don't really have a kitchen on site, but they do have some delicious food on site in their small food prep area. Everything on the menu is fairly inexpensive as well, I should add. They do a margherita pizza that I absolutely love, and it used to be the one thing I ordered there, until I discovered their chicken salad croissant. I am not sure where they get the mustard they put on it, but I am thinking maybe it was manufactured in heaven, because it's that delicious. And finally, the coffee. They have a ton to choose from, and are far more delicious than, say, Starbucks, or any other chain coffee place. I am not sure what it is about the ambiance of this place, but I really love it, and have written oodles of blog entries, fiction pieces, and last year 18k of my NaNovel there. It may be a bit off the beaten path, but it is definitely worth a trip out of the way. In fact, it earned a nickname from me, as "The Little Coffee Bar That Could."
<review# 1390,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2010,11/27/2010,204,335,,7,2>Corner truly is as good as it gets.  If you are a writer this is the place to be.  Quiet, mountains of space and the best coffee in the greater Cincinnati area.  Yes, it is THAT good.  The food is home made with local, home grown fare including Snowville Creamery Milk.  The coffee is beyond good - and the staff is excessively knowledgeable.  The shop is a Christian nonprofit organization and they have two locations but they are not trying to convert anyone.  They also sport the best Chai Latte I've had yet in Cincinnati.  They are closed on Sunday and do have music on Friday and Saturday nights.I have BEGGED them to get a location downtown.  In the meantime, if you haven't been here you simply have not had the best coffee in Cincinnati.
<review# 1391,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/13/2010,11/24/2010,3,7,,4,2>I had a foodie friend in town for the weekend, so when we decided to try La Poste, I hoped she would be impressed. Luckily, we both loved what we ordered! The chicken fricasse was amazing, though I wish the portion of vegetables in a sauce that the chicken breast was served with had been larger. It was just that good. My friend got the braised lamp shank and she thought it was delicious, tender, moist, etc. I don't like lamb myself, but I trust her opinion on it, knowing how much she knows about food, nutrition, cooking, etc. Other thoughts: we didn't have a reservation and ended up having to watch the bar like hawks so that we could snag a couple chairs once they became available. If you want a table, reservations are a must, at least at this point, but the bartender was helpful and attentive during our meal. I was also expecting a larger wine list, especially since La Poste has "Wine Room" posted on its exterior.All in all, I would definitely suggest La Poste for a special dinner out.
<review# 1392,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2010,11/23/2010,18,9,1,2,2>The oldest continuously operational bar in Cincinnati offers the perfect combination of old-school ambiance and well-made comfort food.There are plenty of rave reviews on here already, but I'll add a few tips.Be sure to check out the reserve beer list--if it's not on your table when you sit down, ask for it. The regular beers on tap are all well and good, but you'll find some unusual items on the reserve list.Also, try the desserts--the tiramisu is outstanding, as is the rotating bread pudding. (The pudding doesn't rotate, although that would be nice--Arnold's changes the flavor every month or so, generally using whatever fruit is fresh.)
<review# 1393,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2010,11/22/2010,59,16,2,4,2>Twisted Sisters is a quaint little eclectic nook. I loved this place. From the soda shop chairs to the vintage soda machine. The food was AMAZING! Pretzel sandwiches are what we had. I am not joking when I say AMAZING! I have been raving about this place ever since we left. I also had a bowl of soup and it was fabulous as well. I am not sure if it was home made or not but if it wasn't I would be shocked. It was so good. The ladies working were so super sweet. I want to become a regular here.
<review# 1394,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2010,11/21/2010,29,38,4,11,2>This place is ridiculously good.  And cheap.  For only $9 (including the price of a 20 oz Diet Pepsi) I got enough saag paneer, naan and rice for two complete meals.  (Correction: Two ridiculously good complete meals.)Strange as it might sound, the part that impressed me the most about Deep India was how hot and fresh their food was.  Even though I drove five miles back to my house before digging in, my saag was almost slightly too warm to eat.  That's a welcome change of pace from many of the cold-before-it-reaches-your-plate Indian restaurants I've visited in greater Cincinnati.Deep India's seating is limited and their decor is virtually nonexistant, which is understandable as it caters to the students of the nearby University of Cincinnati.  In some ways, Deep India strikes me as the Five Guys Burgers and Fries of Indian food:  A somewhat plain and unassuming setting for incredible meals that shouldn't be missed by any true foodie.
<review# 1395,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2010,11/20/2010,1,32,2,3,2>The food is really good at Hahana Beach.  I've been 3 times now, and my favorite is the fish tacos.  The tacos are great, love that cilantro is served on them and that there is a fantastic mango dressing on the side.  And, the sweet potato fries have always been crispy and cooked perfectly.  I haven't had the burger yet, but we took out of town guests who said it's one of the best burgers they've ever had at a restaurant.I really enjoy the large garage door type "walls" that are open on nice days that can make this place feel almost all outdoors.  We played volleyball on one of our visits, and it was a lot of fun.  I hope they spend the money to keep the volleyball courts nice as I could already see them becoming a little beat up, and they've only been open for about 2 months.  I do agree with the other reviewers about the kid situation.  I was amazed at how many kids were running around with what seemed to be little or no parental concern (not the restaurant's fault, but still annoying to other guests).  I hope this doesn't become the place where parents go to drink while their kids run around entertaining themselves.  I am glad to see they now have a 21 and older policy after 10pm.  I hope this restaurant does well as I think it's a fun addition to the restaurant scene and one that offers a unique twist with the garage doors and sand volleyball courts.
<review# 1396,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2010,11/19/2010,80,51,2,2,3>Let's put aside airs for a moment and get down to the crux of why we all go to any given bar. Booze. Sweet, ever loving booze. One thing you can count on at Grammer's, you can get your drink on in spades, thanks to this Over-the-Rhine mainstay's assortment of beers, liquors and the sometimes elusive but always adored Four Loko. Grammer's is never, ever the same bar twice. Sometimes it's a raucous rave of bumping music and pulsating lights in the back yard bier garten/gravel pit. Other times it's a casual collection of hipsters and hip 30-somethings wading in baby pools and listening to Casey Coston play Cassette Tape DJ in the front parking lot. Whatever the case may be, you are sure to be amused, entertained and, dare I say delighted? Now, Grammer's is dirty. Dirty, dirty, dirty. There are times I hover in the bathroom, and occasions when I've been as familiar with the next guy's body odor as I was my own. That said, I love, love, love this place. Nick, Blaine and the other barkeeps will be quick with a pour, sometimes with a smile, and sometimes not. Don't take it personally - this place has a way of getting slammed.And if you see someone behind the bar with a mischievous smile on their face, you best run for the hills, because you are likely about to be Glitter Bombed. Grammer's gets some bonus points for being within dangerously close walking distance to my home.
<review# 1397,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2010,11/18/2010,54,45,2,3,2>I am pretty sure these tasty treats are not particularly good for growing cavities, but I JUST CANT HELP MYSELF!!!  Don't know what I am gaga-ing about?  The waffles, yes, waffles.  You quite possibly have never tasted something so decadently wonderful and yet so simple.  I admittedly snag one quickly on my weekly grocery trip to Findlay Market. If you have time to sit and snack though, I highly recommend spicing up your sweet new tid bit with berries and whip cream - or chocolate fudge or snagging some coffee gelato from Dojo down the hall, oh dear, I could gush forever!  These are amazing.  Waffles not your thing though (although, beware, these are no ordinary waffle), Taste of Belgium is now equipped with fresh homemade slices of pizza heaven and crepes made to order.  Around the bend are some more bundles of french sweetness - chocolates, eclairs, pastries - OH MY! Right at the center entrance of the main Findlay Market building, if the smell doesn't get you, then the waffle sample will!
<review# 1398,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2010,11/17/2010,0,5,2,4,3>It seems I blinked and 3+ hours had gone. First, the place just screams "we care".  There was art, paintings, and eye candy all over every inch. Second, I DID NOT have to trudge trough mile after mile off days-gone-by garbage to see cool music. Even if I already owed an album it was great to see that a place took real time & effort to stock their store with "the goods" let's call them. After having to bite the bullet on some MAJOR prices in other places around the country, Shake It was, yes believe it, reasonable! I knew I wouldn't be back around for months so I threw caution to the wind and just dropped the hammer going well into the 3 digit mark on "the goods". The staff was so helpful (finding an LP that wasn't on the floor yet for me, telling me if they had certain things used to save some dough) that I even bought a company t-shirt. To sum up: BLOWN AWAY.
<review# 1399,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2010,11/16/2010,8,23,3,5,4>King's Island is one of the best amusement parks/theme parks I have ever visited. The lines are never long, even during the summer. The children's area has been rated top in the country for the past decade or so. And the rides are top notch, giving competition to Cedar Point. Just recently I went to the Halloween Haunt which was insanely good. There were many "scary" attractions. Although none of them turned out to actually be scary (more of hillarious). The wide spread use of fog effects and lighting added to the experience.I highly recommend Kings Island to everyone!
<review# 1400,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2010,11/15/2010,19,76,3,2,2>Teak Thai stands as my favorite asian restaurant in Cincinnati. Now it just barely beats out Riverside, sure, but the atmosphere of this Mt. Adams establishment is one I just can't say enough good things about. If you're inside in the dining room, or on the beautiful and surprisingly large multi-level patio, it just doesn't get any better.And while it's true, I think the atmosphere of this restaurant truly carries it in my review, I still don't count the food out for the reason this place consistently delivers with quality. They offer award-winning sushi, they offer a wide menu of staples and more unique options, along with a full range of hot sauces (if you're into that kinda thing) and top it off with a full option of mixed drinks.On paper alone, Teak takes the cake.But -and this is so important- I've yet to have a bad experience. All times of year, at all times of the day and night have always lead me to delicious food, helpful and quality service, and top-notch overall restaurant experience.
<review# 1401,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2010,11/14/2010,26,17,3,7,5>We visited Chi-nnati's last week, and were pretty happy with our new Pizza find.  First off, we tried their Chicago dog which is authentic as it comes, and very tasty.  We ordered the deep dish Chicago style Meat Freak pizza which my wife and I both enjoyed.  It reminded us a lot of Giordanno's Pizza in Chicago.Our service was very good, and we will be coming back to Chi-natti's soon.  The parking lot is connected to Half Price Books which will definitely assure repeat visits.We took a piece of the White Chocolate/Chocolate mouse cake home, and it was amazing.If you want to try a good independent Pizza place close to the Kenwood Towne Center, you need to give Chi-nnati's a look.
<review# 1402,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2010,11/12/2010,201,516,,3,3>A friend of mine asked, "Do you like Ethiopian food?" I had no clue about anything regarding Ethiopian cuisine but because I have a very open mind with food, I said, "Let's find out!"I absolutely loved it!The rustic and simple food was great. The bread is really... interesting. It tastes just like sourdough (my favorite kind of bread) but has a spongey texture. It is perfect for grabbing the array of items you can get a la carte. We got a couple of vegetarian portions and one meat portion.I haven't been back since that one time (about 9 months ago) because, frankly, I don't have many friends in the area who enjoy new foods like I do. But, once I find someone to go with me, I'll be back!I highly recommend Emanu to anyone and everyone!
<review# 1403,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2010,11/11/2010,53,54,1,4,2>I have heard from SO many people that Cabana is a perfect place to happy hour it up during the summer. So, my curiousity got the best of me and last Friday, Tony C. and I decided to go. It is a bit of a hike for us coming from Hyde Park. But, the drive is beautiful along the river and it's pretty much a straight shot with minimal traffic lights. So, its a nice drive. When we got there the parking lot was packed- good sign. The band was setting up outside- good signAnd the bar facing the river looked like a tiki hut and had the Celtics game on- great sign. I was getting excited. I liked it already and I hadn't even ordered a drink yet. Because of the volume of people, and oh, there was plenty of people watching to be had, we had to wait. Birthday parties for little ones, an all ladies night out at another table and a huge table of people our age sipping on abnormally sized margaritas. (Hmmm, taking notes). Our wait was minimal and seemed to go by quickly with all the people watching, Celtics game and live music. We sat out on the deck facing the river. It was a gorgeous night and it being summer, we had to take advantage of the perfect, warm weather!The menu had something on it for everyone. The appetizers ranged from calamari to spinach and artichoke dip. We were so hungry by this point, we had to try one. The Spinach and Artichoke dip was our first order along with another round of drinks from the bar. As we waited we were thouroughly entertained. This is such a fun place. Tons of beachy feel, cabana music, resort feel. It was a great place to unwind from the week and start the weekend off on the right dancing foot. When the food arrived, it was served on plastic plates with plastic ware. It was all pretty good. I had the Asian Salad and Tony ordered the Chicken Sandwich. I would say with the quality of the food and the plastic ware, the food was a bit over-priced. But, the atmosphere was awesome, the live music was perfect and it was just too nice outside to care! I am defiinitely going to be bringing the group out to Cabana the next chance I get.
<review# 1404,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/30/2010,11/10/2010,68,151,1,2,2>Cumin is simply outstanding. The service is absolutely wonderful with attentive and knowledgeable waiters. From the moment you walk in the front door, you feel welcomed like family. As nice as that might be, it is the food that matters and you won't be disappointed. The meat on the lamb shanks slipped right of the bone, juicy and savory with every bite. The lobster pot pie had a delicate pastry crust and the body of the pie contained meaty pieces of lobster with various delicious root vegetables in a mouth-watering sauce. The appetizers were equally satisfying between the raisin bread pecan salad and the beer cheese broccoli soup. I am never disappointed when I visit this Hyde Park East treasure!
<review# 1405,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/31/2010,11/9/2010,40,13,4,5,5>FANTASTIC! and SUPER AUTHENTIC!I was greeted with a friendly "Irasshaimase!" by the Japanese hostess on a busy Friday night. The place was packed! They told us the wait would be approximately 25 minutes, but we were seated after 15. The customers were mainly Japanese businessmen, which is ALWAYS a good sign of authenticity. The hostess delighted us with a complimentary edamame appetizer for our wait. How considerate! We ordered saba, ikura nigiri sushi and three rolls.  The Salmon Skin, Futomaki, and the Super California rolls all knocked our socks off! It's amazing how authentic Japanese sushi chefs make such a difference!! The service was top notch, the decor was very pleasant.  I felt like I was back in Japan! Thank you so much for a wonderful experience. I am definitely going back! (Next time with my own cooler full of booze!)
<review# 1406,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/29/2010,11/8/2010,33,56,1,2,3>I was pretty excited when they opened this location at Rivercenter. We have a Starbucks nearby, but I love to see a more local option. I'm not much of a coffee drinker, but they make a great hot cocoa and today I noticed they have a frozen yogurt bar!
<review# 1407,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2010,11/7/2010,0,2,2,3,2>The food here is exquisite. It is all cooked to order, perfectly seasoned and beautiful. Annabel uses quality ingredients like real butter and seasonal fruit, something you will NOT find at First Watch. I've had the house special, daily omelet, and desserts and will be going back for more. My breakfast here has never cost more than a similar breakfast at a chain place.  So, for my money, Annabel's is one of Cincy's greatest brunch spots.
<review# 1408,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/1/2010,11/6/2010,91,79,2,2,2>The sweet potato fries are to die for, and the beer selection is phenomenal. I'm a fan of the $2 beer specials. The burgers are really good as well. I love the Gaucho burger- super garlicy and delicious! I always take friends here, and they love it. I've always had great service and had the manager come around a few times and say hello. It's always been really crowded when I've been there, but I never have to wait long.
<review# 1409,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/4/2010,11/5/2010,77,64,,4,2>When you come to Soho Sushi, it's best to throw your expectations out the window.  And I mean that in as positive a way as possible.  So, if you are expecting a fine dining experience and a bunch of glass dishes and low lighting, it's not happening.  And on the flip side, if you are expecting sushi you might find at your local grocery store pre-packaged and questionably fresh, it's not that either.What it is however is fresh sushi made right in front of you by American dudes who probably couldn't make it so well if not for the sushi machines they employ.  It's cafeteria style ordering and once they churn your order out of the machine, you sit down and munch.And despite what you might be thinking right now sushi snobs, it's pretty damn good.  Yeah, I got the spicy tuna roll and while I have had better, it was not bad, not bad at all.  The presentation was great, and everything seemed to be fresh.  And the kicker, it's a nice sized roll (8 pieces) for 6.50.  Yeah, that alone makes it attractive right?I enjoyed my first trip to Soho and promise to be back, maybe often.
<review# 1410,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/25/2010,11/4/2010,96,121,8,5,1>I came here looking to talk Michael Scott of Dunder Mifflin, and I noticed there was a bar inside. Well, when in Rome!The Office is very much a working mans dive bar. You won't find crazy young people yelling, dancing, or anything like that. Just a bunch of rough guys, wearing flannel, drinking away the worries of the day. If that's your kind of thing, you'll fit right in.The Office does have something going for it though. I got a Gin and Tonic, and the bartender was VERY generous with his pour. Maybe he was in a good mood. Maybe he liked my hat. Maybe his hand slipped? I'm not sure, but what I got was a GIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIN andtonic. And only $2.75! I could get used to that.They're in a fairly residential area, so you're probably not going to go there to party the night away. But if you want a stiff drink, and don't want to break the bank doing so, The Office has you covered.Just write it off to your expense account.
<review# 1411,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2010,11/3/2010,29,13,2,4,2>Where home cooked meal meets affordable price.This is your local neighborhood diner. You will find quick service with a smile and good solid food. Today, I had the stuffed green peppers. Reminded me of what my mom would have made. On a cool Fall day, this was just what I was looking for.The kids meals are great, too. The kids mac n' cheese came in a cute dinosaur bowl, which kept the food piping hot. Forget the crayons and paper...the food comes so quickly, you'll be putting the crayons away as soon as you get them out because your food will be served on the table that quickly.There is a party room in the back for larger parties and they also do sandwich trays, which are great for Football parties and any other holiday get together.
<review# 1412,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2010,11/2/2010,77,151,1,14,4>Oh Banh Mi, you've finally arrived in Cincinnati! The Vietnamese/French hybrid hoagie made with a baguette roll, meat (shrimp, pork, beef, pate, chicken, shrimp etc) and carrots, daikon, cilantro has been hard to come by round these parts, but finally, an authentic Vietnamese place that offers this amazing sandwich every day is here.I was fortunate to attend a friends and family party of Pho Lang Thang (they won't be open to the public till mid-november) and all I can say is that this is going to be a weekly stop for me. Everything is fresh, authentic and tastes amazing. Besides the Banh Mi, they also have Pho (duh, its in the name), Bun (vermicelli rice noodles), Cha Gio (spring rolls) and Com tam (broken rice). Im not even going to attempt to get all the accent marks right. Not only is all the food great, but the prices are super affordable, with nothing over $7! (that I can remember)The service was friendly and accommodating, offering suggestions of menu items if you weren't sure what to get.The space is one of the biggest in Findlay Market, taking up 2 storefronts, bright, and has a really cool custom built bar table. There will also be a giant wall mural of photos of Vietnam on the back wall, once its finished. No knock on ay other vietnamese places in town, but Pho Lang Thang just knocks everything out of the park completely. 5 stars.
<review# 1413,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2010,11/1/2010,14,38,1,3,3>This is a great little spot that caters nicely to vegans/vegetarians as well as their carnivorous friends. The falafel sandwiches and hummus are two of my faves...especially with extra hot sauce. They are now offering vegan desserts which makes me wildly happy!  Great food and friendly staff. :)
<review# 1414,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/24/2010,10/31/2010,211,416,,1,2>I'm completely smitten with the charm of this family-run deli in just one visit.  We went for dinner on a Friday night and the dine-in section was almost completely full and there was a constant line of customers at the take-out deli section.  Isn't this new kid popular.  I can see why, they offer a dizzying array of deli favorites.  Some housemade, some ordered in from NY and other locations like Detroit.The corned beef sandwich (I got mine Not So Stuffed for $1.50 less and it was more than plenty) on rye is so good, it hardly seems necessary to order anything else.  The rye bread is the right balance of soft, warm and chewy... enough to stand up to the generous portion of corned beef.  Mustard is on the table.  The latkes that come on the side were just alright, Mr. C declared the Decent Deli latkes as the Blue Ash winner.But there are plenty of other worthy menu items.  The chopped chicken liver (seriously real, made with schmaltz) was delicious and I will go back to get a take-out portion to eat at home on melba toasts... if I can find someone to eat chopped chicken liver with me.  Please?It's just nice to go to a place where the owners really care about providing great food and service.  One owner was making the rounds in the dining room and checking on the guests.  He was testing out some new recipes and checked how they were with the regulars.  I also made a post-dinner trip to the deli to check out the pastries.  The Russian Chocolate Babka wasn't so special, but the rugelach were great. The dining section is a little cramped... We were pretty much elbow to elbow with our table neighbors, but I didn't mind it.  It makes it easier to ogle at other people's food.  They may even throw a recommendation  your way.
<review# 1415,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2010,10/30/2010,113,79,4,2,2>I think the highest compliment I can give Dojo Gelato is that they think I'm stalking them. I can't help it, when they keep turning up at street festivals and events around town with their amazing gelato, I have to have some. Dojo is constantly mixing up new and adventurous flavors (try the maple and candied bacon Porkopolis if it's available) so it's always fun to see what they've whipped up. They've got a permanent place inside Findlay Market, but you can find the gelato cart at lots of farmers markets around town.
<review# 1416,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2010,10/29/2010,37,58,7,4,3>Huge fan of the duck fat frites.  And its pronounced 'freet.'  No 's' sound. Shut up, you faux yuppie/hipster sitting next to me with your parents.   I've had the same server twice, and she knows her stuff.  She is funny, prompt, and gets the job done.  The poutine was savory, filling, and altogether delicious.  They'll make you a fine Manhattan (they need some rye whiskey though).  My pal had the Elvis dog (flambéed bananas) and it was a hunk of not-too-burning love.  The interior decor is that modern minimalist chic or whatever, but the prices are pretty good for a hot date and even better for the quality of chow you are getting.  I know the general opinion of the legislature is low these days, but this upper branch is worthy of some commendation.  Good food.   Good drinks.  Good service.
<review# 1417,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2010,10/28/2010,139,64,2,3,3>This is a welcome addition to Findlay Market! They market themselves as an 'Urban Feed Store', bringing only regional ingredients to the local community.  This philosophy fits perfectly with the "buy local" image of Findlay Market, and why shouldn't the same apply to our pets?I wasn't in the store long on my first visit, but you can tell they've really taken the time to listen to pet owners and come up with food products that fit a variety of pets' diets.  The pricing is very reasonable.  They've got food for dogs and cats, as well as bulk bird seed.  In addition, there is a wide variety of treats and toys for sale.  And another great perk: they have a FREE delivery program available if you live in a 5-mile radius of Findlay Market!
<review# 1418,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2010,10/27/2010,8,67,,2,1>We loved the food and the atmosphere.  We had a late night dinner after a movie at the Esquire.  We arrived close to 9 PM.  The late arrival was a good thing as the restaurant was crowded and we probably would not have gotten a table earlier in the evening.  There were 4 of us and all were delighted with our food.  (sea scallop, NY strip, halibut, and pork.)
<review# 1419,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/30/2010,10/26/2010,94,404,3,2,3>For just about every person in the United States, the term "Mexican restaurant" signifies a specific experience in his or her mind--probably good food and drinks and festive atmosphere at a favorite local joint.  But for most U.S. cities and towns, and especially Cincinnati, a more specific acronym might be needed to describe a particular type of Mexican restaurant that is all too common:  YAAM, or "Yeah, Another Average Mexican."The YAAM is a serviceable, quick, inexpensive Mexican food stop with friendly and competent service and free-flowing alcohol.  The YAAM has a simple Spanish name that is meant to evoke the rustic Mexican (or Texican) backcountry ("Rio Grande," "El Potrillo," "Il Potro," and so on).  Food-wise, though, the YAAM is decidedly unexciting and is nothing to write home about.  And the main thing about these YAAMs is that you can barely tell any of them apart.  The relatively new El Jinete ("The Horseman"), on Red Bank Road next to the giant new Wal-Mart, encapsulates the YAAM concept:  Affable and efficient service by fellas who call you "amigo."  Free chips and not-so-fresh-tasting salsa, and rather gloppy and uninteresting but palatable casual Mexican/Tex-Mex standards.  (Although the sauce on El Jinete's chile rellenos is a little more complex and flavorful than the average for these places....)  Good deals on giant draft beers and margaritas.  Rather chintzy, cheap-looking, slapdash "rustic" decor, plus lots of TVs so that you don't have to engage your dining companions if you don't want to.  So, yeah, I wrote basically the same stuff about another YAAM, the sorta-nearby El Rancho Grande, because it's sorta the same restaurant as El Jinete.  I gave that one only two stars, but this one gets a round-up to three because the food is marginally better and the menu actually takes a couple of interesting turns.  For instance, they've got chorizo, carne asada, and pastor (with beef instead of pork) tacos served in flour tortillas, with a generous portion of pico de gallo and a nice reddish-orange, smoky salsa whose fire sneaks up on you.  As with many local YAAMs, lots of El Jinete coupons are out there.  With one, you and a companion can dine very inexpensively here.
<review# 1420,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2010,10/25/2010,58,439,,3,2>I've used this shop several times for vacuum and carpet cleaner repair as well as to pick up replacement parts (e.g. vacuum belts) and they have a very extensive selection and great service.They will give you a quote up front for labor on a repair and then if a part is needed in addition, will call with an exact amount before proceeding so you always know how much it will be in the end. The guys at the front desk are always very friendly and helpful. On my last trip in to pick up a carpet cleaner that had been repaired, I had to take a work phone call in the middle of the transaction and as I only had one hand free, the guy insisted on carrying the carpet cleaner out to my car, put it in the trunk, and even opened my car door for me! It's the little things.
<review# 1421,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2010,10/24/2010,27,98,,1,1>Great beer selection, nice decor. If you're a fan of the Righteous Room, you should be right at home. I believe the Lackman has more tap selections, though. If there is a game on or there's a special event in OTR, you might want to get there early. The bar isn't very large and seating is somewhat limited.
<review# 1422,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2010,10/23/2010,0,2,,1,1>Have never had a bad meal or bad service at Mitchell's!  The only place to sit is in a booth around the bar. Have the spinach salad, a cup or bowl of Lobster bisque and a great glass of wine.....the carrot cake is divine too!
<review# 1423,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/23/2010,10/22/2010,89,141,1,6,3>I just recently discovered this eatery and I can definitely say the biggest sell for me is the prices - the prices here are GREAT! I got a loaded burger, 3 toppings, for under $5 and they had a great special going on the night I went - .99 cent tacos! Decent portions, too.As far as the atmosphere, my friends and I were not that impressed - of course, we came well late into the night, so many of the patrons had gotten their drink on. We were lucky to snag a table outside - they do NOT have outdoor seating available after 10 p.m. per a law in KY we were told. However, we DID grab a table just outside the door that happened to qualify as "on their property", so we were able to escape the noise and enjoy the outdoors.We had a GREAT waitress - she was willing to chat it up with us a bit and was incredibly friendly! She took our orders wonderfully - we got our food exactly as we ordered it. However, the time it took to get the food was a bit lengthy - I'd ordered a taco and a burger, and for some reason my taco came out first and it took 15 more minutes to get the rest of the food (I was one of 3 in the group).Overall, I enjoyed the cafe - the food was delicious, they had a great selection of drinks, and I loved our server. The only thing that would keep me from returning is the bar-like atmosphere of loud people and blaring music that we encountered. It can get crazy noisy and the seating is not too comfortable. I might try this during the daytime at some point to see if there's a difference.
<review# 1424,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2010,10/21/2010,32,51,,5,1>Melt is THE restaurant for Cincinnati. Just about anyone could find something they'd like here unless all they eat is steak n potatoes (you know the type).  Now that I'm vegan, I eat here even more often because there are so many delicious options.  My favorite, which I tend to get every time despite all the options, is half-sies of the custom burger made with seitan, vegan cheezy sauce, vegan mayo & the vegan caeser salad with tofu strips. OMG BEST EVER! My husband gets the vegan coney often. It's a fake hot dog, vegan chili, spicy mustard, etc served open face.  It's a huge coney.  Try their Sunday brunch, lots of vegan options then too including biscuits & gravy.
<review# 1425,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2010,10/20/2010,7,77,,2,2>As someone who works downtown, I thought I'd been to just about every lunch spot in the area, so when my co-worker suggested going to Paula's for lunch one day, I was excited to try somewhere new.  My co-worker told me that we needed to arrive by 11:45 at the very latest if we didn't want to wait for a table, and she was absolutely right.  We got to Paula's at about 11:40, and we snagged the last available table.  The environment at Paula's is very much what you see in the movies when you picture a local diner... a long serving counter with barstools, and then some small tables along the wall.  The service is very prompt, taking drink orders as soon as you're seated.  We had a few minutes to browse the menu, which has a great selection of sandwiches, salads and pizzas.  There are also a few soups to choose from.  My co-worker ordered a half sandwich and the turkey chili, which is Paula's specialty, and I ordered Paula's Fave salad, which was phenomenal.  As we were chowing down, my co-worker pointed to a huge carrot cake on the counter, and mentioned that Paula's cakes are also a big hit with the customers.  I have a serious sweet tooth, so i ordered a slice. Absolutely heavenly.  I had every intention of eating only a few bites, but I just couldn't stop myself.  The cream cheese frosting was the perfect pairing with the moist and sweet cake.  I will definitely be going back the next time I want a delicious meal on my lunch break.
<review# 1426,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2010,10/19/2010,6,135,,2,1>Edit - sadly, they are no longer in business. Location, location, location - and timing. Too bad they couldn't have held out for Jungle Jim's to open.The food here is quite good, I've eaten here multiple times. The baked beans are nice and spicy, and strongly flavored with a not heat related  certain spice - maybe coriander? The pulled pork is great, the corn pudding is just awesome, it's definitely worth a trip.But there are a few problems that need to be addressed - they need to be more clear that the 1/2 rack of ribs are not baby back ribs. The picture with their on line menu  is definitely a picture of baby backs, but what I got, and what's pictured here from another user, are definitely not baby backs, they're spare ribs. I like 'em both, but spare ribs are sloppier, fattier, and chewier- a cheaper cut of meat really that some would argue is better for smoking. It's would be in their best interest to be up front about this. Also, they come out in this slippery plastic carryout box. That's cool in a way, because I couldn't finish even the half rack, but it was so slippery I almost spilled the whole thing in my lap every time I tried to get some meat out, as the table is uncovered wood. And they need to provide wet wipes with the ribs. But these are relatively minor complaints, certainly not enough to keep me away for more than a week or two at a time :)
<review# 1427,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2010,10/18/2010,22,62,2,3,2>My daughter and I went on a beautiful late Sunday morning, and had lunch sitting at a nice sized table on the sidewalk in front of the restaurant. The waitress was very pleasant, the service was good, and the service was comfortably paced. There were several reasonably priced breakfast specials noted on the chalk menu board just outside of the front door. The menu choices were good. Everything listed was available at lunch, including the entrees.I had the Southwest Burger with onion rings, and my daughter had the Crab cakes.  The food arrived in a reasonable period of time, and the plate presentation for both was very good to excellent (see attached photos). The burger was ordered medium rare, and that's exactly how it came. The meat was flavorful, well seasoned and juicy, and came atop a nice soft bun. Fresh lettuce and roma tomato slices came with the burger, as well as two long cut pickle slices and a healthy slice of slightly melted pepper jack cheese. The onion rings were outstanding, and appeared to be homemade. The burger and rings came with a side of ketchup, and a side of chipotle ranch sauce.My daughter really enjoyed her crab cakes. They were moist, nicely cooked, with a slightly dark crust ringing the cakes on one side. They had a nice crab flavor. No big chunks of crab like you would get in a lump-crab crab cake, but acceptable. The accompanying plated salad was OK, but it was nothing especially noteworthy. It came with two types of shredded cheese, roma tomato slices, and black olives. Something other than just flat leaf lettuce would have been nice for texture, though. The homemade honey mustard dressing was very nice. One of the better honey mustards I have tasted. Overall we had a nice experience at Cosmo's, but we did not go inside. Thus the interior ambiance is something I cannot comment on. Menu prices were on the better side of reasonable. Crab cakes were priced at about what one would expect. The burger, with the onion rings, was at what I considered to be a very good price. When we commented on how much we liked our meal, we were told by the waitress that with only one exception (I believe she said the Chicken Quesadilla Rolls), everything was made fresh there on the premises. I certainly would believe that looking at the burger, the crab cakes, dressings, etc. While Cosmo's is not a place you would likely go to impress someone on a first date, it is a great spot to go on a Sunday before a Bengals game, to sit and watch any game, or just to stop and have a reasonably priced meal and a beer. I was pleasantly surprised with the food, would recommend it to a friend, and will definitely go there again.
<review# 1428,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2010,10/17/2010,15,33,1,3,2>Honey is one of my favorite fine dining restaurants in Cincinnati.  The prices are moderate, but you pay for what you get.  They also have absolutely killer beer & wine pairing dinners here.  Keep an eye out for them and check one out if you get the opportunity as you won't be disappointed.One of my favorite things about Honey is that Shoshannah is always changing the menu around.  You'll always see new specials or seasonal features.  Obviously, no restaurant would completely satisfy me unless they had a good craft beer selection, which Honey does.  Just like the food, Shoshannah rotates beers with the season.  Watch out for the butter she makes with Great Divide's Hibernation Ale in the late fall and winter.  It is amazing.
<review# 1429,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2010,10/16/2010,4,7,1,6,2>Sun Garden has been our family spot to have lunch for several years. The service is personal because the restaurant is family owned and the whole family always seems to be there. Go there a few times and they already recognize you. You may do carry out or sit down in their quaint dining room. There is always tradition Chinese music playing to add ambiance. Every table has a table cloth. The server pours you water and offers you soup to start with. I recommend the wonton soup. the lunch specials are the best deals. With it you get the entree-a generous portion of your dish and rice, an egg roll or crab rangoon, and your choice of soup. The service is excellent. The food has generous portions, I always have extra to take home. Definitely worth a stop if you're in the area.
<review# 1430,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2010,10/15/2010,436,192,4,7,6>My first review Cincinnati'ans!!!! . . Nasti's . . . Cinners . . . Natty Lite's! . . . ........ whatever you guys (and I guess myself with the inclusionary rule) want to be called . . . I prefer to be known as a Nasti Cinner personally. I digress. I came to the Hair Art Studio needing some hair therapy, but I would have settled for hair art. I actually left not getting any hair nor art, but I received therapy, so I shall write a review! First, I do 2 things to my hair annually. These include: a) Brush it! . . .and . . .b) Get my hair treatment. My hair treatment is a Japanese Ionic/Thermal Restraightening treatment which is basically the granddaddy of the Brazilian Blowout (Keratin treatment) that is so popular these days. The thermal does not have formaldehyde (um, yes please!) and lasts longer. It's more expensive, but if you're into total cost of ownership/perfection like I am - the investment is worth it. (Sidebar: I've done both the Brazilian and the Japanese straightening. I remain loyal to Japanese.)Upon moving from Dallas to Cincinnati among other stressful events, my hair texture (in my opinion) has gone haywire(y) and I had neglected my new growth. On top of everything else, I started researching Japanese thermal in the area. My goal was to research prices and reputation. What I learned is that my research dwindled down to salons in the area that offered this service, period. Hair Art Studio was one of the very few places that actually offered this treatment in the area. (that I found).  The place looked very clean and inviting on the website. Bonus: Within walking distance from me. Perfecto! I met with Kat (the owner) for a complimentary consultation. During the consultation she was very helpful in evaluating the condition of my hair and actually - believe it or not - gave me free full size product to TRY to stretch the life of my current treatment so that I could perhaps ride it out for a few more months. I thought this was really cool that she was trying to give me a lower cost solution initially rather than take advantage of a poor damsel in distress. She then proceeded to recommend Dial Anti-bacterial soap for the blemishes on my face  (thank you, stress).  She also offers glycolic peels at the salon, so I can't wait to take advantage of that. Finally, she gave my hands a once over and recommended a nail tech within walking distance. She was like my Nasti Cinner Beauty Fairy Godmother. It was awesome!I will update the review when I go and actually get treatments - but for now - if her skills even remotely match her customer service, she is amazing!
<review# 1431,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2010,10/14/2010,149,113,,3,2>This has to be one of my favorite places to watch the sunset in Cincinnati in the stone pavilion. It's breath taking views of Cinci's rolling hills to west are the perfect spot for a romantic picnic, or just a relaxing evening of solitude. They were refinishing the love gazebo this summer, not sure if it is done yet, but it makes a great place to take a date for a low key afternoon. And if you like to sled this is definitely the spot for fun on snow days with it steep landscapes.
<review# 1432,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2010,10/13/2010,141,22,1,4,6>In a world of flashy, soulless megaplexes, the Esquire is a refreshing, soulful experience.  If it were a clothing joint, it'd be the quirky second hand shop that has the unique, killer goods and stands in happy (techni)color contrast to the Abercrombie and American Eagle stores.  They screen both mainstream films (just saw "the social network" there) as well as the more art-house variety.  That is, you can be just like everyone else and watch "Iron Man 2," but then also break the mold and go see "The Kids are Alright."  Nice to have the choice. You'll pay about the same for a movie here as in the larger theaters, but there are decent discounts if you're a student or locate the promos the theater often offers in Bearcash and other pubs.     The facility is clean and comfortable, the staff is friendly and competent.  Its marquee lights up Ludlow Ave in Clifton every night with its large bulbs and hand-placed movable type letters.  The smell of buttered popcorn greets you as you walk through the door, movie posters of upcoming films hang on the walls.  The Esquire is both familiar and distinct at the same time.
<review# 1433,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2010,10/12/2010,1,2,2,3,3>I go here for the margaritas, they are not huge but they sure pack a punch. I love the salsa and although the food is not really traditional Mexican, it is good. I can always go here and sure to leave happy and not because of one to many margaritas...never manage more than two and a half. The staff have always been nice and friendly and the owner, Swami, is very personable.
<review# 1434,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2010,10/11/2010,2,1,1,6,2>This is the BEST place ever. Timmy always knows what me and my boyfriend want. Best black and pepper chicken by far. I think I'm addicted honestly...these guys know what they're doing! Egg rolls are fantastic! And the crab rangoon is a must grab. So crispy and just the right amount of filling. I tell everyone about timmy wok. I always lived in milford and just moved to mason and still make the drive atleast 3 times a month. Support timmy!!
<review# 1435,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/2/2010,10/10/2010,32,24,2,2,3>I would give the pizza and salads (especially the greek dressing...Y.U.M.) - a Clermont County staple- a 5. I would give the service when I eat in at lunchtime a 3 (maybe even a 2.5). While the actual serving staff is pleasant enough, it takes FOREVER, drink refills are hard to come by and in general, it's really hard to make it happen within a lunch hour time frame.The service when I take the food to go is a 5, which is what my coworkers and I have resorted to (and is going much more smoothly than the eat-in option). So, I went with a 4. Make sense?.The owners are very passionate about their food and it shows. I've seen them, on more than one occasion, get fired up when an order isn't correct, there is a complaint, etc. However, part of my issue is that while I've seen their passion, nothing much regarding the service has changed.So, again, picking your food up is a really good option. Maybe a leisurely Friday night where I had plenty of time to spend might make me think differently about eating in, but for now, I'll call ahead and enjoy my food in my office.
<review# 1436,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/28/2010,10/9/2010,7,23,1,5,3>This restaurant is a hidden gem tucked away in a small strip mall with a Mexican grocery to it's side.  The food and service here is magnificent!  I've been coming here for years now, and recommended it to many Mexican food fans.The food tastes like grandmother is cooking in the kitchen, and the staff takes care of you as if you're a guest in their home.  The complimentary chips and salsa are above average... the chips are warm, toasty, and crisp while the salsa is always fresh, bright and a bit on the spicy side.  Perfect for me, but perhaps too hot if you're not a chile fan.  I will occasionally forgo the store-bought stuff and drop by the restaurant just to take home some of their fresh salsa.  Their guacamole is some of the best I've eaten too, and they make it fresh as well.I'm a bit of a creature of habit, so I tend to end up ordering the same thing each visit... Chimichanga with chicken, no sour cream... granted it's not the most authentic of mexican meals, but it is prepared deliciously here!  Another thing that I can't explain... I'm not much of a "bean fan", depending on the legume in question; however their refried beans are simply amazing!  I can't stand refried beans in general, however here I just about clean my plate each visit, (which is a feat with their large portion sizes previously mentioned in another review).The beans are complex and certainly not from a can or "caulking tube".  You even get some hints of dark chocolate (not sweet!), and roasted coffee flavor from them, as well as other complexities I can't put my finger on.  The spanish rice however is usually a bit dry and a bit bland.  I can't fault them too much on this though, since everything else is so good.The prices are modest, the portions big, and there's usually a good mix of people eating there... especially Mexicans.  That's always a good sign for me when going to an ethnic restaurant; do the ethnicities of the restaurant reflect the people eating there?  Here they do, so if it's good enough for them to be a "kitchen away from home", then it's a good sign that I'll enjoy the place.  Enjoy it I do!  Give it a try sometime, and I hope your experience is as good as mine are here.
<review# 1437,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2010,10/8/2010,30,68,,4,4>I am in love with Anthropologie!  I really am.  I love their headbands, rugs, shower curtains, aprons, purses, and last, but certainly not least, their CLOTHES!  Their clothes are unique, cute, and high quality.  I don't think I've ever worn something I've bought there without received a compliment on it.  Even in my home, I have gotten numerous compliments on my rug, shower curtain, and bedspread.  I love cooking/ baking, and their apron selection is top notch- think really super cute 50's house wife!  When you walk in, you can smell their signature Capri Blue "volcano" scented candle and are almost always greeted right away by an employee.  Their customer service is impeccable.  Something good to know:  if they do not have the size you need in the store, or you have found something on-line that they don't have in store, you can order it while you are there.  They will ship it to your house with no shipping fee, and if for some reason it doesn't fit or you don't like it, you can return it to the store instead of paying shipping back!  I ordered a rug I got there that way and saved a bunch on shipping!  Anthro can absolutely get pricey quickly if you don't pay attention.  Everything I've bought there is well made and totally worth it.  Their entire inventory seems to rotate quickly, so of course their sale rack does as well.  You can really get some good deals there!  If I made a lot more than I make now, I would probably buy the entire store out.  I guess I should share with the rest of you yelpers, eh?  FYI:  They are moving soon out of their Rookwood location to Kenwood.  Their new store will be right by Nordstrom.  I hope my wallet can handle their bigger store!  Oh boy!
<review# 1438,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/3/2010,10/7/2010,4,24,2,6,2>I am new to the area and finally had reached the point that I could not tolerate the ridiculousness of my hair.  So, I went in for a haircut.   Emily Vandervort was my stylist and she did an excellent job sculpting the pyramid of hair that I was sporting (supporting?) into something decent.  Initially, I didn't like my style--the Chrissie Hynde/Jane Fonda look is just not me.  I have this sort of curly hair and once I styled it myself, it looked like a mushroom mullet .  I called Avalon two days later for a "redo."  Emily fixed me right up, and didn't charge me for the fix.  I really appreciate it, because now I have a style that I really like.  I finally have my curly hair back!The staff at Avalon is very friendly and the location is great--plenty of parking.  The prices were reasonable (for me--I was used to paying $60 for a haircut) and you just can't beat the service.  Emily even does free bang trims!I highly recommend Avalon.  I will be heading back in a month or so.So--follow up.  I went back to Avalon in December for a cut before the holidays.  I booked with Emily again.  This time, my haircut was a disaster.  It was WAAAAY too short and despite my repeated pleading and reminders, I still walked out of there with the tapered mullet (this time it was more Hilary Clinton--but that is because at the end of the cut, I looked like Jane Fonda and so I asked her to get rid of the long tapered pieces).  But still--the next day the fringy pieces were back!  I was heading out of town the next day, so I couldn't go back for a redo.  I ended up cutting the offending mullety part myself.  My haircut made me look weird in all of the Christmas 2010 photos.  Needless to say, I haven't been back.
<review# 1439,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2010,10/6/2010,4,21,1,2,1>This store is great.  I don't even have kids and I come here at least every couple of months.  This place is great for finding that unique toy that will make you the coolest gift giver on earth.  The staff is fun and knowledgeable about the products.  They have a lot of the toys out for you to play with before you purchase.  The only down-side is that you cannot buy everything!
<review# 1440,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2010,10/5/2010,52,6,1,2,2>I've gone to a few different classes at this studio, and I'm always impressed with the quality of teachers.  I have a low back injury, and every teacher I've had has been great about making sure I can modify certain poses.Even though the studio is next to a hair salon and a restaurant, I've never been bothered by noise on either side (even when the restaurant was being redone).  It's always clean and inviting as well.But be forewarned, there is not someone at the studio full-time, so it's rare they will answer the phone.  Your best bet is to call 20 minutes before any class or about 10 minutes after one ends.  Eventually, I just showed up for a Fundamentals class and went from there.  The website is probably the best resource for getting answers to your questions, especially because it's updated regularly.I would definitely recommend Yoga Home!
<review# 1441,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/26/2010,10/4/2010,11,105,,7,3>My family has been eating at this restaurant since it began.  This place is one of the area's best kept secrets with fantastic food drawn from a menu that changes daily.  From the moment you walk in and see the horseshoe-shaped bar and antique wooden booths you'll feel like you've stepped into another era.  The unfortunate thing about the restaurant is its location - which kind of plays into that "lost in time" feeling.  It's on the south side of Middletown, Ohio, near the AK steel mill and in an older grittier part of town.  However, it's well worth the drive and a great place for a weekend discovery....you won't be disappointed.
<review# 1442,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2010,10/3/2010,35,78,2,4,3>Allow me to geek out for a moment. And allow me to offer this disclaimer: this review is no way colored by the fact that I'm currently employed by the AE firm of Record for this building, but hugely influence by my major and admittedly cliched ladycrush on the Design Architect, Zaha Hadid. Now, let us begin and be forewarned--Mama's going to wax poetic here.The Lois & Richard Rosenthal Center for Contemporary Art is my favorite building in the city of Cincinnati, and so far, in the world. A bold statement, I know. As a lover of modern architecture and contemporary art, it gives me a  singular sense of satisfaction to see both genres converge so perfectly in one perfectly planned urban space. Seemingly lowered down from some sort of perpendicular dimension with its initially jarring stacked cubic forms of steel and precast concrete, the facade may have seemed out of place at first among Cincinnati's stately old stone structures from centuries ago, but now it seems impossible to imagine it anywhere else--especially now with the recent Renaissance of design and architecture that has been developing across the city. It's one of those "signature works" that ate universally divisive: you are either completely enamored of it (like myself), or find it a little weird, a little out of place, and maybe a lot ugly.But the CAC is one of the few "Signature" art museums designed by a big-name architect where function actually supersedes form: in addition to being one of the most strikingly beautiful buildings in the world, it's also one of the most brilliant museums and community-engaged art facilities I've ever had the pleasure of experiencing. With no permanent collection, any array of artists--from MacArthur Genius grant recipient and found object installation artist Tara Donovan to agitpop culture muralist provacateur Shepard Fairey--can fill the towering walls and sweeping smooth floors with any kind of visual poetry they can dream up. Therein lies the odd dichotomy of the CAC--that this indelible building with its angles and lines and concrete offers such perfect space for the organic nature of art itself to flourish in all mediums.And then there is the strong focus on community the CAC offers, with movie nights and public displays of unabashed creativity such as Pecha Kucha presentations, family and the "Unmuseum" for kids on the top floor, guest speakers, and a super-fun gift shop showcasing local artists and quirky modern totschkes, the CAC seems like it should be somewhere more "cosmopolitan," somewhere more New York-y, but I'm so very pleased that it's not. To me, the CAC seems to be a harbinger of the city that Cincinnati is going to be in the future, the kind of cool captain-of-industry yet creative Midwestern riverbend oasis that smaller cities like Louisville may claim to be, but that the Queen City actually has the architecture, the artistic sensibilities, the style and the flair to back it up. Ushering in a new era in architectural innovation in the city and fostering the city's creative spirit and cultural communication is something every museum should do--and all of them should do it so well and and so stunningly from every angle as the Contemporary Art Center.
<review# 1443,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/26/2010,10/2/2010,43,23,1,3,2>If you're looking for somewhere different to go for brunch on weekends, Keystone is a great place to go.They have breakfast and lunch items to choose from, and an entire Bloody Mary and Mimosa menu to accompany whatever you get.Personal faves are the Graham Cracker-Crusted French Toast w/ homemade whipped cream flavored with Grand Marnier, and the Hangover Burrito.Service is always above average.  They definitely never let your beverages go empty.
<review# 1444,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/26/2010,10/1/2010,21,13,2,3,1>This as far as i know is the only karting ring in the greater Cincinnati. So being a motor head, and a karting enthusiast i had to check it out. I have to be honest, i'm not the biggest fan of indoor karting, especially on that cement. It's better than nothing i guess (that's why it has 4 stars) They do time you, which is cool because I can take my time and refine my lines accordingly, sadly the staff has no clue to what the track line should be.. seriously!?Oh and it'll get boring after a while, they only offer 9hp karts no upgrade system in place where if you have enough hours you could get a faster kart (not that they have any) The only reason I still go there is to try to beat the record, or at least get close.. i'm still a full 2 seconds over :( (checked the staff times, terrible)
<review# 1445,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2010,9/30/2010,133,190,1,3,6>The Cincinnati Rollergirls give one of the best deals on your entertainment in this are.The team is amazing, they give you an amazing fan friendly experience.  You can meet all the girl and have autographs signed for you and the kids after every single game for as long as you want.They're amazing in the community.  They're all amazing people.  I know them all personally, and you can't ask for a better group of people.From the actual rollergirls, to the refs, to the coaches, to the stats keepers, to the team doctors, to the sweet sweet team DJ and let's not forget the AMAZING play by play announcers...you can't ask for a better group of people.It's a great bargain. It's a great atmosphere...(Not to mention an amazing mascot ;)-  Go to the next Cincinnati Rollergirls bout at the Gardens...you'll go in knowing nothing about roller derby, you'll leave a fan for life.  Trust me....I'm not only a reviewer, I'm also a convert!
<review# 1446,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2010,9/29/2010,12,35,1,2,2>As a Chicago Vietnamese food spoiled snob, I think this restaurant is pretty awesome.  It lacks creature comforts but the food and service is outstanding.  Not the restaurant if you have a large group (even a party of 4 is too many) but the restaurant's Pho is fantastic and the appetizers are wonderful.
<review# 1447,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2010,9/28/2010,72,56,2,4,4>Love the open air atmosphere of this place!  The way that the deck where we were sitting outside the main bar area rocks a little bit due to the wake of passing boats.  It is so reminiscent of what I miss about coastal Florida bars.Be prepared, they don't take credit credit or debit cards (but there is an ATM on site) and don't expect the latest in micro-brew beers, there are no taps; beers come in a bottle or can.Bar food options are available, I understand that the Grouper sandwich and the hamburgers are solid choices if not 5-star quality.  The name is more tongue in cheek than pretentious; this place does not pretend to be something it is not.  It is a top level "dive bar" and for me, it was love at first sight.  I will most definitely be back, again and again.
<review# 1448,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2010,9/27/2010,84,41,2,2,1>Kentucky is full of wonderful things, but one of the best is the spectacular view of Cincinnati that you can get from places like Devou Park. The fact that this is a public park (read: not someone's house, or a fancy restaurant) makes it even more awesome. If you ever want to revel in the magnificence that is our fair city, head to Devou for a panoramic spectacle. Oh, and it's a nice place for a wedding too. If you're into that sort of thing.
<review# 1449,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2010,9/26/2010,4,12,,3,2>Locavors take note...Local, Organic and Fresh Caterer. Green Eats is a local and independent catering and personal chef company serving the Greater Cincinnati area. They focus on your desire to eat locally, seasonably and sustainably. Green Eats creates delectable meals using the freshest ingredients possible from farmer's markets and local producers. Offering Vegetarian and Organic meals and much more...
<review# 1450,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/20/2010,9/25/2010,52,128,,3,2>When I heard NorthSlice was opening, we put up a post spreading the word.  Northside shines on Independence Day weekend, and that's when NorthSlice opened up.  So far, they've been rocking the pizza window - no dining room just yet.  We've had a chance to stop by for a few slices, and recently ordered a full pie.  This pizza is worth driving across town for, but thankfully, we live right around the corner!The Food:  The only thing we've had (the only thing they make thus far, I think), is pizza.  Our classic order is pepperoni and green olives, and this time we got one half with cheese.  What stands out about this pizza stands out right away - the freshness and flavor of the ingredients really pop.  We were told before that they don't cook the sauce, and the tomatoes are a bit tangy and sweet, very good.  They go pretty light on the cheese and ingredients, which also leads to the sauce standing out.  Plenty of fresh herbs on top of the pizza add to toppings we chose.  Just as we'd been expecting, the crust is not too thick, not too thin.  But because that crust is doused in herbs and salt and crunchy cornmeal, it has a nice crunch (especially around the edges) and a great taste.  Overall, it comes together quite nicely.The Ingredients:  When we spoke with Mike, the owner, initially, he talked about buying local ingredients, doing his own herb garden, and more.  I'm not sure how that's panned out so far.  Next time I see him I'll try to get some more info on how the sourcing is going.The Story, Setting, & Service:  Read all about the story of NorthSlice in our original post.  We're excited that they appear to have gotten off to a good start, and are hopeful for more over time.  As I mentioned above, it's only a pizza window right now, but you can peek in at the graffiti walls and see the hip logo and know it'll be a cool hang out some time soon.  The owner is a really nice guy who has been a fixture in Northside for many, many years, and I've had nothing but smiles and kindness from the other folks I've encountered so far.The Last Bite:  This is definitely the best pizza in Northside.  It's true that it is more expensive than NYPD, but the quality is simply far better.  Whether you're stopping by for a quick slice mid-day or late-night, or ordering a whole pizza for dinner, you won't be disappointed by the fresh flavors at NorthSlice.  For convenience plus taste, this has clearly moved into our number one ranking for pizza in Cincinnati.  Check the menu in the slideshow below.
<review# 1451,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2010,9/24/2010,181,524,2,5,2>Fresh ingredients, fun combos, great salads (LOVE the candied walnut and grape)- this is my favorite pizza place in the 'Nati.  I've never been disappointed by a trip to Dewey's.  The pizzas are so satisfying and you can order half and half to try more topping combinations.   I think my favorites are the Green Lantern, the Edgar Allen Poe, and Socrates' Revenge.  But they're all good.  Dewey's is just a straight up good pizza place.
<review# 1452,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2010,9/23/2010,235,393,4,7,4>I recently had my wisdom teeth removed by Dr. J. David Morrison, DMD who is one of three surgeons at this office.I was recommended to this place by a friend of a friend on Facebook and am now SO happy that I found them. I had one wisdom tooth, of several impacted teeth, that was dangerously close to the nerve in the jaw and Dr. Morrison is a specialist with these sorts of problems.The office is clean, friendly, and comfortable. Dr. Morrison is very kind and funny and really made me feel comfortable about the whole situation. The day of the surgery - I didn't even know when they knocked me out. They put an IV in my arm, I was carrying on a conversation with them, they put an oxygen mask over my face, and poof - that's the last thing I remember. Post surgery, I hardly had any swelling and the meds they gave me just knocked me out for the rest of the day. The healing process was easy and i was never uncomfortable. I would recommend them to anyone who wants an eezy, breezy, beautiful wisdom teeth surgery.
<review# 1453,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2010,9/22/2010,175,12,,6,3>We went to palanchos during a mission trip In Frakes and we were very pleased with the restaurant. We brought 14 teeenagers and they accomodated us very well. Their portions were large and tasty!!  Prices were very reasonable.  The atmosphere is very authentic feeling. Nicely carved tables and chairs with Mexican flavor. May not be back here soon, but would recommend it!
<review# 1454,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2010,9/21/2010,101,484,3,7,3>Had a great experience with this company a few weekends ago. Chose the middle-range trip, which was running faster than usual, according to the company staff, due to the flow of the river. Everything was efficiently handled and explained fully. The mini-bus took us up the river to our drop in point and that let us arrive at the end where we were parked, conveniently located across from a bar/ballfield. Mostly the trip was casual-paddling (forgive my lack of technical terms), but occasionally we ran into more rapid waters that required more strategy. Beautiful home views as you get closer to the drop-off point.
<review# 1455,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2010,9/20/2010,18,9,,2,2>In my opinion Pompilio's is hands down,  the best Italian place in NKY. Don't come expecting a pizza or a meatball sub, the menu here is top notch. Try the calamari alfredo, it's a classic. It's really busy on weekends so, come early. The best time to go is during the week because there isn't an extreme wait. However, if you do have to wait, stick it out you won't be dissappointed. Plus they filmed the toothpick scene from Rainman there! If you like Dustin Hoffman and great Italian food Pompilio's is your place!
<review# 1456,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2010,9/19/2010,46,37,,2,3>Northside has plenty of 'wild' parks hemming its gown in nearly every direction, but located as its heart is an urban park, Jacob Hoffner Park.And park is almost a misnomer. Its small size, manicured lawn with few trees, and central location to the Northside business district evoke a pint-sized Boston Commons much more so than a similarly shrunken Golden Gate or Central Park.This commons theme is taken up regularly by the successful Northside Farmers Market on Wednesday evenings and the popular annual Rock & Roll Carnival. Outside of those special occasions, the park is regularly but sparsely occupied by all types of people from rich to poor.The lawn is large enough for some modest frisbee or catch, and children (and bored hipsters) commonly occupy the small playground.The biggest change that I would like to see is to have it be even more full of people, all the time. Unfortunately this won't happen until its' dead bordering streets (basically all of them except Hamilton), are filled with places to live and work that produce a consistent pedestrian presence.So I guess what i'm saying is that if you're a business owner, why don't you come and set up shop next to Jacob Hoffner Park?heretoforth known as, the Northside Commons.
<review# 1457,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2010,9/18/2010,36,168,,2,1>THE coffeehouse for Miami students . Look closely and you'll spot a professor or three. Prices decent. Usual selection of coffee drinks. The quality is ok.  It's not mind-blowingly great coffee, but it's also not bad.  I don't recall getting a cup of coffee there and thinking, YUCK.   Staff are students or recently graduated students. Free Wireless - it brings the kids to the yard. Nearly impossible to feet a table during exam week
<review# 1458,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2010,9/17/2010,17,43,2,14,5>No reviews???  I can't believe that...this place is phenomenal.  I brought my cat to All Creatures Animal Hospital, and my cat was downright traumatized.  The lobby was huge and loud and echo-y, and the place wasn't cat friendly.  I mean, what cat wants some strange dog walking up and sniffing at their carrier when they're already freaked out about going to the vet???  The people at the desk didn't seem to give a crap about my cat.  They weren't nice, at all. Not a good experience.House Vets was amazing.  The place was cozy and warm and friendly...I felt so good about leaving my baby there for a dental cleaning.  Everyone was kind and I could tell that they really cared about my cat.  I will bring my cats here without hesitation as long as I live in this area, and will tell anyone and everyone about how great they were. :)
<review# 1459,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2010,9/16/2010,0,7,1,2,3>My mom a friend and myself stayed 3 days at the Hotel & Casino.  What a great place as far as classiness.   Very clean and nice.  Sorry for the guy below that just said the place has bed bugs.  He must be angry and trying to scare people away.  VERY CLEAN AND NICE.  These are the most comfortable beds I have ever slept on.  People at the Hotel were very friendly.  Now to the casino.................it is HUGE.  We loved playing the slots.  They went to bonuses often but didn't pay real high.  But we had a blast.  The only negative was how the people treated us.  Just not a very friendly place.  However, it is clean and does not smell like heavy smoke.  We had a great time and we will be back again:)
<review# 1460,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2010,9/15/2010,143,423,1,4,3>Though I admit that I'm not much of a coffee drinker, I'm always looking for new places with wi-fi where I can spend some time getting my work down away from home. Altiora is the perfect place. Clean, unassuming, with a friendly staff, convenient location, and fast internet connection, this little coffee shop is sure to become a fixture for me. It sits in a new retail center next to Boone County High School, and is open seven days a week. I ordered a tall Sisco Kid, which is a frothy frozen beverage made with white chocolate, carmel, and Oreos topped with whip cream. Definitely not for the calorie-phobic, but I tried to make up for it by ordering a healthy lunch. I got a pick-two that was comprised of half a Gardener Panini (pesto, provolone, cucumber, tomato, pickle, and lettuce) and a house salad (organic spring mix, goat cheese, almond slivers, and dried cranberries) with house-made poppy-seed dressing. Yum! I was very pleased with everything that I ordered. I also saw that they sell gelato, but I was too stuffed to partake. Maybe next time!
<review# 1461,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2010,9/14/2010,44,215,2,3,3>Omigosh, how have I not reviewed Yagoot yet?! I ADORE this stuff. I even use "goot" as a verb in my daily vocabulary. (Ex. "Who wants to goot today?") Yeah, I'm pretty much addicted. My coworkers and I drive over to Rookwood to goot after lunch pretty much once a week, enjoying our dessert on the stone benches outside.I love the simplicity -- 3 sizes, 3 flavors (1 of which rotates monthly) and then lots of toppings -- and the fun, fresh interior. I usually get plain (which is a little tart, not sweet) swirled with the fruity flavor of the month, plus chocolate chips. The smalls are surprisingly filling; mediums usually last me a couple days (I store them in the freezer at work). For just $3 or $4, I think this is a great value.Interesting note: the plain flavor is very reminiscent of these yogurt drinks that me and my Chinese friends used to drink as kids. So Asians, you may be more familiar and accustomed to the flavor.
<review# 1462,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2010,9/13/2010,9,18,1,2,4>I wanted borscht. Badly. So Caroline C. was kind enough to recommend Mirage on the yelp board ... and I am SO glad she did! For today's takeout order I went with the borscht and a gyro with rice. YUMMY! The borscht was piping hot when I got back to work to eat, so I had to wait. Bummer. I started on my gyro and rice ... and wow, that's good stuff! I still have half of that left to enjoy later, and I always love having leftovers. The borscht definitely satisfied. It was a decent sized container and I ate allll of it. MMMM!It's close enough to where I work that I'll definitely get takeout for lunch a few times a month. There are so many things on the menu that I want to try, and the lady who works there was so sweet and wonderful! I also think it would be nice to try for dinner. It's a small place, but it's decorated attractively and has a nice atmosphere. Definitely recommend this place.
<review# 1463,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2010,9/12/2010,59,60,1,3,4>Findlay Market is one of Cincinnati's greatest treasures.  Located in historic Over-the-Rhine, it's a one-stop shop for food, drinks, pet supplies and more.   On Saturday and Sunday mornings, the hustle and bustle of shoppers is both hectic and wonderful.  It's amazing to see how many types of people shop here-it's a real cross section of Cincinnati.  Weekends here feel like a community event, and it is an experience that you just can't capture at a big box grocery store.  There are free parking lots, and plenty of street and metered parking.  It's easy to find a spot that's just a short walk, and that's good when you're loaded down with your bags.  I generally end up parking on the street nearby, and have never had a problem with the walk.  My car is always fine when I return, whether I'm in a lot or on the street.The neighborhood of Over-the-Rhine, which surrounds Findlay Market, is a wonderful backdrop.  Yes, it's still up and coming-but it's come a long way already.  I have not personally ever had a problem, or felt unsafe, when shopping at Findlay.  There's a visible police presence, there are plenty of people, and it's a place that certainly deserves our support and patronage.  There are too many wonderful vendors to list, all worthy of their own review.  Just know that you can get almost anything you could want here, and it will be delicious!  If I lived a bit closer, I would definitely do nearly all of my grocery shopping here.What are you waiting for?!  Head over to Findlay!  Meet new people, bring your family, and support a wonderful part of our community.  It's really an amazing place, a wonderful experience, and something that just can't be missed.
<review# 1464,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/5/2010,9/11/2010,115,118,,5,2>Central House Diner is a great place to pop in and get the classics and comfort food.  The first time we ate there, I was brave and ordered the crab cakes after our server mentioned that they made them there. They were very well done with plenty of crab.  The food leans toward sports bar type food. The burgers and other sandwiches are very good and the southern fried chicken salad was tasty.  We haven't tried the pizza yet, but plan to some time soon since they have a pick up window on the side of their building.  The decor is very local high school sports themed as well as some railroad related items.  The beer selection is rather pedestrian with the most exotic beer on draft being Sam Adams Boston Lager.  Hopefully, they will work on that.
<review# 1465,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/6/2010,9/10/2010,26,38,,1,2>I've been going to Findlay Market a lot this summer- something I have been trying to do for a while! I have to admit that I bribe myself with crepes from Taste of Belgium because I do like a good sleep in on the weekend. Anyway, this Saturday my mom and I were on a mission for some bread and zucchini- and I had my heart set on a crepe. It was totally worth the early wake up and the parking lot traffic jam! I got the original crepe (with ham and gruyere cheese). It was delicious! The outside was crunchy from the egg and the middle was melted just perfectly! It was the perfect morning to sit outside, people watch and enjoy some delicious breakfast!  It also helps that they are always friendly and quick with your order even though there is always a line. (we got some waffles to go for my dad and he was a happy camper Sunday morning!)
<review# 1466,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/6/2010,9/9/2010,103,257,1,2,2>Our usual Chinese place was closed for Labor Day, so we tried out Shanghai Gardens for the first time.  They actually have a website (shanghaigardensunion.com), which is a step up from most other Chinese restaurants.  There was a coupon for 2 combo entrees for $10.99.  Good deal.  We got sweet & sour chicken, bourbon chicken, and wontons.  The entrees were pretty good, the wontons just ok.  I called in my order so I didn't know there was a Pad Thai special until I picked up my food at the restaurant.  I definitely would've tried it if I knew beforehand.  Pros:- Open Labor Day- Multiple coupons on website- Bowl of mints at the counter- Takeout comes in those Tupperware-type reusable white plastic containersCons:- No potstickers on the menu (my favorite at our usual place)- Stale fortune cookies
<review# 1467,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2010,9/8/2010,174,628,,7,5>I just attended the first event this season for New Works. It is a great idea, and a fun, behind the scenes experience. And who can beat the price? (FREE!!)One week before the official opening of each new Cincinnati Ballet show, they open up a few spots in their practice studio for guests to watch them rehearse. It's a great way to preview the coming show, while sitting only a few feet away from the stars. The seating is assigned, so get your tickets together with the people you want to sit with. Try to get there a little early as well because the parking lot has limited space available. The main part of the rehearsal is about an hour long, then you can continue watching or file out for free pizza and water, wine, or beer. It's a very social setting, so this is your time to mingle and start up conversations with the people involved as well as the people attending.Here's a rundown on the skinny of the event:Watch rehearsal in the studio with Cincinnati Ballet Company dancers and choreographers.Enjoy delicious pizza provided by LaRosa's. Sip beer provided by Arnold's Bar & Grill and wine provided by Ludlow Wines.Meet Cincinnati Ballet dancers and staff. Go behind the scenes. SocializeTime: Rehearsal begins promptly at 5:15 p.m, Reception begins at 6:15 p.m.Reservations are required."Please note that all seating is assigned and that Cincinnati Ballet reserves the right to redistribute your tickets if you have not checked in by 5:10pm. Handicapped accessible seating is available in limited amounts; should you require handicapped accessible seating, please notify the ticket representative when making your reservations."The way the access to this event breaks down is as follows:Seating is limited.If you have a subscription package or are a donor to Cincinnati Ballet, you will be given first shot at the available seating. A few days later, reservations will be opened to all those who hold a ticket for the individual performance. For every ticket purchased, you will get 2 reservation spots to Ballet & Beer. If this does not fill the event space to capacity, it will be opened up to the general public at a later date.These events can easily be booked to capacity  quickly, so be sure to keep on top of the reservation deadlines.If it sells out, don't fret. You can call the day of to see if there are any early cancellations. Additionally, you can show up and at 5:10, tickets that have not been claimed may be redistributed. Also, if they do fill the seating, they may be so inclined as to allow some people to enter and stand in the aisles.Arnold's is also running specials for Ballet & Beer which allows you to bring in your ticket stub in exchange for a buy one, get one free entree after the show. When the show officially begins, Arnold's will offer a special $40 price which allows you to get dinner before the show, see the show, and then return to Arnold's for dessert after. These are limited though, so you want to reserve in advance in possible.This is a fun way to support the arts, get a feel for what goes into a production, get a sneak peek of the show, and socialize with fellow patrons.
<review# 1468,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/3/2010,9/7/2010,201,516,3,2,2>Upon first glance, you'd swear The Mad Hatter must just be a strangely-named strip club - neon lights, tinted glass, small parking lot, and nestled next to a fried chicken restaurant. Walking in, you'll see... more neon lights and strange stenciled pop art on the walls... but other than that, it is just like any other small music venue. It has a full bar, high tables, a small stage, and open space for dancing or viewing the band up-close.I've been to the Mad Hatter for a handful of concerts and have never been disappointed. It is truly and odd-looking place, but I love it! It continues to be my favorite music venue in NKY and one of my favorites in the entire Cincinnati area.
<review# 1469,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2010,9/6/2010,92,115,1,8,1>How much do I love Yelp? Well I was checking it while I was getting a tattoo. As of this writing, I have three tattoos. Two on each calf and one my ankle. All of them original and all of them done by the same artist. And that is what is important about getting tattoos. Once you have found an artist that you like, you must stick with him/her. Only because this is a tattoo. It is not going anywhere. Think about what your getting. Think really hard. Do you want this on your body forever. If the answer is yes. Then you can get a tattoo. - NBC's "More You Know" theme and star play- Okay, so with that PSA over. I can actually review this place. Dana's (both locations) is one of the cleanest, most professional tattoo shops I have been too. And that is super important when getting ink. There is no flare. This is your back to basics tattoo parlor. Mostly it would suck as a reality show on TLC (looking at you Kat Von D)...but as your best chance for good ink then it is the only choice in the Queen City. Though I am moving away from Cincinnati soon. This will be the only place in the city that I will get work done. Period. (also for the price range, there is no set cost. One tattoo cost me 60 and the other two cost me 230 and 300, which talking to my more heavily tattooed friends is a steal for good work)(also pay in cash, you can pay in credit but the artists prefer cash)
<review# 1470,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2010,9/5/2010,25,80,,1,2>This summer I have had a love affair with parks all over the city. Eden park is one of my favorites. I am not going to talk about the establishments inside of the park, like Krohn or the Art museum, because those deserve a whole separate review. But as just a park, this one is probably my favorite in the city. First there is the fountain in mirror lake. It isn't a spectacular fountain, but it still nice to just go sit by the fountain and read a book. I wish the could find a way to not let the pond get so scumy, but it is all a part of nature. There are two great places to look out at the river, where you can sit, listen to music and contemplate things. The first is past the Krohn, on Lake Drive. There are two nice little ponds here and a great overlook. Interesting tidbit, the dog statue, the gift from Rome, was a gift from Mussolini at least that is the word on the street. Then if you walk up the interesting looking stairs on your way back to Krohn, you can find a whole second overlook off of Cliff Drive! I love having a panoramic view when I am trying to gain perspective. Want to have a nice view of Mt. Adams? Head down cliff drive until you see the old wall. Standing on top of it you can get a great view of Mt. Adams and of mirror lake in the other direction. The Seasongood pavilion has all sorts of interesting events, like Jazz concerts and Cincinnati Shakespeare putting on shows, but it is also a great place to enjoy shade trees and get up on stage and pretend you are famous...not that I have ever done that...anyway....I love this park!
<review# 1471,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2010,9/4/2010,17,11,,1,1>Great value for lunch. I will be adding Mayberry into my lunch rotation. The food was very good but also a great value. I had the pork lion with potatoes, apples, mashed potatoes and greens for just $8. The presentation matched the quality of the food. Everyone I was with commented on the plates and the great atmosphere inside Mayberrys. Next time you are downtown stop in for lunch.  The only downside is the very limited seating.
<review# 1472,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2010,9/3/2010,53,54,1,3,3>Today is such a beautiful day! So, when Tony said, "wanna meet for lunch?" Yes was my obvious answer and sitting outside was my only criteria. He suggested Cafe Moca in Walnut Hills. Never been but I was in!I had heard about this place before in passing from other coffee shop goers. So, I had to try it out and see what all the buzz was about. I walked in expecting there to be a limited coffee shop menu and was pleasantly pleased to see about 5 pages of options! Salads, Wraps, Sandwiches, baked goods, etc... There were so many choices and all healthy! Right up my bikini season alley! The girl behind the counter was very sweet and helpful. She answered all of my questions- usual for me to have at least 2. After practically interviewing her about their menu, I decided to indulge in the Asian Chicken Salad and unsweetened raspberry iced tea (I've been on a kick recently).  They gave us our drinks and we headed outside to enjoy the weather. The wait for the salad was about 10 minutes but absolutely worth it. It was fresh and crisp and yummy! Mandarin oranges and crispy wontons with the most delicious toasted sesame dressing! This salad was perfect! The portion was perfect too. I was completely satsified but not stuffed. I will definitely be back! Maybe even for some coffee shop action. I am still looking for a new coffee shop to call my office. Meanwhile, I'll definitely be back to try the Bacon Avocado Wrap!
<review# 1473,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2010,9/2/2010,77,64,,6,4>Maybe you like music.  Maybe you like music that you can hold in your hand.  Maybe you like music you actually pay for.  If any of these maybes describe you and you find yourself in the Greater Cincinnati area, you probably already know about Shake It Records.It's been called the best record store in town, and maybe even in the midwest but as a customer for years I can honestly say that it's the best record store in the country.  I know, I haven't been to them all, but the ones I have been to pale in comparison.  Upstairs you get a pop culture overload with their selection of used CD's & DVD's.  In addition, what is often overlooked is the massive amount of other products they peddle.  From books to strange but funny toys and magazines, Shake It has alot to choose from.But wait, is it vinyl you crave?  Wanna spend an hour "crate digging?"  No problem, just take the stairwell down to the vinyl vault where you can dig for wax as long as you want.  Used and new records are always jumping off the shelves and into my hands.  I gotta say though, it's the dudes that work at Shake It that set it apart.  These are not your typical High Fidelity music snobs but instead are regular guys who run a regular business and care alot about their customers and the community.So whether you are local and a regular, or are in from out of town and want to know what record store to check out, Shake It wins.
<review# 1474,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2010,9/1/2010,25,114,3,1,3>Drove up to Trio after having experienced the ridiculousness of the duck boats in Newport. I'm just saying, make sure you have nieces, nephews, or some form of small human with you.There were maybe three other tables with patrons sitting on them. Did you know that the day before July 4th is the slowest day of the year for restaurants? Well, it is.Almost ordered the meatloaf, but cant order the same thing that someone else does because of some weird rule of mine. It was said to be very good and a taste confirmed it.I was raised as a child to believe that pork and shellfish are unclean meat and thus a sin. Keeping this in mind I spotted my own personal Broodwich on the menu. video clip link below. start at 4:24 in case you have other things to do.metacafe.com/watch/85341It may quite possibly be the epitome of evil in a sandwich. A crabcake sandwich with bacon.  I ordered it.  I ate it.  It was very tasty. I'm still alive. The waiter was probably one best waiters I've ever experienced. very friendly and helpful.  They had Arnold Palmer's on the drink menu. I was in my own personal heaven, for now.
<review# 1475,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2010,8/31/2010,64,159,1,2,2>Admittedly I'm not the kind of person that usually goes to art museums.  It's not that I don't like art or I have no appreciation for art.  I spent six years of my childhood living in Europe where I saw art at its greatest.  As such, a lot of what is considering art back home in America looks more like garbage to me.  But that's neither here nor there.I visited the Cincinnati Art Museum with my oldest daughter a few days before school started for her.  Located in beautiful Eden Park, it's the type of quaint art museum you would expect to find in a city the size of Cincinnati.  The collection isn't very large, but it is surprisingly diverse.  There is usually at least one special exhibit on display at any given time.The museum is broken up into different sections, each section showcasing a different style (geographically speaking) of art in each.  There is a small interactive area for kids to enjoy, as well as a scavenger hunt to keep the children engaged as they make their way through the museum with their parents.  However, the scavenger hunt is not all that long, and kids can tend to lose focus.Free admission and free parking makes this a great deal for the family.  The staff were all great, very pleasant, polite, and knowledgeable.  My only suggestion would be to make sure, if you plan on bringing children, that they be old enough to really enjoy walking through numerous rooms looking at various pieces of art.All-in-all, a great place to visit, either with your family, or just by yourself.  Mahalo, and enjoy.
<review# 1476,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2010,8/30/2010,144,216,2,4,3>After attending Cincinnati Magazine's Burger Bash in July, I wanted to branch out try more of the ranked burgers that I haven't had. ATP served up their 8oz Federal Hill at Burger Bash and it was enough to make me want to visit for me. I'm not a person who likes a lot of fixings and toppings on my burger, because I want to taste the flavor of the meat so I went for the Telegraph Hill -- all their burgers are delicious!After much discussion with the server I decided on the onion rings while my friend got the fries and I'm glad I got the onion rings, they are great! The fries were soggy and nothing worth mentioning.The atmosphere is that of a sports bar filled with locals. The outdoor seating was filled up when we visited and I can see why since the jukebox was a bit loud for table conversation. I'll never understand why bars the need to make the music loud enough to be heard outside. Many venues are guilty of this and sooner I lose my hearing the less likely I'll be to dine out.  Take a friend on Thursdays when it is buy one burger, get one half off.
<review# 1477,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2010,8/29/2010,130,170,,3,3>We registered at one of the major national baby store chains, but found their selection to be somewhat lacking when it came to some of the bigger ticket items we wanted, i.e. strollers, car seats, furniture, etc. Specifically, we were interested in seeing and comparing: strollers by Orbit, Teutonia, Phil & Ted, Uppababy; baby furniture by Munire; etc... none of which the major national chain carried. After some research online, I found a baby specialty store local to Cincinnati, Treehouse Kids Co. It's about a 45 minute drive away for me, but turned out to be totally worth it. Their store is pretty large, the selection was much higher quality than the national chain store we had registered at, and their employees are super knowledgeable and helpful regarding their items. We ended up starting a second registry there, and got our stroller, crib, and infant car seat from them... which totalled $1500+... but sometimes, you really do get what you pay for. And I don't mind paying for quality and excellent service... which is what you get at Treehouse Kids Co.Highly recommended!
<review# 1478,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2010,8/28/2010,70,2,2,4,2>My girlfriend and I walked by the (literally) boarded-up Vinyl diner on our way to and from Neon's Unplugged all the time.  So we were very excited when we passed and noticed that some of the windows had recently been replaced.  We anxiously awaited the reopening and reimagining of the diner.I've been here a handful of times since its opening--a couple of times during their "soft opening" period and two or three times since then--and have ordered a range of things from the menu, including The Banker's Bacon & Egg Burger, Joe's Burger, grilled cheese & tomato, chili cheese fries, and their tangy coleslaw.  I don't believe that I have ever been to Joe's and not ordered the Cajun battered onion rings, which are absolutely delicious.  My food has always come out fairly quickly, and the staff has been attentive and friendly.TVs hang above the counter, playing classic black and white comedies.  The jukebox offers a nice selection of songs from various eras and genres of music.  Couple these with the overall look of the diner, and Joe's manages a fun 50s-inspired vibe, without being cartoonish (no one's on roller skates).  Last time I was here, I noticed that they have added a number of beers to their menu.  The selection won't blow you away, but it's always nice to have the option of a beer with your burger.
<review# 1479,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2010,8/27/2010,189,158,,3,2>As a recent Cincy transplant, I can't understand why anyone would give this place less than 5 stars. There is ALWAYS, I mean always, something going on here. There is so much going on I haven't been able to attend even half of it, and I live 10 blocks away. Maybe you native 'Nati dwellers are used to having a city center, but I've lived in 6 states and a couple of foreign countries and have never had a city center, so I think it's awesome.There seems to be pretty much any kind of food you want within a block. There is a lot of seating so you can hit one of the food establishments or bring your own lunch and enjoy it by the fountain. At least in the summer, there is programming almost every day (Salsa Thursdays, Free Movie Saturdays, etc, etc). Parking can sometimes be an issue, I guess, but move downtown where all the cool people live and you can walk (smile). I haven't been here in the winter yet, but I'm looking forward to the ice skating.Great, central place--always feels like a festival to me. Enjoy!
<review# 1480,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2010,8/26/2010,37,58,5,6,7>This is the sort of place I love to find.  The staff and owner are right there to talk to you. In fact, both our waitress and the owner told us various jokes of increasing lewdness (after asking if it was alright, of course).  The chili is very good.  I'd argue better than Skyline and even Camp Washington (which I really like too). And the owner knows it is so.  Ask him.  We were obviously first-timers and we each had spoons of chili in our mouths before we were seated. The prices are super inexpensive.  Its less than 4 bucks for a heaping mound of 3-way.  And the service is fast in the very American diner atmosphere.  Also, expect to get a good honest helping of Northside gossip and scuttlebutt.  Its a nice place to sit back, chow down, and chuckle at the all-too-rare eating experience you certainly encounter at Park Chili.  They close during the week at 7pm and I don't think they take credit cards, so bring cash.  But you won't need much.
<review# 1481,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2010,8/25/2010,40,31,,4,2>I was really worried about trying this place, as the reviews seem to be hit-or-miss. After having a dinner here, this is definitely going to be added to the rotation. There are some great options here. Chicken Mole - I was expecting a traditional mole, instead of this lighter peanut mole, but it was a really nice dish. Pork Shoulder - om nom nomShort Ribs - This was one they floundered on. The meat took a back seat to the wine, which punched you in the mouth. I hope they tweak this dish, as short ribs are one of my favorites, and I was disappointed to have it fall flat.Ceviche - ok. I had the bottom of the serving, which became soggy. The flavors were nice, but the texture was lackingCharred Corn - Holy flipping jebus! You need to order this.I am looking forward to giving their suckling pig dinner a try. Every tuesday they roast a 90lb suckling pig, and it is $25/pp with unlimited sides. That has to be one of the best deals in town.
<review# 1482,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2010,8/24/2010,3,2,,6,3>If there is one place my dog would prefer to live, it is at PAC. As we turn the corner onto Eggleston every Friday when I bring her for daycare, she starts jumping in the back seat of my car. Not only does she know exactly where we are going, but is thrilled at the idea of it.The Pet Athletic Club offers many services for dogs, and each that I've experienced is well-done.PAC has daycare for dogs daily, and boarding available on weekends. Rates are higher than other places I've seen, but since they have a downtown rent to pay and quality services offered, it's not a big deal. During daycare, the dogs are able to play with the other dogs (sometimes up to 30 others in a day) and participate in structured activities. No crating, no isolation.The dogs are crated during boarding (overnight or weekend care), but that's unavoidable. The several times per day that they are attended to on weekends, the staff will often allow free play if enough dogs are there, or take the dogs on nice walks around the area.PAC also offers grooming services, which I've only used once. I brought my dog in for her regular Friday daycare, asked if they would cut her nails during the day, and she came back with her nails trimmed. It was a small extra fee, but better they wrestle her than I, right?A big component of the PAC is training. They have many structured packages for training - including individual sessions on an as-need basis - with some of the greatest trainers around. They do work with police K9 units, which says a lot. Most Tuesday nights, they offer training demonstrations where you can watch them show off a well-trained dog as he obeys commands perfectly. The basics are covered and a few more entertaining commands and demonstrated, too.I took advantage of their 15-day "board and train", for which I dropped my dog off and picked her up 15 days later. (It was tough for me and my girlfriend, but I was told she barely noticed my absence!) During that period, she received several hours of training per day with well-structured periods when they weren't training. She came back knowing commands so well, and the two follow-up sessions that were included with the training taught me and my girlfriend how to properly follow-through.Everyone at PAC is so nice and obviously loves to be there. I recommend PAC for anyone with a dog that needs boarding, training, daycare, or socialization and can afford the slightly steeper costs associated with the location and high-quality services.
<review# 1483,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2010,8/23/2010,139,64,,5,2>I dream about Dojo Gelato. I get cravings for it.  It is a welcome addition to what is otherwise a very 'blah' ice cream market, meaning all other offerings are basically the same.  Dojo brings a uniqueness factor.  The selection of flavors varies, and each batch is handmade with only the freshest ingredients.  Some of the flavors may seen strange, (Maple/bacon, really??) but trust me, just give them a try.  Like me, you'll find yourself waiting for them to produce that flavor again.  And you'll want more.So ahead, have some.  It will make your mouth happy.
<review# 1484,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2010,8/22/2010,1,26,2,4,3>One of the best restaraunts in the city of Cincinnati, not just for the view (which is beautiful) or the service (which is excellent) but especially for the food. If you love classic italian, this is place to go.  I love the bread with warm garlic spread they give you when you first sit down, and thier pastas are amazing. While the location is less than ideal (the restaraunt is located at the bottom of an apartment building, with nothing else nearby) it is really worth the short trip over the bridge. Highly recommended, and where we bring visitors from out of town so they can see the city and enjoy a great meal.
<review# 1485,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2010,8/21/2010,66,34,2,3,3>If you have ever wanted to kill someone by bludgeoning them to death with a menu then Apsara is the perfect destination. No, seriously, you can do some heavy damage with their metallic menus.  I, for fear of my life, do not go to Apsara to order off the main menu.  I only go for their wonderful happy hour.  Nearly everything is discounted, sake, wine, beer, cocktails and sushi.  No order is complete without trying the Playboy roll, it basically has everything you could want, spicy tuna, shrimp tempura, mango & asparagus topped with cooked shrimp, sriracha, mayonnaise& furikake finished with eel sauce.  It also comes out on a flaming plate wrapped in tin foil.All in all a decent place if you're in the area.  It's not the absolute best, and you can find similar (if not better) quality closer to downtown but if you live in Blue Ash do yourself a favor and try Apsara.
<review# 1486,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2010,8/20/2010,30,16,2,3,2>My usual way to enjoy Rima's is with my older father. He is not into all the crazy Asian food I am , and I am not a huge fan of chains. This is a great compromise because it is small, local, and inexpensive but good. On occasion I have had to wait awhile for food here but usually the food is quick and you can hardly finish your salad that comes with most dinners before the entree is in front of you.Being an omnivore who likes healthy food most of the time, it has been difficult to choose here sometimes until I realized that the occasional hamburger, pork chop, or slice of pie was not the worst thing to happen on a Saturday evening.Their menu is small but contains the usual comfort foods of spaghetti, meatloaf, BLT's, fried catfish, and grilled chicken breasts. Most dinners come with a choice of two sides and they often have some nice specials like pickled beets, green beans, or peas that are all very southern in style.I really enjoyed the pork chops when I was there last. You can choose from one or two and the difference in price is negligible. The difference really is that if you choose 2 you will prob have to leave one for lunch the next day.The staff there are very friendly and attentive. I have never had bad service. If I am running late for a movie (which I often am on Saturday nights with my Dad), they have been more than helpful in getting us out the door.As for drinks, they serve beer and wine only and Pepsi products. The fact that they do not serve Diet Coke is the worst thing about the place . Luckily their ice tea is as good as any ice tea-brewed not from a machine with lots of lemon.I highly recommend Rima's if you are in the mood for comfort food, a relaxed evening and perhaps room for homemade cake or pie for dessert.
<review# 1487,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2010,8/19/2010,113,79,1,6,2>Watching stars like Rafael Nadal and Roger Federer play doubles on Court 3 feels a little bit like cheating the system. You'll pay top dollar to see these guys on a showcase court at a Grand Slam, but at the Lindner Tennis Center, they're just a few feet away from your seat.There's still a premium, and often a wait list, to get in on the really good seats on Center Court, but I have yet to find a bad seat in the house. My tournament strategy: Don't wait for the semifinals and finals, get to the tournament on Monday and Tuesday. Bring sunscreen, a large bottle of water (you can carry one in and refill it at fountains) and any kind of cooling device you can get your hands on. A paper fan from one of the sponsor booths will suffice.Forget about Center Court the first day or two unless there's a great matchup. Usually it's top seeds beating the hell out of the younger players. Keep a close eye on the practice courts and the matches on Court 3 and 4. The players are practically in your lap on the smaller courts, and the tennis is still some of the best in the world.Cincinnatians all seem to know about the W&S Open, I just don't think they all understand that it's a world class event. I'm not sure what I need to do to convince them that professional tennis is extremely intense and fast-paced in person. Forget your pre-conceived notions of tennis, pack up some SPF 30 and spend a few days at the Lindner Center. It's bound to change your mind.
<review# 1488,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2010,8/18/2010,54,45,,1,1>Good clean vintage and not overpriced!Living across from this sweet newer addition to OTR Main street, I have walked in this store several times on my way to and from work.  The window displays pull you in, creatively developed with colored tape pieces, beautiful hanging scarves and one month a sweet display of paint chips!  The shop is very eclectic and has a variety of clothing from sweet 70's vintage to walks down the 80's and early 90's memory lane (for me...).  Not just clothes though!  and Guys - don't be afraid, there are things for you too, especially sweet vintage wing tip shoes.  Household items like mirrors, plates and even recipe holders (I have had my eye on one for a while now...) are available at super reasonable prices.  Speaking of prices too - join the mailing list and receive tons of coupons and sales announcements!  Great store and perfect for downtown.
<review# 1489,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2010,8/17/2010,89,141,2,4,3>So my boyfriend and I discovered this neat little treasure while on an impromptu local road trip a while back. We passed it two times when we were cruising local streets, trying to find our way to wherever we were going.After passing it twice, we stopped to see what it was. Walking up, we weren't sure what to expect. The gentleman was friendly and willing to help us out as we tried to figure out what in the world we were looking at. There is a platform on which sits a giant shelf of beers, and the man would walk across it and into a room next to the shelf that had stocked inventory. It was the oddest thing we'd seen, but we soon got used to the unusual shopping setting and started checking out their selection.We walked away with a mix 6-pack of various beers for around $10. A decent and rather average price for a 6-pk. of beer, but once you knew what brands of beer we had, you'd know we got a deal. They have many brands and try to keep up with what they have in stock and what they don't.I'm big on asking for recommendations, and they not only know their stuff, they are friendly about conversing and talking about more than just drinks. We had a great chat about how long they'd been around, what things were going on, etc.I've visited a few times, and just today I stopped in. Two kind gentlemen helped me with my drink selection and I am definitely getting hooked. Sure, I can get my drinks from a local grocery store, but when you have a place like this around, it's definitely worth the extra 10-20 minute drive or so to get a chance to meet friendly people and select from a WIDE variety of drinks.We also stopped in the wine room to check out their selection, as my boyfriend is a big wine fan. They have a decent selection - it's a small room packed with a variety of wines. They also have candy and such.If you are in the area, CHECK IT OUT. I'm a big fan of supporting local joints that offer a different shopping experience, and it's worth taking the time to peruse.
<review# 1490,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2010,8/16/2010,21,78,1,2,2>I've wanted to eat at this restaurant for quite sometime now and last week I finally got to give it a try. The decor hasn't changed much since it was Pigall's but it doesn't feel as stuffy.  The restaurant was pretty empty at 8:30 on a wednesday despite all the good reviews. My server was excellent and knowledgeable and thoroughly explained the menu and concept of the restaurant. She also added the previous experience and cooking style of the chef de cuisine.  I hadn't started eating yet but I was in love.  Everything on the menu comes from local farms and all of the meat is pasture raised, grass-fed etc... I started out with the local cheese plate and the 22 month aged prosciutto. The cheese was phenomenal with the succulent honey comb paring. I was skeptical about the pickled watermelon rind that came with the prosciutto but was pleasantly surprised. The ham just melted in your mouth and the watermelon was a mild sliver that I honestly didn't notice. My dining companion had a salad, a course that I skipped. While he was enjoying the salad that came with a fried goat cheese ball our server brought me a small sampling of their cold potato soup. She didn't want me to feel left out.  Beauty is in the details!We ordered the beef and the bison for the main entree. I have to say it was interesting and very good but it was missing something.  They vacuum seal the beef and cook it in hot water. Apparently this is the new trend but maybe I just missed my salty char. Overall this was a wonderful dining experience and I can't wait to return.
<review# 1491,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/15/2010,8/15/2010,211,416,8,3,3>This neighborhood institution is pretty much always packed unless there are record high temps - at these times even their genius ventilation system of garage doors and zillions of fans cannot keep this joint cool.There are lots of beers on tap, but it's pretty much your garden variety of beers.  I think Sam Adams seasonal is about as wild and crazy as it gets.  But don't forget the free self-serve popcorn.   This combo can sustain you for many sporting events on their numerous flat screens.The food is sort of a ripoff.  The chicken is pretty good, but that's about it.  My favorite sandwich is the "Guac on the Wild Side" and I make sure to order by its full name so that everyone involved is sufficiently embarrassed by this sandwich's ridiculous name.  There are other ridiculously-monikered menu options.  Hail Caesar salad and the "Breast of Times" menu section certainly come to mind.Other eye-rolling features:  ads in the bathroom stalls and coasters with the number of a DUI attorney.  Stay Classy, Silver Spring House!
<review# 1492,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2010,8/14/2010,94,404,,4,2>My wife had been telling me to check out Coffee Emporium for a couple of years, but until recently I'd been too stubborn to get there.  It's just me, but her raves about the "best black-bean burger" didn't exactly set off fireworks of gastronomic anticipation in my mind or mouth.  Or maybe, I was just too lazy:  Central Parkway seemed too far from work (near Fountain Square), although only a block or two farther away than several Court Street places folks from my office frequent.  (And it's definitely too far, time-wise, for a mid-afternoon coffee break.)As usual, the wife was right.  I figure that, at least at this location, Coffee Emporium has to be just about the best coffeehouse/restaurant of its sort in the Cincinnati area.  For coffeehouse fare, the food is top-notch.  The black-bean burger is indeed about the best one you're going to find in this town, and the tuna melt is good, too.  (Must try more of the grub.)  The shop offers fresh fruit or salad greens with the $6.95 sandwiches, which is not a bad deal for healthier-and-fresher-than-average food.  What I've had of the coffee has been very good; the beans are roasted on-site and a huge variety of them are available to take home.  Iced tea, unfortunatly, is brewed a little weak.  The industrial-style, open, pleasantly-lit seating area is appealing and relaxing, and the atmosphere is urbane without being pretentious or hipper-than-thou.  (Starbucks feels like McDonald's by comparison.)  By dint of its location on the downtown/OTR "border," Coffee Emporium gets an eclectic mix of customers.  And the staff is friendly and efficient.  Even when you show up in your downtown-worker dorkwear, like I've got to.A valuable Cincinnati asset.
<review# 1493,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2010,8/13/2010,2,5,,4,1>Not just the best steakhouse in town, but the best restaurant in town.  The service is impeccable, but the reason you will want to go here is the aged-beef steaks.  There's simply no way to convey how good they are.  And the wine selection - OMG!  Best, most informative and friendly sommelier in town.  He will put you at ease even if you have never tasted anything more exotic than Mogan David!Just try it.  Pricey to be sure, but somehow you'll talk your way into believing that it's worth every penny!
<review# 1494,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2010,8/12/2010,9,16,1,2,2>Wow, wow and wow! I've been a gold-pass holder for several years, and the park just keeps getting better! I've been to nearly every Six Flags park, Hershey Park, Cedar Point, Zero Gravity and more, but King's Island is one of the best! If you don't have a pass, get your tickets at Kroger or Meijer, that's the only way to get a reasonable price. The prices are pretty high ($55 gets you into every Six Flags Park in the country, a King's Island pass is $100) but it's absolutely worth every penny. When you go there, head straight to Diamond Back. I don't care if it's in the middle of the park, it's the best ride there, hands down. I like to visit King's Island at least once a week, but I could honestly go every day. In addition to having some of the best thrill rides in the country there, there are rides that younger riders will enjoy including an obligatory swinging ship, a 1/3 scale replica of the Eiffel Tower, some small roller coasters, a merry-go-round and a rather large Snoopy-based kid zone with dozens of rides. If you want to get wet, you don't have to visit King's Island waterpark (although it is included in admission, I was mistaken when I said it was not) because there are three of four good water rides in the park (two log-flumes and a white water rafting). If you need to beat the heat and don't want to get wet, Flight of Fear and The Crypt are indoor and air-conditioned rides... Just don't expect to be the only person with that idea, they'll be packed on hot days!There are a few drawbacks, as I mentioned, it's expensive. Not just admission, but bottle sodas are $3.75 in the vending machines, all the food and souvenirs are ridiculously overpriced, but I guess that's to be expected from a theme park. Parking is a pain, even the "preferred" parking isn't much good.If you're only in town for a few days and plan to visit King's Island, go EARLY! You WILL want to spend all day there. I would plan to leave for lunch (you can re-enter and re-park for free) and then come back and keep riding. One more tip, if you plan to go just because it's "bring a friend" day or some other gimmick... Don't. The park gets really crowded on those days and it just won't be as much fun.
<review# 1495,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2010,8/11/2010,30,69,1,4,2>I've only had Pit to Plate at Taste of Cincinnati, so I decided to finally make the trek to Mt. Healthy to visit the source of this deliciousness and man was it worth it. The atmosphere is pretty cool we sat next to these pictures of Boarson Wells and Albert Einswine. As far as the food, its delicious BBQ goodness. There are about 6 sauces on the table, each one at little different and tasty. Had the pulled pork plate with some taters and beans and its a good thing there is a roll of paper towels right on the table. If I had one negative to say about this place it was that my side of beans was kind of small compared to the taters. I would have expected bigger but it was about all they could fit on the plate so I guess I cant complain that much. All in all its worth a trip up here.
<review# 1496,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2010,8/10/2010,0,5,,7,4>ForkHeartKnife is too good for Cincinnati.It belongs more in Greenwich Village in New York City than Cincinnati, but if it must be in Cincinnati then in Over-the-Rhine on Main Street is a great location. When you walk in the menu is on the left, on a giant piece of paper that is rolled down from the wall. The kitchen is wide open and you can see everything that the chefs are doing. You could potentially carry on a conversation with them while they are cooking. You feel more like you're in someone's kitchen than at a restaurant. Inside can seat about 12 or so people, but they put tables outside during business hours. The decor is modern and minimalistic, with the tone set from a  few pieces of art, exposed brick, and tables made of thick, rustic slabs of wood.Why is ForkHeartKnife unusual?1. The menu is different every time they open. Our menu only contained five items. Items range from $3 to $6. A dinner for two only cost $18, which is EXTREMELY reasonable.2. Their hours are bizarre. Now open Thursdays and Friday for dinner, and Sunday for brunch. May change?3. Water is free and the only beverage served, but we were encouraged to bring whatever we wanted next time--including beer and wine.4. I believe only cash is accepted, but I'm not totally sure. Their items are listed as whole dollars $5, $7, etc because they do not like dealing with and counting change.5. They focus specifically on fresh, local ingredients. Much of their ingredients are purchased from the nearby, iconic Findlay Market.While there a couple walked in, looked at the menu on the wall, told the chefs this place wasn't for them, then left. Pity, I'm sure they found a McDonald's somewhere. *Blek!!* The reason I say this place is too good for Cincinnati is because it seems highly esoteric--for people who are serious about eating fresh, local food. Perhaps Manhattan has enough critical mass to support businesses like these, but does Cincinnati? I don't know, but I sincerely hope so. I am optimistic. These are the kinds of businesses that make a city unique and interesting. Let's hope ForkHeartKnife stays in OTR for a long time, and keeps its personality. I'd hate to see them succumb to financial pressures to become another ordinary, run of the mill Cincinnati restaurant that's meant to please the masses. I don't give 5 stars very often, and this place gets them.
<review# 1497,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2009,8/9/2010,58,439,,6,2>The thing that's great about Teller's is that you can have at least 4 distinct experiences there:1) Outdoor patio (upstairs)--great for a chill drink with friends2) Upstairs (inside)--quieter atmosphere, good for dates3) Downstairs--high tables and the bar make for good mingling later on in the evening or a more social dining experience4) The Vault--good to reserve in advance for large parties, feels like you have your own little restaurant all to yourselves!The food is above average--I've tried several different things on the menu; most recently--the Kobe burger, which for $11 is definitely not authentic, but a darn fine burger nonetheless.Service is generally good, but can get a bit slow during busy periods.Location on Hyde Park Square is a positive--nice to stroll around after dinner (and maybe grab some Graeter's from next door). Parking can be a bit tricky, but if you can't find anything at the meters, there's a pay lot directly behind Teller's (access from the alley off Edward's) that's not too pricey.
