<review# 1,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2014,11/25/2014,837,552,6,11,14>Still 5 whole stars!Tanzy has become one of my favorite places.  I keep coming here with friends and family, for dinner and/ or drinks, and finally got to go on a Tuesday night when ladies drink free from 4pm to 7pm.2 of my friends and I took advantage of this deal and tried some of their infused vodka (free) drinks.  I had the basil vodka in a mojito - Really good...  Refreshing, not too sweet, perfect!  My friends tried the citrus vodka and each really liked their drink as well.  The other option they had was cucumber vodka...  might do a cucumber martini next time.  All herbs are fresh, grown in their own little garden.  If I could give them one more star just for that, I would.We got there a little before 6pm and bar was packed.  It took a while for a server to get to us but, once she got our first order, service was fast and on point as always.  She was friendly, made sure our drinks were full at all times, that our food came out on time and we had everything we needed.  She made recommendations and they were all great!We had the calamari, which is still absolutely delicious (I mentioned it on my previous review), the mussels (a must have, believe me), and the Tuna Tartar.  I've always said I don't like raw tuna but, I guess, this one with the avocado and the way they prepare it, I am a fan, and it's a very nice looking plate (yes, I took a picture). I saw the manager making a drink where he had 3 different woods (maple, hickory, and can't remember the third one) to smoke, then he would let the glass absorb that smoke and pour the drink in, then some cherries were stirred in and placed on the rim for garnish.  I was intrigued and asked for one...  It is a "New Fashioned".  If you are a Bourbon drinker, order it!  If you are not, you might want to start...  I chose the maple wood for mine and  loved it.  It's strong but smooth, and easy to drink. I hope they keep this drink on the regular menu because it's one I would order again.Before we left,  we were asked if we had dessert, and I realized that I think I've never eaten dessert here.  So, by recommendation, we tried the Olive Oil, Rosemary, Salted Ice Cream (or gelato) and it was a sweet surprise.  It is light, and the flavors of each ingredient come through in every bite and go so well together.  Not a bad way to end our night.I know I'll be back so, see you soon Tanzy!
<review# 2,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2014,11/24/2014,51,36,1,8,7>I am soo soo glad the waitress stopped us to tell us "$5 chicken wings and wiskey!" That grabbed my attention inmediately and even though we went to another place first, we ended up eating here, and boy I am soo glad we did!First of all, their happy hours are very good. You get 2x1 on drinks that are less than $9 but the best thing is that they have beer cocktails! I have not find many places that serves those, and when I found one I stick to it! I had their mix of cider and blue moon, and it was summer in a glass!We ordered their wings and their blue cheese sliders and I am sooo glad we did! I am not even lying when I say that they have the BEST wings in town.. THE BEST! We ordered their "candy pepper" wings and they were the perfect mix of sweet and spicy . Their wings were very meaty and crunchy which in my book is all that I ever want from chicken wings.Now, their sliders were OUT OF THIS WORLD! I must confess that I am not a big fan of burgers, but when I saw the components on this one, I had to go for it! These sliders are made with quality beef stacked with pieces of fried shallots,blue chesse, applewood smoked bacon and a roasted red pepper sauce. To top it all off, this mountain of deliciousness was tucked inside a soft pretzel bun.. Pretty epic if you ask me!I can't wait to go back to this place! My mouth is watering just to think about it!
<review# 3,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2014,11/23/2014,201,258,9,11,10>I've always wanted to go to a restaurant where the chefs are culinary students. The way I figure it, student chefs will be enthusiastic, up on the latest technques,  and trying hard to impress their teachers and fellow students.After reading the five star reviews on Yelp, I had to try this place.  Since they 're only open two days a week reservations fill up quickly.  I had to wait until the following week to get a table.The dinner includes an appetizer, entree, and dessert for $19.95.  Everything on the menu sounded great. I remembered seeing reviews on Yelp saying that the crab cakes and the short ribs were delicious.  Both items were on the menu.   I trust my fellow Yelpers. I ordered the crab cake appetizer.  It was three crab cakes on a bed of corn salsa.  It was delicious. .For my entrée I ordered the braised short rib which came with mashed potatoes, and green beans. So many times short rib is fatty.  Not here.  It was lean, and tender, and perfectly cooked.  The red wine sauce that covered the short rib was so good.  The mashed potatoes were light and fluffy.  I don't know how they prepared the green beans.  They were the best green beans I've ever eaten.  For dessert I had the warm chocolate cake.  It came with a scoop of vanilla ice cream.  When I cut into the cake I found warm chocolate sauce in the middle . It was very rich, and very delicious.My husband ordered the southwest chicken dumpling with black bean salsa for his appetizer.  For his entrée he had pappardelle pasta with mushroom cream sauce, and strawberry shortcake for dessert.His chicken dumpling was fried and served on a bed of black bean salsa.  I traded one of my crab cakes for one of his dumplings.  The dumpling was very good.  He loved his pappardelle pasta.  I tasted it and I thought it was just okay.  The pasta was good but I thought the sauce was a little thin for my taste.  His strawberry shortcake was delicious.  It was different from any strawberry shortcake I've had before.  There was plenty of whipped cream and fruit.  If you go there and order it I don't think you'll be disappointed.The restaurant was attractive, the service was friendly and attentive, and the food was delicious.  I'll be back.A funny thing happened while I was eating my dinner:I was about half way through my entrée and just about to put a forkful of mashed potato in my mouth when our server came over.  He asked if I wanted him to wrap up the rest of my food.  I told him I wasn't finished yet.  He put a plate with my warm chocolate cake on the table and said it was like a lava cake and had to be eaten while it was still hot.  Oh well, I gave him the rest of my entrée to wrap up and ate the warm chocolate cake. Later the instructor explained that the timing on the cake had been off and it came out of the oven early..
<review# 4,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2014,11/22/2014,77,54,3,8,6>A pleasant break from the normal chain places and localized Florida style Mexican cuisine. Agave Azul blends traditional Mexican flavors and ingredients to teach America what real Mexican food is like. The menu selection is genius, as most Mexican places are, because the diversity of ingredients is limited but the menu selection is far and widespread. Burritos, quesadillas, sopes, tacos, and more; yet they all include the same ingredients in different forms. I was there for my first stop in the Yelp Food Fight: Taco Edition. The taco, for $1, was great. I ate the taco and ordered the special ($7.99, if I recall correctly) for 2 Sopes, A side, and a drink. The deal is unbeatable anywhere else. The sopes, if you're like me and don't know what they are, were amazingly great sized and filling in the right way. The Sope: A corn flour bowl that is fried and filled with beans, meat, and all of the toppings of your pick (I added the lettuce, tomato, salsas, queso, crema, and the other accoutrements: refried beans, meat [one chicken, one chicarron]). Agave Azul offers a similar deal every day of the week. The item on special changes but it's always + one side and a drink. The chips were a great addition to the sope. Added drink perks include reasonable priced bottled beer (~3.50 for a Corona), Horchata at your disposal, Tamarind juice ready for the refill, and fountain soda as well.  One recommendation for the future would be to invest in some better decor for the place. While I appreciate the simple look, it seems very haphazard and drab. The management is great and the restaurant was awesome too. I'll definitely be coming back as long as the food stays the same and the price is right!Note: The manager was really nice and took the time to walk through the order process, what they served, explaining the mobile app rewards program implemented in the store.
<review# 5,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2014,11/21/2014,233,409,3,9,5>Growing up in a Filipino household I was forced to eat my share of Filipino food.  Pancit was pretty much a staple growing up and I definitely did not like it.  Perhaps it was my parents' relatively bland palate that did it or maybe the "grass is always greener" syndrome but Cuban food was my favorite growing up....go figure.Anyway as my palate has grown I find myself being more interested in different foods and Filipino food is definitely one.  Since my mom was at my house we found this place on Yelp and decided to check it out.  The mall where this place is located is a bit shady, but once we entered we were greeted by the ultra friendly staff which made us feel at home.All i can say is that this ain't my mom's cooking, it's BETTER!  We sampled a bunch of dishes:Sisig - This was one of my favorites as a it was a delicious combination of pork meat and liver with a fried egg on top.  Delish!Filipino BBQ- Any good place has to have good BBQ skewers and the ones here were great.  They are a little sweeter than I am used to but definitely juicy and delicious.Grilled Liampo - I have no idea why I have never had this before but it is grilled pork belly in a dipping sauce.  It was great but next time I'll do it fried like they suggest in the restaurant.Pancit Palabok- This is a different variation of the traditional pancit (bihon) that uses bigger rice noodles and has squid ink and eggs.  I think I like this version much better.Pancit Bihon - The traditional pancit served everywhere. Not bad but then again i've never been a fan.Overall this is some of the best Filipino food I have ever had, and will definitely come back.  Even my mom grudgingly acknowledged the place was "good".  Considering the source this is a pretty damn good compliment!
<review# 6,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2014,11/20/2014,163,326,7,11,8>This place can be filed under "F" for great find for Foodies!  South African foods in the heart of South Florida (conveniently just a half block of Federal Highway/US1 off of Florinada (45 Street) Meal in a Pie serves up just that - meat pies - that are rather large and substantial; I was full after eating just one and a half (but my gluttonous self wouldn't take no for an answer and finished the second).  Because the contents of the pies are enclosed in a very flaky layered dough that is basically puff pastry; but with the complexity of the layers of baklava and very buttery; these pies are not for the dieters amongst us or should be considered, IMHO, an everyday treat.  But treats they are to indulge in and wave the calorie police goodbye while you tuck into some pretty yummy flavors; chicken in a white tarragon sauce; lamb and curry; lamb or beef with veggies and potatoes - there's about 10 options to choose from inclluding pastry dough wrapped hot dogs and sausages - but again - this dough is rather rich almost to the point of unctuous - I can only speak for me but I couldn't eat more than 2 at one sitting.I also purchased a very yummy piri-piri hot sauce that is an excellent condiment and a jar of sliced guava in a rich syrup.  There's quite a few goodies in this small establishment; sodas, certainly a rich vein of candies and chocolates, and a very hospitable host.  I'm looking forward to return and explore some more and try out some other pie flavors - but after a brisk walk around the block first to counter the calories!
<review# 7,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2014,11/19/2014,123,98,4,10,11>The best way to describe this place is a dimond in the rough. I've been coming here for 10 years and NEVER have I had anything but a great exeperience. This place has been around forever. I would definitely call this a dive bar. When you drive up it looks like a little shack but do NOT be discouraged by appearances go inside and experience all their delicious goodies they have to offer.No matter what you're in the mood for you must get their WINGS they're the best in the area hands down. They have several options for sauce I usually go for their hot. It's not as spicy as the name says it'll be, its more packed with flavor. If you really love spicy food try their terminator sauce its delicious with a nice kick of heat. I always get my wings fried but they'll also grill them for you no problem.Feeling a bit adventurous go for their gator tail you'll thank me later. They give you these fried to perfection golden morsels of gator tail it comes with fries and cole slaw. Gator to me tastes better then chicken and Tarks gator tail is the best I've eaten anywhere.Try any of their seafood its always fresh and cooked on the spot. From shrimp, to crab legs, fish, steamers, shucked to order oysters. You will not be disappointed.I can not forget their ice cold pitchers of beers it pairs up perfectly with all the fried goodness I usually eat. Go on a Wednesday and with your purchase of a pitcher of beer they give you 10 free wings, can you say winning! I'm not embarrassed to say that I probably spent 5 years worth of Wednesdays there ;)The restaurant is small but you'll always manage to find a spot either inside or outside. The staff is great they get to know you by name. If you're looking for a chill super casual night and want some wings and beer this is your place.
<review# 8,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2014,11/18/2014,120,9,11,14,12>This place is amazing.It's so genuinely Italian (owned and operated by Italians from Italy) I felt like Paulie Gualtieri when the Soprano's visited the Old Country  youtube.com/watch?v=NV6w… , and like 'Paulie Walnuts' I also had no idea what real Italian food is before Brusketta.First off this place is small and resembles your average small strip mall pizza joint from the outside, but when you get through the door forget about it.No plastic Ivy twist-tied to lattice, no Chianti bottles swinging overhead and not even one picture of Dean and/or Frank. This place is all about great service and even better food. The two men interchangeably cooking and serving (which  I assume were the owners) were very personable (to the extent my Wife was honestly blushing,true story) but I never got the fakey vibe from either. they both seemed genuinely concerned that we were happy with our meal.I pointed to their Pescatore on the menu (which is a rice dish) but thankfully they directed me to the Mare Fettuccine which is similar but of course is a pasta dish. My wife ordered (what I understand now) is their most popular plate, the homemade Veal Ravioli. While waiting they brought bread and spiced olive oil, I have no idea how they made both taste that good but we've never had better.Sooo, the food comes and thankfully the live Italian Soccer game on the big screen (which the owners were locked onto when able) although not loud helped to drown out our moaning and eye-rolling as we ate (I'm not kidding).After moaning, rolling our eyes and nodding our heads for 30 minutes we ordered their homemade Tiramisu.I had never had Tiramisu before but I was a lead singer in Rock Bands professionally in my 20's and never tasted anything better, yeah that good ;)Okay so we get the bill and it's only $50 even though I had 3 Heineken's (Wifey insists it was 4-5 or something LOL) and we're wondering how we got such great food and large portions of home cooked Italian at it's best.My wife Tamela "Mrs Impatient" S. is picky, she also loved EVERYTHING about this place (I almost passed out).5-Stars hands down, this place is the real deal.
<review# 9,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2014,11/17/2014,118,353,2,7,8>We decided to give the Dockside another try after poor service the first time last summer.  Oddly, we were seated at the SAME table during this visit, but that's where the similarities in our visits end.  The service this time was on par with what any customer should expect and receive.When we arrived (it was a Saturday evening about 7pm), there was a long line of cars waiting for valet.  These guys move quickly though!  Two of us hopped out to put our name on the list for an outdoor table.  We were told the wait would be 30-35 minutes.  However, 5 minutes later, our table was ready!  (We had made a late 9pm reservation, but got lucky by showing up and crossing fingers.)A couple of us ordered drinks which were a bit on the strong side, but still good and refreshing.  I ordered the Fresh Mahi Tacos, blackened. I wanted to love them, but they were just too spicy for me.  I'm a mild/medium gal, and these were HOT!  Our two friends love spicy food so they ate the tacos and were a bit surprised it didn't say anything on the menu about the level of spice.  I ended up filling up on some appetizers that we decided to order after our meals arrived. My only true complaint, and the reason for losing the star, is how the tacos were priced.  The tacos were TINY and priced at $18.  I expected MUCH larger tacos.  See the photo I uploaded.  Our friend ordered the Sizzlin Skillet, which is HUGE and also $18.  The amount of fish in the tacos and in the skillet aren't even comparable.  I say order the Skillet every time and you will be so happy. I tasted his entree and it was yummy, and not too fishy.  Seriously...those tacos should be on the appetizer menu (not served as a meal) and priced at $11-$13 to be fair (and still make money for the restaurant).Other than that, the service had greatly improved.  I recommend eating at the Dockside where you can come as you are, and experience a true taste of Florida!
<review# 10,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2014,11/16/2014,84,102,5,6,6>A super solid locally owned business.A am a good tipper in a full service restaurant but I have to say I LOVE the no tipping policy at this fast and casual innovative burger destination. They charge enough to keep their quality high and their staff fairly compensated, I am going to give you the no fail "Amanda Burger" ordering tipBeef Patty (or Bison especially on Ten Buck Tuesday) cooked Medium with Brie Cheese and Sweet and Smoky Bacon Jam. Heaven on a bun.If you have a sweet tooth or a sharing partner with one TREAT YO' SELF to a chocolate truffle hand dipped milkshake. They have a great relish rewards program for every hundred dollars you drop there they send you a $10 rewards post card. Only minor complain that isn't worth a star reduction is that if you misplace the post card you are SOL.  I would enjoy it a tad more if the rewards were electronic and always on your account aka paperless rewards.
<review# 11,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2014,11/15/2014,402,320,4,6,6>For my birthday, my boyfriend bought us memberships at Crossfit Dimensions. We decided to start the class on a Saturday. I called the Friday before, and reserved our place in the class.When I called, Matt immediately remembered my boyfriend's name and was very friendly. He suggested for us to come a few minutes early, so I could fill out the waivers and what not.  When we arrived, I looked around for Matt to get signed up.He was in the front of the room writing down the workout for the day. I waited until he finished to introduce myself. He was welcoming and we chatted for a minute. I explained my back issues when I filled out the waiver. Unlike my last experience at Dirt Fitness, he listened to what I had to say and gave me feedback.On that Saturday, our first class was the Crossfit Unloaded. We started with a stretch before the workout began.  We also ran around the block and back before starting the exercises. The workout itself consisted mostly of squats and pushups along with the use of kettlebells and a row machine. The next day, my boyfriend and I felt sore. However, that did not stop us from coming Sunday for the Crossfit Endurance class. This class started with a longer run than the Unloaded. When we got back from the run, we did our stretches and prepared for the workout.The workout for Endurance included more running around than the Unloaded. It also targeted my core a lot too. I'm still feeling it. For the Endurance class, I wore my heart rate monitor. I burned 707 calories in that class. I felt beat up, but really good afterwards. Overall, it has been a great experience so far. These classes were exactly what I was looking for to get back in shape. I am looking forward to meeting the other coach, Rebecca.
<review# 12,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2014,11/14/2014,187,179,7,13,10>Anyone who knows me knows that I love beers.  Its no secret.  And, I love the idea of supporting local business.  So when I found out that there is a brewery near by my house, I am said to myself: ALL IN!The location of this business is near the Port Everglades.  And with all the airport runway construction going around, it made this place kind of hard to find.  But since we got the GPS on the phone, we were still able to manage to find this place.  But don't go too fast when you made the turn on to the SE 14th Ave.  Since there is not a sign visible from the street, you can easily miss it.There is noting fancy about this place.  Its a brewery located in a warehouse building and they only server few different kinds of beers and no food (except Friday and Saturday night where there will be food trucks in the parking lot).  But, that's okay.  Its a very cool place to come in, trying a few different kinds of local beers and hang out with friends.  I met with the brewer/owner Kyle there and he is very nice.  He told me they just opened for business 5-6 weeks ago and looks like things are going well.  Since they just got started they only have a handful of their in-house brewed beers available on this day as the others had run out.  Because they just got started they have not been able to build enough inventory to meet with the demand.  Since I wanted to taste everything, I started by ordering a flight of beers, which I can choose 3 of their beers and one from the other brewery.  I decide to go with the Saison, the porter and the stout on one beer from other brewery.  The Saison was light and refreshing which makes a perfect summer time beers.  Both the porter and the stout was smooth and very nice also.  We got a little tour behind the bar where Kyle gave us a little idea about what they do on site.  I can tell they are very passionate about what they do.  The only little draw back is that since the brewery is located inside the warehouse, there is no AC.  But there is plenty of fans everywhere.  So if you do decide to come and pay a visit, dress comfortably.  I definitely will come back with my friends soon!
<review# 13,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2014,11/13/2014,296,502,9,12,14>4.5Happy to have found a new spot to add to my local favorites!A Peruvian-Japanese hybrid restaurant? What a great concept! I love the name too. Overall, Ceviche Arigato is not something you would expect in a typical South Florida strip mall. I was pleasantly surprised. Went on a Tuesday afternoon at around noon. It looked tiny from the outside. Once inside, I noticed it was not tiny at all. In fact, it has a nice number of tables, comfortable leather booths, bar seating, and even an elevated semi-private dining area. Crisp white tablecloths line some tables, while others happily bared their rustic wooden characteristics. Touches of red here and there, a buddha sitting peacefully in a corner, and a large painting of a geisha on the back wall tie it all together. It works! I especially love the Pinterest-like paper boats inside the decorative wall niches. I wanted to take some home with me! (I didn't...don't get any ideas Marisol!)You know what else surprised me? Excellent service! My girlfriend and I had a two hour lunch. Service was perfect. More water (when I didn't even realize i needed it)? Sure! You want to take your time ordering? No problem! You want to keep the menu? Go ahead. You want it spicier? Of course! All with a smile. They did not bring the check until we asked for it (I hate feeling rushed). Once we asked, they brought it over immediately. We started with the traditional and complimentary Peruvian toasted dried chulpe corn (cancha), instead of bread. Crispy and salty, yum! On a whim, I decided I wanted cold sake. Our waiter said he had just put some in the refrigerator and that it would not be cold enough yet. However, "give me a second", he said. Seconds later, he arrived with an ice bucket and my sake just begging to be chilled! Yes! The lunch menu is pretty large: rolls, soups, tapas, salads, ceviches, entrees, and desserts. As expected, all of the choices were Peruvian or Japanese. Miso soup next to a chupe de camarones? Why not?For starters, we shared the ceviche mixto. The taste was just right and it was also the perfect size. Next, we shared the tuna avocado roll. We requested it spicy and of course, they were happy to oblige. For our main course, we asked to share the seco de res. They (happily) split it for us. Although plating was very simple, the taste was "homecooked good." Was there a loving grandma in the kitchen cooking all of this? It sure tasted that way!Although not full when we arrived, almost every seat was taken by the time we left a couple of hours later. I guess Weston-ers enjoy late lunches! I am waiting to (hopefully) up this review to a 5 once I have tried their dessert, coffee, and maybe visited for dinner too. I can't wait to return VERY soon!
<review# 14,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2014,11/12/2014,59,85,2,5,6>As a big fan of Gator Boys & especially Jimmy, coming to this BBQ restaurant is always a pleasure. From the pictures of the Gator Boys to the TVs showing episode after episode of the show to the big tank with three live baby gators, this restaurant makes you feel like you are in BBQ Heaven.The menu is made up of just about anything that you would expect from a BBQ restaurant such as delicious BBQ chicken, pulled pork, pulled beef, burgers, multiple types of ribs and lots of garlic toast.  They have a unlimited salad bar and plenty of appetizers.  My personal favorite app is the corn nuggets served with brown sugar butter.  The amount of food that they give you is always too much (but it is a good thing).  There are almost always leftovers that taste as good the next day.Recently I've had unlimited BBQ Ribs for $16.49.  They bring out 6-8 at a time.  Some times they are perfect but other times they have been over-cooked and a little tough.  The flavor, when cooked right, is excellent and the meat comes off of the bone as The layout is 2 distinct sections which I like because it cuts down on some of the noise but one of the sections has tables instead of booths, which I prefer.The service is adequate but never fantastic unless you are a regular & know something.  It's not like they are not nice but they usually aren't that talkative.  I must admit, I do like the fact that the owner does come out ofter to check on everyone.  He seems like a nice guy who takes a lot of pride in his (and Jimmy's) restaurant.
<review# 15,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2014,11/11/2014,442,433,9,11,7>Yello is currently a small space with big dreams. (The w is silent. And invisible.) They currently offer a variety of dance and yoga classes but will soon incorporate both raw and cooked plant-based foods as well as an art gallery and performance space. To call me uncoordinated is an understatement. I generally have control over my limbs, just not over all of them at the same time. I recently took a belly dance class here led by SaFire and was surprised at a) how much I sweat b) how much of a workout it was and c) that I didn't fall once. (Although admittedly some of my moves were more "seizure" than "sexy.") It was fun & fast-paced but the instructor will break things down or give you one-on-one help if you're struggling a bit. Basically what I'm trying to say is that if I can do it, anyone can! BOTTOM LINE: Get in on the ground floor of this eclectic establishment as it continues to grow!
<review# 16,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2014,11/10/2014,282,192,4,5,5>What a great experience. I had never had hibachi before. I'm an extremely picky eater but I'm trying to broaden my horizons. My boyfriend and I went with his cousin and girlfriend who were regulars.We got our Miso Soup and salad with ginger dressing first. The Miso soup was delicious. I didn't think I would like the ginger dressing but surprisingly I did. Then....the show began. The chef came over and asked everyone if they had been there before. If you want a better show, tell them you're a first timer. He definitely messed with me more because I said I had never done hibachi before. He was hilarious, which I wasn't really expecting. It was a little unfortunate that the other people at the table with us were Debbie Downers who couldn't even crack a smile. Why go to hibachi if you don't enjoy it?? Anyway,  The fried rice was better than any fried rice I've had before. The chicken and what they call the "yummy" sauce was absolute heaven. The service was excellent. As soon as any of our glasses were half full, someone was there right away to refill them. I don't think I've ever experienced that at a restaurant before.I think this place might turn me into a hibachi junkie.
<review# 17,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2014,11/9/2014,287,379,4,6,6>This location opened about two weeks ago and is a welcome addition to the latest in the new spurt of Greek places in West Boca. They have a very simple menu, with a "create your own" meal or platter.  The CYO selection of pita sandwich/wrap, salad or bowl; next select a protein (gyro, chicken, pork, beef, fish, vegetarian) and then add a spread (spicy feta, hummus, caviar, eggplant, yogurt). The platter is a bit more expensive, but is pretty much the protein with Greek salad, fries or lemon potatoes or rice, pita and choice of spread.  In addition to typical soft drinks, they also serve Greek beer and wine.  As for my order, I ordered the bowl, with gyro and spicy feta. The bowl comes with a generous portion of rice chickpeas, tomatoes, tzatziki, onions, peppers and kasseri cheese.  The gyro meat was excellent, however a little to thick of a cut.  It would be better if it was thinner and would also stretch out the amount of meat you get with the meal.  Also, we ordered a side of fries that were a bit underdone.That being said this place has a lot of potential.  They may have some kinks to work out, but the people are friendly and our meal came out pretty darn fast. Also, for a small $1.25 charge they deliver.  Would definitely return.
<review# 18,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2014,11/8/2014,750,93,5,10,9>Just perfect Cuban food at a great price. Listen fellow Yelpers, I rarely give 5 stars to anyone but this place really has the best Cuban food for the best prices (lunch menu) I have ever had.  I highly recommend Little Havana for lunch and will soon return for dinner to further opine.   I came to Little Havana while using Yelp to find a Cuban place in Deerfield Beach (happened to be in the area). With 4 Stars it seemed like a pretty good bet. From the lunch menu I ordered the Currasco Steak and my GF ordered the fried chicken chunks (cucharonnes de pollo). The steak was simply excellent and the rice and beans were extremely good. My GF raved about the chicken but once she tasted my steak I knew we were coming back soon for another lunch. The Steak was $9.99 on the lunch menu which is about half the price of other restaurants. The total bill for three people was about $40, a really fair deal.  The ambiance of the restaurant is perfect. Nicely decorated and very clean. Last but not least, the service was excellent. I just can't say enough about this place and I intend to return frequently. A wholly deserved 5 Stars.
<review# 19,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2014,11/7/2014,271,213,5,7,5>We stopped by here while being in the Delray area to visit friends and wanted to grab a late bite.  The decor is a bit eclectic imo; it has very modern industrial lighting, but the tables and chairs remind you of an amusement park cafeteria for some strange reason. The walls have no paintings except an illuminated brick wall.   The experience: The staff was friendly yet not very attentive. Our waitress only came to get the order and bring the food.  She never stopped by in between to check on us.  The menu and prices range from reasonable to pricier, but for 3 people we ended up paying about 51$, exclusive of tip.I liked their Wok menu options priced between 10 - 15 $ and with many of the dishes offering brown rice without an additional cost. I had the Ginger Stir Fry with fried Tofu and have to say that I liked the presentation, amount of food and way the veggies and tofu were cooked. When I go to a place I need the atmosphere to feel warm and inviting as well,  and unfortunately I didn't feel that at all from The Sea.
<review# 20,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2014,11/6/2014,217,135,13,17,16>So I found Casa Do Pao from reading friend's YELP reviews, and must give credit to TONY P., whose review was both informative and hysterical, and for BLUE A.'s and GLENN G.'s educational review. I still smile over Tony P's comment about "carrying a small Brazilian in his pocket" :) I surprised my partner and did not tell him where we were going (he is like a kid, and loves going to new places - anyplace - ), it was July 4 around 11am, and Brazil was playing in the FIFA game. Arrived and found a parking spot, and after seeing the expression on his face, I said "Don't worry about the run-down strip center and the exterior signage, it has gotten RAVE reviews on YELP from folks I trust, so let's check it out.".We walk in, and enter another world - a slice of Brazil -[yeah, it's southwest Boca, but we are clearly "someplace else"]. After looking around, I'm apparently the only non-Latino there, and the only LANGUAGE we hear is Portuguese.  I'm fine with that, as I have my bi-lingual Spanish speaking partner with me, and figure the staff behind the counter also speak Spanish. WRONG! But as other reviewers have remarked, all the staff are incredibly friendly, attempt to speak a little English, and I delegated the food ordering to Den, knowing he would figure it out.After securing a table - a challenge- it was packed - I sat and people watched a bit, which I love to do. Young families, multi-generational families, infants, grandparent's, guys in bathing suits getting bread and coffee on the way to the beach, and 95% of them wearing Brazil shirts from the FIFA games. IT WAS A GREAT SHOW.I had an experience, which for me, epitomized the spirit of this bakery/food shop. I was searching for milk for the coffee ($1.00 - are they for real?), and a middle aged guy realized what I was looking for, got up from his table, and walked over to me, and said in heavily accented English "they need to make more hot leche, I'll tell them behind the counter", and he proceeded to do just that! While I waiting for the warm leche to appear, 2 other patrons passed by me and made remarks about getting me some milk, and walked to the counter to explain the need. Basically, there was a WARMTH TO THE CROWD AND THE STAFF which added to my experience, which will be a reason to return, in addition to the food.As to the FOOD, the coffee was fresh and strong (with that long-awaited warm milk), the fried and baked EMPANADAS were all WARM, with lots of stuffing, and we tried chicken, beef, bacalhau, cheese, and potato. Not being over stuffed, we then went for one of their SANDWICHES, the #2, which was called the SPECIAL BRAZIL, and at $5.79, was incredible - CHICKEN, BACON WITH HAM, EGG, CHEESE, LETTUCE TOMATO AND MAYO.  By the way, the Sandwiches are described in English on a large sign behind the counter.So, if you want a place which has authentic and tasty inexpensive food, and has no issue dealing with patrons who don't speak Portuguese, and you don't mind a crowded enthusiastic environment, get yourself over there!
<review# 21,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2014,11/5/2014,76,84,4,9,6>Bicycles, drinks the coolest people in town=place in paradise. This cool concept of having a bicycle shop and  a bar together only could've being created for this awesome couple.Basically this bar/shop allows you to bring your bike inside park in the premise. Surround it  by bicycles and art make the best and most original place on Las Olas area. They have 6 different beers on tab (sam Addams, angry orchard, Guinness and there more). Also they have what I would like to say 11 different beers on bottle and a pretty good selection of wines. They dont serve food; however they are so kind and amazing and would help you to order some food from their neighbors.If you are a bicycle person  and you need to get your bike fix, a quick fix, or you just want to have a drink on the coolest places in Fort Lauderdale this your place. I recommend it 100%. Good luck to these guys on their journey
<review# 22,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2014,11/4/2014,89,68,5,8,7>I haven't had my hair done ever.  I have had it cut, but never really needed to do much with it.  Over the last couple years, I haven't been as well, so I really went downhill. My hair was so long and it was always in the way, so I figured now was the time.  It actually took me a couple weeks to build up the courage to do something.  Today, I did something and trusted Aspen with my hair.  My stylist was Ameena, and she is fantastic.  I didn't know what I wanted, I just needed a change, and Ameena would give her ideas, and I went with it!   She cut some and did nice subtle highlights and and then a follow up trim after.  Then it was onto the blow dry.  It was a very relaxing afternoon, and I forgot about work and all the stress.  She let me have a look after my hair was ready, and well, I am ecstatic.  I came home and showed my Hubby, and HE LOVES IT.  I am glad I found Aspen on Yelp and was able to use the 40 for 60 deal.  I forgot I bought it, and when they gave me the total, I almost fell over...I couldn't believe how little I paid for what I got.  Even after they reminded me of my voucher, I still feel like I got an excellent deal.  Everyone of the staff were super nice too. I felt very comfortable there, and the customers seemed to all be enjoying themselves too.  The hair styles I saw done for the other customers looked amazing.  If you can't get Ameena, I wouldn't hesitate to recommend anyone else there. Thanks to Yelp I found a place to get my hair done that I love!
<review# 23,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2014,11/3/2014,263,36,5,12,15>Last Friday I had lunch and dinner at this great place. It seems a little too much, but this is how much I enjoyed my experience there.I usually check what's new and has good ratings around me so I can check it out, and I had noticed the good reviews and the enthusiasm of the customers on this venue so I decided to give it a try so I told a friend about it and we went together for llunch.Their decoration follows the actual wave of cool, clean, industrial look the burguer joints are doing today. They are a small restaurant so they went for a big collective table in the middle of the store and seating areas on the bar, by the entrance, and a few tables outside.We were greated a few minutes after we got there for drinks and we ordered fried pickles, and cheese fritters. It all came fast and we ordered the hamburger sliders for both of us with an order of sweet potato fries to share. My cheese fritters were fine, not to grease and they came with honey mustard to deep in, but I prefered it plain without skinny deeping. I tried my friend's fried pickles and they were good, long, crunchy, and salty. Our sliders came a while after and they tasted really good. They had a barbecued steak taste, and were just little pieces of heaven. The bun tasted just perfect embracing and enhancing the patty's taste. My fries never came, instead they brought me tater tots, that I particularly don't like so the waitress apologized for the mistake, and left it for free for us to eat if we wanted. I tried a couple with their homemade ketchup, I still keep not caring for tater tots, but I really liked their catchup. It has the bump consistency of a pasta sauce with the sweet, fresh taste of catchup. Our lunch was really good!At night I went back, now with my daughter after our movie night and we had the Tucker's burger and the Fido burger. I loved their presentation, they come with a knife holding the hamburguer, and they are BIG! I found the same good taste of steak to the hamburguer, nicely cooked (medium to well), the patty was juicy and flavorful. I asked it to come with bacon, (mine was the Fido) and it doesn't come with bacon, only crunchy onions (small fried and seasoned onions), cheese, lettuce, tomato,  and pickles. My daughter had the Tucker's and it come with double patties, onion rings, cheese, lettuce, tomate,a nd pickles. It was also very good.I loved that they also carry craft beers, and they have now the Funky Buddha Floridian (my favorite right now!) so I 've got to say that I ended my Friday the best possible way. I spoke to their manager and in a few weeks they will start a brunch menu (Sat-Sun 11 am-3pm) with bottonless mimosas and the whole nine yards. Right now they are working on the menu and also on the permit to add extra seating on the outside area.I cannot forget the dessert! Yes, we had their amber's smores, a homemade cracker with chocolate/rum, vanilla ice cream, caramel and marshmellow. I 'm not a fan of marshmellow, but really liked the combination cracker/ vanilla ice cream, and to my delight the marshmellow was hidden in the meddle of the crackers so my daughter made the honors and I just enjoyed the corners!I'm now a fan of this spot, if you can you should stop by and give it a try. I can't wait for their brunch to start, but I will definitely stop by again before it."MUST ADD BOOKMARK"
<review# 24,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2014,11/2/2014,52,30,5,9,8>I JUST had an out of body experience. I get regular massages at a massage place; however, this foot salon caters to your tootsies (and neck and shoulders) leading one in my opinion, to nirvana.It's my birthday today 6/27, so it was a wonderful gift that will definitely bring me back for not only myself, but for gift certificates and gift options for others in my life.The facility is very clean, comfortable and an extremely Zen-like atmosphere.  The room was the perfect temperature; NOT too cold, NOT too warm...like Goldilocks said, "Just right"!  A blanket was draped across my legs enveloping me in coziness which was presented in a reclining leather chair. Prior to this service, my feet were placed in a lined (for hygienic purposes) basket of warm water to soak while the knots in my neck and shoulder were released of their tension. It was truly delightful to the point that the 30 minute total experience led me to an automatic smile on my face leaving me content yet, also yearning for it to never end and the wanton feeling of wishing to exclaim out loud, "MORE please"!Will I return to this magical paradise?You bet ya!!!
<review# 25,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2014,11/1/2014,930,225,8,12,13>Baby hot, hot, hot!!!' That's the beauty of Thai cuisine, you can order it hot,hot,hot and yet the other flavors are still prominent.  This is a itty bitty Thai restaurant right in downtown Boca Raton near Mizner Park.  I absolutely adored the interior of the restaurant with mirrors adorned on all walls with minimalist Asian inspired elegant furnishings. The important details: In my South Florida living, it's been tough finding good quality Thai cuisine.  Now for sure, this restaurant is going to fulfill my Thai cravings.  Two things I would definitely like to recommend.  The chili calamari appetizer is amazing but I wish the portion was a bit bigger but maybe I'm just being greedy! In entrees I definitely recommend the drunken noodles with shrimp.  I did not want to share any with the hubs since it was that good.  They have a diverse variety of curry entrees to choose from with different kinds of protein you can choose from. I tried the panang curry with shrimp. which was decent but I liked the drunken noodle entree better. They also make phenomenal ramen but I did not try it this time.  I would recommend doing reservations, they  are busy in the evening time !
<review# 26,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2014,10/31/2014,178,280,6,17,15>I had been to the old Burgers and Suds location on Commercial and enjoyed the experience, so when I noticed via Yelp they had moved I took a look at their menu and also noticed with the move seemed to come a few new additions, so I made a note to make sure to try it soon in the future since I work nearby. As Savanna M mentioned the location is not exactly easy to find. The blue dot Yelp has on the map doesn't exactly correspond to its location and google maps seemed to be having a similar issue. I'm not sure I could explain exactly how to get there as McNab road is still somewhat of a mystery to me with all its parts that don't connect, but definitely follow Savanna's advice and put one of the other nearby locations in your GPS if you're on the way. We arrived a little before noon on a Friday and I immediately noted how much larger this location is. At the previous location if you weren't there early you had pretty much no hope of sitting with a group and most of the seating was outside. The new location has a large bar area (the bar was made of brick..kind of cool looking) as well as a decent sized dining room with booths and tables and a few outdoor patio seats. It has somewhat of a divey feel, but the food is great so I don't judge the atmosphere all that much,Speaking of the food on this particular trip I was deciding between the Wilson (a burger with mac and cheese and bacon!) or the Noreaga (it has chimichurri sauce!). I went with the Noreaga because I somehow reasoned to myself that it was healthier. The burgers take a little longer than your average burger place, but when you bite into them it is obvious that they are fresh and made to order. The meat has a good flavor to it and the bun was a nice texture. I liked the chimichurri sauce a lot and thought it's garlicky/vinegary flavor complimented the burger well. There was a pretty giant piece of red onion on my burger, and I do like to get my veggies but this was a lot of onion. It was easy to remove a little of it to make it more to my liking, but if you don't love onion you may want to evaluate the situation before you take a bite. For sides they have a ton of choices. The last time I was here I went with onion rings and liked them but wasn't in love so I ordered regular fries instead. I had kind of wished I stuck with the onion rings, but the fries did have a nice seasoning to them, but I wish they had been a little more well done. People rave about the sweet potato fries here, and I have to admit they are some of the best sweet potato fries I've tried, but I'm just not crazy about sweet with my meals, I much prefer savory and salty. You also could chose a salad, mac and cheese, or rice and beans, so this isn't an ordinary burger/fry experience by any means,Our waitress was quite efficient and friendly and did a great job handling everyone as the lunch rush started to pick up. I will definitely be back as I don't think I can avoid trying the mac and cheese burger at some point, and now that we got lost once, we know where it is, so it should be much easier next time.
<review# 27,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2014,10/30/2014,695,2029,6,19,13>Though it really isn't very much of a place, I'm going to have to go Five Stars on Alchemy because there isn't another establishment like it within Wilton Manors offering a no hype, no overly commercial or gimmick free "chill out" environment like it. Hence, for what it is, as good as it gets. It isn't a place that you'd go to for lunch or dinner though they do serve small open face like sandwiches termed "slicers," which are something to nibble on, plus coffee, teas, coconut water and other drinks, nor a place to get in with the "in crowd," or one of those places to "see and be seen." What it really is, in my opinion, is a quiet respite of a place, a place to sit back, chill out, get away from it all or have casual intimate conversation with friends. Being located in a hidden somewhat reclusive setting at the end of NE 13th Avenue next to Eucalyptus Gardens in what appears to be a revamped portion of a nursery area, it has a tranquil charm all of its own. Matter of fact, to me, reminiscent of some of the hippie or Rainbow communal hangouts of the early seventies.
<review# 28,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2014,10/29/2014,314,82,8,9,9>You probably drove by this place a few times, not realizing what good Cuban food lies ahead. There's barely parking spots in the front but there's more behind the building. The waitresses are always friendly and attentive. I order pretty much the same entree every time - Pollo a la Plancha con tostones y ensalada (boneless chicken breast with friend plantains and salad). Depending on my mood, I may switch from their tostones for rice and beans. Despite the name of this restaurant, I actually love their RED beans more! I've also come here for their breakfast. Tried their pancakes, not impressed. I do enjoy  their egg omelet with sweet plantains - the only thing I order now for breakfast. Their fresh squeezed OJ is nice. Cafe con leche is also prepared good. The length of time to pay has only been lengthy during breakfast time. That appears to be their busiest point of their day. But I can forgive that because of their consistence in the quality of their food & friendly staff.
<review# 29,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2014,10/28/2014,108,12,5,7,7>I live right around the corner from D'Angelo's and thought it was just a pizza place until some friends told me otherwise! Called on Friday evening for a Saturday night reservation, no problem, when we arrived at 8pm, we were seated and I was a little nervous, the restaurant only had a few customers, however, by the time we left, not an empty seat! Our server was awesome! He recommended some wine and even brought me some too taste before ordering...he also brought out a glass of their homemade Sangria, just for feedback...it was delish! We started off with the Antipasto and Buffalo Mozzarella for the table, both were a huge hit! Two of us at the table ordered one of the specials 'Lobster Oreganato'...stuffed main lobster tail cooked to perfection with a side of Pesto Pasta. The pasta was amazing. I took 1/2 home and and hour later dug into it, I was so full but couldn't leave it sitting in the fridge, it was screaming my name! My husband ordered the Filet and enjoyed it. My girlfriend ordered another special, can't recall exactly what it was, a fish dish, and she also enjoyed it.  For desert we ordered the Chocolate Mouse Cake...so light and airy! The table next to us ordered a pizza which looked and smelled incredible. My husband and I are planning on returning to try a few more appetizers and pizza...can't wait! Although a bit pricey, I'm glad it's just not a 'pizza place'...perfect for date night!
<review# 30,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2014,10/27/2014,246,21,1,11,4>So I was on PGA blvd with time to kill and knowing I badly needed mani/pedi I decided to stop in the first place I saw.  I spotted the sign for the Painted Nail and walked in without an appointment.Just as promised the woman whom I assume is the owner came over to take me to the technician after a five minute wait- I was asked what service I preferred first , an option I thought was nice to be given and I decided to have my nails done first so they had extra time to dry before having to drive again. After years of having acrylics done I was shocked to see a new process being done, rather than the powder being mixed on a brush and painted on they simply dip my each nail into the powder after painting a very thin coat of glue onto the nail , the finished effect was more consistent than the old method with every nail receiving the exact same thickness of acrylic . BOTTOM LINE, my new pink and white's are perfection and I will only have my nails done this way in the future.Then my manicure technician Lee stayed with me and actually did my pedicure as well, again best pedicure I've had. The massage chairs were comfortable with the foot bath protected with a disposable liner removed after each client so its always sanitized and clean.The lighting was dimmed and I was offered tea , water or coffee twice while relaxing to soothing spa styled music. I decided to have the deluxe pedicure with extra massage time and paraffin,  I'm not sure what the price difference was for this upgrade but to me it was priceless because at the end of the pedicure I felt truly relaxed and my feet were softer than ever. Each pedicure station has its own iPad set up for your entertainment but honestly I was so lost in the R&R of it all I never used it.Overall I think this place is fantastic and I'll be driving to PGA from now on just to see Lee at the Painted Nail!
<review# 31,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2014,10/26/2014,129,522,5,9,6>It was love at first bite... There's a story about a girl who longs for good, authentic Italian food. She has searched high and low through the various towns where she lives. Day after day this girl searches but to no avail. Her hopes of finding this dream restaurant are fading, waning, really, dying. Finally, one day a new restaurant is suggested and based on Yelp reviews she agrees to give it a fair chance. When girl meets restaurant, it's done. She has fallen in love. And they ate happily ever after. The end. That girl is me. Sosta is almost surreal to me. After having traveled through Italy and tasted true Italian cooking, my husband and I were never satisfied with this fake, Americanized versions of Italian food. Large portions (to account for the terrible taste I assume) and terrible executions. Period.This is real authentic Italian cuisine. Don't expect ginormous Olive Garden-like portions. These dishes are normal size portions (which is GREAT!). The food is just delicious, fresh, just perfect. We had the vegetable lasagna and the ravioli alfredo. I couldn't stop repeating how great it was. I mean, I was literally blown away. The dessert we had was a berry tart with filling. Ooff. So good. The atmosphere is very cool. Very modern and lovely. The owners were so kind and friendly, very attentive and pleasant. 100% 5 Stars. HIGHLY recommended.__________________________________________________­________________________2nd Visit:Spectacular once again. Try the Bolognese Ravioli. Still dreaming about it. Tiramisu... two words: LIGHT AND FLUFFY!OMG IT'S SO FLUFFY I'M GOING TO DIEEEEEEEE!
<review# 32,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2014,10/25/2014,129,102,5,6,4>When I moved to Fort Laudy 7 months ago, I didn't find a need to wash my car because it rained all the time. Why give my whip a scrub down when it'll just get dirty again the next day? But then my poor car started getting really grimy.  The interior started accumulating dust and leaves and sand from the beach. And then last week, I spilled hazelnut coffee all over my trunk and it started to reek of a bad combination of milk and java. It was time to give my car a little love and attention. The car wash area is quite small, situated next to a semi-hidden gas station. I went on a Saturday afternoon around noon, and there were so many other cars there waiting in line to get washed. I felt like I was in line to get into a hot nightclub. The employee walked up to my window and suggested I should get the Executive Package, which specifically targets the interior of your car. This package was $60. TOTALLY worth it. Not even joking, my car stunk so bad from the coffee spill. But all of my carpets were washed and steamed including the carpet floor of my trunk! They washed down the inside of the car and cleaned my seats. On top of that, my exterior was shiny and the wheels were black again (not gray)! This particular wash with the multitude of cars in front of me took about an hour in all. I left the car wash with happy nose, thanks to the lemony scent they put in my car. I'll definitely be back for another car wash sooner than later. I'm never going 7 months without a wash ever again. Lesson learned.
<review# 33,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2014,10/24/2014,41,54,3,7,3>I met up with some friends and was finally able to stop by and give this place try. Green Bar & Kitchen is a nice addition to the area, especially since there are not many vegetarian or vegan restaurants in Fort Lauderdale. I ordered the buffalo tempeh and loved it! The buffalo sauce spicy was delicious, the texture of the tempeh was nice and firm, and the bread fresh. I will definitely order this again, but will see if they can toast the bread just for some added texture/crunch. One of my friends ordered the garlic hummus wrap and said it was amazing. Another ordered the mac & cheese, which is spiraled zucchini with a cheese sauce... Doesn't really taste cheesy (taste more like a tangy dressing, reminiscent of the tang you would get from cheddar cheese) but it's still delicious. The only thing that I was not a big fan of was the dehydrated flax crackers that came with another friend's garlic hummus. The crackers were not very crunchy and I had a slightly bitter aftertaste. I am not letting that affect my overall rating since it was not something that I ordered personally. Overall... I will definitely come back and really looking forward to trying one of their veggie burgers. Oh... I should probably talk about their staff/service... No complaints! The young lady who took my order was extremely nice and friendly, and gave me some good feedback when I asked for some suggestions on what to order. Please give it a try!!
<review# 34,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2014,10/23/2014,342,260,8,12,10>It's time for my 200th review and I always like the milestones to be special....and this is a special place!We met some friends here, just for fun.  Neither of us had been to Lighthouse Point before, so it was a nice opportunity to explore a new area.This little restaurant is hidden away at the marina.  It's a bit convoluted getting there, but well worth it.  The view of the harbor was lovely and made for a very warm feeling gathering.The first thing out was the appetizer du jour, in this case a bowl of mussels in a creamy jalapeño cheese  sauce.  I have never been a fan of mussels or jalapenos and to put them in a blue cheese sauce sounded, well....weird.  But, being an adventurous soul, I tentatively spooned one out and took a slice of delicious bread.  OH MY!  How wrong first impressions can be!!  I could have eaten the entire bowl and gone for a couple of more.  It was unbelievable good.  The slices of peppers were mild and added a light crunch to the perfectly cooked mussels and creamy sauce.  The layers of flavor were magnificent!Moving on, the next one was a goat cheese and garlic app.  I don't like goat cheese.  Not in the same way that I'm not a fan of mussels, I really DON'T like goat cheese.  But I like to give everything a shot, so I took one of the roasted garlic cloves.  It tasted like goat cheese.  But the people who do like the cheese said it was a very good dish.Then came some edemame.  "Bland," you say?  Not this.  Still in the shell and steamed to perfection, it was bathed in a sauce of sesame oil, soy, onions, garlic, red pepper flakes and sprinkled with sesame seed.  It was delicious!One more yummy appetizer - the tuna wontons.  The lightly smoked tuna with the house sauce and veggie toppings were cool and crunchy.  Definitely a must try.Then came time for a difficult choice - the entree.  I finally decided on the lobster roll.  This is something I love, but almost never get to have.  It was the only area of the night that I thought could use some improvement.  The lobster tasted like it had been frozen, it didn't have a lot of sweetness and was overall bland.  The roll, while good, needed to be toasted and buttered rather than served plain.  I wouldn't order it again. Ordinarily, I would probably deduct a star for this but there was an offsetting feature to this place....So few restaurants here cater to dogs, but this one does. They have a "Yappy Hour" menu that gives your canine companion about half a dozen choices from skirt steak to bacon strips.  It's all grilled, without seasoning, cut into bite size chunks and served table-side in a dawg bowl.  This is definitely a winning feature that easily earns that 5th star.So, if you're looking for a great night out, don't hesitate to give this a try.  But I'd call ahead to make sure they have the mussel appetizer.  :)
<review# 35,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2014,10/22/2014,62,129,5,13,14>The only disappointing thing about this restaurant is that my wife and I had not tried it sooner. We started with the Bang Bang Scallops, three U8 to U10 scallops with halved Brussels Sprouts in a garlic miso butter. They were so fantastic we ordered another one with a side of jasmine rice to soak up the sauce. And that is how I recommend you order it, unless you're on a low-carb diet, then I recommend just using a spoon. And, before I go on to something else, imagine a rich miso soup with crisp fried garlic tossed with steamed tender Brussels sprouts and huge scallops. I was surprised to see these "Bang Bang" mollusks weren't bathed in tempura batter as in the "Bang Bang" Shrimp we will soon tire of at other eateries. I confess I ordered them thinking that was what I was going to get but thankfully, Dapur's intelligent branding saved me from myself (or at least an extra 200 calories and 20 grams of fat).The next-best thing we had was the Hot Tuna Tower - a nice use of alliteration - that is founded on jasmine rice, Haas avocado slices, a crab mayonnaise salad, topped with spiced and diced tuna. The Eggplant small plate was good but the least of our favorites. Korean short ribs were tasty. My wife loved them. Cocktails: The Forever Young martini with Absolut Acai, Veev Acai liqueur, Pom Wonderful et al was excellent. The Dartmoor was excellent as well. A top shelf gin martini with cucumber, St Germain Elderflower liqueur, and fresh lemon. We knew Edi from Galanga had opened this but we were remiss in following him here. The quality is extraordinary in food and the service was excellent also, even though our server was new. At least, when he couldn't answer our questions he came back quickly with an answer. The busser Tuesday night July 29 was exceptional. He filled our waters countless times, wiped our table, and cleared our plates. In service, what you are aware of,  you produce. And he was definitely aware of us throughout our visit. Give that busboy a raise!We discovered too late for this visit that they have a Tuesday special of BOGO sushi. I've heard the Lobster Crunch Roll is a favorite. As I put on my sunglasses to leave, I said, "I'll be back".
<review# 36,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2014,10/21/2014,215,252,3,7,7>Dropped in one sunny afternoon since we wanted to try a little bar that's tucked away from the touristy Atlantic Ave. We noticed this as soon as we saw Vino Van Gogh was next to it (and Bamboo Cafe). Those two have been bookmarked for some time now. Fabulous music was already playing outdoors as we stepped out of the car. Cozy DIY pallet seats and table are set up outside with 2 TVs. We were greeted by a colorful man that then explained the whole idea behind Beer Trade Co's beer serving. Basically, they have half of a wall of glass window fridges stocked with mainly craft beer and a couple of regulars. They have canned beer, bottled beer, 40 ozs, small and big bottles of wine, and also non-alcoholic beverages for the DDs and kids. The unique thing about this place is that there is no "bar" and "bartender" as you only have to walk up to the fridge and grab a beer without having to wait to get the server's attention and keep your buzz going. As we chose our beer, we noticed that they are not at all marked with prices... unless it's the last one which we noticed were $3. So there was no way to identify if we were getting expensive beer. Could have asked, but didn't. We sat down indoors and ordered some lunch. My husband is a fan of wings while I am a fan of spicy chicken. Ordered the wings and I ordered the spicy chicken wrap with the ranch on the side. The wings almost looked burnt, but the server explained that it's the lager they use to make the beer batter that makes it look like that. My husband took a bite and smiled. He loved it and how different it was from the other "beer battered" wings he's had. Crispy and flavorful. My wrap consisted of chopped fried chicken, cucumbers and carrots wrapped in a white tortilla. I was a bit let down because it turned out that the spicy part of the "spicy chicken wrap" is the ranch which I requested to be put to the side as I am not a fan of ranch at all. It was okay, the frying could have been pulled back a bit and I would have preferred a flavored (spinach or tomato) and slightly grilled tortilla. I think the next time I ask for a wrap, I'll see if they can do a grilled version instead. As for the need of spiciniess, I added the Sriracha hot sauce that was on the table already. The fries that came with my meal were actually really good.The bill came, and yep, while we were unsure of how much our beers were before hand, the bill was a bit expensive like almost $6 per bottle of beer..... but I guess the low priced menu and amazing music (that was already on my playlist) balanced everything out. Oh yeah, they have 4 tvs indoors, too.Despite the $$$ of beer, we very likely will return for the uniqueness, wings, and artsy environment. Just remember to ask and see if there's craft beer options that's within your price range.
<review# 37,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2014,10/20/2014,943,262,6,10,8>***Levy's should get bonus stars! The pastrami was so delicious, I don't think I will ever have better.  The waiter, a super nice guy, explained that the owner got this new type a while back and it's the French type of pastrami.  They gave us a sample and I could have just eaten a plate of that and been happy for the rest of the night.  The hummus was freshly made, smooth and delicious.  The pita is thick, soft and warm.  This is not your typical store bought pita bread.  The waiter brought us a sample of different spreads and the eggplant one was a huge hit with my boyfriend.  We ordered the pastrami burger.  If you didn't see the photos yet, go look at the size of that thing!  It is a mountain of quality beef burger and pastrami with grilled onions and coleslaw on the side.  The fries are the best I have had in South Florida, see the photo.  They are thin sliced and fried as if your grandmother made them from scratch.  The beef pita was made with the best and cleanest cut of meat.  They bring you a platter with chopped tomato, cucumber and sesame tahini dressing to dress it with.  As if we didn't have enough, the waiter tells us about their poppy seed cake and I had to try it.  We got one to go and it is soft and delicious, not too sweet but something you would love with a good cup of coffee.  I found this place because we were shopping at Crown Liquor last week.  I saw two Hollywood police pull into the parking lot one right after the other and park. I said, they have to be eating somewhere good.  As we were leaving, I saw the sign for Levy's and looked it up on Yelp.  Over 80 Yelpers rate this place great but you will never know exactly how outrageously good it is until you taste the food yourself.
<review# 38,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2014,10/19/2014,267,78,4,17,14>By far the BEST brunch I have ever seen and/or ate at! We have been a couple times just for brunch and it never disappoints. Starting off with unlimited Bloody Mary's or Mimosas, both of which are very good and stay filled throughout your meal! The brunch buffet selection is very expansive and offers a great variety of food between breakfast and lunch. On the buffet you will find sushi, a raw bar with oysters on the half shell; peel and eat shrimp; and crab legs, pastries and bread section, omelette station, pasta station, seafood chowder and gumbo, waffles/French toast, meat carving station, lots of different breakfast foods, several antipastos and a great dessert section that includes a chocolate fountain! They have it all!! On top of all of that they also have 5-6 small plates that you can order from! Valet parking is $3. Brunch is a well worth $53 a person. All brunch seating is outside on the covered patio! Make sure to make reservations! They open at 10:30 for Sunday Brunch! Overall, this place is fantastic! Service is on point, the view is simply perfect, and the food is fantastic! I recommend anyone looking for the best brunch out there to check this place out!
<review# 39,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2014,10/18/2014,194,146,4,10,10>This whole infusion burger thing is genius! I stopped in on Sunday, June 1st and it happened to be their grand opening. We were enthusiastically greeted by John who like a child in a candy store began rattling off about their burgers, their flavors, their concepts, their awesomeness. Somewhere in between all this I caught a glimpse of the  Bacon Coffee Burger infused with coffee, bacon & brown sugar...WOW! You had me at brown sugar...Ordered the burger and some kettle fries at John's request who again was suuuuuuuper excited about life. We learned they use certified angus beef and according to John you lose weight as you eat cause its that good for you. The burger arrived along with our kettle fries and it was all that and more! John suggested we try some sriracha sauce (some kind of pink sauce) I put it on my burger, put it on my fries, put some on my face...pink sauce errrrrrythang! The pink sauce, the burger it was awesome! The kettlefries were perfect, the burger was not greasy which is such a change from the usual burger bar type joints...and I could actually taste the flavors it advertised with every bite. I tasted coffee, i tasted sweet, I tasted too much goodness and I cant wait to go back for more. This place also advertises frozen custard. I didn't save room for that since I was headed to Mojo's but will definitely try it next time and keep you posted.
<review# 40,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2014,10/17/2014,143,33,6,7,8>Wow was I surprised! I had a long morning at work so I skipped breakfast. I wanted to eat somewhere different from the usual places. I only have 30 mins to get lunch so my choices are usually limited. Today I wanted to eat in a different place. I probably drive by this place everyday but for whatever reason I never stop to check it out. Maybe it was the run down down look of the building, but today I had that "Yolo" mind set and decided to go in.lol  My first impression was wtf? Yes, it's a smoking bar that was not very well lit and the furniture was really old and out dated. They have pool tables and a really long bar. Not much of a dinning area. So I decided to get food to go. I ordered the chicken fajita and 20 wings for my co-workers. I was amazed by how good everything was. The vegetables on my fajita were surprisingly fresh and the flavors were out of this world! I really didn't expect this at all. I will never judge another restaurant by the appearance. I won't be eating in there anytime soon, but I will definitely keep getting lunch to go there. I give 4 star for the food only! If you're in this are give it a try
<review# 41,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2014,10/16/2014,100,101,7,10,8>I search out Japanese Buffets and I'm not ashamed to admit it. I love sushi but unfortunately my husband is not a fan. He loves Chinese and Hibachi and I can take it or leave it, which is why buffets like Osaka are a good compromise for the two of us. Yes, The sushi is never 5 star at these types of restaurants but they make up for it in pricing and variety and isn't that why most of us go in the first place? The restaurant was spotless. I was not only impressed with the dining area but they were on top of the buffet area and constantly wiping it down. After making a mess with a plate of crab legs I went into the restroom to wash my hands and it was immaculate and smelled like fresh baked cookies. Major points there!I started with a plate of sushi and they had pretty good choices as well as a yummy seaweed salad and tons of shellfish. One thing they had that I never saw at a buffet before was fish tacos. How cool! I didn't eat any but I thought that was a fun item to add to the mix.  Hot food options were great too. They had plenty of vegetable only dishes and both men I was with loved the choices of beef. They each got a plate from the hibachi station and loved it. They have more protein choices then most ( chicken, steak, calamari,and shrimp) but they were lacking the lo mein and rice to go under the stir fry mix. Yes, they had fried rice by the Chinese food but it looked plain and frankly it's just not the same as it all being created before you. I tried the Korean beef and scallion pancakes since the guy working the grill said I had to. The beef was lean and delicious but the pancakes had too much butter for me to taste anything else. Cool idea though.I usually stay away from the dessert area cause it's really not my thing at these types of places but since it was my first visit I grabbed a few. Ice cream sundae was fun with chocolate syrup and sprinkles. Creme brulee was not good. It was cold so not really edible. Guys liked the chocolate fountain with marshmallows to dip and they had a decent selection of cookies and fruit.Our waitress was outstanding. Super friendly, always smiling and never left a drink empty. For 3 of us it cheap. I think with tip it was under $70.00.I'll be back for sure. I would have given 5 stars with out a doubt if they had lo mein, eggs and fried rice at the hibachi area. That may be the only reason we don't put Osaka in heavy rotation.
<review# 42,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2014,10/15/2014,251,395,21,26,22>Yes! Wow!! 6 or 7 of us stumbled into Stache last Friday evening.   Within the entry hall to Stache is Mangez, the most awesome little pop up crepe spot.   I immediately started rambling on about my drunken love of crepes after a night out and headed to the bar.   One of the group had been keeping up with our alcohol consumption but hadn't eaten as much before hand so after getting my next libation I stumbled back into the Stache hallway and found her sensibly ordering a crepe.  The owner explained his menu - which is very fairly priced at $5 each (add on a dollar for a few specialty toppings) while he quickly prepared her crepe.   We spent a few minutes going back and forth in our best drunken French accents arguing over the best pronunciation of the word (mostly we just said crap a lot in a Scottish accent and laughed) and up came her food. She ordered the bacon and maple syrup crepe.   Being that I wasn't hungry, and the crumbed bacon didn't look that appetizing to me, I held off.  Like vultures the rest of the group flocked to her crepe.  Everyone had a bite and swore up and down that it was worth me trying.  Wow! They were right.  I almost wanted to go and get my own.   The bacon and maple syrup (real maple syrup as the owner pointed out to me) was such an incredible taste together, shadowed only by the actual consistence of the perfect crepe!!  I talked to the owner and made sure he'd be hidden back here in the future!   I've included a menu picture which is geared towards breakfast items (he's seems well aware that many of the late night drinkers like to end the evening at 24 hour diners) but he said he'd happily make any combination your heart desires.  Can't wait to get another crepe!!
<review# 43,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2014,10/14/2014,121,100,2,10,9>What a fun place! This was one of the first restaurants I ever visited when I moved to Delray (even before then, actually), so it holds a special place in my heart.From the Grilled Brie to the Butternut Squash Ravioli to the Meatloaf, you really can't go wrong with anything on the menu here. On my first visit, I was solo and didn't have a reservation, so I sat at the bar. This was just fine. I ate the Meatloaf at the bartender's recommendation. Not something I'd probably normally choose, but it was delicious. A quick note that isn't mentioned in the menu: There's a hard-boiled egg inside. Sounds odd, but it goes.I've since had the Butternut Squash Ravioli (melt-in-your-mouth) and the Braised Short Rib (also awesome) and a handful of appetizers. Everything is delicious,and the service is great as well.The last time I went, we sat outside and it rained. Actually, no problem. They scooped everything up and sat us inside. Ever notice there's extra floor space in the bar area? That's why. It was very efficient and they were very friendly and even apologetic about it. It's South Florida. It rains. No big deal.I can't forget to mention the atmosphere. I actually prefer to sit outside because of the nice tree, twinkly lights and the fresh air. But I'm from Kansas, and I'm not used to sitting outside year-round. The whole place is just unique, so you can't beat it.Don't miss this spot off the Ave.
<review# 44,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2014,10/13/2014,566,440,5,9,6>A clean facility? Friendly, knowledgeable staff and a dog that does not dread going here and isn't traumatized when you pick him up?! I LITERALLY (read figuratively) could not ask for more in a groomer! We love this place and so does our fur baby, Moe! Dante is his groomer and you can tell he cares about the dogs he sees he's always smiling and does a great job. The whole staff here is great, they have cameras set up for the dogs in day care so you can watch them while you wait. There's a boutique as well selling all you could ever need for you pup like carriers, beds, accessories and treats! They're well priced and I love that they're also conveniently located. Bring your fur baby here with no fear!
<review# 45,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2014,10/12/2014,42,11,1,10,5>Being of Vietnamese decent, I am excited to see more exposure of this cuisine in South Florida. I stopped in to order the banh mi sandwiches to go. I ordered all 3 of the banh mi sandwiches: grilled chicken,  grilled beef and the grilled ham. The sandwich is of a substantial size that is filling. The baguette was really good, with a slight crunch to the bread in every bite. The fillings for the sandwiches were flavorful and I was pleased to see the pickled daikon and carrots, cucumber, cilantro and jalapeño condiments that make up the traditional sandwich.Basilic adds their own twist to the meat in the sandwich which I enjoyed and found inventive. My favorite of the three offered is the grilled ham. All of the sandwiches have a distinct taste so I do suggest trying all 3 at some point. At about $7.50 a sandwich, its a pretty sweet lunch deal. I would love for them to offer banh mi with thit nuong (grilled pork) or Vietnamese cold cuts with pate and mayo in the future....which is more authentic and typically offered in a more densely Vietnamese community.I also ordered their Taro bubble tea which was really delicious and hit the spot with the tapioca pearls.Basilic is a great new restaurant and the service was impeccable. I look forward to trying out the rest of the menu and plan on coming back soon.
<review# 46,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2014,10/11/2014,78,97,1,8,6>I really, really enjoyed my experience at Salon Mixx. I made my appointment with Summer and she was super friendly and knowledgeable about curly and unruly hair. She used Enjoy products on my hair which (two days later) has worked well at keeping the humidity out of my hair. Also, the products smelled delicious; just like a mixture of licorice and some other sweetness. She evened out my uneven layers and kept the mood light throughout the process. I was extremely happy with my experience at this salon and I will definitely be back next time I need my hair done. I really admire how she wasn't overwhelmed with the amount of hair that I had and took her time to make sure everything was perfect. It was like every little strand mattered and she wanted to make sure the the final product was absolutely gorgeous. I would definitely recommend this salon to anyone with lots of thick hair because not for a second did I feel like Summer wasn't quite sure what to do. She was in full control for the whole time and I'm so happy that I found her. Also, when I checked in on Yelp, I got a $5 off discount coupon. Nothing beats a great haircut and saving money!
<review# 47,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2014,10/10/2014,394,254,10,10,10>A grilled cheese sandwich is one of those things you really could make at home, but in my opinion, it's just not the same as having someone make it for you. Yes, you definitely pay more, but my God is it worth it.The set up of the place is rather confusing. It's almost like two small restaurants with a hallway in the middle. The menu isn't very big, but it's a grilled cheese place, you can't expect much, right?I ordered the bacon lollipops for the novelty of it and that's really all they're worth. Yes, we all love bacon. Yes, they tasted delicious being all covered in syrup, but for what you paid for 4 slices of bacon you really could buy a pound of bacon and make your own. I love the waffle marks on the sandwich. In my mind it makes it taste better. I've only ever had their GRINDR sandwich. No need to explain it, just get it. It's amazing.EACH SANDWICH COMES WITH THE BOMBEST (yes, I said bombest) TOMATO BISQUE. Cap's lock required for how good it is. I get mad that it's in that little cup, but really that's all you need.The Yankee fries are great IF you like Buffalo fries AND you like blue cheese. I have to go back and try a few more things. I also need to go back and hug the owner for bringing this place into my life.
<review# 48,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2014,10/9/2014,250,136,44,55,53>*** FYI - As I show in my picture of the menu - the name of the restaurant is "Arun's Indian Kichen" not "Arun's Indian Kitchen" - no "T" in it. The other listing isn't correct. *** Most of the time, I wait until I've been to a business a few times to write a review. However, this is different because the owner of this restaurant used to own Khana Kh'Zana, which is directly across the street from this restaurant. Since I have already eaten in an establishment run by these owners, I have a firm grasp on the way their food tastes and their level of service. They officially opened their doors on May 27th. It's on the south side of Sample Rd and just east of Coral Springs Dr.I was aware of the grand opening and knew I had to make it down here to grab some lunch. In fact, I made sure to eat a light breakfast because I wanted to leave room for my lunch. That's how eager I was to eat here again. I mean, it's not every day that someone comes out of retirement because a community of people, who enjoy their food so much, has practically begged them to come back. I discovered the previous restaurant because a friend of mine, who is not associated with Yelp, asked me if I wanted to go there with her for dinner one evening. It was a really good meal. I never actually got around to writing the review because, honestly, I forgot. Therefore, I'm doing it now, instead of waiting until later. It is more of a take-out restaurant. It's extremely small inside. There are a few tables inside and a couple out front. They have a big menu up on the wall, but have smaller menus to order from. I ordered the chicken tikka masala, butter naan, chicken biryani and the gulab jamun. I also ordered it at a level six/chhe - Indian six, not white person six. I have this pet peeve about the spiciness of food. I have said it before in my reviews and I'll say it again. I enjoy spicy food. Usually if I go to an Indian restaurant and tell them I want it at a certain level, they assume I can't handle the spice and tone it down by a LOT. It's annoying. I realize some places would rather put too little than too much, hence, the reason I tell them Indian spicy - not white person spicy. I go through it every time. I can only hope it comes out properly. I pay for my order and head home. Immediately upon opening the chicken biryani, the aroma of spices hit my nose. I knew at that very moment, I was about to go down memory lane and be overwhelmed with euphoria. The chicken biryani was amazing! I mean, full of flavor - had the right amount of heat - simply delicious. I have been eating Indian food for eight years now - I think I know what I'm talking about! The biryani here is even a favorite of my friend (who is Indian) and her mother cooks amazing food all the time. So, if she likes it, that's saying something. You won't be disappointed. The chicken tikka masala was great with the naan. It wasn't spicy at all though. It was perfectly creamy - Yum! The naan was plain, soft and crispy in all the right places. For dessert, I had gulab jamun. It was still warm, even though I waited until I finished everything else to eat it. I actually like it cold too. It's delicious if it's served cold. Can't wait to go back again and again! :)
<review# 49,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2014,10/8/2014,40,31,4,8,7>Came here for breakfast this morning with my boyfriend. As soon as we walked in, we were instantly greeted by every waitress with a warm welcome and were told to sit where ever we'd like. We chose to sit at the bar where we were taken care of by "France" who I believe also goes by "Frenchie". She immediately brought us menu's and 2 waters and took our drink order. I opted for their fresh squeezed OJ which was good. As we were looking over the menu, we noticed there were mostly regulars who all the waitresses knew by name. One regular sat by us at the bar and was even greeted by a waitress saying " welcome back home!". I immediately felt right at home, myself and already wanted to come back before I even placed my order. I decided on the steak and eggs. The steak was your typical NY strip steak and it came with 2 eggs and your choice of home fries, hash browns, grits and toast. I chose grits and they were the best I've had. Normally I have to slather butter and pour salt and pepper on my grits but not today! They were perfectly delicious on their own. The steak was a huge piece and I ended up taking most of it to go. My boyfriend got the western omelette with home fries. I tasted it and wished I ordered that. He said it was the best omelette he's ever had. We will definitely be back in for breakfast. Can't wait to try their lunch as well!UPDATE: just ordered a bacon egg and cheese on a plain bagel to go. When I walked in, the waitress from the previous morning remembered me and small talked with me while I cashed out. My to go order tasted just a good as it would if I ate in! This place definitely surprised me and deserves 5 stars in service as well as taste in food. I've never had such great service and seen such pleasant smiling faces from an ENTIRE staff before. This place has it all! I will be back many more times :)
<review# 50,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2014,10/7/2014,24,114,2,6,3>I came down here recently to see a comedy performance by Dana Carvey & Dennis Miller (which was a great show by the way). Parking is FREE, which is awesome and there are plenty of spaces in the garage, though you might need to do some walking if you arrive at a peak time or before a major show. You'll have the chance to stroll through the outdoor shopping/dining promenade that's part of the Hard Rock resort on your way into the venue, which is sometimes crowded but always fun."Check-in" was a breeze; just show one of the attendants your ticket and pass through the turnstile. You will also be subject to a bag/purse inspection if you're carrying anything like that inside, but better to be safe than sorry, and it only took a moment. Once we made it to the auditorium, an usher showed us to our seats. This was the first time we sat on the floor level and not in the grandstands, and I have to admit, the seats were really narrow with almost no legroom (consider yourself warned if you're very big or tall). You are literally sitting shoulder to shoulder with your seatmates. The view was good being that it was straight on, but I think it would have been roomier and more comfortable in the grandstand seats along the sides.The show was excellent. Lots of laughs, good vibes, great sound. There are two giant TV screens on the walls so you can see the action up-close. The only disappointment was that the show was far shorter than we expected, considering the ticket price, but that isn't necessarily the fault of Hard Rock Live. Afterward, we browsed around the promenade again and checked out the casino, which was really enjoyable.Overall I had a great experience here, with one or two minor drawbacks that I'll know to think twice about next time. Looking forward to seeing what talent will come here next!
<review# 51,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2014,10/6/2014,37,50,7,12,7>If Yelp allowed it, I would give this place 10 stars.  5 measly stars just doesn't seem to cut it for a review of this place.I grew up in Cleveland and moved to Florida 10 years ago.  I always missed Aladdin's Eatery and lamented that there was nothing like it in Florida.  Aladdin's always had a phenomenal selection on their menu, and it was always safe to take anyone there because there were vegan and vegetarian options.When this place opened up, I came inside and was moved to tears because FINALLY I could place an order for something I had been waiting on for nearly a decade - Aladdin's Chicken Pitza.The Pitza is an open faced pita topped with a garlic sauce, grilled chicken, green peppers, scallions, and a dijon mustard sauce.I got my meal and I went back to my desk to eat it.  When I opened my container, I took a minute to thank the Universe for bringing Aladdin's to my doorstep.  I took my first bite, and it was everything I remembered it would be.Fresh.  Everything is amazingly fresh and Aladdin's really prides themselves on that.  The pita had taste...it wasn't a cardboard disc that's been lying around someplace.  The meat was so tender and seasoned so perfectly, only to have the taste complimented by that char-grilled flavor.  Then I bit into the green pepper.  I was confused at first.  "What's this?  Is that?  OMG...I believe that is flavor.  OMG IT'S FLAVOR!!!!!"  The green peppers were truly quality peppers better than anything I have ever eaten in Florida.  The peppers were juicy and the flavor was slightly earthy just like a pepper should taste.For the first time in forever, I was genuinely happy to be eating.  I HIGHLY recommend this place for everyone.  Vegan, Vegetarian, Carnivore...whatever.  The menu can accommodate even the pickiest of eaters.  These people put more than spices and salt into this food.  Their secret ingredient is a love of fresh food that won't kill either you or your checkbook.I missed you so much, Aladdin's.  Thank you for coming to Boca.  I feel like my life is complete now that you're here.
<review# 52,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2014,10/5/2014,158,135,9,12,12>This place is really really hard to find so I'm thankful someone else drives me each time we come.  Who would expect it to be so hidden in a cute neighborhood but at least we got here.  It's basically the coolest laid back place to hang out with friends.The first time we came here I was so impressed to see so many different age groups hanging out together.  Everyone that comes here is super friendly and so are the people that work here.  And once the Riverside employees get to know you some then you feel more like part of the Riverside family.They have a great concept concerning the beer in the refrigerators. They have a wide selection of bottled beers and you just take what you want and pay when you leave on the honor system. Just bring your empty beer bottles to the counter to pay for them. Let's not forget to talk about their food. The first time you come you wouldn't believe that a place this laid back has really good food. For awhile I was getting the fish tacos.  You can get them fried, blackened or grilled.  BUT NOW my two favorite dishes are the PIZZA and the CHICKEN WINGS.  You MUST try both of these.  Oh, and don't forget to grab a beer to wash it down. To top it off they have homemade cookies.  I end almost every visit with one.Every Wednesday night I do a bike ride in the area with Critical Mass and this is our spot to end our ride with a late night dinner and drinks. It has officially become one of my favorite spots.  Come on by and I bet you'll be like me and always want to come back for more.
<review# 53,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2014,10/4/2014,524,775,4,9,12>Honestly an A+ Event. I got there around 7, after work, and it was fairly busy. In fact, finding parking was rather difficult.  I definitely drove around for a good 10 minutes before I discovered a parking garage--so you might want to Google parking garages if you aren't familiar with that section of town, as I wasn't.  By 8 pm Art Park was jam packed, so plan accordingly. Around this time there were 25 people in line waiting to order food at the truck I wanted (#mofongo)If you want to do something outside on a Monday night this is it!  I haven't seen this many food trucks since I lived in Las Vegas (First Fridays are a killer event there)--if you can't find something you'd like to eat here - then you don't like anything...I feel the same way about Cheesecake Factory, I digress.I would guess there were at least 30 food trucks maybe more. They ranged from Spanish food (Don Mofongo- see my review on that one), to breakfast for dinner, dessert trucks, ice cream trucks, burger trucks, rib trucks, churro trucks, just to name a few.Very DOG friendly. I saw more Pit Bulls (not Mr. 305 and definitely not with Michael Vick), lapdogs, and even puppies! Yes puppies adorable little critters. Also, very kid friendly... they were everywhere & lots of families of all ages. There's plenty of places to sit, but a vast majority of the crowd brought their own chairs and blankets. I did NOT  see any adult beverages for sale...anywhere...I was looking...so you might want to figure out how your smuggling skills are and BYOB. Also, I would suggest bringing an umbrella, as it did rain towards the end.  Lastly, I saw more $100 bills being pulled out here then a Friday night in Vegas!!! I was quite surprised to be honest, lots of people paying in cash; however, I think almost all of the trucks accepted credit cards. Great date place, if you want lots of options, and want to be outside. Also, sitting under a tree, on the grass, outside on a Monday ain't half bad!
<review# 54,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2014,10/3/2014,87,11,1,13,11>This spot is dope!  My roommates and I went in tonight to check it out and it definitely exceed expectations.- The spot was awesome.  It is a lofted space with a speakeasy/1920s vibe with vintage  furniture, creative lighting, stage, a second floor and multipule bars. -The drinks were great - We had the fresh watermelon/ tequila cocktail and we all loved them so much we drank them all night. We promised next time however we would try something else :)  I was nervous about pricing based on the reviews but I thought Stache was on point with what they were trying to do. I felt like I got what I paid for. - The entertainment was great. The band we unexpectedly saw tonight was a great surprise. The dj played 1920's house remixes and although we didn't stay we did see that they were gearing up for a burlesque show. - I also liked the easy entry, the polite staff and really enjoyed the crowd. I will definitely come back. Thanks for a great night.
<review# 55,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2014,10/2/2014,164,85,3,10,7>I've become a particular yoga person and really like certain studios. This place is right by my house and my boyfriend and I took a chance by trying last week. The owner's husband, Lou, is super nice and friendly. Offers great pricing for first timers and welcomes you in to the studio comfortably from whether you're a beginner or advanced. They have great after work hours too ! A 6pm class and also 7:30p class. I have been to several classes within the 2wks and have not been let down. The studio is very clean, open and personal. I have enjoyed each and every instructor as they have different styles of teaching their classes. My 2 favorites so far are Amanda and Jessica. Amanda's class that I have been to was the Hot Flow which was so amazing. I went to the later 730p and was few people attending so she was really hands on with us which I highly enjoyed and getting to practice with the help of different poses. Thank you Amanda ! Jessica's class on Thursday's at 7:30p, Hot Yoga Sculpt,  is so awesome ! It incorporates light weights to give a different practice of yoga. I have done this at one other studio and was only offered during the day. I am so thrilled that this is a 7:30p class and Jessica is such a great motivator for this class. Thank you again :) Highly recommend Aura Yoga and can't wait to continue practicing at this great studio. If you're located in the area and usually can't make other yoga classes due to work, give this place a try ! You will not regret it! ~ Namaste ~
<review# 56,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2014,10/1/2014,169,213,1,10,6>I would have never found this place, had it not been for YELP! Thank you! This restaurant is very small. It has less than 10 tables, and is located on the corner of a side street. MAKE A RESERVATION!!!!!! We happened to have gotten lucky, because we went in on terribly rainy day and most people had made cancelations, their loss, our gain. The service is incredible. The moment we walked in, we felt welcome. They sat us right away, brought out menus, and explained their specials. The brought out a bruschetta for everyone to start with. It was really good but needed a pinch more salt for my taste. The came with our bottle of wine and allowed us to sample before making our final decision. Any time our glass ran low, the server came over and refilled the glasses for us. The bread they bring out was toasted and buttery, all plusses in my book.I ordered the house special lasagna... BEST I HAVE EVER HAD! No joke. I am very particular about my lasagna, it's my favorite dish and It needs the right cheese to meat ratio, a flavorful sauce, not dry, noodles al dente and so forth. I have a criteria I go by. This hit the spot. It was a large portion and I was not shy about eating the entire thing. One surprise I had yet to experience was the addition of hardboiled egg. I liked it, it gave a whole different textural experience. Well done.My two friends, super original, both ordered chicken parmesan with linguini. One thought there was a little to much sauce, but in that same note, he ate all of it with the bread provided on the table. And the other thought that the chicken was a little tough, but still ate everything.After our plates were licked clean, they brought a fresh slice of watermelon for each of us to clear our palettes. We ordered the tiramisu to share. This is where I went wrong. The tiramisu is way too good to share. It was delicious and creamy and you could tell that they used a richer cocoa powder to top it. Amazing!When we got they check, they also brought little amaretto cookies as well. A nice finish to a great meal.
<review# 57,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2014,9/30/2014,57,45,4,11,6>This is a true hidden gem in East Boca. Keep your eyes open for the sign out front and make  your way into this place. Now the 2nd location (Islamorada) M.E.A.T has brought the amazing quality a bit further north. They case their own sausage. Make their own ketchup. Brine their own pickles. And of course, brand the bun! The location may be small is size but it truly packs a flavorful punch. I tried to Wisconsin Beer Cheese Soup ($5)- topped with crunchy "house-smoked" bacon. This soup was not overly cheesy. it almost looked like a spicy deli mustard but went down real smooth. Then followed that up with a Chorizo Patty (8.50). This was spicy! Loved it. You can "pile on" any toppings you like. So its a bit a draw back to pay for onions, lettuce, etc... but the focus is the meat. For a burger enthusiast, its all about the meat & M.E.A.T does just that... Lastly, we were talked into a Banana Ale / Nutella Ice Cream Smoothie - The Dirty Banana. AMAZING! Not to mention they have a very solid selection of local craft beers on tap and in bottles.... FIND THIS PLACE!Prices range from: - $8.50 - $13 for burgers- $8.50 - $11 for sausages / pulled sandwiches- $4 - $5  for "fun items" (Sweet tots, onions rings, fried corn on the cob, etc...)Oh yeah, they are open for breakfast 8am on weekdays. ($9 - $12)
<review# 58,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2014,9/29/2014,59,138,5,14,6>So its 11:30 am, I just finished a 14 mile MTB trail ride, on a sunny hot dry day, at a nearby park. I want beer. Not just any beer but a nice cold craft beer. So what do I do? Exactly what any hot, hungry, thirsty person should do. Pick up my phone, go on Yelp and search for Craft Beer.  Well my search offers quite a few results but #2 stood out to me. The Sybarite Pig, Hmm, the name caught my attention. 4 1/2 stars, 88 reviews, opens in 20 minutes and just a short drive away. I'm in.  So as I pull up to this store front I see two small tables and not much else, nothing too exciting, maybe I expected a little more considering the name. As I entered the first thing I notice is how small this place is, Maybe a dozen small tables and eight stools at the bar. The semi  industrial look of this place is inviting and works well with the craft beer theme.   Oh did someone mention the beer. Okay lets get down to the nitty gritty. This place is a little slice of craft beer heaven with a dose of gastropub on the side. As you enter, to your left  on a large chalkboard is their selection of bottled and canned beers. A couple smaller boards show the beers on draft and daily specials. noticeably absent are all the mainstream beers, no complaints from me but this might cause distress to you big brand fans but that's not what you would come here for anyway.   So I'm the only one here and am immediately greeted by the owner Daniel. He is training a new employee, they ask what I would like and that;s when the beer talk starts. The owner is a great guy, very knowledgeable about the products he sells and you can tell there is a bit of passion behind it also. The new employee also shared his beer enthusiasm which made for good talk and great beer suggestions. I tried two, both suggested and they were awesome. With such a large selection there is bound to be something for everyone.  Now for the food. When I walked in I was not terribly hungry but after looking over the menu I found myself salivating a bit. With ingredients like bone marrow, duck fat, pig face and red onion jelly who wouldn't? Okay I want to try them all but unable to decide I asked Daniel his opinion on witch would make me want to come back for more. So it the Hellswine sausage, sweet and spicy slaw. pickled mushrooms and of course with the home made bread. Not what I would have chosen on my own but listen to the chef.   It came out on a board, yes a meat board. Very interestingly plated, a sausage bedded on the purple spicy slaw, a small bowl of mushrooms on the other side with the sliced bread roll in the middle. Actually very nice but the real test is the flavors and I will say they were all fantastic. Each item worked well and even complimented the others and the bread was perfect. When I say I cleaned my board, there was nothing but a wet spot where the sausage used to be. I used the last slice of that delicious roll to sop up every little bit of sauce.   Daniel was right, I want to try more and I will. Planning my next trip already and going to try and drag a few buddies along with me. This place is too good not to share. A small tip, if possible hit this place at lunch time. Not too busy and you get time to chat with the owner. You get to learn little interesting facts about the menu that you otherwise would never know. Or maybe I will keep that tip for myself. Well how about you just meet me here for a beer. Until then, Cheers.
<review# 59,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2014,9/28/2014,128,400,3,7,5>The service and food was excellent.  We had a reservation for 5pm so we could order the Sunset Menu.  With this you get a glass of wine and dessert and coffee.  They start by delivering warm bread to your table with homemade whipped butter with herbs...yummy!   You have to make sure you don't fill up on bread because then they send over the KOLDT BORD(traditional Danish appetizers).  It is a three tiered tray of devil eggs topped with caviar, salmon on crackers, herring, cucumbers with dill, curried chicken and apples, and spinach dip.  The next course is Cesar salad or soup.  I chose the creamy carrot soup.  This was very good and had a hint of ginger. For my entrée, I had the brisket with cabbage, potato pancake, tomato topped with sweet potato, mashed potatoes, and green beans/carrots.  It was a lot of food!!   The meet was very tender and had a mushroom gravy to top it off.  The pancake had onion and was flavorful. They serve it with a side of horseradish and sour cream.  As part of the sunset menu you get a dessert for the table...choice of Danish cream cake, chocolate layer cake, or rice pudding.  We chose the Danish cream cake.  It was 6 inches tall of yellow cake layered with a delicious yellow cream and topped with whipped cream and a raspberry sauce.  The meal was 5 star along with the service.  I will definitely return to try other items on the menu.  There is free parking in the lot attached to the restaurant.  If you need to wait for your table they have complimentary wine and hummus/crackers for you to enjoy.  The hostess checked on us throughout the meal and one of the chefs personally delivered one of our entrees.  These personal touches add to the dining experience.
<review# 60,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2014,9/27/2014,40,74,3,9,5>Trying to entertain my 9 month old I headed out to downtown Hollywood looking for mainly Cafe con Leche and a cheap breakfast. I found this beautiful hole in the wall.  Billy was so welcoming I decided to stay. 10 tables, 2 chairs each- some were pushed together- and couches in the back with a coffee and side table. The look is Hollywood elegance. I love the chandeliers and decor. They had Queen playing with Charlie Chaplin on the big screen. My dream come true! I ordered the 2 eggs with choice of toast or tomato. I requested both cause little one likes both.  They were very accommodating; one fried for me, the other scrambled for little boy. Billy offered jam, raspberry, and I'm not a normal jam person but it was so good! Of course I got my Cafe con Leche.Little boy made an absolute mess of the eggs and tomato. He really liked them! Also, as a nursing mom I felt very comfortable there. As LO cried and clawed at my shirt there was only one way to appease him. I'm always wondering when I'll get the stink eye from feeding my child but, it was a non issue here. Opening June '14 I hope this wonderful place becomes a downtown staple. Go visit and don't forget to check in to get 5% of your bill!
<review# 61,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2014,9/26/2014,333,226,14,14,9>A Blessing... And A Curse... (at least for me, anyway).First the blessing(s):I had the carnitas burrito (the Pachuco).Finally, there was a glowing of flavor.  So many foods these days are bland.  The carnitas meat was moist, moderately spicy and had peppers and onions folded into it.  The combination was enjoyably powerful.The burrito was large enough for two meals.  It had to weigh close to two pounds!The curse(s):The burrito was close to two pounds in weight!Chicano Express is between my house and the gym.  (I was on my way home when I tried it.)My gym workouts are not going to come anywhere close to negating the burrito's "input".I could find a new route to the gym and back home but I now know that Chicano Express is there... calling my name... "?Donde esta, Gary?"  (As long as we are pretending, flip that first ? upside down, would you please?)My thanks to the Yelpians who preceded me here.  (I had stopped by before but it looked deserted and I didn't go in... just like so many of you had also noted.  Glad I read your reviews and tried it tonight.)As for the curse, there was some famous guy who once said, "Damn the burritos, full speed ahead!  (Full speed ahead to Chicano Express, that is.)  Enjoy!
<review# 62,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2014,9/25/2014,42,25,3,9,4>As I write this review, the average rating for Kaluz is 3.5 stars and that is exactly what this restaurant deserves; however, I will round up for large portions and stunning views. I have eaten at Kaluz four times and will just summarize a few of the high points and low points.Highs: The decor is very chic and impressive with floor-to-ceiling windows with views of the intracoastal. There really is not a bad seat in the house, however if you prefer eating indoors, they have about five booths that are raised and look over the water. They are perfect if you want a water view and all the tables are taken. I haven't eaten outside, but it looks nice.  While the price tag may seem a little hefty, several of the portions are rather large, so you almost will always leave with leftovers. My BF LOVES the duck dish and we have returned twice just so he can have this entree. The chicken is tender, although the au jus has a little kick to it. I love how there are chunks of potato in the mashed potatoes. Despite the large signs that say complimentary valet parking, you also have the option to self-park if it is available. Service is typically good - they are not overbearing but not absent. Was here for a birthday party and the service was spot-on. The brownie dessert is delicious. My parents are willing to drive down from Boca to eat here....and not because they are meeting me halfway! :)Lows: The first time I ate here I was meeting my parents and I arrived early. I walked in and was never greeted by the hostess. I sat down in one of the lobby stools and sat there for about 15 minutes without anybody coming over to me. It left a sour first impression. That never happened again, but then again, I always arrived with the rest of my party. Another low is the bread pudding. This was such a huge miss for me because it almost made me not come back to the restaurant. The waiter recommended the bread pudding for dessert and I have to say it was the worst I ever had. It did not taste fresh and was cold and hard. In fact, it is a reason why I didn't write my review sooner because I wanted to give the restaurant another chance. If I wrote my review after that meal, this would have been a 3 star restaurant. I also don't like how you have to ask for bread to start. This is a secret...and be forewarned...they most likely will not give you a small plate or knife to give with it. Also, my father once ordered the fish of the day and was disappointed as it was expensive for a small filet.In summary, the food is good with tremendous ambiance and views. I would return and recommend others to  visit too; however, I would stay away from fish of the day and the bread pudding!
<review# 63,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2014,9/24/2014,143,261,5,8,8>I stumbled across the $15 ayce buns deal on Mondays so I knew that I was going to have to check it out some time. Since discovering it, I've been having the craving for some bao so Acelyn B and I decided to give it a whirl.The venue wasn't crowded. There was a larger party in the back room. The front dining area was pretty full, yet quiet. Our server, Kevin, approached and took our orders. His service was attentive and friendly. He managed to check up on us at the right time to order our next plate so as to not be waiting around without food. He was also on top of our water refilling as things were getting a little spicy for our tastebuds.We came for the bao and that's what we got, leaving no room for dessert. Sad face. Orders come in two pieces. You can only order one plate at a time. We started with the steak and the pork belly. Those were FANTASTIC! Next up were the chicken and fish. Good. Just not my favorite. We opted to stay away from the tofu. The sauce is a mix of hoisin, sriracha, and a Korean style chili(?). I thought it was really good. Up until the sriracha burn overpowered my tolerance. Alas, we left no room for dessert this. We will have to come back to check out the rest of the menu along with the sweet compliments to the fine eats BAO provides.
<review# 64,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2014,9/23/2014,440,356,7,15,14>I have driven by this place every morning on my way to work and noticed check-ins from other yelpers. My coworker went there for lunch and raved about it. I searched this place online and knew I had to come here pronto. I am such a big fan of healthy meals. This places is exceptional. Their philosophy is the best. Check out their website!! From the minute you walk in. I could not help but noticed the beautiful décor. Definitely a farm feeling to it but very modern. We made reservations for 6pm but arrived a little early and they had a table ready for us immediately. The weather was nice so we chose to sit outside. Farmer's Table is located at the Wyndham Hotel. The outside seating is by the pool. I was very surprise of how nice it was. At 7pm they had live music outside. Our waiter was very friendly and he was also training a new waiter. They both did such a great job. Answered all of our questions. Service was great! To start off- Since I love tequila I ordered the Skinny Margarita- Mango and Jalapeno. It was exactly what I expected. Not too sweet and had a spicy kick to it. I decided to stick with this drink throughout dinner. I think knowing the fact that this place is so healthy made me enjoy it 100times better. I did not feel guilty ordering off the menu. Appetizers: Edamame Shrimp Dumplings- They were delicious. There are 5 dumplings so it is perfect to share. Entrée: Buddha Bowl- Something about the Buddha bowl caught my eye when I saw it on the menu. I love noodles so I figured I would give this a try and thank goodness I did. I ordered mine with Shrimp and usually I am not a fan of a sunny side up egg on my food but it was really good. I would order this again. Dessert: We ordered the Passion fruit cheesecake with a twist.. Their dessert contains no butter, cream, refined sugars or flours. So it was not "Cheesecake (no cheese)". It was very good and light. Still sweet and tasty. I loved it. When I finished I loved the fact that I didn't feel stuffed. FYI: They also have healthy meals for kids!!I would definitely come back. I would like to try them out for lunch.
<review# 65,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2014,9/22/2014,23,26,2,10,7>Dixie Tracks Cafe takes your simple dishes and gives it so much more dimension. They nail it every time! Perfectly cooked and perfect balance. You can tell they really care about the food and the experience.It's a small cafe so seats are limited. I would avoid prime lunch time if you are in a rush. I like to come for a late breakfast or late lunch. This way, I get the whole place to myself. Plus, we like to order several different dishes and share. It's too hard to just decide on just 1 dish. TRUST ME!I highly recommend always checking out the specials. We usually order the specials and then a few of the house's favorites (naughty waffles, jerk philly and monster melt).  Those 3 dishes will seriously put you in a food coma. The waffles are crispy and soft in the center, topped with generous amount of fresh berries and whipped cream. It gets better, the waffle's sidekick is a caramelized bananas drizzled in some ooey-gooey sticky goodness. The jerk philly is jerk chicken served in a roll with some refreshing mango salsa. Ooh, it's the bomb. Extremely flavorful and refreshing at the same time. The monster melt .. I won't even bother trying to describe this monster.. you'll just have to try it yourself!As if the regular menu wasn't enough, they also have a gourmet food and wine tasting held at night. Make sure you sign up for those! It's a lot of fun, great way to meet people, and tons of delicious gourmet dishes.
<review# 66,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2014,9/21/2014,61,51,4,15,9>I love Indian food but the options in the Miramar/Pembroke Pines area have been extremely scarce. So naturally, when I saw the Grand Opening signs plastered all over the windows of what used to be the poorly-reviewed Indo Quest Indonesian restaurant, my siblings and I were super excited to try it out. Apparently Ruchi was previously called Taste of India and was located in Sebring, FL (checked out the prior reviews and they were pretty stellar). Luckily for me, they moved their establishment to south florida, barely more than 5 minutes away from me. The restaurant was nicely decorated - spacious and classy - and we were greeted by an incredibly welcoming staff. Right off the bat we ordered a mango lassi while we looked over the menus. The mango lassi was creamy with a hint of cardamom, which made it stand out from other mango lassis I've had. The menu itself was pretty extensive since it consists of both northern and southern Indian food. To test the waters, we ordered three of our usual Indian dishes: chicken tikka masala, butter chicken, and chicken saag. And just to try something new, we also ordered the chicken chutneywala. When the food arrived at our table, we were surprised to see them bring out a single large bowl of basmati rice to share instead of the individual portions of rice that I'm used to seeing at Indian restaurants. We were worried that it wouldn't be enough for four people to share, but they refill the bowl at no extra charge as needed. I found this to be a much better idea than the typical individual portions as we go through rice like starving people and extra orders of rice would've definitely added up. Butter chicken is usually my all-time favorite Indian dish, however, Ruchi's butter chicken was not the best I've ever had. This may be due to the fact that they add more frills to the dish than I'm used to, in the form of lots of bell peppers and onions which may have taken away from the flawless simplicity. Regardless, the dish was still quite good. On the other hand, the chicken saag was one of the best that I've tried anywhere; just the right amount of cream and spinach. The tikka masala was excellent as well. Although we've never tried chicken chutneywala before, it was a very nice balance to the other dishes. The sauce was a sweet and refreshing mango flavored curry, and the chicken was good and green-colored (pretty cool). We devoured absolutely everything, including three refills of rice. Our waiter kept laughing in disbelief every time he came by and saw that we didn't stop eating until there was nothing left. I even ordered a mango shake (made with mango ice cream, mango pulp, and pistachios) to-go, which was sweeter than the lassi and made a perfect dessert. The only downside is that the restaurant is indeed quite pricey for the portion sizes you get and some of the dishes were slacking on the amount of chicken. However, the sauces and flavors were so on point that I can't be too upset. Also, it looks like they offer some pretty awesome lunch specials! Lunch box specials that include naan bread, and the daily dessert for $9.99, weekday lunch buffets for $9.99, and larger weekend lunch buffets for $14.99. Haven't tried it yet, but I might definitely have to come back for lunch! I kept going back and forth between giving Ruchi 4 or 5 stars, but I have to bump them up to a full 5 stars because the staff was so friendly and patient with us. And also because I (selfishly) want this restaurant to last and thrive unlike its predecessor!
<review# 67,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2014,9/20/2014,38,41,4,9,8>Thank you yelp once again! I am extremely impressed and happy I decided on stopping by for lunch. I love tacos because you can have them exploding with flavor just the way you like them to, especially with the customization choices that they offer here. They do not just offer chicken, they offer chicken in a mild, medium and spicy. They do this for all of the meats (pork beef carne). They also offer shrimp, and tilapia. I opted for one spicy chicken taco, and one veggie taco. (Can choose from corn or flour tortillas). The veggies really made me happy because they had spicy mushrooms which were to rave about just like their medium flavored poblano peppers! Now onto the toppings, they had grilled fresh pineapple as well as queso fresco (white crumbled cheese) lettuce, pico de gallo, guac. Also, they had three more sauces to add ! They had a mild medium and spicy. I went for the red medium pepper sauce and it sure was spicy!    I took that first bite, and that's when I fell in love... All in all, I got a small guac to go along with my tacos. My boyfriend and I had 5 stuffed to the max tacos for $12. They give student discounts all day every day. The service and patience from the two men were impeccable. Overall- 5 stars! I'm very happy and impressed. I shall be their new regular!
<review# 68,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2014,9/19/2014,430,328,24,33,29>When I first visited Asia in particular Thailand & China, I was exposed to a new realm of hedonistic pleasures that changed my life forever. One of which was Nuru and the other foot massage.While in China I was also introduced to Chinese concepts of spirit and philosophy by way of  Lao Tzu & KwanYin. Both of which have had a profound affect in my life, but there is one particular proverb of Lao Tzu that has intrigued me since I first read it."If you are depressed you are living in the past. If you are anxious you are living in the future. If you are at peace you are living in the present." This proverb eloquently illuminates the foot massage experience. When a beautiful woman with soft hands is properly executing my foot massage, I'm lured into a surreal state of inner peace. Its impossible during  the massage for my awareness to exist in the past or the future, I can only exist in the bliss of the moment.I had discovered Lucys Dream Spa  months ago while driving, but I had only decided to try them out today and I'm really glad I did. Lucys is an upscale spa with his and hers dressing rooms, secured lockers & showers bit.ly/PGvXMp bit.ly/1mP4PcJ , steam room bit.ly/PGw4rk, table shower and wooden Asian soak tubs.Though offering both body and foot massage, I opted for my favorite, the foot massage ($39/hr special). The foot massage area has four recliner massage chairs located just outside of the front lobby area. Upon sitting on the chair, I felt like I was wrapped in a white cloud, it was super soft and comfortable. Unfortunately, unlike traditional foot massage where you receive hand, shoulder and back massage foreplay for about 15 minutes, Lucys offered none, just the foot massage.After my foot soak was finished my attractive masseuse Yen dried my feet and used an electronic control to recline the chair while a cushion-y lift popped out to raise my legs. I thought I was going to be able to catch up on some reading on my tablet while getting the massage, but Yen had other plans for me.Yen massaged me as if I had been her client for many months. She executed the massage exactly how I love it. She used Swedish like strokes from knee to ankle applying varying stimulating pressures. Her hands danced with my toes and soles of my feet in ways they had not been before.Within 10 minute's of the massage I was slipping into a calm blissful state. I wasn't able to continue to read, as tranquility overcame my mind. I could barely maintain a waking consciousness, as I was caught in a nexus between Heaven and Earth.After the massage had concluded,  my consciousness slowly re-emerged into a waking state. I was extremely relaxed and  pleased, yet somewhat annoyed the massage had ended lol. I could have stayed there for hours.I'm definitely going return to see Yen, even after the $39/hr special expires.TIPS-they have a special for $39/hr foot massage, the regular price is $59/hr-take advantage of the  shower & steam room that comes complimentary with any purchase-bring a pair of ear plugs or a head set to to listen to music on your phone during your foot massage, so you won't be disturbed by chatter at the front desk etc.-they have a couples massage room.-they take CC's including Amex and they don't add the annoying $2 credit card use fee.-they offer free coffee & tea.-they have free WIFI.SERVICES-Body massage (Hot Stone,Swedish,Deep Tissue, Thai, Shiatsu) $49-$139-Foot Massage $59/hr  ~ongoing special $39-Table Shower 15/min $29-Body Scrub 40/min $49-Soak Tub   time/unlimited  $20-Waxing for women( face, legs arms, stomach), Bikini( line,Brazilian, full, butt strip)-Waxing for men-Facials MEMBERSHIPS-they offer  memberships at  6 months for $100 & 12 month at $175 for a discount off of standard prices.
<review# 69,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2014,9/18/2014,90,104,7,10,5>South Florida's Best Cocktails. I'm pretty sure this is a gringo Mexican restaurant but the bartenders really have a clue on what's going on. They have an extensive mezcal menu and a great list of craft cocktails. They are also open to adjusting all of their cocktails to your liking. I've been twice and probably tried 4 or 5 and haven't found one I didn't like. The manager is also a really cool guy who came over to talk to us both times and gave us free swag. Then I couldn't believe it but the hostess called the next day to make sure I enjoyed my meal. Did they know I was elite ?!The food here is good. It's not amazing. I've tried a few dishes that were all good but I would recommend spending your calories and money on the drinks and just order the mountain of short rib nachos to help you metabolize your mezcal.
<review# 70,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2014,9/17/2014,144,176,1,6,5>So I've been coming to Dainty's since school started. After researching some places around school, this place had the best deal in terms of price, cleanliness, and consistency. I usually get regular mani pedi i think $37? They have shellac's available but i never get them. If I keep my nails short, my mani lasts me 3 weeks and my pedi 4 weeks (I rarely wear sandals or open toed shoes, unless I'm home or going out).I've had a different manicurist every time and every single time the results were pretty much the same more or less. I can always depend on them. They also autoclave their tools so I don't feel icky that someone else's goop is gonna be on me. They also offer you a small bottle of water! Plenty of parking. Very busy since a lot of students come here. There are many non students too. I met one lady, who was the grandmother-in-law of the owner of Funky Buddha, who is a repeat customer to Dainty's. YOU CAN'T TIP WITH CC. BRING CASH TO TIP.
<review# 71,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2014,9/16/2014,282,87,21,23,23>Brunch lovers everywhere- you have not experienced anything if you have not been to Giorgio's Bakery.  This is not to be confused with the fancier GG's right next door - which happens to have a FANTASTIC Sunday brunch menu, but that is another review for another time.   Breakfast is served every day here, not just on the weekend- so this is an added bonus.  My wife is a teacher, and she has times during the week when she has off- and we really enjoy going out to breakfast, so this is a great option as opposed to the pancake house or our beloved Flashback Diner (all locations)... M-F breakfast is served until 12, and Saturday and Sunday it is only served until 1 pm.  This is noted on the menu, but not in the same place as the breakfast items, go figure!  So again, get there early!  Especially since parking is problem- you have to give yourself a good cushion in time for parking. Parking:  YIKES!  This is the only downfall of GBB.  The parking lot has very limited spaces.  You can valet your car next door or you can try parking across the street.  The earlier the better- as when the beach goers start showing up in throngs (and thongs) parking gets more and more difficult. There have been a few times when we just gave up and went somewhere else (not as good, but hey with no parking we were forced) Service:  Meh- they aren't much for pleasantries, so don't expect a big welcome.  What you should expect, CHAOS!  Don't be turned off by patrons who stand and wait by a table for people to leave.  This doesn't happen often, but I find that it is par for the course here.  In general the waiters are very efficient, don't get orders wrong, but again, they are not going to tell you how lovely you look or take your chair out for you.Food:  FANTASTIC - Things to try: The Baked Artichoke Dip Lunch Trio Appetizer
<review# 72,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2014,9/15/2014,44,195,4,6,7>It's been YEARS since I've been to Max's Grille. I don't know why, except that with all of the new places popping up, I always tend to gravitate towards those.We had a solid dinner here last Saturday evening. I had oysters on the half shell to start and then went with the branzino special which was wood grilled branzino fillets on top of broccoli rabe and a smoked cream corn - I couldn't stop eating that corn - it was wonderful.Hubby had their meatloaf - which has been on their menu forever - still a great option.For dessert we had a hot apple tart with homemade cinnamon ice cream - very good.Couple of negatives - the drinks seemed watered down and the restaurant temperature was warm. My husband was sweating, other people were fanning themselves. Don't think it was an a/c malfunction - just that they keep the restaurant warm - could be all the old folks that seem to still gravitate here.Upon leaving, we saw that a small band was setting up outside near their outdoor bar. It was way too hot and humid outside for us to stick around but this must be nice when it's a bit cooler outside.
<review# 73,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2014,9/14/2014,165,221,3,6,6>JustAir Weston opened its door a couple of weeks ago, and this Saturday I finally got to visit and try out the new location. Being a fan of the Fort Lauderdale location, I was a bit afraid that this one was not going to be able to live up to the original, but Weston did not disappoint!Its a bit smaller than the FLL one, but it has the same decor and feel. The ladies are exceptionally nice and just as great doing hair! They offer the same services and the prices are exactly the same. Ericka did my blowout and she did an extraordinary job. She added some waves and I left feeling like a rock star. And as if that wasn't good enough, its only $35. YES, even with all this hair! No matter what your length or type of hair, every blowout is $35.Keep in mind that they ONLY style hair, they dont cut or dye hair. Its a blowdry salon and you'll be in and out in a breeze.I left feeling satisfied and extremely happy that now I have a JustAir a couple of minutes drive from home.My bank account will probably hate this, but I'm a happy camper!P.S. You get a complimentary glass of wine or champagne to unwind while getting dolled up.
<review# 74,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2014,9/13/2014,34,78,1,6,6>If you are looking for authentic, Mexican street style tacos, this is the place for you! We came here on a craving and a whim, and I'm glad we did. I'm from Texas, so I frequently crave and miss decent Mexican food. I was dying for tacos so we found this place. Luckily our Spanish is decent, because our server didn't speak a lick of English! We both had three tacos. I got al pastor and beef tacos. They are small and don't come packed with tons of toppings and fancy schmancy add-ons. They just come with well prepared ingredients and satisfy the craving for authentic tacos!I believe there is currently a lime shortage because I'm used to having a slice of lime come alongside my tacos, but these were served with lemon slices (likely due to said lime shortage) and the corn tortillas were tasty. The other reason we headed this way was because I needed ancho peppers for a recipe I was cooking and when Whole foods and Fresh Market couldn't accommodate this, Tortilleria Mexicana could! They have a great little shopping market with all the Mexican ingredients you need to whip up enchiladas, mole, or tacos like your abuelita used to make!
<review# 75,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2014,9/12/2014,155,51,13,21,17>We have been hearing so much about Fork and Balls and really could not wait to try this new creative concept on Las Olas.  We were glad that when we arrived there was not the wait we had heard so much about, at 7pm, we got seated immediately.  Love the open atmosphere and layout.  Great open bar with very light décor, mood changing when you walk in.  We were greeted by our waitress, Blake, who never took a smile off her face the whole night and was there every step of the way, and very personable.  The menu is simple, just like the name, and you definitely know that you are going there for: BALLS; beef, chicken balls, veggie balls, spicy pork balls or their F & B combination.  You can just have balls, or can put your balls over pasta, garlic spinach, or creamy polenta.  Then you can choose among various sauces to top off the dish.The wine list is not extensive, but for what they have on the wine list, they chose really great wines and sparkling wines that are very reasonably priced.  Lucente Italian wine was our choice and if you like a good Italian wine, reasonably priced, we were surprised to be able to order this for only $38.00 a bottle.  Great wine for pairing with our meal.We started off with their Traditional Salad, which you can split for 2 people. The lettuce was really fresh and crisp with olives, onions and chick peas. We had crumpled blue cheese on the side.  Really a great salad. We wanted to order the Calamari because it was highly recommended, but we wanted to save all our room for the reason we came there: BALLS.I ordered the Classic Beef Balls over garlic spinach, topped with their traditional tomato sauce and my wife ordered the Chicken Balls over the daily veggies. The meatballs where very good, nice portion of 3 balls, and the sauces were in great proportion to the dish, not to take away from the flavor of the meat.  The sauce did not drown out the dish.  We were with another couple and between the 4 of us, we shared their foot long F&B garlic bread. EXCELLENT!!!  They offer great side dishes , very different, so we had the Polenta fries with parmesan cheese, served with their tomato sauce on the side.  Really addictive, could of had two of these.  All of their meatball dishes are topped off with fresh cheese and the portions are not too big and leaves you pretty full when you walk out. Perfect portions so you can order a side or two with a salad, drinks or wine and walk out very satisfied with a reasonably priced dinner. Every time you go back, it would be a great place to try something different.  They offer different F & B favorite dishes and sides to choose from. Fun menu.Word of caution:  let the servers know you are their to relax and not be rushed because their is a tendency to feel like they want to get to business pretty quickly, and turn the tables  This is not a "fine dining" atmosphere and do not expect to go their for "gourmet" meatballs, but a fun, open high energy establishment that has a great concept and great food, with a great menu with variety, and well priced. We will definitely go back to try something different, and would love to sit at their beautiful bar next time as well.
<review# 76,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2014,9/11/2014,191,51,5,8,8>Harmony House Yoga is a great find.  I was a Yoga newbie and was nervous about taking classes.   Wow!  Was I surprised!   Darlene, the owner welcomed me with such warmth and made me feel like I was immediately part of her Harmony House family.  With Darlene's gentle and lovimg guidance I found a wonderful calm space of breathing and working with my body to let go of stress.  I was able to forget about the outside world and spend that hour with me.I've been back for several classes and workshops and have enjoyed each immensely.  Whether you are a beginner or a serious Yogie, Harmony House can not be recommend any higher by me.  Go see for yourself!
<review# 77,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2014,9/10/2014,91,477,2,7,7>I was particularly surprised and impressed with this place.First off, I am kind of totally in love with the decor. It's dark and very Pacific Northwest inside. I almost immediately regretted sitting outside, but then I remembered I freeze in AC and they kept it fairly cold (read: temperate, probably like 72). The outside patio is nice as well with decor that matches inside - darker colors, rustic lights, etc. Great first impression.I tried the honey raspberry beer - delicious! I love fruit wheat beers, and theirs is lovely - not too fruity or sweet. I expected super sweet with the name, but surprisingly, it was fairly light.My mom and I split a brie pillow which was incredibly large and delicious. I'm not a big puff pastry person, so I ate around that, but I tried a bit just to confirm that you all that it was good and cooked well. The brie was amazing on it's own with the grapes and bread. I would have eaten that as a meal alone.I ordered a half salad, which was the perfect side with an appetizer. I got the Organic Baby Greens, and it was amazing. The vanilla vinaigrette was indeed amazing. Not too sweet, and perfectly lightly vanilla. I'll definitely be back. The parking is easy, the service is great, and the food is definitely above par.
<review# 78,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2014,9/9/2014,73,96,5,6,7>They had me at hello!I passed by the nail salon one day.  From outside, it was huge and immaculate so I knew I needed to go.  I walked in on Friday and was greeted by a smiling man.  He was friendly when he asked if I had an appointment.   I did not but needed a mani/pedi.  I was immediately taken by Mimi who asked me to select a color.  I looked around and she pointed to a wall of endless options! Opi, Essie, and another brand I was not familiar with.  There was something for everyone.   Mimi sat me in a clean, and comfortable seat and returned with a bowl, a new file and buffer.  She also unwrapped sterilized clippers.  I was extremely impressed.  She gave a perfect manicure and a FLAWLESS polish.  Today is day 3 and still not a single chip- I've even done the dishes and it's in tact!!!!!Then I was ready for my pedicure.  Both sides of the salon are lined with massage chairs.  I thought it would be a great place for a wedding party to have their nails done because everyone could have them done at the same time.  Mimi lined the beautiful glass foot bowl with plastic and that was the icing on the cake!  They really care about keeping a sterile environment for the customers.  I started the massage chair and that's when I noticed the soft spa like music playing.  They've hit the nail on the head when it comes to an awesome salon experience.   Mimi massaged away and my toes were perfectly polished.  Some additional notes: Everyone spoke English and there was no chatter in another language.  I appreciated that.  While they did not have a uniform,  everyone was dressed in black, which gave the salon a professional look.They do a lot of nail designs that are so well done- follow them on Instagram to see what I am talking about.I met the owners John and Ben.  Both were pleasant and I could not stop raving about my first experience. Do yourself a favor and book yourself an appointment with Mimi.  The cost was $35 for a mani/pedi but I received $1 off for liking them on Facebook. Oh and tell John/Ben that I sent you :-)
<review# 79,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2014,9/8/2014,146,160,5,6,9>I had been meaning to try this place for a while and finally went for lunch on Saturday.  I arrived at about 12:30 pm, and they open at 12:00.  It was pretty quiet in there at that time but some more people showed up when we were finishing up.I was impressed with the cleanliness of the place.  Smelled clean but not like bleach.  Tables wiped clean. Neat and orderly and impressive bar.  There also appears to be ample outdoor seating but we opted to eat indoors to avoid the Florida heat.  There are some nice big screen tv's but not an overabundance of them.Our server was Boomer and he was friendly and efficient.  He pointed out that there is a lunch menu that has some of the more popular items at a reduced price.  We ordered off the lunch menu.  One classic cheeseburger and one Margarita pizza.  There is also an excellent beer selection.  I did not seek recommendations but other diners did and Boomer and the bartender seems helpful, pouring samples and explaining different beers.The food was good.  My burger came with fresh lettuce tomato and onion on top, and was juicy and tasty.  Maybe a bit overcooked but on the whole it was good. Nice size too. Fries, included, were crispy.  The pizza had a nice sweet sauce and good mozzarella on it.  The crust was crunchy and chewy the sauce a bit sweet.  I liked the pizza, especially the crust.  They do have a wood burning oven in the back which was surprising for a gstro-pub not solely devoted to pizza.  Prices with the lunch menu were very reasonable.Impressed and I plan to return.
<review# 80,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2014,9/7/2014,412,333,7,10,11>An upscale, low-rise beach club/hotel that provides polite and courteous service, private beachfront access, and a lush, tropical pool area to relax and recenter.  It's location is tucked away in a spot that assures you won't have many run-ins with some of the creepier, transient types that have made their way to Fort Lauderdale's beaches in recent years.  The restaurant/beach bar serves good food and drinks (my burger was cooked to order and my drink was perfect). Note they only serve members and their guests and those staying at the hotel, so it's not the type of beach bar you can stop in to for just a drink or a bite.  I stayed here for a weekend a few years ago, and the rooms were spacious, comfy, clean and well-kept. Lago Mar is great for families young and old seeking a peaceful retreat in the heart of Fort Laudy!
<review# 81,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2014,9/6/2014,98,71,5,12,8>This is by FAR the best farmers market I have ever been in. The produce is amazing and the prices are beyond fair. I'm so sick of awful publix overpriced produce and all of the other produce markets I have tried have been sub par. I went to marando farms a couple of months ago and all of the produce was sitting outside in south Florida heat rotting with bugs on it. It was disheartening because of all the great reviews. Living green is all indoors and you can smell the freshness upon entering. In the front right is a tiny cafe with salads and sandwiches and also fresh juices and smoothies. They also have a nice wine selection, organic meats, cheeses, as well as house made pesto and hummus. I walked out of here with a TON of fresh produce, some pesto, hummus, sushi grade tuna, and a loaf of fresh French bread all around $46.00. The plaza is dumpy and unsuspecting but please do yourself a favor and check this place out and support a fantastic local business.
<review# 82,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2014,9/5/2014,102,101,5,7,7>Thanks to Yelper reviews - and a recommendation from Mike U. - we checked out Gobistro today for lunch. Thank you Yelpers and Mike! We enjoyed an order of each pork belly buns and soft shell crab buns (2 per order). The crab buns held a lot of crab meat and they were good. The taste of the pork bun was eye-opening! The pork was soft and nearly creamy! The sauce was sweet and complimented the meat. The marinated thin onion and cucumber slices gave a zing to the sweetness of the meat. The bun was soft and hugged the filling...or was that my hand? Well, at least I didn't bite the hand that fed me, so it's all good!For yakitori, we ordered baby octopus, tenderloin, chicken thigh, scallop, and bacon-wrapped asparagus. The scallop had 2 pieces on the stick and the other items had 4. All were grilled and coated in a sweet glaze. The tenderloin and scallop were soft and delicious. The octopus was very tasty - but you have to be able to cope with the texture, which for me was no problem but for hubby it was a bit of a challenge - not that he didn't eat his 2 pieces, what a trooper! The chicken thigh was fabulous, as was the bacon-wrapped asparagus. Yes, I could easily graze while enjoying sake here (didn't see any junmai ginjo or junmai daignjo sakes on their list sadly).We should have stopped there but pushed it by ordering a Captain Crunch roll - tuna and salmon with avocado, topped with a lightly tempura-ed white fish. It was ok but we weren't blown away. Next time we will stick with the food that they excel at producing.I recommend you order the iced green tea (made with roasted rice)  - it was so good I  had 3 glasses over lunch! (Usually I drink very little when I eat.)Lastly, we parked a block behind the restaurant, across from the parking lot behind their store. The parking spot had a sign near it stating '3 hour parking between 8 a.m. and 8 p.m'. There were no meters. I went into one of the nearby stores and asked the employee how anyone would know how many hours we were parked and she said she sees meter maids come by and jot things down - and she sometimes sees them write tickets. We left the car in the spot and enjoyed lunch before returning to the car. We didn't get a ticket so I guess it was ok but if anyone can explain this to me I'd like to know because I KNOW we'll return to Gobistro and the info will come in handy. Thanks in advance for letting me know the secret to the 3 hour signs! (UPDATE: There is 3 hour parking without meters between 8 a.m. to 8 p.m. and parking for any number of hours from 8 p.m. to 8 a.m.)
<review# 83,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2014,9/4/2014,83,105,5,9,10>An afternoon stop at Rok:Brgr, although I'm not a burger eater, I had been there one time before and had their loaded tater tots which was amazeballs. Needless to say, Rok:Brgr and I have had a rendezvous long overdue.It happened to be happy hour, which certainly put a smile on my face. Firstly, I ordered the Hibiscus Tea Cocktail, it was so tasty, delivered to me in a cute mason jar. We decided not to do a starter because the burgers looked huge and it was only lunch after all.I ordered the Birdman and my guy ordered the King James. I took a second glance at the drinks menu and got the Cucumber cocktail - freaking delish! The Birdman: super mouthwateringly good grilled chicken, with black bean and sweetcorn which was secured to the chicken with chipolte gouda, topped with crispy bacon laced with peppercorns. Holy mother of chicken! I added the smoked ranch - It was incredible, it was humongous and it was entirely satisfying.The King James - from the mouth of a burger man "This is orgasmic". Yeah I was a little jealous of the burger in that moment, but just staring at it from across the table, I understood. Thick patty topped with pork belly, brie, red onion marmalade and a touch of truffle aioli. It was large and in charge... and quickly devoured, rightly so. Accompanying these fine dishes was the house fries which I have to say were fresh, tasty, and the perfect compliment. So to take advantage of the happy hour we topped our lunch off with a couple more drinks, Wells were 2 for 1, and I ordered the Rokberry (blakcberry and acai) cocktail, also super yummy.Overall, this place deserves all the accalade it can get. Good location, funky vibe, phenomenal dishes, and good specials. This place is a 5 star joint in my book.PS: Check in on Yelp for a free Premium Well Drink
<review# 84,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2014,9/3/2014,55,35,5,13,9>Been coming to this range for a while now.  It is not the best range but it works for me. Shooting can get pricey here so keep that in mind.  I believe it is $12 per person to use the range.  Everyone might as well shoot because you will be charged to enter the lanes.  No watching.  If you don't have a firearm they have plenty to rent along with ear and eye protection.  Not sure how much the rental equipment is.  I would imagine everything would run in the $50 to $65 range for two. The staff here will be happy to assist anyone who needs help.  Please remember that firearms are all about safety.  There are no dumb questions.  Additional Info:Only Buckshot- no slugs or birdshot. You can bring a pistol grip shotgun. The arm rest has the ability to fold up. If you bring a rifle make sure you bring frangible ammo.  Don't want to be putting holes through the metal backstop with FMJs. The frangible ammo is available at a reasonable price. They also have ammo for nearly every gun on the market.  You can double tap as much as want.  Tip for shooters:  instead of buying extra targets or stickers, get yourself a pack of bright colored post-it notes and your good to go.
<review# 85,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2014,9/2/2014,38,267,4,5,6>I was wondering around frantically like a kid in a candy store when I first came in.  I was so hyper, I was having trouble on focusing on actually ordering my coffee.  First of all, there was this lovely herb store in Austin where I recently moved from; I have found nothing like it here...until now!  This store in Austin had a wide variety of bulk medicinal herbs and other beautiful items.  Even Whole Foods in Austin had bulk herbs, but I have been having trouble finding something like that without the frills here.  But Big Picture Cafe had a huge rack of bulk dried medicinal herbs, cooking herbs, and a nice variety of loose leaf teas.  I also loved their packaged medicinal area.  I found a hard to find herbal tincture that I was about to have to order online because I have trouble finding it here.We had a mocha and caramel latte.  They definitely weren't as mainstream as a Starbucks drink.  They had more complexity, more depth of flavor, more earthiness.  They were a little different.  The presentation was beautiful.We also enjoyed the warmth and beauty of the space.  It felt inviting and comforting.Some mental notes I made for the future was their open mike night on Saturday nights...I would like to join them someday for that!Also, they had beautiful meeting rooms for rent for a good price.I think they have already earned a little special place in my heart.
<review# 86,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2014,9/1/2014,248,141,4,8,11>Like A. Nonymou S. said, this is the best Italian ice ever! I know it's hard to believe how Italian Ice be this good, because it's pretty hard to get wrong. They are all pretty much the same. But I'm telling you, Richie's is not. It is the best. I find myself craving it at least once a week.Quality makes a huge difference. They have real pieces of fruit in them and the flavor taste natural, like how it is supposed to taste not the usual artificial flavor taste. Strawberry and honeydew are my favorites, but all the other flavors are good too. I'm a little embarrassed to say I finished a QUART of this stuff all by myself. My boyfriend usually gets the Gelati, Italian Ice with soft-serve ice cream. I don't particularly like the soft-serve ice cream that they use (kinda taste like a softer version of D'lites), so I usually skip this. But my boyfriend likes it.I also heard the coffee is really good, but I haven't tried it yet.Do yourself a favor and try them, you won't want any other once you do.
<review# 87,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2014,8/31/2014,77,66,9,9,9>If there was a reason to enjoy having to go to a laundromat, I'll be the last person to seek that answer. But thanks to yelp, enduring our first-world issue of a nonworking dryer SIMULTANEOUSLY with enduring an under construction POS nonworking building elevator, found a tolerable solution not far from home.It wasn't perfectly clean, but clean enough.  Lots of washers and dryers It was quiet, and refreshing at the same time with fellow washers, a cast of characters being in Wilton Manors. We had just come off a deep South-conservative-stuck-in-the-booneys vacation visit with relatives and appreciated the good folks at the Rainbow laundromat. Since we've been a couple/married, we good-naturedly consider ourselves an "alternative couple"  mainly because it seems that the contrast of our skins (or maybe it's our amazingly unbelievable stunning good looks) frighten or startle some rude people into  head-jerking-I'm-trying-not-to-look-they-can't-­hear-us-whispering spastic stares. This was brought to a ridiculous plateau during our country-bumpkin vacation by so many intolerant folks during visits to certain deep South establishments.  At the Rainbow laundromat, I've never appreciated "excuse me, I'm squeezing past on the left behind you" and "here are some underwear you dropped" so much before by a man who I wanted to hug like a big, fluffy teddy bear and a woman who's appearance at first made my husband feel his knees quiver beneath him, respectively.  Anyhoo. lol.The prices were more than fair, $2.50 for the small front loaders and $2.00 for the white top loaders, and a usual 25 cents per 6 minutes dryers.  We went around 3pm and it was quiet, then it got a little busy about an hour later as we were leaving.  We didn't feel unsafe, like I said, we were content with the crowd.  Did I mention Stork's Bakery and Coffee house is like, right there? Thank you M. R. for pointing that out in your review.  AWE-SOME!!!
<review# 88,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2014,8/30/2014,80,165,1,5,4>My cousin and I went on a Thursday afternoon. We bought our tickets inside about thirty minutes before our tour. The tickets cost in the low $20s, but $17 after a coupon. The airboat tour itself is about half an hour (30 minutes) and their were about 11 people on our boat plus Captain Al. You see a few alligators, some birds, learn about the sawgrass plant. I guess it all depends on the weather, but it was a very enjoyable ride, especially because Captain Al knew his stuff. The airboat is loud, but they give you free earplugs to put in. Have your camera ready, you get really close to the alligators and learn some cool facts.The airboat tour itself is a nice experience, and the ticket also comes with an exhibit too. You can go before or afterward to the exhibits, which has two sections, one for reptiles, the other for wild animals. The reptiles is a bunch of snakes and alligators, you can even take a picture holding one if you want. What is really cool is the other exhibit where you can see Florida Panthers, Bobcats and other wild animals. Good for all ages, and you can walkthrough at your own pace. So depending on how long you stay, you could do it quick and see it all in 20 minutes, or stay around and watch the animals and be there an hour. If you are a Florida resident, make sure to go to the front desk after your airboat tour, as they will give you a card that is a good for year-round free airboat tours as well as other discounts. I wouldn't come back here on my own again, but if a friend is in town and I'm looking for a few hours to show them around this is a great place to take them; especially because now your tour is free! Also, I'd say this is a really good place to take children, it's a fun excursion for a while. I wouldn't say their was anything here that blew me away, but for the price it is great and fun experience that can occupy your time for a couple of hours maximum.
<review# 89,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2014,8/29/2014,115,220,7,14,10>Looking for a place to eat after a few at Funky Buddha, the wife suggested Hot & Soul.  "Never heard of it", I said.  So I had to look it up.  "Looks like a Yelp darling why with 4  1/2 stars in almost 90 reviews", I said.Arrived to a somewhat empty restaurant though by the time we left it was half full.  There was absolutely no thought put into creating a décor for this place.  I mean it looks like a high school cafeteria.  Whatever, we were there to eat!!!!   We, a party of 4, started with a Cheesy Nutball  and Manchego Toast.  I truly did not like the Cheesy Nutball.  It's basically a ball of manchego and cream cheese with grilled bread.  The cream cheese overpowered the entire dish.  The manchego toast was solid.  It was this plate full of manchego and perfectly cooked mushrooms all on top of some grilled toast on the bottom.  It was... soul food!!!  After that we moved on to the Gumbo Yumbo Full and the Holay Mole.  I didn't particularly like the Holay Mole which was basically pork shoulder with red rice and pinto beans. The gumbo wasn't that much better though the rest of the party enjoyed it.  We then moved on to the gnaughty gnocchi which contained oxtail meat.  It was good.  We ended with the Chicken Adobe... half portion.  This, with the  manchego toast, was my favorite dish.  It was a simple piece of perfectly cooked chicken with perfectly cooked jasmine rice. But what made this dish is the hint of brown sugar and soy sauce.  Very well executed dish.For dessert we elected to go with the dulce de leche custard and the dark bark.   The custard is truly dulce de leche while the dark bark was a ridiculous amount of dark tasty chocolate pieces with sea salt.  Both excellent!!!The restaurant has an excellent beer lineup as well.  Skip the sangria it was awful.  As for coffee, we skipped it since... well, despite the fact we had plenty of Funky Buddha Crushers and Due South Mid Marauder here, we elected to go back to Funky Buddha just up the street for some more Don't Tell Reece.These kinds of places that advertise being "all about the food" tend to get very high scores on Yelp.  I can see by the quality of some of the food I had why this place has a near 5 star rating.  But, it simply is not a 5 star restaurant for me.  I'm giving it a 4 because... I am afraid of the Yelp backlash if I don't?  In all seriousness, there were certainly some solid dishes in the manchego toast, the gnocchi and the chicken adobe. The desserts were terrific and the beer line up was solid as well.  I just can't see myself hurrying to come back.  A few changes could, however, entice me to.  For example, with an empty restaurant, what was the hurry?  We got all the food at once pretty much.  Also, and related, is the size of the table.  So small for a party of 4 and the food all at once we didn't even have room for our water glasses. If you are looking for a very casual meal with excellent and hearty food as well as a solid beer lineup, this could be your place.  It delivered on those counts perfectly!  For me, this is not where I want to be on a Friday or Saturday night but for a lunch, or a weekday dinner with friends... perfect!
<review# 90,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2014,8/28/2014,51,90,5,5,6>Wow!! This place was really cool! All I knew about fireworks was being a major pain in the ass with bottle rockets years ago... Break the stems and make them zig zag! Did anyone else do that or was I just a weird kid? Oh well, I digress... When you walk in, you're first asked to sign a legal form stating that you're over 18 and the fireworks are for personal use. Next, some really nice guys who can spot the dazed and confused look on your face from a mile away, run over and help guide you to what you might be interested in. Just in case your appetite for fun isn't urging you enough, they're playing videos of people lighting fireworks on various screens thought the store. The entire store is BOGO and there are also printable coupons available from their website. I had a whole shopping cart full of fireworks. I spent $435, used some printed coupons, and received a few boxes for free because of how much I spent. I was in shock when it came time to unload the Jeep, still can't believe how much stuff I came home with. I don't know anything about fireworks but I do know that I'm going to have lots of fun this July 4th! If you haven't done your fireworks shopping yet, come here for a great deal. And, next week, if you pass by a quirky chick who's missing a hand, don't ask.... ;-)
<review# 91,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2014,8/27/2014,381,162,3,13,10>Oh am I such a happy girl that Hollywood has an amazing farmer's market that is actually worth checking out. Firstly, parking is spacious depending on the time you come, Sunday mornings before 10 are your best bet. I came on a Sunday morning when the wind was cool and crisp and it wasn't too hot, ideal for a day to be spent outside. I am truly amazed at all of the different vendors here, some are hits and misses but all in all it is a wonderful place to wander and spend your day. A couple of my favorite booths included the Big Um's Cajun Booth [the best shrimp and grits ever], The Roasting Shack [homemade treats for doggies], Gino's Italian Market booth [authentic and delicious italian food], Pasta Wow [homemade pasta and sauces, not to be believed or missed], Che Pibe [delicious chimichurri] - I mean really the list seems never ending. I found the prices to be adequately priced, not too expensive and not as cheap as I visioned it to be. Through it all, I had such a great time here supporting my local businesses and I will make it a point to come here as frequently as I can. It's always refreshing to eat locally grown foods and diminish your carbon footprint at the same time. The Yellow Green Farmer's Market is a staple of Hollywood and it is a fascinating place, I promise you will not get bored!Enjoy!
<review# 92,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2014,8/26/2014,17,17,6,8,6>My first encounter with korean...  there will be many more!I hit Gabose last night for dinner based on recommendations on Yelp and on Chefs Feed, and I was not disappointed.  i was greeted and seated immediately, and when I confessed to  my server that I knew nothing about korean cuisine, she walked me through the menu explaining what was what.  After perusing the menu, I was leaning toward the Ojingo bokkum or one of the rice bowls, but my server said the Ojingo bokkum was one of his favorites, and if I liked squid, I'd be happy with it.  He also steered me away from ordering an appetizer too, since the portion size was rather large.  Was he ever right!  First, a parade of intimidating side dishes, each one explained as it was set in front of me.  Pickled seaweed?  Really?  Still, that's what new experiences are about, so I dove in.  All of them were delicious!  Then soon came the giant bowl of squid in the lovely spicy bean sauce.  I did my best to finish it, but I did eventually admit defeat.  I was quite grateful that I hadn't done the appetizer first!Service was spot on and the dishes were all delightful.  I shy away from five stars here only because I don't know if that was "as good as it gets", but I can assure you I mean to find out.
<review# 93,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2014,8/25/2014,28,153,5,7,5>If you run this is the place for shoes.  They have a great selection for runners.  Walkers are not left out, they have a great selection of walking shoes as well.  Like the other reviews state, they watch you walk, run and then they start trying shoes on you.  If you are a runner they put you on a treadmill and size up your foot.  (Haha get it size it up)!       This is the second pair of running shoes I have purchased and I am more than happy.  They have a 14 day satisfaction guaranteed program.  Meaning if you buy the shoe and don't like it for what ever reason you bring it back and they give you another shoe.  They stand behind their shoes!       There seems to be a lot of knowledgeable associates who are eager to help you.  Be prepared the prices are a little high, but i think well worth the shoe.  Comfort is worth the few extra dollars you will play for a high quality shoe.
<review# 94,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2014,8/24/2014,51,115,7,8,5>RRRRUUUFFFFF!!! My mom took me here today, and it's basically puppy heaven. I love it here since I can run around off my leash and sniff other dogs, play with my ball, and drink from the doggy fountain. I love how it's separated into little dogs and big dogs (i'm only 11 lbs!), this makes me feel safe. Mom said I could go play in the agility section with the tires and tubes, even though some of the big dogs were in there too. I made friends in there fast and even learned how to go through the tube! (with some treats and help from mom) There is much more room to run around in this section.When you get here, it's super fancy and I didn't even know where we were. The gates are super cool because they keep all the doggies safe and the dog god statues look over us and protect us :DMom sat under the pavilion and read a little, so there's shade if you need it, but I mostly like to run and meet other pups until I'm super tired and ready to go home. This place is close to my house (about 10 minutes) so mom says we will come back more often. It doesn't cost a fee to come which makes mama happy. Pawsome!!
<review# 95,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2014,8/23/2014,187,216,4,5,3>Been here multiple occasions and cannot believe I have not talked about The Pub of Pembroke.This English Pub that is located on the northern side in The Shops at Pembroke Gardens is definitely as great watering hole for beer and scotch.  Even though The Pub is a chain, it definitely brings it's own character into the area because we definitely needed something as unique as it is.  The bar has some good rotating drafts/craft beer, occasionally you'll get that rare one that you've been searching for quite some time and you better hurry because it's limited.  The selection of Scotch Whiskey is quite decent.  They actually serve the Scotch properly alongside some rocks and a small carafe of water so that you can open it up on your own.  Food is good.  There is quite a selection of bar food and their take of it.  The appetizers are plentiful and are a great addition to your drink of choice.  My personal favorite is their Scotch Egg - egg, sausage, breaded and fried to a perfection layered on top of a squirt of their mustard.  The selection of bottled beers are plentiful and there are some really good hefeweizens...They definitely serve it properly, especially when they personally warm up the bottle for you and layer the beer in the glass with the remaining yeast to bring it to perfection!
<review# 96,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2014,8/22/2014,284,181,8,12,10>The patties were quite good. They offer chicken and beef in the traditional Jamaican style patty as well as a Guyanese style patty. The Jamaican patties are what you see at the grocery stores and places like Golden Crust, and the Guyanese patties are more like a pot pie style. The Jamaican patties were chicken and beef and the Guyanese was beef (they were out of chicken when we got there). The Jamaican chicken was medium heat wise and the beef was mild. The chicken was ground up to more of a texture of ground beef and with all the spices it was mixed with, it was hard to tell the difference between the chicken and beef just from the color of the meat. I definitely preferred the spicier chicken patty though. It's a type of heat that does gang up on you as you continue to eat, so if you're sensitive to spicy food, the chicken might not be as great a choice. The Guyanese patty had great flavor (mild) and the ground beef was more the texture of regular ground beef. I also got the noodle dessert, it pretty much resembles a kugel. I think that this noodle dessert was more moist than the kugel desserts I've had and I actually preferred this one! I can't wait to go back to try the roti and other island food!
<review# 97,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2014,8/21/2014,253,122,8,13,11>One of the largest selection of Asian groceries around in Fort Lauderdale area. There is a huge variety of Asian and Hispanic foods. Not sure why they are allowed to keep the Foodtown chain name and logo, but it's nothing like the actual Foodtown chain I've seen.Pro:-Huge variety of Asian sauces, ramen, snacks, candy, frozen foods. Mostly Chinese / Thai / Vietnamese / Taiwanese, however you can only find some Japanese / Korean / Indian stuff.-Fresh Asian vegetables. -Fresh seafood section. Offer a lot of weird stuff you would never see in Publix. Sharks, turtles, live eels...-Asian bakery with fresh and delicious cakes, sandwich and breads. Pretty decent $2.50Bubble Tea.-They offer Banh mi and Pho to go. But you are better off to go to Pho 79 next door.-Chinese medicine. (Not recommended.)-Exotic meats like pig feet, tongue, ovaries, liver, blood cake, beef tripe, heart rabbits... goes on and on.-DIY Hotpot heaven. - It has almost every food items you need for hotpot! The pots, gas burner, thin sliced meats, veggies, frozen hotpot goodies, soup base... Cons:-Expired food are all over the places. Check before you buy!-Crappy return policy. 24 Hours for frozen/refrigerated items and 3 days for others.This is pretty much the only place I shop for my Asian groceries. Even my vegan coworker loves this place for it's huge varieties of vegan meats and tofu selection. However I really wish they can clean up the place a bit and reduce that typical Asian market smell.
<review# 98,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2014,8/20/2014,145,67,2,7,6>Three things I love about this place:1) It's right on the beach, specifically a popular beaching area in Hollywood (great for meeting new people if that's on your personal agenda)2) The tacos are consistently delicious and well-priced (as well as the drinks)3) The nightly happy hour special is the bestest: $1 tacos and $2 margaritas 10pm-1amI've visited here during the regular daytime and also during the after-hours.  During the day they have live music and Ping-Pong tables, and the tables range from regular sitting tables to outdoor couches to casual bar seating.  The floor is covered in a mix of sand and rock, making you feel like your still walking on the boardwalk.  There's a hostel connected to this restaurant, so many of the hostel occupants come here to eat and socialize.  I enjoy this place mainly for the excellent tacos and the beachy scene.  It's outdoors, but also has good coverage in the event of the dreaded South Florida summer rainstorms.  The crowd here is very casual and laid-back; I wouldn't compare it to any movies scenes in Getting Over Sarah Marshall or (my favorite) Blue Crush, but the atmosphere is very beach cozy and low-key.  Bottom line, if you're looking for good-casual beach dining, visit Taco Beach Shack.
<review# 99,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2014,8/19/2014,38,81,3,4,6>I ordered a custom cake for my Holland-obsessed friend who came to visit in the middle of the World Cup and they were able to accommodate with short notice and minimal direction!  I spoke with the baker, Chelsi, who gave me her email address.  I sent her an image of a cake for inspiration and an image of a logo and let her design the cake using that info and team colors / Netherland flag.  She shot me an email the morning when the cake was ready and it looked great!  My friend was stoked with his personalized team cake and - though I don't eat cake myself, I was told that the cake not only looked great but also tasted amazing.  It was very rich and moist.Though there were a few imperfections, it did not affect the overall quality of the cake.  I did call around a few other places and it was hard to get a cake so quickly and it was also very fairly priced by comparison.  Overall it was a hassle-free experience and we got an awesome one-of-a kind cake!
<review# 100,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2014,8/18/2014,561,133,10,13,15>After an early morning Sunday drive down by the water, my friend & I were ready for a good breakfast. I love trying new places so when this diner was suggested I was all ready to go. We were greeted by a very nice hostess who sat us immediately. They were not very busy when we got there but when we left they were packed.Walking through the diner I felt like I was back in New York. It was your normal Greek style old fashioned diner. The restaurant was very clean. The floors were spotless. The employees looked happy & it felt very cozy. The waitresses look like nurses. They wear white uniforms that look exactly like what a nurse would wear. I do not understand that. Many many years ago when I was a waitress, I was constantly getting food all over me. Okay, I wasn't a great waitress, maybe I dropped way to many plates but I knew I was always dirty at the end of my shift. White just seems like an odd color for a server that's all. But then again, not everyone is as clumsy as me.  Within seconds of being seated, Jean came over & offered us coffee. I was only drinking water but my friend said the coffee was very good. He is picky when it comes to coffee so if he liked it I am sure it was pretty good.We ordered a short stack of pancakes, french toast & side of bacon. We shared everything. I ordered the bacon extra crispy & it was excellent. I like french toast a little thicker on challah bread & this was prepared on a thinner bread. I thought it was okay but my friend enjoyed it a lot. The pancakes were ridiculously good. They were light & fluffy & yes I want to go back for more.Jean came back to check on us several times. Before I needed more water she was all ready there to refill it along with my friends coffee. She was not overly chatty but then again it was 7am on a Sunday. We were very happy with the service we received & will definitely ask to be seated in Jean's section next time we go.I felt very safe because a group of cops came in to eat & took over a good section of the dining room. They looked like regulars to me. I was thinking about asking them if I can take their picture but I was starting to annoy my friend. He does not think it is normal to take pictures of my food & I think I was embarrassing him. I did manage to get a few good pictures.  :)I am looking forward to trying some of their Greek dishes. Actually I am also looking forward to more of those yummy pancakes...The prices seemed reasonable, the service was excellent & the food was great. I left feeling very full and very happy I found a new place for breakfast.
<review# 101,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2014,8/17/2014,632,223,13,21,17>I love Flashback Diner.  When I lived in Aventura I used to frequent the one in Hallandale,  I was sad and depressed thinking that it would be weeks or months between joyous visits to FD. Alas, the hubs told me that there was another location close to where we were moving, and not to despair- but you never know one location is not an indication of the quality of another -even if it is the same owner so I was worried and anxious about our first meal at the 'new' location. Would there be flat screen televisions on the tables?  Would they have EXTRA large delicious deserts? Would the food be fantastic?  Would the servers be friendly???  The anticipation, the stress! Parking:When we walked in, there was one major difference between the two locations, and that is the availability of parking!!  You might not be able to park directly in the front, but there is parking in the back of the restaurant.  Pets: Another major difference is the outdoor seating.  Whether you agree with bringing Fido to lunch or not, he is welcome to join you and your family in the outdoor area.  It is completely covered, and equipped with both fans, and space heaters to accommodate all weather conditions, and is nice to sit there during a nice day outside- The one downside for new mommies is that there is smoking allowed in this outdoor section- Food: I ordered my usual french toast with a side of eggs and a bagel (The Flashback Special)- and it was amazing!!  Completely on par with the other location and I was elated.  The hubs had an egg-white omelette with oatmeal and a bagel.  If you love oatmeal or grits, be sure to get there before 12 as they run out, and do not make any more for the remainder of the day.  You can still order breakfast, but those items are gone!  Since that first experience we have been back many many many times, and all times have been pretty great!  One time we had an issue with the food coming out slow- but I'm sure that happens everywhere from time to time, and it did not ruin my fabulous brunch.   I've had pancakes, sandwiches, salads, and have all been very tasty.
<review# 102,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2014,8/16/2014,117,213,10,13,9>OML!So, as the story goes (and hang with me here as I'll attempt to make my point in a couple of paragraphs) I will typically jog Fort Lauderdale Beach on a Saturday and/or Sunday morning. It's absolutely beautiful as the sun is rising. Calm. Relaxing. Scenic.This morning, I had a change of plans. I was reading Yelp reviews about this new doughnut shop on Commercial and A1A. I wanted to get my seven miles in, and finish my route near Rhino so that I could, ya know, check out the goods.I know! I know! It defeats the purpose of jogging if you're going to snack on some doughnuts directly after the jog. I get that ... and I have no viable explanation.I ordered six doughnuts. Notice that I call them doughnuts. Rhino's tag-line is: "You say donut, I say doughnut." Yes! Dough! As in, very chewy dough that serves as the foundation. The toppings are rich and creamy. In particular, the PB&J doughnut is incredibly delicious. The peanut butter is the richest, smoothest and creamiest peanut butter you'll ever try (and the folks at Rhino sprinkle some roasted peanuts on top for good measure). The raspberry jam in the middle is like real jam. So good. It's like PB&J with the crust cut off. Ha.The creams they spread on top of the doughnuts are so creamy. The fillings they inject inside are very flavorful, including the sour cream filling.Listen ... I love Mojo and Dandee, but this place jumps to the top of my "Best" list for doughnuts. I strongly recommend making a visit. Check it out for yourself. A little more expensive, but you won't be disappointed.
<review# 103,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2014,8/15/2014,1682,120,41,47,50>Holland Park you are so close to my home and I just found you! This small park has an awful lot packed into a smallish space! Tucked into Hollywood's East side along the Intracoastal waterway this little gem is sitting in a great spot on what is basically a mangrove!If you love water sports this is a great spot to launch your adventure! Boat ramps, boat parking slips, and also a great spot to shove off your kayak and see all sorts of wildlife, whether it be people playing on the water or all sorts of nature's inhabitants! Got a need for speed? Bring your jet ski and skim the waters in the bay that opens up here, but keep your eyes open for no wake and manatee zones!This is Yelp so I will tie in your culinary options once you hit the waves!  Across the Intracoastal you will find Le Tub the home of America's number one ranked burger, Billy's Stone Crab, Giorgio's Bakery and Bistro, Joe's Tiki Bar & Sushi, Capone's Flicker Lite Pizza & Raw Bar for some Chi-town style pizza, GG's Waterfront Bar & Grill for steaks and seafood! These spots are all within a 1/4 mile from the park and all have boat parking out in front of their establishments.Up and down the Intracoastal you will find many places to stop and get your grub on or grab that cold drink to sooth the tropical heat of the South Florida sun! Love fishing? This is a great spot that has access to all sorts of salt water fishing, bay backwater, Intracoastal and all accessible by foot with shoreline and a long boardwalk made just for the angler in you! Note: No fishing license needed for Florida residents fishing from land.Sightseeing? Bird watching? This cool park has an observation tower that goes up 4 flights of stairs and gives you a great 360 degree view of civilization, wildlife and all the happenings in the Hollyhood. It also has restrooms, wheel chair ramps, a short bike path, picnic areas and an Eco-Walk trail where you'll never know what you'll find! If you're a boater, outdoor enthusiast or just want a mellow place to park your buns it's worth checking out peeps! Enjoy!
<review# 104,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2014,8/14/2014,243,193,3,8,5>This is a great little brunch place in the Ft. Lauderdale area. With that, know that they get extremely busy on the weekends. They don't take reservations and their waiting area is lacking (especially if it's raining outside, and there's absolutely no where to stand besides by the one-person restrooms), but good things come to those who wait. The servers at this establishment really do hustle and try to get your party situated, but food and drinks come out on the slower end. Definitely a place to check out if you're having a lazy Sunday morning and just want to have a good time with good food and good friends.My girlfriends and I all ordered some form of their mimosas to start off with. They have various flavors such as pomegranate , peach, watermelon (which they ran out of by the early afternoon), and cranberry. All are served in non-traditional champagne flutes which puts this place on the swankier side. We had their Donut Holes and Milk to start off with. The order comes with 5 deep fried donut holes that are fluffy and crispy with a dusting of cinnamon sugar. Pretty tasty and good way to either start of end your meal. I ordered their Short Rib Benedict for my meal and it was a hefty amount of food. It wasn't the best short ribs I've ever had, but definitely a must-try on their menu. The meat was tender, but I didn't care too much for the sauce they had. The Short Ribs Benedict came with a meager side of fruit. Honestly, they could have been a little bit more generous with the fruit. I felt like I needed more citrus or fruity to cut through the fattiness of the main dish. I think I'll order something on the sweet side next time I visit because one of my friends ordered the White Chocolate Raspberry Pancakes and those were delicious. Anyway, halfway through my meal, I decided I needed another drink and the BLT Sake Mary caught my attention. I ordered it right away and was blown away. I really couldn't figure out how they got the bacon that was sticking out of the glass to stay crispy. Honestly, I love bacon, and they did the BLT part of the drink some justice. I liked the celery ice cubes they put in the drink too, they actually tasted like celery! Nom nom nom. I was a happy camper.They have specials during the week for dinner I believe, and I'd love to try this place out for more brunches and dinners.
<review# 105,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2014,8/13/2014,170,489,5,5,3>We had a serious ant problem several months ago and my neighbor's pest control guy who is with a big name company came over and berated me that MY ants were causing him a problem in my neighbors yard. He then said he would handle them for me for a ridiculous fee. First of all - they are not MY ants. If they were, I would teach them to sit, stay, come and heel.  I would groom them monthly and put bows in their hair (see photo of my dog in my pics for reference). Second of all - I don't want a rude man killing MY ants. I want a nice person euthanizing them.  So, I needed to find my own pest control company stat. After talking to our trusty contacts in the area, we received Ringdahl as a reference with high praise. So, I called them and Mark came out promptly to handle MY ants.  Whether he killed them or ant whispered to them to high tail it out of there before they got nuked and it would be best if they go elsewhere, I do not know, nor do I want to. All I know is he sprayed everywhere, indoors and out, and for the yearly package I purchased, he promptly comes back at no charge. Just recently, I saw a few of MY ants had returned after a lot of rain.  My yard is very zen, and they just must like the vibe here at the homestead.I called Ringdahl again, and Mark came out while I was working free of charge and talked to MY ants.  Mark and the ants were all gone before I got home.   Perhaps he takes them in his truck to the ant humane society for adoption.  Perhaps he politely requested they go to their summer home in New Jersey. I cannot say for sure, but I can give lots of thank to the Ringdahl team for managing MY ant problem!
<review# 106,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2014,8/12/2014,206,12,8,12,13>I've been coming to Club Men barbershop since the very beginning. The barbershop actually went through a new renovation,not because the other model was ugly or decrepit, because they just wanted to make it more modern.The shop has a very vintage feel.They always have something good playing on their TV's, but usually it's something sports related. Also they have pandora running throughout the shop playing the hits of 2013, which is nice. My haircut is always spot on and just how I want it. My go to guy is Ben, he is the owner and he does a great job. My father on the other hand loves Liz, who has also been here for a long time, cuts hair very well also.Within the past few months they hired some new people which the crowd seems to like a lot. If you're looking for a great haircut in a clean and professional environment, then this is definitely your place.
<review# 107,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2014,8/11/2014,13,84,5,4,4>This little place is fantastic. I have now found my favorite authentic Mexican restaurant. I've had their burritos, pupusas, quesadillas, and tamales and all of them have been the best I've had. Their steak burrito is super flavorful and I just love it. It comes with a side of white rice and beans and those are great as well. Their mixed pupusa is so tasty. Get it. Trust me. I won't even go into detail or it'll give me the urge to go buy a bunch of them right this very moment.The tamale is not your everyday tamale. It comes with chicken, chick peas, and carrots inside and it's wonderful. My favorite tamale ever. It's very moist and has great flavor. *drool*Their staff is friendly and everything has always been done quick.Go here now.
<review# 108,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2014,8/10/2014,551,604,5,5,4>Bang bang shoot em' up!!What a fun time we had coming here.Man listen, if you need to release some frustration, instead of spending the night in jail because you punched a person in the face, just shoot a gun at a target!We came here because my niece brought a Groupon for 1 hour and we shot around and had a great time before heading to the beach. It goes like this: 1) Sign necessary paper work and pay.2) Watch 10 minute video on safety and protection.3) Select eye and ear protection gear. 4) Select your target        -They have a plethora of different targets. We chose hot pink. Typical.5) Go into the shooting room and one of the employees properly shows you how to load, hold and shoot the gun.6) *Optional* Have a mini panic attack because if someone else shoots its loud as shit and will most likely startle you.7) Shoot and have funnnnnnn!--------------------------------------------------­-------------------------------------------------Additional info: - Wear comfy lightweight clothes because the room gets super hot.- There are approx. 10-12 lanes.- Once you shoot be careful because sometimes shell casings may hit you and they will burn. One guy in there had one of the empty shell casings land between the safety goggles and his eyebrow.- No drinks allowed inside the room.- Additional earplugs are available upon request.- Walt and Liz were working that day and they are friendly and cool as shit!
<review# 109,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2014,8/9/2014,361,78,5,10,10>We went on a friend's recommendation. The concept is really cool - the sushi bar is surrounded by a mote of water, and you sit with open access to the mote. These little sushi boats float along carrying different dishes, and you grab what you want to eat as it floats by. We started at the bar, and sampled many of the dishes that were delicious. The portions are small, with only a few bites on each plate, so you are not committed to any one for your whole meal.  We were meeting friends, and the 2 seats reserved for then were next to the entrance to the kitchen. I could tell that when they arrived they would actually be blocking the kitchen entrance, not a good thing.  And they can get really crowded, so there were not any additional seats at the bar. We cashed out and moved to a table so we would all be comfortable.Once at the table we just ordered from the regular menu.  The drawback of the bar concept is that they only prepare certain rolls for the boats, and once you tried them there is not much variation.  I could see many more rolls on the menu, that I think if you request at the bar they would put on the boats, but it was hard to know what was actually made already and what to request.We ordered more rolls once our friends got there. They were all delicious, and I have no complaints.  It is a small restaurant, and once you are over the novelty of the boats, it is just a good sushi restaurant with a standard sushi menu.
<review# 110,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2014,8/8/2014,292,387,17,16,15>This is the kind of review I wish I could've "recorded" and "played" back... this way I could get the full "TWANG" effect.   Until Yelp makes video or voice recording I just have to do the best I can without the country accent...I was here about 10 years ago and it was quite the interesting experience... back then it was more "authentic" country and the crowd was more shit-kicker (like a country version of New Jersey douche).  We arrived with a very diverse group and one of our guests was annoyingly flamboyant (nice guy but didn't know when to tone it down)... the bouncers "bounced" him from entering the club, he responded by calling over the police and ironically they told him he was lucky to be tossed out for his own protection... we ditched him and entered the club; and had ourselves quite the night.Having not visited in 10 years, thanks to Yelp I've returned 3x in 2013.  Today the club is a completely new scene... I guess as the area has lost it's country roots; and so has this western club.   Back then it was "all" country music and today it may be country but you'll hear songs and people look at each other saying "that's country?".   Don't be shocked to hear pop and booty music.  Personally, I like the vibe of today's Round Up more.There is a cover charge typically but it's worth it and the drinks are fairly priced (unlike South Beach where you need to get a second mortgage to pay for those over-priced drinks).  Round Up did manage to surprise me with a food menu (never expected to see a menu in a club)... on my last visit I ordered a chicken sandwich and to tell the truth I expected to be "just okay" (but I was hungry) and guess what... I was proven wrong;  it was rather good.Their dance floor is quite large and line-dancing is quite popular here.  I don't line-dance.... actually I just don't dance in general, so I just watch.  For those of you that also don't dance BUT want to learn, they do free line-dancing lessons.   And if you want to dance with the whole family (INCLUDING THE KIDS) then show up on Sunday evenings and enjoy no cover for kids under 16... plus they have kids meals and drink specials (this way the kids can see mommy and daddy get drunk).See Y'ALL at ROUND UP !
<review# 111,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2014,8/7/2014,465,141,9,18,14>I want to start off by saying I never liked donuts until I met these.We came here on Sunday at around 10:45 AM. The line was long but It went pretty fast. I was greeted with a smile by a lady who helped me choose my half dozen of donuts. They had such a large variety of unique creations. I really felt like I was in donut heaven. I was so happy I could hardly stand still. Yes, I felt like kid again; making it obvious it was my first time at Mojo Donuts.I couldn't wait to open my box of goodness! In fact, I didn't wait. I started snapping pictures of my box of goodness while in the car and sending them to everyone I know. Though I did wait till I got home because I wanted the setting to be perfect. I chose guava and cheese, peanut butter jelly, creme brulee, 2 bacon logs ;) and chocolate rasberry cheesecake. Each donut had such a unique, delicious and fresh flavor. It's hard to pick a favorite; but I did. The Bacon Log - The name says it all. Its a long donut with maple glazing and "real" pieces of bacon on top. I knew this one would be one of my favorite but I didn't expect it to be that good. Sweet, salty, soft dough meets, call me crazy but, Honey Baked Ham. It tasted like a Holiday in my mouth. That bacon, that maple that soft dough. Holy moly so good!Guava And Cheese - Simple, delicate and delicious. Perfect amount of guava and cheese. The guava tasted authentic. Peanut Butter And Jelly - Better than a peanut butter and jelly sandwich. I could taste each flavor individually the peanut butter, the jelly then that delicious soft melt in your mouth dough. YUM!Creme Brulee -  First thing I noticed was the top layer of hard caramel it had a candy, toasty type of taste; The custard had a rich vanilla flavor. It was delicious. Chocolate Rasberry Cheesecake -  I loved the perfectly plump and sweet rasberry on top. The inside had a cheesy, sweet gooey filling. The chocolate on the donut was simple and not overpowering. This is my favorite donut shop and I can't wait to try the rest of their donuts. This donut shop is the definition of dangerously delicious.
<review# 112,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2014,8/6/2014,41,84,3,9,4>I love this place! I found it one night as we were debating on going to Tijuana Flats. I didn't really want to go there and remembered there was a place close by that was getting splendid reviews. So I did some convincing and we gave it a whirl. It is located in a small plaza next to Subway and parking is quite sparse. Tried it out on a Saturday night and it was pretty crowded. Came towards the end of the night around 830ish and it was still pretty busy. I ordered the tamarind juice which I loved. Tried the mexican lasagna which is my favorite. Also have tried the wet burrito with chicken and it was also so good. The sauce they use on the lasagna is sooo good and spicy. I love it! The chips are also good here, they are different from the regular tortilla chips you usually get. These were fresh and very crispy. I did try the mexican ice cream and must say i was disappointed with it. the outside was hard not crunchy. Although that was pretty disappointing I'd go back again for sure. I didn't take away from my experience as my service was good and price was reasonable. I gave it a 5 stars since some of the dishes were unique and different than some of the other local spots.
<review# 113,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2014,8/5/2014,299,320,7,11,12>I can't believe this is my first time to Cielito Lindo considering I live in Pompano and this is one of the only Mexican restaurants in east Pompano, I knew it was there, driven past plenty of times, it's a small building on the corner on Dixie highway in not the nicest of neighborhoods so I wasn't compelled to stop before, well I have been missing out! The restaurant is small, but very clean and cute inside.  There isn't a bar area, but even though it's small there are plenty of tables and they are comfortable and not on top of each other.  Service was very welcoming and friendly, very attentive and helpful.This is what we had:- Special Jose Cuervo Margaritas on the rocks with salt:  $4 each! 5 stars- Chips: FRESH, thin, crispy, warm, delicious:  5 stars- Salsas:  Fresh, tasty, authentic:  5 stars- Carne Asada:  Grilled marinated steak, tender, excellent rice, tasty refried beans, guac,very good! 4.5 stars because it was missing the typical green onions on top and the guac serving was on the small side.- Steak Fajitas:  Amazing! Plenty of meat, tender big chunks, overall excellent flavor - 5 stars- Flan: Creamy, tasty.  4 starsWe found the food to be excellent, and very reasonable priced! I couldn't get over that the Margaritas were only $4 bucks! The same Margarita would cost $9 at Roccos!  We will definitely be returning.
<review# 114,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2014,8/4/2014,319,136,5,15,11>Very nice experience here, although I must qualify that we were here early (5:30pm) and the place started off empty.  Our experience did not start off completely on the right foot.  The hostess had a bit of an attitude about seating us at a table at 5:30pm when it was reserved for 7:20, but I promised her that with two kids in tow, we would not be hanging around & drinking for long.  Indeed, we ate and were heading home by 6:30pm. The service afterwards more than made up for that glitch. It was informative, friendly, and super efficient.  The menu is eclectic with so many yummy looking choices.  It changes every few months so several items I had read about in reviews were not even on the menu anymore.  I chose two small plates and they both delivered in taste and presentation  The Pork Shrimp & Green Chive Pot Stickers ($9)  were delish!  What really made the dish work was the white soy emulsion the pot stickers were swimming in.  I was tempted to pick up my plate and slurp up the rest of the sauce but I minded my manners and resisted. I also had the Spicy Tuna Chop Chop ($13).  I had a similar dish at Lemongrass, but this was much better.  The little rice cakes here were much tastier, smaller, & more manageable. The tuna tartar on top packed a nice but tasty punch. Husband ordered the wonderful & flavorful Short Ribs ($19).  The meat just melted in your mouth and the sauce was also plate lickin' worthy.  10 year old's Rebel Burger ($13) was pretty big and tasty but the fries were quite bland.   The only dish that really fell short was the Salmon ($21). It was supposed to be basmati crusted, chickpea chole, etc.  Bottom line....it had no taste and my son ate about two bites of it. The decor is dark, warm, inviting, and so different than many of the large chain like places in South Florida. As some other reviews have said, it feels more like a bar in NY than Boca Raton. We actually sat outside because all of the inside tables were reserved for later.  When it started to fill up, there were actually quite a lot of families at this gastropub for the early dinner hour. I  would definitely return, this time with a reservation!
<review# 115,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2014,8/3/2014,78,75,5,10,6>Yelp don't fail me now. That was my thought process as I ventured out for lunch today with a co-worker. I was seriously craving some BBQ so after consulting with the oracle of goodness ( also known as my Yelp app) we ventured out.It is a very small place that screams authentic the moment you walk in the door. No frills. Repeat, no frills. This isn't a date night place oozing with ambiance. I could smell the pit as we walked across the parking lot and my Pavlovian response kicked in.I ordered a pulled pork sandwich, mac and cheese, baked beans and hush puppies. I know what you're thinking, it's a lot of food but hey, don't judge me...LOL. I was amazed at the portion size. There was enough pulled pork to make three huge sandwiches. The brought out a roll in a zip lock sandwich bag and I promptly made and devoured some heavenly pork. So juicy, smoky and flavorful.The hush puppies were so good...crunchy brown on the outside, sweet and tender inside. I was popping these in my mouth and at frenetic and calorically unhealthy pace. They are delicious but moderation is advised. The baked beans were good but the mac and cheese was not on par with everything else. That's the only thing that didn't knock my socks off.My friend had the fried catfish. "Excellent" he exclaimed! Again, the portions were huge. He had fried okra and collard greens as his sides and he proclaimed them "the ultimate soul food" side dishes.The service was homey, polite and simple. Nothing fancy, just right.Needless to say it was more than we could eat and we got to-go containers to wrap up the rest for later. I only hope I can survive the oncoming food induced coma in time to rally for a big weekend.Highly recommended for serious "Q" lovers.
<review# 116,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2014,8/2/2014,100,55,4,6,7>This place is so amazing and the place I come when calories don't count. Since I've been here a few times, I will just give a review on the items I've had here. Arepa rellena con pollo: this is my number one favorite thing here. The corn arepa is always so nice and fresh and has a a great taste to it. The shredded chicken... Oh. My. God. The flavors and seasoning are so amazing and then it is topped with yummy white cheese and crushed potato chips. Just everything yum and everything bad for the hips. They have the options of these three yummy sauces as toppings. They are mayochup (ketchup and mayo), this garlic pesto sauce, and a pineapple sauce. My boyfriend loves all three. I'm not a sauce person, but they are quite tasty. Cheese tequeno: this little baby has everything a I like. Bread and cheese. It's a long breadstick baked and filled with cheese. To. Die. For. Grilled chicken Caesar salad: I always get this with no dressing when my boyfriend orders in. I do crossfit 5 days a week and all the other menu items are definitely not in my diet. All the ingredients are very fresh and the portion is very generous. Probably one of my favorite salads ever. Grilled chicken platter: since I'm always watching what I eat, and want a little treat on the side I get this. The platter comes with a fresh grilled chicken breast, with sliced tomato and lettuce and a side if French fries. If I want to keep it healthy and have a little indulgence, I order this. It takes away the cheating craving. I had this last night and it was amazing. The chicken was made fresh and nice and hot! I am thinking of going back today to get the grilled chicken Caesar salad. The reason why I won't give it up a full 5 is because the music was blaring a little too loud for my taste.
<review# 117,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2014,8/1/2014,35,128,3,9,4>My wife was out of town for a few days, and her sabbatical spanned our traditional pizza night, on Tuesdays.  Always up for gastronomical adventure, my daughter and I decided to skip our usual "go to" pizza joint, and try something different.  On a recent visit to Southern Kitchen, I was reminded of Palermo's because I had to park on the other side of the lot and walk past their storefront -- Southern Kitchen pays their rent on Sunday mornings. So we drove down together, parked right in front of their window, and went inside. The dining area isn't much to look at -- simple and spartan, clean but dated. Coolers along one wall filled with canned/bottled sodas and teas, walls covered with the usual Italian flair you see in pizzerias -- shelves with cans of tomato sauce, olive oil, etc.  A friendly guy behind the counter says hello to us as he answers the phone to take a delivery order. Behind him is the namesake "brick oven", which to me, looks like any other gas metal oven I've ever seen at most other pizzerias. There were some stones built up and plastered around the oven, but a quick look inside the oven as another chef/cook in the kitchen checked on a couple of pies he had inside, it's insides were metal, not brick.A little disappointed, I must admit, we grab a couple of drinks and sit down at one of the tables to decide on our pie. Deciding on "The Works" from their gourmet pizza section -- sausage, pepperoni, mushrooms, olives, and peppers -- we close our menus in the universal sign for "we're ready to order", and wait for someone to take it. After about 5 minutes, I'm forced to start making eye contact with the friendly guy who greeted us when we first came in.  He's on the phone again with another take out order -- probably the 4th or 5th call since we sat down. When he hangs up, he calls out to me that if we're ready, he'll take my order at the counter.  Ok, I'm new, don't know the procedure, no waiters, I can deal with it.  I order, sit back down, and wait about 10 or 15 minutes while my daughter debriefed me about her day.  All the while, the phone continues to ring, two delivery drivers keep filing in and out, as do customers either picking up their already phoned in orders, or ordering and waiting at their tables in the dining area. They do a brisk business there, for sure. I'm thinking to myself that the pie must be good then.Shortly thereafter, the pizza arrives, steaming hot, and filling the room with the smells of sausage, bread, and herbs. It looked and smelled wonderful.  We have to break the rules of pizza etiquette and cut the first few bites with a fork and knife, for fear of flopping the toppings, and burning a layer of flesh from the roof of our mouths. The bread was excellent -- crisp, but not hard, light and flavorful -- but a little thin to support all of our toppings. Big, thick slices of sausage that almost looked like gyro meat spread on top of the cheese, sauce and bread. I looked around the dining room, and there wasn't an empty table, but we were the only ones eating or drinking -- the take out orders had turned the dining room into the waiting room. I could have easily polished off half the pie without even coming up for air, but in trying to keep my New Year's resolution, I threw in the towel after two slices. As did my daughter, and we ended up with half a pie to take home.All in all, it was a great meal at a reasonable price. I backed off from 5 stars because of the "brick" oven, and the dining/waiting room scene.  We'll definitely order from them again ......... But probably only take out.
<review# 118,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2014,7/31/2014,193,173,7,10,7>This eatery is basically a little hole in the wall, with a cute little lady behind the counter who is very busy preparing food.  It's cash only so be ready if you want to get a meal here.  Everything is very cheap and you can get lots of food for a small price.I have to admit some of the dishes in the refrigerated case scared me a bit. I saw a lot of nasty bits floating around in some containers that my have been delicious but I guess I'll never know because I didn't have the courage.  I'm what you'd call a semi-adventurous eater, I'll eat snails and alligator but not chicken feet or pig's feet.  Maybe it's the appearance. Call me ignorant, or maybe I just have to try it once and I'll be hooked, who knows... Anyhow, they have a nice selection of banh mi sandwiches, but there were some ready made dishes on display on the counter and they looked good enough that I decided to buy three of them.  I wasn't thrilled at the fact that they weren't refrigerated, especially the chicken, but the lady behind the counter said she just put them out.  For fourteen dollars I got enough food for 2-3 meals.First up were the banh beo -steamed rice cakes.  This was my least favorite of the three.  The texture was a bit on the gooey side and they didn't taste too fresh - there was a slight fishiness to them and I couldn't eat more than a bite.Next was the banh cuon - the steamed rice flour roll.  I love this stuff - whether it's prepared as a dim sum dish stuffed with pork or shrimp or just straight up with soy sauce - this slippery, starchy, carboy noodle dish was right up my alley and with a little bit of the accompanying fish sauce I was in heaven.Last, I got the lemongrass chicken with a side of sticky rice.  The chicken was tasty, moist and well-seasoned but the rice really stole the show - it was flavorful and wonderfully glutinous.  I could have eaten a pot full of the stuff, so glad I don't live close by!So if you're in the area, give this place a try.  It's a nice change of pace from the usual sandwich and salad lunch options in the same strip mall.
<review# 119,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2014,7/30/2014,269,374,6,11,8>This is definitely not just for kids! Mark A. and I had such a fun time with all the hands-on exhibits. I thought 2 hours would be plenty of time to explore everything. Wrong! We weren't able to get into the human body stuff upstairs! The first floor isn't as impressive as the second. I was expecting more out of the airboat ride, but it's really nothing but wind and bumps. The simulated scenery didn't even have any fun surprise animals to check out.A few of the things downstairs weren't working either. Computer blue/black screen of death. Touch screen not working. Half of the green screen effect not working.Take the fun upstairs to simulate flying a plane! Or test what it feels like to be one! Or get frustrated by spending too much time on the brain teasers you can't figure out! That's where the party's at!I'll definitely be back to finish up my visit and hopefully solve those riddles!
<review# 120,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2014,7/29/2014,43,7,6,14,10>I've been here a few times and I LOVE it!  I had a hard time finding the restaurant on my first visit.  I knew it was in the Colonnade Outlets so I parked and began walking around, and walking, and walking...  I finally called and they said they were located "in front of" the Grand Lux.They are actually behind the Grand Lux, as if you are walking into the mall.  As you walk up, you will notice the welcoming outside dining area.  It is a covered area and there are both tables and sofas. When you enter the restaurant, you will be immediately greeted by a smiling hostess. The decor of the restaurant is very hip and modern.  The bar allows for seating both inside and outside.  Here is what I have tried:Burgers: Zinburger topped with Manchego Cheese, Zinfandel Braised Onions and Mayo. Samburger topped with Applewod Smoked Bacon, Cheddar Cheese and 1000 Island Dressing. They grind their burgers fresh daily.  Both burgers were juicy and flavorful.  There are about 10 different burger options, or you can choose to "build your own."  They also have other sandwich or salad options.  But, you came here for the burgers, right?Sides:  Truffle Fries, Zucchini Fries and Onion Rings  They were all great and the portions are large enough to share.  The onion rings, served with a sweet bbq sauce, were my favorite.  Shakes:  Ohhh Emmm Geee!  You have to try the shakes!  The "Shake of the Month" is the Fat Elvis - vanilla ice cream, peanut butter, bananas and topped with whipped cream!  Yes, please!  I've also had the Salted Caramel. Both are to die for!  (they'll even make it in a kids size if you ask)Happy hour: They have happy hour specials Monday thru Friday 3-6pm and Wednesdays (all day) bottles of wine are half off!  It's a full bar.  The specialty cocktails were good, but I felt they were small for the price. I tried both the Patron Margarita and the Girl Next Door.  Service:  Service has been excellent at the bar on more than one occasion, very attentive and professional.  Dined one time in the dining room.  Service was slow and server seemed to lack experience. They've only been open a few weeks, so with any new restaurant, they still need to work out some kinks.  Looking forward to going back and trying some of their other burgers!
<review# 121,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2014,7/28/2014,108,342,4,11,7>Friends of ours recommended this place so we went for a Father's Day early dinner. It's a small restaurant and it was very busy so we had to wait about 30 minutes for a table, but I think that's probably just because it was Father's Day. After seating our group of 6 we ordered Inka Kola ($1.60 per can), and Cusquena beer ($3.50) and later a pitcher of chicha morada (around $10 I think...glass of chicha is $3). Next were the appetizers: leche de tigre ($8) which was fantastic and a fried yuca with huancaina sauce ($7). The fried yuca was breaded on outside but soft and tasty on inside and sauce was great. Then we ordered a conchitas a la parmesana ($15 for 5 or 6 of them) and they were very good as well, especially the cheese.For our entrees we had the ceviche criolla ($12) which was just so-so and not as good as the leche de tigre and two types of tacu tacu: one with pollo saltado which was very good although would have been better with lomo I think, and another with shrimp and a yellow sauce poured over it. My wife didn't like the shrimp one but mother in law and I did. The service was great for most of the visit but for some reason the tacu tacu took forever to come out. We almost canceled it because it was taking so long and asked for the bill but other than that the service was good. Prices are reasonable and we will definitely visit Sr. Ceviche again.
<review# 122,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2014,7/27/2014,90,118,4,11,4>My boyfriend and I wandered in here in search of a burger place not too far from home. The restaurant was empty; however, it was quite close to closing time. The owner was behind the counter and welcomed us immediately. He was friendly, helpful, and patient despite the fact that were closing shortly.  The place was clean and bright. It was a fun atmosphere overall. I ordered a bacon burger cooked medium with sautéed onions, lettuce, tomato, ketchup, and mustard with a side of coleslaw. My boyfriend ordered a bacon cheeseburger cooked medium with lettuce, tomato, and ketchup. He had fries with his. My burger was juicy and cooked to perfection. The toppings were fresh. I am pretty sure I devoured it in under 2 minutes! The fries were awesome, and the coleslaw was good!It is missing a five star rating because they were out of knishes, and they also did not have the key lime pie. I was soooo looking forward to both of those, so that was a bummer!We will definitely return.
<review# 123,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2014,7/26/2014,44,58,4,10,8>Officially obsessed. If you want the freshest produce around, look no further! Since moving to the area, I've been hunting for a good farmers market where I can not only find certified organic fruits and veggies, but also locally grown, pesticide-free options. Well, look no more! This is it!Little known fact - when you buy non-organic options at whole foods, they are sprayed with pesticides. Urban Farmer sources as locally as possible to reduce their carbon footprint, and they have established relationships with the farms they source from, so they know there are no pesticides or GMOs. Run by a husband and wife team, urban farmer pops up every Friday and Saturday like the long lost Scottish town from Brigadoon. When you walk into their space on Dixie highway you're immediately greeted with some of the freshest stuff you could ask for. It only arrived a day before you did! You can select items from the farm table or purchase a one-time walk-in share. A HALF share netted me 3 cucumbers, red kale, swiss chard, lychees, grape tomatoes, 5 ears of corn, a huge vidalia onion, green beans, and a few other items for only $35. I immediately signed up for a weekly half-share. We are going to eat like healthy kings! In addition to the amazing produce, they also have a variety of gardening items to help you with your own green thumb. I'm contemplating starting an herb garden, I'm so inspired. Can't wait for next week's share!
<review# 124,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2014,7/25/2014,138,81,2,9,3>So I ate at this place years ago for the lunch buffet and remembered the food being pretty tasty so when I saw Madras on Groupon this past weekend I bought one to give it another try. So glad that I did!! The food was fabulous, service was great and the ambiance was very authentic. I ordered the Channa Masala and my fiancé had Chicken and Lamb Tikka Masala. Both were delicious! I ate the Channa Masala with Naan and it is fantastic! It normally comes with a white rice pilaf that was good, but I decided to order the Naan. The Channa Masala was very flavorful and the naan was perfect. The naan was warm, not too oily and had a great texture and taste. My fiancé ordered his Chicken and Lamb Tikka "hot" and was nice enough to order "a few pieces of chicken on the side" medium for me to have a try. I can't believe he was able to eat the hot order! I am never a fan of very spicy food, but the medium already pretty intense to me. I ate it with the rice pilaf and still drank two waters and a huge ice tea! Be careful when ordering if you don't love too much spice. In all this place was great and we will definitely be back again. We want to try the buffet at some point, but we usually eat dinner out during the week rather than Sundays or lunch so I am not sure when we will be able to. No problem, we will be back for a week night dinner soon!
<review# 125,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2014,7/24/2014,181,103,11,17,12>I've been coming to the Chillbar now for almost a year and I am finally writing this review. Why would I do such an awful thing by keeping this gem a secret? It's because I want them all to myself and I didn't want to share this little nugget with anyone. I love brunch. It's one of the things that I look forward to every weekend. On the weekends I decide to treat myself to brunch at Chillbar, I instantly know it's going to be a fantastic weekend. Located in the rear part of the Yellow Green Farmers Market in Hollywood, this place is well hidden unless you know you're looking for it. Upon entering the farmer's market, you should drive all the way to the back and park right next to the restaurant. I'm telling you now that doing this is your best bet! I recommend making reservations if you're going with more than 3 people. This place is gaining more and more recognition with each passing week so more people are coming out & making it difficult to just snag a table at 12pm on a Sunday afternoon. It's open only on the weekends from 10am to 4pm. I haven't had anything here that wasn't good. Mimosa made with fresh ingredients straight from a garden: mint, lemon, basin, ginger, peach, guava, pomegranate. You name it and they've got it. Mojitos are made with freshly picked mint and their ginger lemon infused coconut water makes you think they cracked opened a coconut in the back with a machete and poured it right into your glass! The french press coffee is by far, the best coffee I've had to date. It's rich and has some caramel and chocolate undertones! The food is just as phenomenal. I recommend trying whatever is on their specials board. Coconut crusted french toast, blueberry pancakes with blueberry butter and blueberry compote, lemon mango pancakes - whatever is on that board, I highly suggest that you try it! The chef is truly a culinary mastermind and between him and his wife Elizabeth, they make one hell of a team! The staff is exceptional and the service is impeccable. You always feel right at home whenever you go there. They encourage their patrons to keep their cell phones & tablets tucked away and engage in conversation with their neighbors. Make a new friend! I've met a number of people here that I never would have had my iPhone or iPad were front and center. If you're celebrating a birthday, Elizabeth gets the attention of everyone in the restaurant to give you a rousing rendition of Happy Birthday sung by the entire restaurant, patrons included! The combination of food, people, and service is mind blowing. The prices aren't too steep either. Mimosa and entree will be between $23-26 and I can guarantee you that you will be very full and will probably have leftovers! Do yourself a favor and head over to Chillbar for a one-of-a-kind brunch that you won't find anywhere else.
<review# 126,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2014,7/23/2014,283,624,7,9,7>Definitely one of the BEST restaurants in Delray Beach.I had dinner here and the dining experience was absolutely fantastic. If you have not been here, then you better add this to your bucket list.Located in the Pineapple Grove section of Downtown Delray, parking is limited, so use the valet option or the garage about two blocks south (free if before 4pm or $5 after 4pm).This place pretty much is always busy so it would be best to have an advanced reservation or the odds are slim you can get a table on the weekends. There are two small bars where you can sit and dine, but I like the front section or back outdoor sections best.The food is unbelievable awesome in the quality, care, and preparation, the service is outstanding.I had an appetizer of Sea Beans ($11) as I never had that dish before and it sounded interesting. I can honestly say it was stunningly great as it was a unique food and preparation for me. It was something like seaweed flash fried in light tempura with aoli sauce and some tempura flakes. It was sorta like sushi without the sushi. This was  fantastic surprise start to the meal.The Pork belly ($15) was melt in your mouth little bites with crisp onions and an incredible sauce that left an incredible satisfying taste in my mouth well after this dish was eaten. Again, one of the best preparations of pork belly I have ever had in my life.I know this is boring, but I ordered The Burger, which is a $30 cheeseburger with an egg and bacon. I know this seemed like a shock as you can order a nice steak for that, but the burger was as tasty as a filet from any steakhouse and the truffle fries were even better than the Capital Grill.I finished with the bread pudding ($13) that was a little on the heavy side and the portion was more than I could eat, but the flavors were outstanding.I really was pleased at how fantastic the food was prepared and tasted at Max's Harvest. I will add this to my short list of favorite places to dine in Delray Beach.
<review# 127,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2014,7/22/2014,351,235,10,19,14>I stumbled onto 13 American Table searching for new places to eat closer to home.   The BIG thing at 13 American Table is their Josper oven.  What's that you ask?......well a Josper oven is a wood stone charcoal broiler oven that gives the food a unique taste.  The great reviews and menu intrigued me, so I made reservations to go try it out with a friend before we saw a show at Mizner Park later that night.   Since the show started at 7:30 on a Friday I made reservations for 5:30 expecting it to be really busy but when we got there the place was pretty empty since it was so early but was starting to fill up as we left.  They offer free valet when you pull up and will even wash your car for a decent price so my first impression was this place was very "Boca".  When you walk in the décor reminded me of an upscale Tap 42 and my friend agreed.  The layout was very open and inviting and the restaurant was very clean.  We were greeted as soon as we walked in and seated immediately.  Good start!They have a pretty awesome drink menu, so it was hard to choose but I decided to go with the Cape Towner - rooibos tea infused four roses bourbon, carpano antica vermouth, muddled orange and luxardo cherry, and bitters, served up.  LOVED IT!  We started with the Josper Grilled Octopus.  The octopus was amazing!!!!  It's served as a whole tentacle grilled with lettuce, chick peas with dressing and hidden underneath all of that goodness is this amazing and creamy hummus.  When you chop and mix everything up it makes for the perfect salad.   We also had the marinated Gulf shrimp and the 8oz Bavette Steak with a side of Sautéed Mushrooms (shallots/thyme/sherry wine) and Smashed Fingerling Potatoes (rosemary sea salt) as our main dish.  My shrimp were huge and the sides were delicious.  My friend said the steak was ok but that is was kinda chewy but she said it tasted very good.  We did not get a chance to try any desserts unfortunately!Overall the service was VERY good our waitress was very friendly and offered many suggestions as we ordered our meal.  She made sure to check on us often but not too much which I appreciate.  The prices are a bit high ($25-40) without sides but they offer cheaper options like sandwiches and pastas plus you can always just go for the happy hour specials and fill up on appetizers and drinks lol!!!  Also worth mentioning they offer I believe it's 10% off your check on the 13th of the month for obvious reasons ;)
<review# 128,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/26/2014,7/21/2014,67,197,3,8,5>For the life of me, I can't understand why I didn't try this place out sooner. Whenever I search "conch" in the area, it appears in my search on Yelp but it's kinda far so that's likely why. My cousin came into town and wanted conch so I decided to go to Lynn's Bahamian Kitchen because the reviews were  pretty good. Lynn's is a small place with a few card tables and chairs strewn about. There's a small dining area but not really good for dining in. When we arrived, most of the patrons were using the tables and chairs to sit and wait for their take-out orders and the wait was a bit long but worth it. There is nothing fancy about this place...it's your typical dive & dine spot. We decided to take our food out to the car and eat it there. I ordered cracked conch with rice and peas, Mac and cheese, and fries and a small conch salad. Now after eating that blah conch from Moby's and Snappers, this was a welcome treat! It was tender, fresh and nicely seasoned. My dinner was $13 and the small conch salad was $6. The conch salad had large chunks of conch with peppers and onion in fresh juice (maybe lemon and orange juices). I took it home and added more lemon juice and hot sauce and it was perfect with a lot of tender conch. Now that I know of this place, I will definitely be going back. I had left overs and when I got home, my husband tasted it and loved it!  One thing though...don't be fooled by the iced tea that looks brewed. It's really just that powdered lemon/tea stuff you mix with water. Lol!!! Just order a canned beverage! I'm anxious to go back! Too bad they're closed today for the Memorial Day holiday :-(
<review# 129,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2014,7/20/2014,251,189,2,15,7>I had the most amazing experience at The Porch last night!My friends and I wanted a late night bite to eat, and I saw that they have a late night happy hour on their website which includes food (reg happy hour is 5-6:30, late night happy hour 9:30-11).We show up a bit after 10 on a Monday night and it is pretty quiet at the restaurant.  The man who I can only assume is the owner or manager, Henry, was so welcoming!  They were clearing up things since it was such a slow night, so he apologized for that, but they were so quiet and respectful of us sitting out on their beautifully quaint outdoor patio that we didn't even notice.Our server was Samantha.  She was sweet and accommodating.  We ordered our drinks and three options off of the happy hour menu:  caeser salad, prosciutto wrapped dates, and bruschetta.  They also brought bread with dipping oil to the table.   Everything was delightful!The caesar had crisp greens and a deliciously made dressing.  The bruschetta consisted of slightly toasted baguette slices with a flavorful tomato, basil, and onion mixture topped with a sweet balsamic drizzle.  The dates were hot and wrapped in crisp prosciutto and stuffed with manchego cheese.  Also, the dipping oil with the bread had lots of garlic in it, which I LOVED being mildly obsessed with garlic. Everything was great.  The music was nice to sit outside and listen to, the servers were attentive and pleasant, the owner/manager(?), Henry, was so gracious and kind.  I am excited to return and become a regular!
<review# 130,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2014,7/19/2014,287,564,1,4,4>I could not wait to sit down and write this review!! After reading reviews on Yelp and a great recommendation from a friend at work, I just knew I had to try it!First of all, its located right on Dixie Hwy right before you reach Forest Hill Blvd heading south... I say this because I ended up passing the lot and had to make a u-turn--it's a whole thing!! But in all honesty, its worth the u-turn!!The exterior of the restaurant is uniquely designed and beautifully colored, draws you right in. Napoleon Bakery is family owned and they treat you like family once you walk in... To the right is a deli counter like display and a couple of dine-in. To the left are another row of display counters with amazing looking desserts and more options then you could imagine. I allowed Yon creative freedom and having heard that the roast beef is right out of the oven, that's what he chose! The sandwich was prepared on a fresh baguette and all the ingredients worked so well together. There is no actually menu, the House prepares amazing dishes and they are there for the taking for as long as supplies last :)There was an amazing pasta dish with mussels, scallops and shrimp-- I can't speak on its taste but it looked awesome. As I was leaving, I also offered creative freedom on the dessert choice and was pleasantly surprised to enjoy a delicious strawberry shortcake!! Service is phenomenal, even with an offer to get the door for you on your way out! All in all, its one of my favorite new bakeries!
<review# 131,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2014,7/18/2014,201,258,2,13,7>I have been reading the reviews about Noodle House on Yelp.  It sounded good, so today we went for lunch.  I wasn't disappointed.  My husband and I shared the steak brisket pho and an order of stir fried chicken with hot chili and lemongrass.  The bowl of pho was large enough to share.  It came with a dish of sprouts, fresh lemon, hot peppers, and basil.  The broth was delicious, the noodles perfectly cooked, and the brisket was lean and tender.  The stir fried chicken came with a side of white rice.  The chicken was delicious.  It was supposed to have hot chili and lemongrass.  I could taste the lemon but the dish was not spicy.  I didn't taste the hot chili.  Anyway, it was delicious.  It was so good I would order it again.This was such a nice little restaurant.  There was plenty of parking in front.  The service was good.  I liked that they had pictures of the food on a TV screen hanging on the wall and in a menu book.The prices were reasonsble.  Thank you to everyone on Yelp who told me about this place.
<review# 132,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2014,7/17/2014,135,173,4,15,10>This is probably my favorite place for an evening out, which makes me hesitate to write this review - I really want this place to stay "hidden"!But that's not what the business would like, so I guess I'll tell you all about my love for The Blind Monk.My first time in here, which was about two years ago, was just as impressive as my most recent visit. The wine list is extraordinary, the tapas are very delicious, and the atmosphere is SO relaxing! The service, though --- just superb!! Jason was our "waiter", and we asked him to pair our bottle of red with the small cheese platter (it's usually a set amount of items, but we asked him to hand-pick some items to further the flavor our bottle.)It couldn't have been better, really, and it turns out that Jason is actually the General Manager. What a win!From the intimate ambiance, to the delicious selection of wines & cheeses, The Blind Monk really sets the bar high for any other "wine bar" establishment.
<review# 133,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2014,7/16/2014,491,388,4,14,9>Penn Dutch is the best bargain for the quality I've found in South Florida on meats (including deli meats) and fresh vegetables. They also have a small selection of great baked goods and fresh bread - their freshly baked baguettes are amazing. They are easily 50% cheaper than Publix on most things, making it great for families on a budget. They do not have a large selection of dry or canned foods, but they specialize in fresh meats, seafood, smoked meats and deli meats. They make their own smoked meats on premise, including several types of sausages. If you want to save even more, sign up at the kiosk in the back of the store for e-mailed coupons. They send out new deals every week, which are good on top of their already super low prices. I am always amazed at how much I can buy here for less than $50. Because of these prices, the store gets really packed on the weekends. If you can make it out on a weekday your shopping experience will be much nicer!
<review# 134,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2014,7/15/2014,149,58,1,7,4>By far the BEST eye brow threading experience I have ever had! I recently moved to the West Palm Beach area for the summer after living abroad, and was in search for a eye brow threading specialist. As we all know, your eye brows shape your face, therefore, none of us can afford to to just go to a random eye brow threader/waxer like they have in nail salons and come out jacked up with super thin eyebrows! I have very thick eyebrows that cannot be hidden if they were messed up, and for some reason people get excited about doing them like it is a school project and mess me up. I had no choice but to step out on faith and try Threading and Sugaring by Samiha. I didn't have the time to drive to Miami where I normally would go in the summer. Nonetheless, my faith worked and Samiha executed the perfect eyebrow shape for me. She literally had to give me a shape from scratch because I haven't had them done in a very long time. That is how you KNOW she is good!Her salon is immaculate. Everything is in place and very sanitary which is an A+ for me. Lord knows I can't go into some of these nasty salons I have seen in South Florida. The ambiance is very calm and comforting. It is in small personal and private setting for those that need privacy and would like the door closed. One thing I really enjoyed about Samiha is she is very personable. It makes your experience so much pleasurable especially if there were to be any pain, although there wasn't (thank God). I love that she didn't treat me as a in and out customer like many places do. I felt she cared about her clients and building a relationship with them which I believe goes a very long way. It was a complete painless experience. I payed $17 for my eye brow threading. I typically pay $20 at other places, but that includes a cold rock massage over my brows and temples. It is cool, but I don't need all that all the time. You cannot be the price for getting your brows threaded with the service Samiha provides. I will definitely return to see Samiha again .P.S it may be tricky to find. Park in the parking garage and go to the second floor. Enter Suite 200, make a right, and walk through the offices till you find Unit 10. All the doors are labeled.
<review# 135,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/25/2014,7/14/2014,123,98,1,7,6>I've passed this place several times and I finally checked it out for some morning coffee and treats. There are tables inside and outside and also a bar that faces the parking lot. The feel of the restaurant is definitely very European. Everything is spotless and sparkling clean.I ordered a cappuccino and a sweet focaccia pastry with berries and some form of crème anglaise. The cappuccino was not just delicious but a show stopper. The pastry was ok I would have liked it to be a bit sweeter.The atmosphere is great I was there for almost 3 hours chatting away and no one bothered us or rushed us. Aside of their wide array of delectable looking sweets they also have cured meats, olives, and cheese for all of your salty needs. By the time we left people were having paninis for lunch that smelled amazing.The only downside is that you have to pay the meter constantly. We had to run out before the we were given a ticket. Oh and the girls behind the counter could be a bit more engaging and friendlier but I'll definitely come back.
<review# 136,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2014,7/13/2014,399,476,7,22,9>Kuluck is one of my favorite restaurants in South Florida. I was devastated when I found out that they had closed before... it turns out the plaza where they used to be located drastically increased their rent, so they temporarily shut their doors until they could find a new location. When the former Caspian Persian Grill (which then became the short-lived Pasha's House of Kabobs) closed, Kuluck took over the restaurant. Needless to say, I was thrilled they had reopened!I visited recently with my mom and dad (my dad is Persian), and we simply loved our meals. Even my mom, who is notoriously picky, cleaned her plate. We started with the yogurt and cucumber dip (it's called mast o'khiar, but their menu doesn't put the Farsi names) to have with the lavash (a paper-thin bread) they bring to the table. We also ordered the stuffed grape leaves, which are served with cherry juice and barberries on top, which give them a slightly sweeter flavor that I miss when I get grape leaves anywhere else.My mom ordered the filet mignon kabobs with cherry rice, while my dad chose the chicken kabobs. I opted for my favorite dish, their chicken pomegranate stew (called fesenjoon). It's a rich, thick stew made with finely-ground walnuts and pomegranate molasses. I love making this dish at home, but it's very time-consuming (not to mention how expensive the ingredients are), so I always order it here. Their portions are generous, so I always have enough for another meal.I've also visited their buffet a few times, and it's fantastic. It runs every day during lunch from 11:30 to 2:30, and it's all you can eat for $11.95. The options include: salad bar, hummus, the yogurt and cucumber dip, tabouli, grape leaves, tahdig (crispy rice), regular rice, chicken and ground beef kabobs, and several stews (although not the fesenjoon, sadly). Each time I've come, I've left completely stuffed. Even my picky mother (who is very wary about any type of ethnic food... yes, even Persian, and she married a Persian guy!) asked for me to take her here for the buffet and loved it. She's like the older female version of Mikey from the Life cereal commercials: "Mikey likes it!"If you have any room at all left in your stomach (and if you do, kudos to you), order the falloodeh: it's a slushy, icy dessert similar to Italian ice, made of rice noodles and rosewater. It sounds strange, but it's so refreshing and delicious. Enjoy!
<review# 137,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2014,7/12/2014,837,552,10,21,16>What a fun night we had!  Thursdays are Ladies' Night at Atlantic Surf Club which means ladies drink free (well drinks) until 11pm.  On top of that, they have a promo for groups over 6 ladies...   If you make a reservation for a Thursday (from 8pm - 11pm) they will welcome you with a free bottle of champagne.  Of course we took advantage of this and started our night with some bubbly.The champagne and the "private" area we were seated made us feel like VIP, the only ones allowed in our area were the DJ and Adrian (our server) who kept the drinks flowing all night.  Adrian was super friendly, attentive, fun, not only made sure we had everything we ordered but also that we were having fun.  The manager also came from time to time making sure we were having a good time, and we were!  The food is also really good here.  I ordered the Beef sliders.  Come 3 to an order on a wood serving board, each with a garnish on top.  The sliders are cooked just like I like them, not dry, and the Caramelized onions, cornichons & mustard aioli add great flavor.  Another must try is their Sugar Cane Shrimp, absolutely delicious!  Must say that since our "VIP" area didn't have tables, Adrian immediately set up another area for the ones ordering food to eat comfortably.  Great service!  We were seated looking towards the beach, which during the day I'm sure are very popular seats for the beautiful view (or a well moonlit night).I also was able to watch the Heats game on their big screen TV (which you can see from just about every seat in the restaurant).  They have a live band on Fridays, Karaoke on Wednesdays, Happy Hour specials, and so much more...By the end of the night we were having so much fun that after the "cut-out" time (11pm) came we just moved to the bar area and kept hanging out with our server and bartenders.  Thanks to Gregory for the awesome "Mind Eraser" and "Baby Guinness" shots.  A place that treats you like friends is always one you want to return to, and we will.
<review# 138,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/26/2013,7/11/2014,470,137,21,22,18>**This is a review of the Markham Mountain Biking Trails**I am tired of hearing the same old cliches from people: "Mountain Biking in Florida?  There are no mountains, dude... whaddya ride?  Ant hills!"  Haha.  Yes, you are very clever, sir.  Please step closer so I can c*ck-punch you for being a trite idiot, who spends his days and nights in the cold comfort of your desk job, hopping from one Netflix video to another, while stuffing your fat face with bon bons and Taco Bell.  Please tell me more about the Great Outdoors, when the last time you saw nature was probably on some Discovery Channel program as you quickly clicked past it to catch Gilmore Girls. I'm not bitter!  Really!So yes, while Florida is not the most mountainous region in North America, there is no shortage of great mountain biking trails; Markham, Amelia Earheart, Oleta, Quiet Water, etc.  These trails vary in their difficulty, and speaking as someone who has ridden trails across North America, their degree of difficulty can reach those of some of the biking hotspots in the US.  This is why Markham's trails are such a great destination for riders in South Florida.  Located in a Weston, the nearly 11 miles of trails are designed and maintained by dedicated MTB'ers, which means they are smooth, tested, technical and fun.  From novice to Expert-Pro, if you are a rider, you are sure to enjoy these trails that weave in and out of the beautiful woods, with excellent drops, bridges, corners and jumps.  Here, you can test your skills and improve your riding, scaling up the degrees of difficulty until you are performing at your peak.  The expert and expert-pro trails have superb climbs and nut-shrinking drops, wicked corners, bridges, jumps and stumps that will ensure that adrenaline pumps through your veins like battery acid, fueling your legs to push harder, breathe deeper and pay closer attention to the the trees and stumps coming at you at full speed.  And if you're a beginner, you can ride the beginner trails which offer smoother terrain, while still being difficult enough to make you want more.Markham takes great pride in its trails and it should.  To make sure that you know what you're doing and to keep the riff-raff out, they only allow mountain bikes on the trails, require written consent for anyone under 17, enforce helmets, and even require MTB'ers to register with the office and sign a waiver.  This is some serious sh*t!  Taking a few hours to come here and ride some awesome trails with names like "Area 51", "Puma Trail", "Crime Scene", and "Route 66" is not only a fantastic way to push your skills to their limits, but also a chance to become one with nature for a little while (hopefully, not literally!  Watch those drops!).Lest this review becomes an Adrenaline Junkie's ode to Markham, let me also point out that NONE of this would be possible without the dedicated work of volunteers who maintain the trails and who rely on donations to keep it "wicked awesome", since the park's measly $1.50 admission is the best deal in South Florida for riders and thrill seekers.  Here are some links for you to click for more information:Trail map:  markhamparktrailbuilding…Markham Park Trail Building Fund:  markhamparktrailbuilding…Making a donation:  markhamparktrailbuilding…Nearest Emergency Room :-)   my.clevelandclinic.org/f…So don't waste another weekend trying to figure out what to do and where to go.  Go ride Markham and the next time someone talks smack about Florida Mountain Biking, you have my blessing to punch them right in the nut!
<review# 139,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2014,7/10/2014,19,61,3,11,5>I'll start the review by saying... KNOW WHAT TO EXPECT WHEN YOU GO THERE!This is not the place for quick, friendly, service with a smile.  The understanding is simple... the burgers are what they are famous for and they take on average an hour to come out.  That is not an over exaggeration, you will wait 1 hour for a burger.  If you have an open mind and can get past that then you'll truly be able to enjoy the deliciousness of the burger in all it's glory.  I feel most people come here, get upset about the service and wait and by the time the burger comes... there is no way in hell that person will admit it's good, even if it rightfully is and that's sad!  Again, KNOW WHAT TO EXPECT WHEN YOU GO THERE!  I'm a huge burger fan and this is absolutely my favorite of all time.  The meat is not overly seasoned and from what I taste I think it has just salt and pepper which to me is perfect.  Cooked medium, the burger comes out amazingly juicy with a nice amount of cheese on it that is always nicely melted.  The bun is a fresh not frozen Kaiser bun that although not toasted, suits the burger perfectly.  The ambiance is like no other in South Florida for sure, beautiful views of the intercostal, boats passing by with smiling faces and a great taste of nature with birds, fish, iguanas etc. occasionally passing by.  I agree with other readers however in that it's not only about the burger... their peel and eat shrimp are AMAZING (and come out quickly fyi).  The mozzarella sticks are great too and my mother happens to love the clams!KNOW WHAT TO EXPECT WHEN YOU GO THERE!!!
<review# 140,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2014,7/9/2014,149,137,7,14,8>Ok. Now. Let me begin:I was invited to join the beta group for the digital shooting range. What is a digital shooting rang you ask? Imagine, playing a video game, except, with a real live firearm. That is a digital shooting range. We were able to experience what has been the funnest time I have had with a handgun at an indoor range. Imagine this, ready?A tablet (looks like an ipad) on the wall to your left. Where you can select one of seven games at a time to play. For example, save the earth from asteroids crashing into it. At that point, you will be shooting moving targets, yes ladies and gentlemen, a moving target being projected onto a ballistics gel type wall. The idea is to go ahead and shoot the asteroid before it crashed into earth. That is only one of the seven games, the rest are as equally fun. From my guess, there may be about 35 of these lanes available and they are separated into rooms of 5 lanes each. To give you an idea of how much fun we had, I went through about 500 9mm rounds, 50 .357 rounds, and 50 .38 rounds. That is 600 rounds ladies and gentles. On average, I would have normally shot no more than 100 rounds, on a good day, shooting a dull paper target. Supposedly, the cost of this range will be $25.00 per hour. I hope that is not the case. I would say this is probably worth anywhere from $13 to $20 per hour because it does save you a little bit of money on paper targets etc... The other only thing I would consider is, safety. It is pretty easy for the inexperienced shooter to get overzealous and caught up in the moment and it can be disastrous if they lose focus of simple gun safety tips. That would be my only suggestion to Nexus is to make sure they sit with any new members or shooters on this type of range to give them a quick overall assessment of how they handle the firearm as well as the screen at the same time. 5 stars because its the most fun I have had with a handgun in a long time, the employees were excellent and for the invitation to such a nice fun event. I think I will speak to Nexus about potentially holding a CMYE here!
<review# 141,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2014,7/8/2014,233,409,10,11,8>I read so many reviews about how amazing the fried avocados are in the "Gatherer" taco I had to try them myself.  However, being the huge carnivore that I am, I couldn't eat a meal without protein.Luckily the girl behind the counter had a great solution - order a taco with protein and add the fried avocados to it.  Pure Genius!So, I had the "Hunter" taco  on a hard shell which comes with ground steak and had the fried avocados on top.  The resulting unholy union (Hunter/Gatherer Taco?) was pure savory bliss.  The avocados were warm, buttery, crunchy and dare I say more delicious than the meat.  This is one of the better tex-mex style tacos I have had hands down.  The mushroom Swiss burger looks pretty unassuming but once you bite into it you get a huge surprise as the cheese and mushrooms are inside the burger.  If it wasn't for the fact that this burger was pretty well done and I asked for medium rare, I would probably give BC a fifth star.  In fact the burger was so overcooked that the cheese inside was near boiling and I had to wait for it to cool down to finish the burger.   Despite this, it was still actually pretty tasty.    The kaiser roll was excellent and perfectly crispy.   I would be tempted to try this again at the right temperature.I also have had the house salad here with chicken and it is actually very good if you want to stay healthy.  On Mondays protein is only $1 extra for salads and chicken is actually free.Overall, what a great find thanks to Yelp.  I'll be back for lunch again for sure.
<review# 142,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2014,7/7/2014,306,475,17,18,13>The human part of this review wants to give 3.5 stars, but I think that Cody would give it 5 stars. The dog beach is located between Pershing and Custer so it is about a block worth of beach dedicated to our 4 legged friends. That actually isn't a lot of beach to work with and it was pretty busy when we came on a Saturday. Dogs are only allowed Fri-Sun at specific hours. The hours change by season: November - March: 3:00 pm - 7:00 pm, April - October: 4:00 pm - 8:00 pmThere is a fee (lower for Hollywood residents), but we did not know who to pay? I probably owe someone.Parking is metered at $2.00/hour. Because the hours are later in the day it wasn't impossible to find parking, but on a busier day parking could get a little frustrating.I get a little grossed out if I think too hard about how many dogs have peed or poo-ed in the exact spot I was sitting. So my main issue is questionable cleanliness.BUT Cody loved it. Dogs can be off leash and Cody sure took advantage. He ran around in circles. After this dog. After that dog. With a runner. Toward the ocean. AWAY from the waves. (Why must my dog be so afraid to get in the water!) Thank goodness for all that extra energy he expended while here. He never runs that much at a regular dog park.Once Cody tired himself out, he laid next to us and watched the sunset off in the West. He can be quite the romantic one. And ladies, Cody is single ;]And you don't have to take a super sandy pup home. There is a hose at the exit for a good rinse. Cody and I will definitely be back!
<review# 143,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2014,7/6/2014,163,126,8,12,10>Wow!  Talk about the best new bar in Ft. Lauderdale!  With great food, super nice staff, and a crazy fun drink concept I cannot think of a better place to hang out!  I met up with some friends to check out the new place.  We started with the spinach dip and pork belly tacos. Okay, can I just tell you?  BEST SPINACH DIP EVER!  Now I'm not usually a spinach dip guy, but this had a wonderfully smokey hint and came out bubbling hot...of course we tore through the first handful of chips, but thankfully our server was quick to replenish so we could scrape the cast iron dish it was served in.  The tacos were...what's the word I'm looking for...SCRUMPTIOUS!  I mean, its pork belly...can you really go wrong?  As for the drinks, I found myself bouncing between different beers as the board changed.  We were lucky enough to have the "Market" crash a couple of times when we were there, so our drink prices plummetted making our final bill quite reasonable.  I guess I should explain that part.  They've got this really cool stock market style board on the wall that shows various liquors and beers.  The prices change as supply and demand changes, so one minute your drink might cost $6 and the next it could be $2.50!  Its tons of fun!  Overall, I cannot think of a better place downtown to hang out to watch the game, meet with friends, grab a bite, or party on the weekend.  And I hear they are going to start having a Sunday brunch too.  Super stoked for that.  Look for me, maybe I'll see you there!  If the market crashes, I might even buy you a drink.
<review# 144,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2014,7/5/2014,365,367,8,16,11>For my 300th review I will revise my fav hamburger cheat meal.Great find I originally made with help from Yelp.    I have visited a couple more times since my first try at Gilbert's with my man.   Great family owned restaurant off 17th street causeway. Most times I'll see Lenore the owner, and is pictured on their website and has articles on the wall of her success and achievement.All burgers are made to order .  Order at the cash, there is a Blackboard of burgers , there are also beers offered here, and a **Customer Card that when you purchase a certain amount, you get a free meal. **no more customer reward cards Here :( ***  Sit down at a table and a helper will provide you with whatever condiments you want, and napkins, and bring your order to your table. We enjoyed the Hickory smokehouse burger -it's impressively stacked with 2 onion rings, bacon, and is really filling and delicious. The flavor combination that you can't go wrong with.  The Brie and Caramelized onion burger is a really great choice too.    I think my favourite so far is the - Goat cheese and Caramelized onion, just outstanding, creamy goat cheese and Caramelized onions, divine. The delicious cheese and really caramelized onions, the 8oz meat here is Natural Angus and really good, I notice that the more I compare other places to here.  It's not going to be a greasy burger or greasy meal, just yum.  And I loved the - Havarti cheese, bacon, English muffin burger. The English muffin is lathered with garlic butter then grilled, the favor of English muffin makes a great contrast to the meat and pairs so well with the cheese..it's clearly a winning burger.The delicious cheese and onions, the 8oz meat here is Natural Angus and really good, I notice that the more I compare other places to here.  It's not going to be a greasy burger or greasy meal, just yum.The sweet potato fries and regular fries taste fresh and not greasy at all it. I love to order one kind of fry and my man can order another kind :)My father in law ordered a Spicy Salmon entree and it comes with Cambodian Cole slaw. He asked for the "spicy"on the side. It was more like a sweet soy sauce. The salmon was cooked so perfectly, medium, flake off your fork, melt in your mouth delish.I love the homemade cookies here! The Rockey Road Cookie is awesome , plenty of chocolate chunks, with marshmallow , huge walnuts and sugar sprinkled on top.   Yes fresh homemade by Lenore and Big, great ingredients, you will have room to eat it and be glad you tried it!  On that note I need to try the other desserts, like the Chocolate Lava Cake or the Key Lime Pie I do find them pricey though.If you have not tried Gilbert's 17th street Grill- check it out , you'll be glad you did!!They are open Monday-Saturday 10am-9pm and closed Sunday, which is usually the days I eat my hamburgers...  There's an outdoor patio so you can bring your dog.
<review# 145,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2014,7/4/2014,196,739,5,7,7>Oh my heaven.  This place is ridiculously cool.  I had to stop in here to see what this place was all about and I'm damn glad I did.  The menu consists of burgers, salads, flatbreads, appetizers, sides, shakes, and donuts.  My husband looked at me like I was nuts when I was ordering off the menu.  I wasn't a healthy eater and I didn't regret it one bit.  Apparently, the lady who took our order understood though ;)We started off with the fried mac n' cheese and it was huge!  The cheesy appetizer was fantastic.  Our beef burgers was topped with the sweet and smokey bacon relish  and my husband got an extra topping consisting of blue cheese crumbles.  I got sweet potato fries for a side.  We enjoyed those scrumptious burgers with every bite we took.  Nom nom nom.  Of course, we still had to try the hot donuts they offer for dessert.  The salted caramel flavor is too die for.  It was just enough to get our hands sticky with.  I couldn't stop there though since I got a red velvet milkshake to enjoy on the way home.  There was a piece of red velvet cake topped with whipped cream to enjoy after the shake is done.  Insane.  The customer service was excellent.  They came over to clean our table and brought us our food when we were ready for it.  We were provided with take out boxes to bring our leftovers to finish for dinner.  It's worth considering signing up for the rewards program if you plan to be a frequent visitor.  The prices are a little on the high side and it's not really a good strategy if there are repeat customers looking to save a dime.  However, I wouldn't mind going back there again if I was in the area and wanted to indulge some awesome food.
<review# 146,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2014,7/3/2014,118,353,1,9,8>Right off of I-95 as you exit Atlantic, on the west side of the freeway, this place looks HUGE from the outside, but in reality is pretty small inside.  The evening my husband and I decided to try it out was a Thursday, early evening.  We got lucky and found a place to park right out front.  It was DUMPING rain, so we went inside and were greeted by LOUDNESS!  The drinking area is pretty small, but we got lucky as there was a high top available for us to sit.  Even with maybe just 25 people inside, the place was so loud it was difficult to have a conversation.The craft drink menu is good.  We tried the Sea Cow and the Deep Drop.  Both were bold and tasty!When you enter, you order at the counter/bar, and then find a seat.  They do not offer any food here, but you may bring food and eat it outside, or have it delivered.  One table had pizza delivered.  As long as it's not raining, food must be eaten outside where they have MUCH MORE space for sitting and chlling.  If it's dumping rain like it was the night we were there, they'll allow you to bring your food inside.I asked about the lack of food, and suggested food trucks.  Apparently, Delray Beach has an ordinance against food trucks, so they're not able to offer that.  So, either eat before you come here, bring food with you, or order pizza from across the street.If you're eyeing this place for a drink with a group, I'd suggest you plan to sit outside.  The indoor area is just so small and it's tough to hear anything.Service is friendly, and beer is good.  Only minuses are the parking and the lack of indoor seating.  I'd check this place out again when we could sit outside at a table, eat some grub, and just kabitz for awhile.
<review# 147,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2014,7/2/2014,4,22,,13,6>Great food, great service, great atmosphere; and all at an unbeatable value!My wife and I spotted this new Italian place on Yelp and we are thrilled by the discovery.We were initially a little off-put by the location.  It's not bad, and parking is good; not only at the corner of the plaza but also by the rear of the restaurant.  Once you go inside, the ambiance and atmosphere improves dramatically.The service was good.  We were waited by what I think is the head waiter, Tony.  He was friendly, attentive, and professional.  It was obvious though there were less seasoned staff on the team because Tony seems to be doing a lot of on-the-job training with the other guys.The meal started with some bread, served toasted and regular with a tomato based sauce and with olive oil/balsamic vinegar.  Not bad for complimentary stuff.For appetizer, we ordered the Rollatina di Melanzane and it was awesome!  Normally we go for the calamari or mussels at Italian restaurants, but the stuffed eggplant will probably be our "go to" appetizer when we come back.The portions for the entree is immense!  We divided the plates in halves knowing we would never be able to finish and have room for dessert.  The short rib special was phenomenal.  The meat is flavorful and falling off-the-bone tender.  The sauce and mashed potatoes were great at mopping everything up.  The fettuccine is easily the best I've ever had.  I should've asked but I'm guessing they probably make their own pasta in-house.The Panma Cotta pudding was awesome too!  Creamy and not too sweet with a hint of tartness from the fresh strawberry.All of this(and a glass of Rosso Colosi), including a 20% tip, came to just $67!  I can easily see this restaurant charging 50% - 100% more.  (I hope they don't)  Don't take my word for it.  Go and compare these guys to the Italian restaurants downtown, and you'll be amazed at the value for the food, service, and atmosphere.
<review# 148,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2013,7/1/2014,930,225,6,18,14>This restaurant for sure is 30 out of 30. Recently, a friend asked me what are my top  five favorite restaurants in Fort Lauderdale area. And the first name came to my mind was 3030. Usually, I'm not to keen at dining at hotel restaurants. I like more of the local small family style restaurants. However, 3030 does an exceptional job in providing a great dining experience in a resort setting. It is located inside harbor beach Marriott resort.  They offer valet parking and after the dining you can get the parking voucher stamped from the hostess. Chef Dean Max has left 3030 a few months ago. However, chef DeSilva has returned to this restaurant once more. I say this because both chefs have won numerous awards and it is portrayed in their skill and taste of the dishes while you dine there. The best concept of this restaurant is the 1500*. Basically farm to table concept where they have gotten to know exactly where they are getting the seafood and meats etc and oversee the local availability (from farmers and fishermen) of the ingredients.  I honestly think the tuna entree which I usually order here is one of the freshest pieces of fish I have ever ate. It is accompanied with Japanese rice and pickled cucumbers and vegetables.  They don't always have the lobster bisque on their menu, but if they do then order this savory rich soup. 3030 does great service to providing great seafood in a simple contemporary presentation. Now the desserts are top notch as well with a great pastry chef of 3030. For sure order the creme brûlée and the chocolate soufflé. The more the desserts the merrier your experience. Visit 3030, it never disappoints.~
<review# 149,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2014,6/30/2014,183,136,3,11,8>Alright matey, take a walk down the plank and tell us what you got out of this fine 'ol establishment....Camp theme? Definitely. Adorned with a real life parrot to greet you, you quickly feel like walking down that plank and pulling out your sword on the New River. The backdrop is worth the price of admission, and call me nostalgic but I like old Fort Lauderdale. When i sit there, I remember all of the shenanigans that I got up to just across the river from the clubs and bars around Himmarshee, to romantic dinners at Reed's River House to the debauchery that ensued when the Riverwalk was first developed (Max's Grill anyone?). Or maybe, I like waving to all of the people on the boats passing by or strapping up for lunch on the dock. I like being a tourist in my city, and this is the spot to enjoy a few hours on a nicely lit afternoon or evening doing what people spend thousands of dollars yearly to experience for just a day.The prices were definitely on the high side, and you most definitely would have to be a seafood lover to appreciate the menu (though there are other options I wouldn't call it balanced). The food was very good with a lot of influence on the Brazilian side. We arrived on a brightly lit Saturday afternoon in mid-May and enjoyed the oysters on the half shell and the fire coal shrimp.The service was exceptional. Those of you that own struggling restaurants should dine here and find out what service really means from the minute that you walk in the door to the minute you exit the establishment. I don't mean yes sir, yes ma'am service. I mean really serving their guests as if we were invited over for an afternoon backyard bbq, and they had a staff of 10 to accommodate our every need before we had to ask. Some of the highlights include: welcoming, a professional personal touch, and no one treats any task as if it doesn't belong to them. I knew who my server was, and he was certainly there to serve in every way but so were the rest of the staff. Take a page from this book and you will have a thriving establishment in no time, I can assure you of that. I would go back strictly for that element all on it's own.It gets 4 stars from me as a local. I'd probably give it 5 stars as a tourist.
<review# 150,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2014,6/29/2014,263,36,7,14,8>Smells good and I'm hungry! Last week I was running some errands in the Davie area and I decided to adventure and find something new a good. Guess what did I do? I checked my dear Yelpers reviews to find where to go to! And Bamboo Noah's came up as one of the first options, and thank you Yelpers once again you were right! What a nice surprise in this little hidden mall! I literally missed it at the first time so small the mall is. I had to make a U-turn to try to find it again. When I came in it wasn't empty, but it wasn't full either. I guess I expected it to be a little bit more busy since I read so many good reviews. The restaurant has a clean, modern, and simple decoration in white, green and orange colors with a few Asian references, like the bamboo door that leads to the restrooms. The menu is deliciously interesting, so much that it took me a little while to decide what I was going to eat. Service is good, there were a server and the cashier to assist you, and they were very attentive.The smell of the food carries along the restaurant and you get yourself tangled in it. Their menu is very healthy, you have the option to have a meat of your choice and choose between one or two sides, and they have a great variety of sides (from edamame to Asian crunch slaw, to sweet potato fires. I chose the flat steak with sweet potatoes and the crunch slaw, and that was was the perfect combination for me. The steak came well done and still juicy, it had been clearly marinated by the taste of it (to me this is a good sign when the meat is given the proper attention. because it can be wonderful!). The sweet potatoes had a thin cut and were fried beautifully, and the coleslaw was really crunch and it had an Asian sauce a little tangy sweet with a nice hint of ginger. All three together made a really good combination.     While I was sitting eating my delish dinner I noticed that the customers would come in and order it take out, that was why the store wasn't full! Some would just come in to eat their cupcakes, that I had initially overlooked, but I noticed a couple who came in only to eat the cupcakes, and after that I notice that the other customer's were ordering to go.I had the chance to ask the manager if they had other locations with high hopes they would have a location closer to me in the Palm Beach area, but for now we all need to drive to Davie to try their delicious food. They are thinking about a new store in Wilton Manors or Boca Raton (Yay!), but right it's all speculation!
<review# 151,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2014,6/28/2014,152,348,,9,7>I love to support local mom and pop places and one night I just felt like a Stromboli. I called and asked if I could create one small one to my liking. Unfortunately, I had to get a medium (or 2) and I figured why not! Just makes for more yummy leftovers. The delivery took a little longer than the 45 minutes they told me, and I didn't get a total cost before I hung up the phone. So I was a little surprised that it was $15. They are very big though and it came with two (as you can see in the picture how big just one is). Overall, It was really flavorful and packed full of ingredients. The sausage tasted fresh and salty, and the dough was slightly sweet, cooked perfectly and nice and fluffy. I wouldn't get onions again because they tend to fall out of the Stromboli and there was way too much of it.  There should be more cheese, but I think it was so packed with eggplant, sausage and onions that it would not have fit! So I think it was sort of worth the cost, but I would like to order something different next time that is a little more worth the money. I see they have Chicago style pizza and I really wanna try that out. I'm definitely coming back.
<review# 152,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2014,6/27/2014,750,93,2,9,3>Ok so all the Yelpers were right.  The food is excellent but the ambiance does leave much to be desired :-).   It's ok cause the food -is- really good. We ordered the Chicken Madras and Chicken Tiki Masala. Although the Madras was ok (meh), the Chicken Tiki Masala was definitely the best.  I mean really, really good. Just don't bother ordering other stuff, the Chicken Tiki Masala  is absolutely excellent. I asked for it at 7 on the heat scale cause I like it hot and it was sooo good.  I'll credit fellow Yelper buddy "Stephan S." with pointing out the Chicken Tiki although I know several other Yelp friends (that I know and trust) have reviewed this place including "Dan I C" and "Tim G".  All correct, good food and good value.  A few things I should mention. The Nan bread is excellent, but I didn't find the rice to be very good. It's a very good place for takeout, but I would not recommend eating in the restaurant (unless you're a fan of styrofoam and BaliWood).   This place reminds me of the Indian curry take out places in Britain.  Fast, good, and fairly priced, but get your food and go home!   Overall a good experience and good solid food. I'll definitely be back, but I'll be ordering Chicken Tiki Masala for two.
<review# 153,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2014,6/26/2014,74,96,,9,6>This is not your average mini golf! This is a unique 18 hole course filled with eye popping color everywhere you look.......no really..... EVERYWHERE YOU LOOK.  You can tell a lot of thought went into this place.  From the outside you think it's a kiddie joint with the companies iconic cartoonesq characters plastered on the doors and blacked out windows, but step inside and your immedietly greated to a mini arcade with some of the newest and most popular games.  They're about 75 cents - $1.25 a game and require a game card you purchase from the cashier.  Hidden on the front left wall are the party rooms decked out in Halloween style featuring a skeleton bone fireplace and faux wooden pillars above with hanging chandelier. Onto the good stuff! You get a glowing ball, club, and score card **FYI they now have a app for your phone to keep your score. The creators really made the most of this space.  They have some animatronics that come on every so often, colorful props throughout, and some challenging courses. Hole13 is the hardest with the elevated hole. They also have Q&A's written on the support columns.  One hole will hace a column that had a question your answer in on another column on another hole.  Periodically one of the employees will do a give away (typically a glowing item). You can win by the color ball you have or by answering a question. All in all this was a good and affordable place. Great concept, good for the kids, and is something different.
<review# 154,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2014,6/25/2014,87,69,7,12,6>Ok I usually wait to write reviews after trying out a place a couple of more times. But I can't wait!! After trying out a couple of barbershops, I think I have found a home!I stopped on December of 2013 to get an overdue haircut. My hair needed some much needed shaping as the last barber pretty much made me look like a cone-head! So upon arriving in the barber it's small shop with I think 5 barbers, not overwhelming with 20 barbers, lol! That day it wasn't busy so I was helped right away by Trapp.Trapp was awesome! I made sure to tell him what i wanted and I what I didn't want happen again. Before sitting down I showed him pictures and he showed me pictures on his phone. Also showing me his haircut and if I wanted something similar. When I showed him the pictures of my previous cuts, hehe, he cringed!So the hair-cutting began and of course I was nervous! Halfway through the cutting he kept talking to me on what he's doing to my hair as well as making sure to show me in the mirror. Was I a happy customer! Throughout we started chit-chatting off-topic as well as with a couple of others barbers in the shop.After everything was complete I took a look and yeah baby, this guy got it! Two thumbs up! I was happy! I will be back again! Update: I was there a couple of months ago and when all the barbers were in the shop. And I can tell you it was super fun, energetic vibe!
<review# 155,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2014,6/24/2014,505,280,15,16,13>Prepare yourself to have a fat kid moment. I am sooooo happy that I decided to sit outside and choose the chair hidden from the inside by the wall, because to have any one witness this moment is not to be taken lightly. Only intimate friends and lovers should see one indulge with such abandon. Yes, eating my chocolate almond croissant was a borderline sexual experience. The lovely French gentleman (thank heavens I took some French is high school, we found a way to communicate between his English and my French) bakes everything himself fresh every day. Let me repeat that for you, slowly. The. French. Gentleman. Bakes. EVERYTHING. Himself. FRESH!! EVERY. DAY!!! You can totally tell. Ahhhhhhmazing. My mouth, my brain, my whole body underwent a transformative moment of euphoria. And the lovely French woman who also works here and speaks fluent English advised me to keep half of my sinful delight and heat it up in the OVEN (no lazy microwaving please!) for a couple of minutes to get it warm and gooey....as if I need more help being a fat kid. LOVE this place. LOVE!!!
<review# 156,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2013,6/23/2014,262,243,8,13,7>Walking in this diner I felt like I was at Mom's. When I walked in on both occasions I was greeted with lots of hellos, good mornings'  and smiles. A couple that walked in right after me were greeted with their names  as well.  There is a lot of ambiance from various jukeboxes to a peacock bench to boxing gloves signed by Muhammad Ali and the like that capture your attention.  There are a few televisions and it has a simple environment but yet enrapturing with all of the intricacies.I ordered hot chocolate with whip cream and  corned beef hash thanks to my fellow yelpers  It was delicious.  I had my choice of bagel or toast, grits or home fries along with my eggs and corned beef hash. The food came out piping hot in just a few minutes- my only concern would be the home fries were burnt a little on one side.Second visit I ordered 2 eggs, bacon, toast and homefries.  It was yummy but can you believe that the home fries were burnt a little on one side again?  Regardless, the service makes up for this mishap and I am hoping it does not continue to happen.Once you have finished you pay at the cash register where you get more friendly service and follow up.Both times the cost of my food was under $10.  So far I am a huge fan! I am deducting one point until we can get the home fries right- otherwise definitely one of my new favorite places!! Thanks fellow yelpers!!
<review# 157,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2014,6/22/2014,442,433,9,10,9>Whether you're a tourist or full-time Florida resident, you should add seeing the Wreck Bar's MeduSirena Retro Mermaid Swim Show to your fun list. If only I could go back in time and tell little 10-year-old Miranda "Yes! You CAN be a mermaid when you grow up!" Although with only two shows a week (Fri/Sat 6:30) I'm sure these mer-performers have to have at least one other job to supplement their income. I imagine custom shell-bras can get expensive, not to mention other necessities like dinglehoppers and snarfblatts. Anyways, the show was cute. I was expecting some kind of synchronized mer-ballet but they just kind of take turns swimming around like they're part of an aquarium exhibit. I'm sure its harder than it looks but still, where else are you gonna find live Mermaids in South Florida? They offer a variety of drinks (but no drink menu), specializing in Rum. I asked for something sweet and was brought some kind of tropical concoction that tasted like mango & coconut. The boyfriend had a Hawaiian beer. They also have a small menu with your basic bar fare like burgers, wings, etc. My only non-meat option was the chips with three dips & guacamole, which was good. The bill was around $20.Bring a camera and get there early because the place will fill up fast! And here's a fun fact: the bar and the mermaid shows originated in the 1950s. BOTTOM LINE: Drink like a fish because the bar is underwater! (Get it?)And did I mention...Mermaids!
<review# 158,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2014,6/21/2014,217,135,3,10,6>(Note: I posted many pictures)My review will focus on what I have purchased, as opposed to all their offerings, but please note, it is a specialty grocery store, with meat, seafood, bakery, dairy, produce, appetizing, wines, beers, sodas, waters, and a large prepared food section. For those from NYC, its close to a Balducci's BAKERY: I'm still not certain if ANYTHING is actually prepared from scratch and baked in house, or whether it is prepared elsewhere, and shipped to them, and then perhaps some items are placed in the ovens for minimal baking. I have seen ovens, but not seen them being used. That being said, there is a wide selections of breads, cakes, specialty cookies, and yes, they are all tasty and fresh. I have bought on a few occasions their muffins, and they were not so fresh, so I stopped getting them (Whole Foods a few miles away has much better tasting, and definitely-baked-in house from scratch muffins, of all varieties). The Italian style pastries and cakes (cream puffs, tiramisu) are awesome, great to bring to someone's home for a dinner invite.PRODUCE: Well stocked fruits and vegetables, high quality, high priced. But its far better than Publix, and you see that staff is consistently going through it and weeding out the stuff which is not worthy of sale. They also have a lot of cut and packaged fruits, and while these are always higher priced, you are assured that they are ripe.DAIRY: I do not but here, as it is priced much higher than Publix, and the variety is limited.WINES: Not overwhelming as to selection, you are far better going to the north end of the same shopping center, and buying any wines you want at TOTAL WINES, which has a dizzying selection, well priced, always sales.APPETIZING: Great selections, especially of classic Italian appetizers, the best tuna, chicken, health salads in town. I live for their tuna, and my partner insists it is fare better than WHole Foods, and we stopped buying prepared appetizing at FRESH MARKET, as Fresh Market ain't so fresh, if you look at the dates on all their packaged items, and what they often look like in the display cases. A large CHEEZE display, as well.PREPARED MEALS: They have a large counter dedicated to their made in the store, cooked foods which you just heat up when you get home. All sorts of fish, chicken, meats with sides of green veggies, various potatoes, awesome soups.  They sell by the pound, or you can buy prepared dinners for one of two, which includes a meat/fish/chicken entree sized serving more than sufficient for two hungry people, two mega sized sides, salad, and dessert. Its a great deal if you want fresh well made food that you just pop in the microwave.  (I admit to using the oven once a year to make a Thanksgiving turkey).  My favorite is the grilled salmon along with green beans, broccoli, and sometimes baked chopped potatoes.PARKING: A large parking lot which is difficult to navigate because of crazed and rude Boca drivers and an insufficient number of spaces, especially at key hours. [Employees of all these shops are supposed to park in a large garage located behind the shops, but it is not uncommon to see employees parking in the lot and walking into their place of business.]Check out this store, I doubt you will be disappointed, and may just get hooked if you are a local.
<review# 159,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/21/2013,6/20/2014,100,101,5,15,7>Juicy and perfectly seasoned chicken..... CheckMoist waffles and sweet syrup...... Oh YaCreamy Mac n Cheese........ IndeedSticky and deliciously messy hot wings... YepAmazing Customer service... U betcha!Bay Bay's is a must if you like chicken, Period. Walking into the tiny little restaurant you get a warm " Welcome to Bay Bay's!" from every server and cook working. Wow! They notice everyone!As soon as you take a seat the server will ask you if it's your first visit. I was the only one out of 3 that had not been there before but our waitress was kind enough to bring out samples for all. You get a full sized drum as a sample! Right then and there I was impressed. Mouth Watering is the best word I can use to describe it. It's a tad spicy with perfectly crispy skin and moist chicken under all the flavorful crunch. I want a piece now!After our samples we wanted to try the hot wings so we got an order of the sweet and spicy and because it's an entree on the menu it comes with a side. We went with the mac n cheese and it didn't disappoint. I loved the sauce on the wings and would highly recommend them. I only had a bite of the macaroni since they had already brought us out a sample of that as well ( without us ever asking) and it was great. Just what mac n cheese should be. Creamy and seasoned well.I don't know how I managed to eat dinner after all that but I did and it was insane! I had the 2 piece white meat with a pumpkin waffle. Hello I'm in Love! Sweet, soft, cinnamon and whipped cream goodness all under their perfectly seasoned chicken. The portions are huge so plan on having leftovers.The parking lot is tiny so if you can't find a spot you can always park along the side street. The inside has a few tiny booths and counter seating. They also have decent sized tables outside for large groups.Our server was the only one working inside and she was fantastic. We never had to look for her or ask for a refill.Why 4 stars? On the way to the restroom I slipped a few times on the sticky and wet floor. Also, there is only one bathroom and it's communal for men and women. It was pretty filthy and reminded me of a truck stop. That won't stop me from returning though and I will be back soon! This place is just too good to pass up. I almost feel bad for anyone who hasn't had the pleasure of eating at Bay Bay's
<review# 160,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2014,6/19/2014,251,395,12,18,13>My parents have finally taken the plunge and decided to get a new (used, but new to us) bigger boat.  My step father had an Ocean Yacht growing up and decided that 42 Ocean was exactly what he wanted -   just enough space for island cruising without getting too cramped.  There are 700 islands in The Bahamas and we've probably only seen 100 of them, so they've got a lot to keep them busy!The boat was already docked in Pompano upon purchase so Complete Marine seemed like the perfect place to have our repairs done before taking the long trek home.  Complete Marine (notably Steve) has been in complete communication with us with every step along the way making sure we are up to date on what work is being done, the breakdown of the charges and updating the finish timeline so we can figure out when we can finally leave.  As boat owners know what boat truly stands for (Break Out  Another Thousand) the work hasn't been cheap, but their level of professionalism and communication has been superb.  As my parents are not able to be on site to handle all of the repairs first hand Complete Marine has been instrumental with contacting third party vendors to get some of the repairs made.  I would highly recommend anyone with boating repair work in the area consider Complete Marine.
<review# 161,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2014,6/18/2014,267,78,5,16,14>Wow!! This place absolutely blew me away! We walked in on Saturday around 2pm and sat at the bar. The decor in this restaurant is so unique and very inviting! I ordered a Illegalito Mojito and my husband ordered the IPA on tap. My cocktail was the best I've had in quiet awhile. It came with lots of fresh mint and a huge slice of a pineapple! I also ordered the Strawberry Basil Balsamic Mojito and it was very refreshing! For food, brunch was still being served so we ordered The Club! All fresh ingredients came on it such as avocado, tomato, lettuce, smoked turkey breast and more! Before our lunch came out the manager stopped by to check on us. He was very personable and upbeat! He told us about their amazing bacon and then ended up bringing some out for us to try! By far the best bacon I have had!! Brown Sugar Spiced Bacon: Perfectly cooked Applewood smoked bacon, sweet brown sugar, and red pepper flakes! Ohhh soo good! Their French fries were also very delicious and cooked perfectly! Our bartender was very attentive, informational, and friendly! She made our experience even better with giving us awesome service! Tanzy is located in the Ipic theater. We will definitely be back and definitely recommend it!!
<review# 162,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2014,6/17/2014,118,158,2,10,7>Wow! This place hits the mark in every way. First, if you couldn't tell by the name, the restaurant is a fusion of Japanese and Peruvian cuisine. I love fusion cuisine so I knew I had to try it.  I came for lunch with my husband and 2-yr old. When I walked through the door, I was a bit surprised to see how nicely the restaurant was appointed - dim, modern, and nice decor - since it's located in a Publix-anchored strip mall. The place was pretty full at lunchtime which is a great sign for a newly opened restaurant. We were promptly seated and the hostess was very friendly. She made sure we got a highchair and kid-friendly cup of water as soon as we sat down. The lunch menu is pretty extensive, ranging from tapas, soups/salads, special sushi rolls, ceviches and entrees. They also have daily lunch specials for just $7! We ordered the house special ceviche and the lomo saltado - both of which were sooooooo delicious!! Oh, and after you order but before you are served your meals, they bring these delicious roasted, salted corn kernels to your table - loved it!Even though the place was almost full, we were checked on by not only our waiter, but another waiter and the hostess at various times during our meal, to make sure we had everything we needed. Talk about great service! This place is doing it right and apparently the word is getting out! I highly recommend this restaurant and don't be surprised if you bump into me when you go because I plan on becoming a permanent fixture!
<review# 163,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2014,6/16/2014,342,260,6,10,9>You know you need to work out, but...."I'm too oldI don't like high pressure sales tacticsIt doesn't fit in my scheduleIt's sooo boringMy weight is fineThe trainers don't really know what they're doingI could get killed on that equipmentI hate waiting to use the equipment because it's so crowdedThe showers are icky...."It goes on, but I think I've hit the high points.  Eventually, you make yourself go check out the big gyms.  Sure enough, there are dozens of sweaty people rotating on and off the equipment without cleaning it.  The smell of sweat permeates the room. Weights are everywhere except where they belong.  And the sales guys....looming like vultures.But what if you could find a place where none of that was true and none of your excuses would apply?  I'm picky about gyms or fitness centers....very picky.  So have I got a place for you!Before you start, you will be given a health screen of questions of any current or past medical issues, as well as family history.  Your blood pressure is taken, along with your resting pulse.  You get body composition measurements and metabolic testing.  Uh-huh, your weight may be good, but is there hidden fat that could be an issue?  You can have your cholesterol, blood sugar or pulmonary function tested.  Wow.  Who else does that?  Nobody, but these people really care about you.  Their clients range from age 7 to age 92.......what were you saying about being too old?  Moving on - you're ready to start.  First off all comes the scheduling thing.  This gym doesn't have any hours.  You want to work out at 4 a.m., okay the trainer will be there, he/she will be qualified.  You can see that from their bios on the website.  All training is by appointment only so the gym is small, there will never be more than a few people at a time, and each one will have a trainer.  You're never alone, so you don't have to worry about accidentally getting hurt because you didn't know what you were doing.  And believe me, you won't get bored.  You are the sole focus of your trainer while you are there.The equipment is current and well maintained.  You won't see rusty hinges and worn out machines that squeak when they move.  The gym is spotless, everything is where it belongs.  Not sure about your diet?  There is a nutritionist on call.  Same thing with a masseuse, if you want a massage after your work-out.Oh yes, the dreaded locker and shower area.  There's only a handful of lockers, since this is a personal gym.  There are two huge showers (one is handicap accessible) and a private dressing area.  There is no mold growing in corners that looks as though it pre-dates pond scum.  This place is clean, even by germophobic standards.So, you love the place, but you still aren't sure.  You can have 3 free sessions and there is no used care salesman hiding behind the curtain.  Yes, I had one gym that actually said, "How can we get you to sign this contract before you leave, without having to look anywhere else?"   Either you want to do it, or you don't.  No one is going to push you.  No, it isn't cheap to work-out here, but there are so many things that make it worth making it work.  Go ahead - take their 3 free sessions and try it out, compare for yourself.  I dare ya.....
<review# 164,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2014,6/15/2014,62,129,2,5,1>I've been a big fan of San Angel since their opening twenty years ago. Mexican cuisine consists of 30 plus regional styles of cooking that put most every other country's cooking to shame. The last five visits I have had the very same thing; the Cuitlacoche Crepes. You used to be able to buy the Mexican corn mushrooms in cans in specialty stores or from Mexican food distributors, but in the last 12 years, it's been pretty scarce, except at San Angel. Their mushrooms appear to be brought in fresh, which is a great way to stand out in a sea of restaurants (hint to restaurant owners; one or two rare ingredients helps distinguish them from the pack).  So we had the Cuitlacoche Crepes ($26) and the Raviolis with cilantro and cheese ($24). Sangria ($11 per glass) and XX ($7) were our drinks. San Angel is definitely pricy. The servers are always top notch. The only negative on this visit was that you could hear their conversations in the bus station a few feet away. Staff sometimes forgets that a wall of plaster isn't much of a barrier.The clientele is unique here. On every visit I've been surprised by their polite giddiness. I've never seen people so excited about getting served $17 nachos. Perhaps that says as much about the quaint, elegant atmosphere the owner has established as the people themselves. All in all, this is a great date night or special event restaurant still featuring gourmet Mexican fare you don't see every day.
<review# 165,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2014,6/14/2014,194,146,2,6,4>Frito Misto is ahhh-mazing! Best appetizer ever. I frequent this restaurant alot and tend to enjoy the appetizers much more than the entrees. We usually bring friends in an effort to introduce them to some great vegan dishes. We order several appetizers to share so that everyone gets a taste of it all. I have even ordered the mushroom ravioli to share as well since I once had it as an entree and enjoyed it. The restaurant is always pretty busy but service is great. the owner Nancy, normally walks around and does small chit-chat with its diners which is always pleasant. If you can make a reservation, you'll be better off. As far as desserts, I've tried them all. I feel the coconut cake is probably my favorite although the cake portion is not as moist as what you'd expect. Although I'd prefer it a little moister, it still tastes great. the apple cobbler type dessert is good but not spectacular and the chocolate cake is also a good option if you're a chocolate lover. I tend to find it a little rich.My only request would probably be that they open for lunch and that they expand the dessert menu every now and then. Would love to try a vegan carrot cake or something else that can compete with their coconut cake.
<review# 166,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2014,6/13/2014,12,17,2,8,4>I am a two-week-in apprehensive semi-vegan. Our first meal at the Green Bar & Kitchen on Saturday was phenomenal! Coconut Thai Soup to start. Smokehouse Burger and the Firecracker Bowl for entrees. Chocolate Ganache and Macaroons for desert.Firstly, the soup was thick, delicious, and as good as any I could make at home. I only wish it had been hotter (I prefer soup heated enough to sip). A-The Smokehouse Burger was better than any beef burger, period. I can't wait to order it again. Who needs beef when healthy can be this delicious? Although the menu says BBQ sauce, it reminded me more of a decadent cream-based chipotle sauce. The bun was also high quality. A++The Firecracker Bowl was delicious as well. On par with the best Asian restaurants. Loaded with protein and a tasty sauce with hints of lemongrass and ginger. I think some rough cut veggies would kick this dish up a notch. B+Now the ganache is so good I am going to begin working on a recipe at home. This could quickly become my staple dessert. A+The staff are very attentive and take the time to get feedback and ensure a positive experience. Who knew 100% vegan foods could be so good?!
<review# 167,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2014,6/12/2014,158,135,11,14,11>It's no secrete that my friend Brenda P (elite yelper) loves this place and when I was in the area recently I invited her to join me for lunch SOMEWHERE ELSE.  Of course she asked why are you going there when Mustard Seed is nearby.  I'm so happy I listened to her.  Thanks Brenda.For lunch I ordered the BBQ Salmon Salad (oh my gosh, it was so good).  My man ordered the Short Rib Sandwich.  I can say his looked good and tasted great.  He cleaned his plate completely but my salad was so big that I had to bring half of it home.  I also saw someone having a bowl of onion soup so i'm already planning on going back and ordering it. The restaurant is a husband and wife team;  the husband is the chef and the wife manages the dining area and makes the amazing cupcakes everyone talks about (you can't eat just one).  For a place that is located in an old strip mall you would be surprise by the quality of the food and how nice the inside is.  I don't mind splurging once in awhile at restaurants that are a little expensive but I kinda wish this one was in a nicer locations considering most of the dinner entrees are in the high 20s.  The prices at lunchtime are reasonable.Today was not my first visit, last year we were here to celebrate my hubby's birthday (with Brenda and her hubby too).  We had a fixed chef's menu so we didn't order anything off the menu.  I had no idea what the chef was planning on bringing out to the table but every single dish was delicious. Can't wait to return.
<review# 168,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2014,6/11/2014,178,280,4,7,6>I haven't lived in Margate all that long, and I had yet to find a decent sushi spot that was really close to my house...I was still venturing out further to more familiar places, but that changed last night. I used my Yelp app and noticed that this sushi place was extremely close to my house and had very complimentary reviews, so I decided to give it a try. When we pulled into the parking lot we noticed that it was quite busy, we were able to find a spot, but I was a little worried there would be a wait...but when we walked in we were seated right away.The first thing that stood out...it was an arctic tundra in here. Thank god I had a fleece in my car or they honestly may have lost a star, I just can't enjoy an experience when I am that cold. The second thing I noticed was how pretty the restaurant was. Everything looks brand new and clean with an open kitchen, sushi bar, and a very nice looking alcohol bar with quite a bit of seating. There are also rope lights along the exposed ceiling ducts (I'm not sure if that is what I should call them) but the lights created a really nice ambiance.We started with dumplings which were served quickly and were quite delicious. Since this was my first time here I ordered a little more than I normally would since I really wanted to try the sushi. We had an Alaskan roll (which was pretty similar to a california roll, but with real crab, not with a k) a spicy tuna roll (I think this was my favorite), a salmon california roll (I love raw salmon so I liked that this was an option...though I'm sure you could ask any sushi place to do it), and the beauty and the beast roll. The sushi all tasted very fresh and was served quickly with nice presentation. The waitress was very friendly and accommodating throughout the meal.I will definitely be working Jasmine Thai and Sushi into my regular rotation. I noticed they had a few lunch specials as well, and the hot thai food I saw coming from the kitchen looked amazing so I can't wait  to try even more.
<review# 169,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2014,6/10/2014,215,252,3,8,4>I got a bunch of messages about other comic shops since I mentioned that I drove all the way from Boynton one night to pick up some sleeves....... I am VERY aware of all of the comic and card shops throughout South Florida, thank you for the emails. I came to this particular shop because of the sleeves they only sold there. I did not wish to buy them ONLINE. No thanks. Plus, ever since Hivvy moved into a bigger building a couple stores down.... they've gotten so much better with the quality of MTG players that many come up from all the way in Miami and come down from all the way from West Palm just to play with experts while most other card shops have amateurs to moderate players. And along with the fact this place is actually much better in terms of safety more than the other shops in areas that just seem so shady.Yes, Hivvy is quite of a drive from Boynton, but if you're looking to play with serious competitors in MTG- Hivvy is the place to go!!!
<review# 170,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2014,6/9/2014,695,2029,7,21,9>I've had lunch and dinner at Steak 954 many times, but only today as I was doing my mobile check-in did I realize that I've never Yelp one of my favorite of restaurants. It's one of my favorites because, though they may promote themselves as being primarily a steak house, they do a splendid job on everything else. Hence, when I have a large group of guests with me, some of whom prefer dishes other than steak, I have zero hesitation to recommend any other dish offering they may have. In fact for lunch today, though more than tempted by their Wagyu Rebeye or Wagyu Skirt, I went for their lobster and crab ceviche and miso glazed, rarely served elsewhere in Fort Lauderdale, black cod. I couldn't have been more thrilled with the ceviche which came served in a patty form inside of bowl swimming a delicious coconut sauce. I make a lot of fish ceviche when I'm a lucky fisherman aboard my boat and the trick to it is, as with all acidic preparations is to get a smoothness, mellowness of flavor for which I've generally used a touch of fig vinegar but now I'm definitely on to trying it with a coconut. It added a perfect touch of mellow sweetness that didn't at all interfere with the taste of the crab or lobster. For the entrée of black cod, the miso glaze was not only delicious but to my surprise both complimentary as well as taste enhancing to the black cod. Overall, I couldn't have been more delighted with my meal and then, of course with the spectacular Steak 954 deck view overlooking A1A, the beach and the ocean. Oh, and another thing unique and enjoyable to do when at Steak 954 is to go inside and take a look at the jellyfish aquarium, the only jellyfish aquarium I know of in Lauderdale.....totally enchanting.I've gone an extra fifth star for the view, comfortable patio seating and general ambiance.
<review# 171,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2013,6/8/2014,524,775,11,11,11>Dear Rosie- I love you!What a GREAT place!  Their menu was hysterical, just reading it was a treat in itself.  Delectable dishes like: DANIELLE's DIP, Another Saturday Night Alone, and the Hand-job were a sheer joy to laugh at (see pix). Their Dessert Menu, entitled "Happy Endings", included Sundae Funday!   I've been wanting to try this place since they won the Las Olas Burger Bash AND boy do they have burgers. I would venture they have 20-25 different types of burgers prepared in a variety of ways, one even includes peanut butter and bananas. You can also swap any burger out for grilled chicken or a house made veggie burger!  The menu is VAST, I ogled and laughed at it for a good 20 minutes. The bartender actually CARDED us -- BLESS HER HEART!!!!  The best way to make a woman feel awesome is 1) don't call her ma'am (Miss me all day long) 2) card her 3) then tell her it's $3 margarita night (Tuesdays)  4) lastly, mention your amazing Sunday brunches and she will love you forever.  Well at least that's the way to my heart anyhow. The other bartender, think his name was Dean (from Phoenix), was awesome!  He was on top of his game AND he told us funny jokes! A+I ordered the skinny Monte Cristo (everything on that menu is under 600 calories) with sweet potato fries (OK so I cheated a bit, but I tried!).  My friend ordered a veggie burger, which they make in house. Both were delicious!This is definitely a Gay friendly place, but there were families and even kids when we arrived. They have an amazing outside seating area complete with an outside bar. Beautifully colored lanterns are hung in a tropical patio paradise. I cannot wait to go back!
<review# 172,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2014,6/7/2014,118,115,2,6,3>Rosa is an excellent yoga teacher! Not only does she know what she is doing, but she is very sweet, and makes learning fun! Although I only started at YogaRosa two weeks ago, I can already see my practice evolving from what it used to be. She goes around and makes sure everyone is positioned the right way, and offers alternative poses if a certain pose is hard or undoable for you if you have an injury, etc. I love that Rosa and the other instructions are very personal and always willing to help. Before I came to this studio I was too scared to do a headstand.. But you should see me now, I barely need help getting up! Prices are also great. Since I am a student, classes are $10! You reallt can't beat that deal anywhere. She also has a new student offer, 5 classes for $50 (what I ended up getting!)I'm really happy I found a studio that feels like home. Can't wait to keep practicing my favorite hobby!
<review# 173,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2014,6/6/2014,37,50,4,11,6>I was skeptical of this place even though it's been down the street from me for a while.  I bit the bullet and ordered today.  I have just had an amazing pizza experience.I like pizza with some girth on it, so I ordered the Sicilian with mushrooms and green peppers.  When the delivery guy came, it was a really heavy box...always a good sign.I cracked open the box and it was still nuclear hot.  What was nice was there was a small garlic knot right in the middle of the pizza.  It seemed like it was there instead of that little plastic thing, so points for creativity!  I dug out a corner piece and bit in, immediately noticing the crispiness of the crust underneath.  Sometimes, when you get a Sicilian, it's too "bready", but this wasn't anything like that.  The crust almost reminded me of puff pastry with the way it sort of crunched and melted at the same time.Sometimes, pizza places are kind of chintzy with the cheese and toppings, but that's not the case here.  I was considering extra cheese and I'm glad I didn't do it!  Any more cheese on here would have been a complete mess.  The peppers still had a bit of resistance to them and the mushrooms were neither too dry or soggy.I've ordered Sicilian from places before, and I get that the sauce is a little different than normal pizza.  This place hit it spot on, nailing that perfect balance between tangy and slightly sweet.I was really happy with this pizza and I'm sorry I waited so long to order from them.  I'll definitely be ordering again.
<review# 174,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2014,6/5/2014,129,102,2,11,4>A Korean gal such as myself can't live on PB & J's for months at a time. I need my kimchi! Although about a 20 minute drive from Davie (where I live), it's totally worth it! Speaking of kimchi, Oriental Mart makes their own and sells them in different sized jars - for simplicity's sake, we'll label them small, medium and large. I bought the medium sized jar for about $10. This will probably last me a few months. A little more expensive than what I'm used to back home in Vegas but hey, I need my Korean fix. Plus, they do a good job seasoning it. It's pretty good. What I like about this place is the fresh produce and fair prices. I bought spinach at about dollar cheaper than what I'd find at Walmart. They have your typical Asian veggies that you won't find at Walmart or Publix - Japanese eggplant, Korean pears (which are in season and a little pricey but so good!) and bok choi, to name a few. And to all you tofu heads out there - tofu is cheap here! A good brand is about $1.75. That's about a dollar cheaper than what I spent at Walmart last week! Staff is really nice, the lady in the front made chit chat with me and wished me luck in school. Place is clean, doesn't smell like your stereotypical Asian mart of funky fish. Oriental Mart ftw!
<review# 175,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2014,6/4/2014,76,84,1,5,3>A melhor pichana da cidade(that was all for my Portuguese skills lol) Where to start with this place well let begin with their service excellent customer service everybody in the place is happy smiling and very attentive on their clientele. This is how it works the restaurant for 25.99 you get all you can eat from a salad bar and meat cuts. My wife and I went to the salad bar and what a nice surprise everything looked neat, the salad couldn't  be so more fresh, they also had tuna salad, fresh mozzarella and prosciutto(my mouth just water). They also had rice, beans, and some other Brazilian siders. My only complain about this is the sides didn't have a name so if you are new to Brazilian cuisine you might want to know what are you eating hopefully they can fix that.  We went back to our table and that when the party really start it, the meats cutA melhor pichana da cidade(that was all for my Portuguese skills lol) Where to start with this place well let begin with their service excellent customer service everybody in the place is happy smiling and very attentive on their clientele. This is how it works the restaurant for 25.99 you get all you can eat from a salad bar and meat cuts. My wife and I went to the salad bar and what a nice surprise everything looked neat, the salad couldn't  be so more fresh, they also had tuna salad, fresh mozzarella and prosciutto(my mouth just water). They also had rice, beans, and some other Brazilian siders. My only complain about this is the sides didn't have a name so if you are new to Brazilian cuisine you might want to know what are you eating hopefully they can fix that.  We went back to our table and that's when the party really started, the meats cut were flying(they don't hesitate on asking if you want more) I started with the bacon sirloin steak omg was so good then I had sauce,  chicken( this one was a little bit to dry not my favorite) and more and more and more meat. Everything was great and the food was delicious. Why going to expensive Brazilian restaurants  we you can attend to gems like this one. We will be going back pretty soon. I recommend this place 100% and I cant say for now is on one of my top ten in Ft Lauderdale. Enjoy!
<review# 176,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2014,6/3/2014,97,110,3,6,6>Several of my friends who have been here speak very highly of the Pho saying that it is the best around. This is my second visit here and I really enjoy it. My only concern is that the majority of the staff does not speak a lick of English, so it is very hard to ask questions and get the right answers. You will need to go in with proper knowledge of the menu and not expect to get any translations. Luckily my boyfriend is familiar with Vietnamese so he was able to order for me since there was nothing on the menu that was completely vegetarian or pescetarian. On my first visit I was still a vegetarian so I ordered the Rice Vermicelli with Grilled Tofu, which is fantastic. I was hoping this time since I've introduced seafood into my diet that I would be able to order the Pho, but apparently they only use beef or chicken broth. So I ordered the Rice Vermicelli again but with Grilled Shrimp this time, which was also very good. There were about 8 pieces of shrimp grilled with some sort of hoisin or teriyaki sauce. It comes in a giant bowl with plenty of noodles and fresh veggies. I also tried the Soda Sua Hoc Ga, which I didn't take a picture of, however I highly recommend it. I wanted to order the Soda Chanh Muoi (soda salted lemonade) but when I asked the server if it was sweetened he said yes, then I asked if there was sugar in it he said no, so I asked if it was sweet and he said no... I could tell that he had no clue what I was asking so I went with something else. Their location is ideal since it is so close to the Universities. I'll definitely be back to order some more Vermicelli ;)
<review# 177,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2013,6/2/2014,296,502,11,20,13>Hear Ye, Hear YeThere's a new sheriff in townWhen it comes to finger lickin' goodSouthern Swank takes the crownI finally made my way to the SSK and I'm so happy I did. We absolutely loved it. They don't take themselves too seriously. It's not Southern, it's Southern SWANK! They dabble on this and they dabble on that. A little bit of everything here goes a long way. This restaurant is like Swine and Yardbird's first cousin. I find it a little bit less put together than those mentioned but good nonetheless. I can say with 100% certainty that there is nothing else in the area that even comes close and therefore, a much needed addition to Broward!  It's spacious yet cozy, and full of personality. Now, here's the scoop on the goods:Fried Green Tomatoes- Very fresh and very good. Loved their creole remoulade and savory smoked tasco. Crab Hush Puppies- Breading was a little thick and fried a little too long for my taste but the inside was heavenly. The charred scallion mayo rocked! I wish there was more of it. Chicken & Waffles- This was great except they don't offer syrup for the waffles. 'Sup with that?I found that really odd.  Instead, it comes with a marshmallow sage sauce. Beer Can Chicken- I officially cheated on my vegetarian diet for this and the payoff was big. Free range chicken that was absolute perfection! It is served with addicting fries everyone kept stealing and a scrumptious buttermilk slaw (and I usually pass on this). I ordered 1/2 the chicken and could not even finish it. (total wuss move, I know). The beer gravy is served inside a Pabst Blue Ribbon can for your pouring convenience. I wish it was another type of beer but......St. Louis Ribs- I did not try this but my girlfriend finished every single one. I thought they could have been a little meatier. The BBQ is enhanced with apple cinnamon. Snickers Pudding- Not a speck left of it.Bread Pudding- Not a speck left of this either.Old Fashion Swank- Punched me in the face and left a huge bruise. They are not shy about their pours! Yikes!Mojito- Didn't try it but there were multiple rounds going on in our party so it must have been good. Funky Buddha Hop Gun- Always a good choiceNote that all of the side hot sauces are truly H O T! (and I could not stop having them). I felt the portions were good on the entrees and on the smaller side for the appetizers. Service was prompt and attentive. When we were done, we had a little photo booth fun. They have several props for you to play around with inside the booth. The photo prints out for you immediately or you can also get it off their Flickr account. I am adding this to my list of preferred local hangout spots. Welcome to town Southern Swank!
<review# 178,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2014,6/1/2014,63,86,,13,5>We've been to Shooters in the past.  Both times were pretty decent experiences.  This weekend we decided to go here for dinner with some friends that were visiting from out of town. I didn't realize they had remodeled the place and I was pleasantly surprised at what a fantastic job they did.  I mean they took this place to an entirely new level.   THIS is where I want to take people from out of town.  We are new to South Florida and in a conversation I had with my partner after dinner he said "This is easily one of my favorite places we have been since we've moved here".  I agree, the new decor, the food and the atmosphere made for a wonderful evening.   We had a party of 5.  We were a little late for our reservation from traffic, but they were able to quickly accommodated us well and even outside which was great. Again the atmosphere there is so nice and the evening weather was perfect!  The service was good, I wouldn't say "excellent" but it was a good experience. I really like that this place has an upscale feel but a very casual "Florida" vibe & dress.   It's not stuffy so you could wear jeans, shorts & Polo and be ok. I would leave your graphic t's at home but a simple t-shirt would even be ok here as long as you're presentable. I would rate as the following:Food: A+Service: B-Atmosphere: A+Food: A+Drink: AAccessibility & Parking: A (They have public parking at The Tides, and they also offer Valet.)I think there is a good chance they will be getting our business again very soon!
<review# 179,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2013,5/31/2014,333,226,3,7,6>Welcome to Fort Lauderdale, Italio!It is so nice not to have to drive to Boca in order to enjoy dinner at Italio, now.The line of people for the grand opening was not a surprise.  Good food and Italiio's customary hospitality is well worth coming out for and spending the time in line.I tried the whole wheat pasta for the first time and liked it!  (Pasta to me has always been the white version and I  viewed whole wheat pasta with suspicion.) This was the first time for the steak but I had my usual Spicy Prima Rosa sauce.The steak had a mild marinade flavor that was muted by the spicy sauce.  But I knew that would be the case when I made my selections.  The spicy sauce is worth it.The servers were generous with the additions of the black olives, roasted red peppers, mushrooms, red onion and parmesan cheese.  I love getting my pasta customized to my taste in contrast to the typical spaghetti and marinara or bolognese sauce.In addition, the service time is usually rather quick and I truly appreciate the staff's upbeat attitude.  Overall, an enjoyable dining experience.  Thank you, Italio.
<review# 180,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/14/2013,5/30/2014,430,328,20,21,17>The first time my lips pressed against the lips of a seductive blonde Latin American woman, I was transplanted in the spirit to the edge of The Auyantepui Mountains amid the downpouring of Angel Falls.Like wise, when I took the first bite of Priyas boneless chicken roti, I was transported into an Antilles paradise. I was taken by the power of palatial satisfaction to the mysterious mist shrouded Blue Mountains.Unlike LC Roti or Joys, Priyas is not terrorizing the civilized  with loud booming unintelligible music or sub-par rotis. Nor do they have unrefined ragamuffin's working or patronizing the restaurant. Priyas is a pleasant quiet family owned very clean Trinidadian restaurant.I totally felt at ease ordering and eating at Priyas.Though Priyas is a good distance from South Broward where I reside, I don't mind the long drive for really good authentic ethnic food.I've had the boneless chicken roti bit.ly/18Ndc0l  twice at Priyas. Both times the roti was huge juicy & rich with Trinidadian curry & spices. I can say with confidence that this is the best roti I've had in South Florida. RATING 5.0 STARSJamaican sorrel is one of my favorite beverages, periodically I make 2 liters of it for myself. So when I saw that Priyas had in-house made Trinidian sorrel bit.ly/18NdXGI I was very eager to try it for the first time. Let me tell you the sorrel was delicious, it had an unique mellow spiced flavor. It was totally different from the Jamaican sorrel, but delicious  and refreshing in its own right!  RATING 5.0 STARSNOTE:- If you order the shrimp roti, its cooked to order and it comes out pipping hot. It's better to order it unwrapped or the heat of shrimp/potatoes/curry sauce will start to break apart the roti bread, making it impossible to eat.
<review# 181,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2014,5/29/2014,90,104,4,6,5>This review is for Saturday a la carte brunch. Had some friends visiting on a cloudy Saturday morning and decided to get some broward B-cycles and ride up A1A to Lauderdale by the Sea for some brunch. I had read all about blue moons Sunday brunch but saw they recently started aSat Brunch. 1030 to 3. View is nice but it's a quieter part of the intercostal , so only 1 mega yacht pulled up and ordered a Tower Royal. ($120 for a seafood explosion) it looked pretty freaking awesome. Started off brunch with bloody maria , it was spicy but just ok , kind of small, not my fave, probably the reason this brunch isn't 5 stars, also it had too many chunks in it. To eat I shared the chicken and waffles, it was delish. No bones , killer waffle and a runny egg. I'm such a sucker for a runny egg. And the portion was huge. I was stuffed from eating half of it. I will definitely be back and I'm VERY interested in the Sunday brunch but I just will stick to coffee, oh wait , Sunday brunch is bottomless Bloody Mary's?? , ok I'll suffer.
<review# 182,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2014,5/28/2014,128,400,1,8,4>I went for the first time to try the Order the Yelp!  This place is amazing.  They just finished adding on to their dining room so there is now table service. The front area of the restaurant is order at the counter.  There is free parking behind the restaurant or meters in the front.  Pros-The staff is very friendly and knowledgeable. Our waitress could even pair the sandwich with a wine or beer.  I had a Hard Root Beer---how can you make root beer better?  Add alcohol.  -We ordered the MPD:  excellent -SOHO Sweet Cheeses: good-almost like a dessert with the sweet jam.  A little goes a long way.-THE YELP:  Good- a little salty but full of flavor.  Had to try it since it's only around for a month. Check in on yelp for 30% off the sandwich.-Sweet Potato fries- excellent:  they are waffle fries served with a sweet marshmallow dip.  The small was enough for three ladies to share.  -The bread is grilled in a waffle iron so it comes out looking like a waffle.  Cons:  A little hard to find the parking in the back of the restaurant, which is actually the main entrance.I would definitely go back!  It's good to go with people who are willing to share because it's fun to try all the flavors.
<review# 183,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2014,5/27/2014,360,368,10,17,8>29 Reviews and still a 5 Star Rating, I had to eat here.I pulled up at noon on a Monday and there wasn't one car parked outside. Hmmm could these reviews be wrong? I walk in and there are two people inside (not eating) and it's alittle dark. I admit I didn't read any reviews so I didn't know the concept was a nightclub. No cars out front, low lighting, two people inside, I'm getting a little apprehensive about eating here. I walk up to the counter and this guy, the owner Louis, tells me to grab the order sheet. He explains how to place my order. As I'm filling out my order I notice that the place is spotless. I order a medium turkey and Roast beef on wheat bread. I add some cheese and some fixings and proceed to watch Louis make my sandwich. Hand sliced Thurman Meat with the sub  roll cut in half. He stacks the meat on both sides of the bread.  As he wraps it up the phone rings. He checks the caller ID and lets it ring. It was then I noticed this dude is working by himself. I asked, you work by yourself? He replies yes. WTF a one man sub shop?  Never seen that before. I'm thinking damn it must get crazy in here during rush. He hands me my sub in a bag and this thing is freaken heavy. Thinking my water bottle was adding to the weight I take it out of the bag and $hit if the weight Ain't just the sub. I'm impressed. I had some small talk with Louis, we shook hands and I left. Before I continue, LaSpadas is #1 for cold sub making in Broward. I'm a native here and I speak the truth. With that said, Louis K's is damn good. Reminds me of a sub shop named Six Bits that used to be in Pompano and Oakland Park in the 80's. Six Bits is long gone but this place is it's hot looking sister.  Probably the cold best sub I've had outside of LaSpadas or Subalicious. The fact that this dude Louis works solo is nothing short of amazing. The construction of the sub is a thing of beauty too, see my pic. I highly recommend this place. Remember to tell them Blue sent you and Stay Hungry!
<review# 184,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2014,5/26/2014,78,91,8,13,8>Oh you delightful little hidden gem!  Meeting a friend for lunch, he told me to meet him here. Actually, in making plans he said "yelp it". I knew I was in love before I even stepped foot in Dixie tracks. Hidden right off Dixie highway, just a hiccup south of commercial, situated in the middle of a super small strip of stores, is this amazing little, I emphasize little, restaurant. The waiters, chef, owner..... Nicest people around. Clearly I showed up with a regular favorite. You wouldn't think the menu would have such interesting and unique dishes. Things like caramelized banana stuffed waffles, jerk Philly cheesesteak.  The specials are written in chalk boards that line the open kitchen. Along with fun phrases and events. Clearly my eyes were glued to the chicken and waffles. My fellow yelpers.  This is my top 3 chicken and waffles. Look at my reviews, I love me some chicken and waffles. Here, you get your delightful buttery, fluffy waffle. On top, little bite sized fried pieces of heaven that they soak in some sort of chili glaze. On the side, syrup.  Yeah, finger lickin, stomach thanking chicken and waffles. My friend had the steak sandwich special. Of course I had a bite, he wouldn't let me leave without trying. Oh. My. Damn. I don't even know how to explain it except that the ingredients were fresh, the kimchi kicked ass... The chimmichurri.... Oh lord. Yeah. That was awesome. Except me back dixie tracks. I want breakfast, I want lunch, I want it all!!!  I totally plan on trying everything on the menu Oh and did I mention..... French fries with old bay (or at least something close to it).  Thank you for that. My inner Marylander was very happy.
<review# 185,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2013,5/25/2014,440,356,10,14,16>YAY! I am a big fan of this place.The place is easy to find. Parking is a pain since there was construction going on next door. We ended up parking in the back good thing we did not get towed. Walking in I couldn't help but notice the long wood tables and mix matched chairs. It was very cozy and cute. It felt like a farm house. It seems like they did some remodeling or expanded. After reading all the reviews and everyone raving about the brisket and ribs I knew I had to get the combo and try out both. The brisket was DELICIOUS! It was my first time trying it and it was tender and so much flavor. The Ribs were amazing as well. The meat came right off once you took a bite. For side orders I chose the mac and cheese which was great. I also chose the corn bread and it was oh so yummy!! I did try a little of the pulled pork and I have to say I am a fan!! Make sure to try the CHICKEN!! Omg!! Amazing! The place is very clean and service was so quick!! The minute we go there we were greeted and quickly placed the order. In less than 5 mins we had our trays. Make sure to try the BBQ sauce on the table. It was delicious and added great flavor to the meat. I wish I could have stolen the jar! I was addicted. This place has become our new favorite spot.
<review# 186,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2014,5/24/2014,250,136,10,17,13>My first visit here was after the Sweet Dreams event at the Seminole Creek in Coconut Creek, I came here to cure the sugar comatose that I was slipping into. I bookmarked this restaurant a few months before and was excited to finally make it here. When I arrived, I parked out front. There weren't any spots outside, so I sat inside at a table, facing the back of the restaurant. It's really small and dark, but cozy. Different types of portraits adorn the wall, accenting the restaurant. I was warmly greeted and quickly sat down. They have a list of craft beers, a rotating tap with different beers - although, I forget how often they change it. The menu is definitely different and not for everyone. On my first visit, I ordered the Piggy Pin Wheels and Cigar City Co. Hornswoggled Irish Red off of the tap. Bread swirled with bacon, capers, olives and raisins?? Oh yum! I managed to eat almost all of it all by myself!! Okay, so I'm really a Guinness person. I love it, especially off of a good tap. So, I'm skeptical about other beers measuring up. However, the Irish Red was fantastic. It's a good runner-up. ;-)I ordered the Bourbon BBQ Pulled Pork Sandwich. It comes on a kaiser roll, with aioli, sweet & spicy coleslaw and chipotle pineapple sauce. It wasn't dry and quite savory. My favorite part was the sweet & spicy slaw, which is amusing because I have never liked the idea of eating consuming coleslaw. Yeah.... that's right, I've never even tried it.  However, I could eat their slaw alone in a bowl. For my side, I ordered the Mac & Cheese. It was extremely hot and bubbly when it arrived. It had a crusted top and was actually not bad - especially considering I'm not a mac & cheese person either. I couldn't finish it. I was already stuffed from the event. I left Sybarite ready to hit my bed and snooze. The second time I came here, I tried to slip in unnoticed because I wore my Yelp shirt the first time and was hoping they had forgotten who I was. I didn't want to be treated differently because I write reviews for Yelp. Anyway, it didn't work. The owner, Daniel, remembered who I was because of our conversation about how I live just down the road and had gone running right by the restaurant before. I also realized that he and Blue, our Yelp CM, have the same accent.Anyway, I ordered a different beer that is on draft right now, but it wasn't really my taste. I ordered the same sandwich as before, but this time I ordered the kapusta as my side dish. I believe the owner said that it was made with cabbage, sauerkraut and there were bits of sausage in it. I can't remember what else was in it, but it was really tasty. I just had to have the Piggy Pin Wheels again. I couldn't finish them though. The sandwich tasted a bit different than the first time I came, but I'm sure the cooks were not the same. It was still pretty good though. Just a few things - I wish it were a larger place. It's just awfully small. Maybe there are plans to expand in the future? They seem to be extremely popular. It was also fairly smokey the second time I came. The door was propped open, but the smell was still strong. It was an inviting smell though.I also had to request my check, even though I had already stated that I was finished. I waited a few minutes, but it wasn't brought until I flagged the guy behind the bar. I assume that if someone tells you they are finished, that you would automatically bring them the check, especially if you walk behind the bar and just stand there. I've worked in restaurants before and I would never do that. Marqus R mentioned something about some of the customers being ignored, which is what happened to me the second time. I don't know her name either, but there wasn't hardly anyone (one table leaving and one had just sat down) in there when I was there, so I don't feel it should have happened. Despite that, I enjoy coming here and will definitely be back though. If you haven't had a chance to check their place out, you should definitely come on by and give them a try.
<review# 187,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2014,5/23/2014,78,97,2,8,4>The food here was great; however the service left much to be desired. I came here with a friend around 6:00 on a Saturday evening. For the Hard Rock crowd, this is a little early so the restaurant wasn't packed by any means. Once we were seated, it took about 10 minutes for a server to even come over to greet us and take our drink order. We waited for another 10 minutes for the drinks to come out and finally a different waiter came over and asked us if someone had taken our order. We told him that we were waiting on our drinks and gave him our drink order. He came back shortly after, and since our waiter had already brought the drinks he left a basket of bread at the table instead, which was very nice of him to do. Despite the lackluster service from our assigned waiter, the food was good. I ordered the veggie burger, which was made of black bean and it was delicious. It was one of the few black bean burgers that I've had where you can actually taste the black beans. The fries were good as well and the food was brought out hot, much to our surprise. The only bad thing about this place was the service. Our waiter didn't even smile at us until he brought out the check. If you come to this restaurant, I would just recommend that you not be in a rush because the service is slow. The food is definitely worthwhile though.
<review# 188,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2014,5/22/2014,44,195,,11,4>Stopped in for lunch on Saturday. Was seated and greeted promptly by our server. The atmosphere here is very pretty - dimly lit with gas lamps throughout - glass wall to brewery area and kitchen. Booths primarily throughout. We started with their lightest house brewed beer which was very good and ordered the Brie pillow appetizer which is a medium sized Brie baked in a puff pastry served worth fresh fruits, French bread, honey mixed with walnuts, toasted almonds and a head of roasted garlic. This was extremely enjoyable and could be eaten as a meal, really. It looks pricey at $14 but is worth the money.I had the chicken quinoa salad which had pine nuts, craisins, arugula, goat cheese and strawberries - it was fabulous and light. Again was a bit pricey but the quality and flavor was spot on.My husband had the French dip sandwich. It was served with au juice and a side - he chose sweet potato fries. The fries were great. The sandwich was good but not worth the $16 price tag. I think they're trying to compete with Houston's on this sandwich but the quality nowhere near. The AU juice was extremely salty too.My daughter had the chicken tender appetizer which was only 3 chicken tenders with fries. They were both good but in my opinion should be more chicken and less fries . She also had a root beer which is made in house - was very tasty.All in all we enjoyed and will return
<review# 189,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2014,5/21/2014,566,440,4,14,9>If you're from Dade, picture this as Broward's version of Monty's only with better food! The place gets INSANE! Keep in mind this is a tourist area and they do not take reservations for the downstairs. 15th Street Fisheries is divided into an upstairs higher scale dining restaurant and a casual bar/restaurant downstairs. I'm reviewing the downstairs. Buy a bag of shrimp and feed them to the hungry tarpon that hang out on the backside of the restaurant which is also a marina. I love a place where if you had a boat you could park it here and walk into the restaurant. Their peel and eat shrimp were a little over done for my taste but the shrimp po boy was more than amazing! They top it with slaw and spicy mayo and it is phenomenal! Clam chowder and pasta with clams were also really good! Whether you're coming with a date or a group of friends, this place did not disappoint!
<review# 190,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2014,5/20/2014,402,320,4,12,12>My boyfriend and I had the opportunity to stay here for two nights. We arrived on a Friday night and stayed until Sunday morning. When we pulled up, the valet staff greeted us and took my car away. We then walked inside to check-in, the rest of the staff warmly welcomed us.The check-in process took only a few minutes before we went upstairs to our room. When we first walked in, the room temperature was set to 50 degrees (brr!). The room was mostly white and very clean looking. The view was just breathtaking.We unpacked our things, and headed to the first floor for dinner. At the hotel restaurant, SAIA, there were many vegetarian and vegan options. This made the stay a little more awesome. Since we were in the middle of a cold front, we decided to stay indoors and enjoy the hotel some more.When we woke up in the morning, I was completely lost for words. I opened the shades, and the entire view was the ocean. Fortunately, we picked the perfect weekend. The sky was clear and the weather was cool. Even if I tried, I could not explain in words how in awe I was over the view. Another thing I would like to point out is the location of the hotel. I really liked that we were at the corner of Sunrise and A1A. Further down, towards the bars, the car and people traffic is drastically higher. This location was perfect for a relaxing and quiet experience. You can easily walk to many vegetarian and vegan-friendly restaurants. The ocean is no more than a two-minute walk from their entrance. There is a bike rental spot at the entrance area as well.  It had everything that we needed to make the mini-vacation that much better.When we returned to the room after a day at the beach and walking around, the room was cleaned and we had fresh towels. Overall, I could have not asked for a better experience. The hotel was clean, the staff was friendly, the location was perfect and the view was incredible.
<review# 191,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/20/2014,5/19/2014,282,87,23,28,24>Once- a long time ago, I went to the drive-in when they still gave you speakers to put in the window of your car.  It wasn't a romantic evening with a hot date, but it stuck out in my mind as one of the better excursions I've had. So when the wife told me she was planning an event at the drive-in, I wasn't completely opposed. I did want to be able to vote on the movie, but in the end the movie didn't matter at all.My wife found herself on an old Talk thread that had been bumped several times. For this reason or that, the interest was there, but an actual event was never set up. Another member appointed my wife, being newly Elite, in charge of making it happen.  Some web surfing and a few phone calls later, all the info was gathered and posted on the thread.  A third Yelp elite member got involved in the planning and it was full speed ahead. If you decide to go , the drive-in is great for a romantic date. Make sure you chose a movie that isn't too popular... ::wink wink::  j/k... Make sure that you turn your headlights off ASAP so you don't bother other viewers.  There is a concession stand as well as someone in a golf cart that sells snacks and refreshments, but you`re probably better off bringing your own snacks with you.  Also bring a pillow or blanket as you may want to be very comfortable as you are going to be there for a good 2+ hours.  You can enjoy an adult beverage while you are there as well. I'm not sure how this works with open container laws and such but if it is your wish it is available.  If you do forget snacks just flash your lights quickly and the golf cart will come on over to you. They do have recent movies and at $7- a ticket for adults it is a much better deal than going to the regular theater.  Also there can't be anyone near you bothering you on their phone or taking up your personal space which is great.  Also, unlike the regular theaters where they have started to make it trickier to get into other movies, here you can drive your car over to another movie and enjoy a double feature!
<review# 192,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2014,5/18/2014,219,226,5,11,9>Cuddling your darling and burning calories!! What more could you ask for?!?!? No Sitter Required to Burn calories and get an excellent workout! Most Moms struggle with trying to work out and attending to their newborns- I certainly did!  Mommycise Fitness combines both and allows you to be a mom AND workout with a facility that allows you to bring your babe to your workout and incorporate your child into your workout as needed. I researched far and wide for a place to workout that I could bring the baby to.  Although some gyms offer a separate play area for kids, they are often unclean, force you to leave your child with a complete stranger and don't allow you to see your babe while you workout.  What mom would be comfortable with that?!? Not this mom and not any mom I know! Mommycise Fitness is different!  This is the only studio that allows you to bring your babe INTO your workout class and even use your sweetie as a weight!  With the opening of their new studio at the Harbor Shops, my workout possibilities increased infinitely and I couldn't be more thrilled at the convenience and offerings!!   Mommycise already has a HUGE following since the owner/instructor Kim has been hosting classes around Broward County for quite some time.  The opening of this location triples their offerings making it even more convenient for busy moms like me. Kim leads classes in a fun, dance studio atmosphere, complete with toys on the sides to keep babes occupied.  Feel free to feed your baby or give him snacks in this 100% baby/toddler/infant friendly facility!!  Bring your babe's favorite toys or let him explore the selection already there!CLASS TYPES:Class offerings are DIVERSE! Yoga, Core, Boot Camp, Cardio, and more!!   In two weeks, Mondays will offer Mommy & Me Music Classes too!  Can't wait!CLASS TIMES: Choose from several morning and evening options, six days a week!   Pre-register online or on the app for any class-- no consistency required! COST:Classes are sold individually (@$20 per class), in bulk packages of 10 or 20 for a discounted rate, or in an unlimited monthly pass where you can attend as many classes as your schedule allows!!  I went with the unlimited package to take advantage of as many of the offerings as possible.  ADDITIONAL BENEFITS:Kim also promotes a healthy lifestyle by organizing Moms to run/walk in local marathons and have Girl's Nights Out!   For new and first time moms, this is a lifesaver as you struggle to stay healthy, lose weight and relax- I just wish I found them earlier!Thank GOODNESS someone finally created a solution for moms like me!
<review# 193,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2014,5/17/2014,83,105,,8,6>This place is always buzzin' which is the main reason I like it so much. Met up with friends here, we got a table instead of hanging around the bar. Definitely a place to socialize and meet people, if you're into that. I needed to eat to balance out my drinks as I had to work the next day so it was necessary to get seated and chow down.  I ordered a long Island Ice Tea which was on point, they didn't skimp on the liquor, but it wasn't burning the lining of my esophagus either - I could taste the tea! As well as ordering the pulled pork sandwich... and maybe a shot or two in there just to pad the night out.  The sandwich was delicious, soft, BBQ flavor wasn't too sweet - that's my usual gripe with pulled pork sandwiches. It was so melt in your mouth fabulous, that writing this makes me wish I had one right here on my keyboard. The fries were to die for and on top of that I loved the presentation. Obviously this is something that I could order while with friends, it is certainly not a "date night" meal. There is something about an oozing and delicious pulled pork sandwich that brings out the carnivore in all of us. My usual dining etiquette was thrown to the wind and I tore that sandwich apart with purpose. Basically my point is - no-one looks pretty eating a pulled pork sandwich, so go hard or go home.Others at my table ordered that ceviche and cheese platter. The ceviche I didn't try but it looked good and I only heard about how tasty it was all night! As for the cheese platter, that was abysmal, one huge rip off at $4 per piece of cheese, and for the size, you could easily get jacked by a mouse if you don't watch it. Thank god that one wasn't on my tab or this review might look a little less starry-eyed.
<review# 194,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/20/2013,5/16/2014,146,160,,10,9>Had some friends in town from Chicago who are dealing with dreadfully cold weather and decided that trying S3 and eating outdoors on Fort Lauderdale beach would be a nice change of pace for them.  Even through it was dark by the time we ate, its still a great location across from the beach. I had been wanting to try this place for a while.  I made a reservation through Open Table and S3 called to confirm my reservation the day of, and asked if I had a seating preference.  Nice touch.Showed up at the restaurant on a Thursday night and the place was busy but there were a few open tables.  We were able to chose our table, which is a nice accommodation for a busy restaurant.  The restaurant is much larger than I had expected so it looks like they can seat a lot of people and be really busy.  The outdoor bar area has some nice big screen televisions, seating area, fire pits.  Modern decor but not overly fancy.  A very comfortable ambiance.Service was excellent the entire night.  Our waitress was training, but was nice, friendly and eager to serve us, and the waitress training our waitress was with her practically the whole night, helping to fill in any gaps in menu descriptions, ordering advice and answer questions.  No service complaints whatsoever.  Food for the most part was very good.  This is a tapas style place with some larger dishes so you do need to develop a game plan for ordering.  They just bring out the dishes (in what appears to be order of plate size) with the "large plates" appearing last.We had the soy glazed edamame which was a uniquely salty and tasty dish.  Sun roll sushi which was good, a seafoood tower that was awesome containing crab meat tuna and a fried wonton cracker.  We had the scallops which were recommended by our trainer waitress which were in a very richly flavored sauce.  We had lambchops which were excellent but did come out a bit rarer than we had ordered.  We also had the mac and cheese which was creamy goodness, the rotisserie chicken which was tender tasty and excellent (the ratatouille served with the chicken was also great), and a grouper special which underwhelmed.  The grouper was the only dish of the night that got a thumbs down.  A bit too salty, fishy and overcooked.  For dessert a layer cake that got increaingly better with each bite served a long with some ducle de leche ice cream.As for drinks, we did not order specialty drinks but rather wine, beer, gin and whiskey.  All pours were generous.  Dinner was pricey but we did order some pricey items and was not outrageous.  The menu is rather large with a lot of enticing items.  I plan to return to try some more of them.
<review# 195,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2014,5/15/2014,271,213,3,13,10>Yup I am a fan of this sophisticated yet very laid back spot.  My husband arranged the reservations, it was solely his idea and it was a great one at that. Right from the get go I felt that everybody was far from being pretentious, but rather courteous.   That is something I can't stand at $$$$ places. Valentinos is different.  They offer an extensive list of specials and you will most likely want to go for the specials of the day.  Everything we had was excellent. I didn't like my cocktail (Fresco) that much so I traded with hubby's (Gia). (Approx $15)First off, their bread and bread sticks are amazingly addicting. Next time I ll ask for more sticks.  Perfectly crisp and salty. As appetizers we went with the beet salad and charred octopus. The octopus was soo good  I will suggest you order it.  The beets I could have re-created at home,  not the octopus though.  Go for it. (Approx $14-19).Entrees: We had the orrechiette pasta special with house-made lamb sausage and shaved goat cheese. This was a rich and satisfying dish.  We loved it.  Another on menu item we tried were the scallops. Perfectly cooked with roasted cauliflower capers and a balsamic reduction. We loved this one as well. Dessert special was freshly made zeppole/donuts with blackberry filling and ricotta dipping sauce.  Perfect!  I am not a big fan of donuts unless they are still warm and fluffy. These fit the mold and I was a happy girl.  We also ordered one scoop of candied bacon gelato - husband loved it,  I was missing the candy aspect and tasted only bacon. Expect to pay $80 plus person.
<review# 196,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2014,5/14/2014,34,78,3,10,6>They've said it before and I'm going to second it, this is a great neighborhood gem! Situated right next to a Crossfit gym (keep that in mind when sitting outside...loud music), this restaurant is very quaint inside with a generous front porch. While not casual dining, it isn't stuffy either. It's a perfect date night spot. The service was on point. They had about five severs for the tiny little restaurant which ensured no one was left high and dry for anything, whether it was questions about the menu or filling glasses. Everyone was super friendly. I started with the cauliflower soup with mushrooms which was a tad but bland but definitely captures the flavor of the cauliflower well. My husband had the shrimp avocado grapefruit salad which was divine. For main dishes, I had the grouper which was extraordinarily well balanced. Served with green beans (that came with a mix of feta and kalamata olives mmm mmm) and a small salad of greens. The grouper was topped with fresh pesto that was definitely homemade. The dish was lovely and while the fish was a touch bit bland as far as flavor, it was grilled very well. My husband had their burger and devoured it with a smile on his face. The fries were plentiful and delicious, as was the bun on which it was served.  Overall, this was an extremely enjoyable experience. We will definitely return, and we're thrilled to have discovered such a great little neighborhood hangout.
<review# 197,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2014,5/13/2014,60,152,4,16,8>I wish yelp had more stars because this place  is crazy good.. To start off with the service is super friendly and professional  we had some interaction with 4 of their staff members and every one of them had a cheerful smile and took pride in what they do, Other restaurants should take notice on how things are done around here, Now for the reason  I was here .... The food we had the brisket sandwich and the  and the Pork-Strami. The latter sandwich has a very interesting combination  of tastes and textures and we really did like it but it was over shadowed by the Brisket which was a life changing experience , it had a nice end piece of brisket  which I love because of the crispy bark it was loads of smokey flavor.Now for the sides we had the macaroni and cheese and the beans . The Mac and cheese was great they make it with wagon wheel pasta in a super rich and creamy cheese sauce. The beans were unbelievable  because of the big chunks of bacon and the bacon was of  high quality you can really taste it.I can hardly wait to go back to try some other dishes but e brisket is a must have, trust me on this !
<review# 198,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2014,5/12/2014,165,221,8,12,11>I'm in love with this place. If this place was a person, my husband would be in great trouble.I kid, I kid..not really.Your Big Picture Cafe is everything this girl wants in a coffee shop and more. The place is always clean, the service is always extraordinary and the drinks are amazing. Whats even better? They have options. Tons of them.You like your latte with almond milk? Not a problem. You prefer Truvia over Splenda? You got it! You want your Ice Mocha full fat? Go for it!You see, here in this coffee shop they truly give you exactly what you want. And always do it with a smile.They also have the cutest selection of health-goods and feel-good memorabilia. You can find quoted magnets, quoted candles, quotes coffee mugs, crystal butterflies, and chakra candles. And as if all of that wasnt enough to make this flower child happy, they also offer yoga classes once or twice a week. WHAT? This place is heaven.P.S. My husband spilled his entire coffee on his way out, and the amazing barista made him a new one without us having to ask. She was beyond helpful and she was so incredible nice.
<review# 199,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2014,5/11/2014,17,50,4,10,6>I have been nagging my husband for a week to go to Korean bbq with me after watching Zimmern on tv and thinking- I must try Korean food asap. He agrees to go... the easy part. My next obstacle- there are 3 Korean bbq spots within steps of each other, which one do I choose?! After comparing reviews I choose ROK because I liked the AYCE option for 22 bucks. I don't know which was better between the food and the service, which is something I don't find myself saying often or ever.We were warmly greeted by Mike the owner who took care of us during our dining adventure. He began with giving us some knowledge about kbbq and enlightened us on their approach to fresh food made to order in house. He was so passionate not only about the food they prepare for you but about making his guests happy. He was so attentive and just made our whole experience delightful.The food- amazing. I've never had kbbq before so I can't compare it to anything else but I know when my tastebuds are doing backflips and forming a conga line, and they were. We started with the included traditional banchan, there wasn't anything I didn't like but I especially liked the kimchee, fish cakes, mung beans and the black beans that had the consistency of boiled peanuts and were sweet like candy. Then came the meat, pork belly and grilled marinated chicken and Mike showed us how to make pork belly lettuce wraps like they do in Korea with the accompanied dipping sauces. These were good but even more was the chicken. Chicken is my least favored protein, it just doesn't bring much to the table for me but this chicken was the juiciest and most flavorful I may have ever had and we ended up ordering a second round on top of all the food we already had. Next was the marinated beef and spicy pork, my husband liked the pork more which worked out in my favor because I liked the beef. I made little lettuce tacos with these and they were sooooo good!! We also had the tofu soup and a simple salad with a dressing that was similar to a ginger dressing and they were just as amazing as everything else. I haven't tried the other places and don't think I'll need to. Next time I need my Korean fix I know just where to go!
<review# 200,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2013,5/10/2014,412,333,10,13,14>I have found my happy place and how sweet it is!   This was my first visit To The Moon and as I walked through the door, I was giddy and consequently overcome with giggles. This is a candy connoisseurs paradise and if you haven't been here yet, you're missing out on a must-see spot in Wilton Manors. Sometimes you feel like a nut ... sometimes you don't.  You'll find everything from an International assortment of chocolates to marzipan, lollipops, licorice, and sweets galore.  There's even a fridge with craft root beer, lavender & rose petal soda, Moxie, bottled beverages and Pepsi, Crush, and more pop. Astro Pops were spotted, along with lots of licorice, Pez dispensers, postcards, gum, magnets, greeting cards, Garbage Pale Kids trading cards (a blast from the past!), socks, toys, and other novelties.  Floor to ceiling treats. Seeing many of the goodies here took me back to those carefree days of being a kid, earning my cavities and setting the stage for what would become a series of terrifying & traumatic dentist visits.  But hey ... YOLO!  Ps.  They accept all credit cards except AMEX.
<review# 201,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2014,5/9/2014,73,67,4,10,9>The Funky Buddha is simply the greatest place if you are a beer drinker.  I have been to every brewery, microbrewery, nano brewery, and restaurant brewery in the tri county area and none of them can hold a candle to The Funky Buddha.  As wonderful as some of the craft beer bars are, I still think The Funky Buddha is the best place.First, it's got to be about the beer!  And nobody makes it better.  Nobody!  They're winning national awards in less than a year of being open.  They provide so many beers of so many varieties.  And when they say the beer will taste like blueberry or peanut butter and jelly or a rice kris pie treat, well, it most definitely does!  On top of that, you might worry that a fruit beer might be too fruity or some of their other concoctions may not mix right as a beer, but nobody does it better!  Where else can you go to have a beer that tastes like an actual peanut butter and jelly sandwich and even be able to fast the jelly?  The cool thing is that they are constantly releasing new beers and at the same time, their specialty beers are only available for a certain time.  For example on 3/14 they celebrated Pi Day by serving beers that tasted like pies.  I had a pint of the red velvet, blueberry, carrot cake, key lime, apple pie and the famous Veruca Salt.  How cool is that?  Then for Thanksgiving you may find a beer like sweet potato casserole that had a super sweet potato and marshmallow flavor all while giving you a healthy 8% of alcohol.  Ask anyone that frequents The Funky Buddha and they will tell you that their best beer is their award Last Snow porter.  Just giving you a heads up that that will rerelease on April 9th.The Funky Buddha also has a plethora of beers that are consistently on tap that cover the entire spectrum of beers from an IPA to a Porter to a red beer to a blonde to their signature Floridian Hefeweizen.  If all of these beers are not enough then you will find that they also feature other Florida brewed beers.Next, The Funky Buddha does not serve food.  But this has turned into a plus because Funky Buddha will allow you to bring food in.  There is always at least one food truck out front.  When they host a special event they will have a variety of food trucks out front. The brewery will also provide you with a notebook filled with delivery menus.  One or two days a week there is a farmer's market across the street in which you can buy food and bring it in.Last, I love the atmosphere of The Funky Buddha.  They feature a long bar.  Their space is wide open with all kinds of seating.  There is an enormous patio in the front and another on the side.  There are fun tours on the weekend.  They also provide an abundance of games to play while you drink your beers, but the highlight is the beer game room which features foosball, corn hole, giant Jenga and a full size bocce ball court.The place is amazing.  Anyone who doesn't get their appeal simply just doesn't know the first thing about beer or having a terrific time in a relaxed atmosphere with foodie options as well as a revolving door of new beers all year long.
<review# 202,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2014,5/8/2014,187,216,8,11,10>Jimmie's is a cozy place to bring a date.  Definitely agree with 'date night' @ Jimmie's ChocolatesThis is two old homes in the Dania Beach area nested right off of Federal...One is the Chocolate Shoppe and one was made into the Café.I went with my wife on a Thursday evening, late evening...closer to 9.  Which they were open until 10 but we were pretty much the last ones there.  Sat down for dinner and desert.  We sat upstairs where there are several tables in a cozy area with seating for about 20, maybe 25.  But it was a very cozy and romantic ambiance to the upstairs, where we felt like we were having dinner at home...upstairs.Dinner- Tripleta with Arroz con Gandules - Great combination of a bed of sausage, shredded pork, and topped with a perfectly cooked and sliced sirloin on top.  Normally this dish would be served with a bed of ham, but they were out for the night so it was substituted with the sausage...perfectly fine with that, maybe even gave it a better salty taste to it.  Great little combo going on here, it just satisfies every meat craving there is all in one dish with a good balance of seasonings and some onions and peppers sautéed with the sausage.  The rice was good, had an enticing aroma and was hot and soft, seasoned well with the exception of a little too little salt...But hey, that can be fixed, salt shaker please.  It probably is salted perfectly for others but I like it salty...maybe it's just me.Camarones with Habichuelas & Cilantro rice - 8 Jumbo shrimp, nicely salted, seasoned and seared...even though one or two may have been slightly undercooked but no biggie.  It needed just a tad more time on the grill.  But it was still edible.  The cilantro rice was soft and yummy, mix it all in with the red beans...oOoOF...just give me a whole plate of this please!Food is excellent, but I think I'd come back to Jimmie's more for their desert than anything else...Dinner items are a bit pricey for what it is.Now to the main event!DESSERT!Cheesecake covered in Chocolate - YES!  Covered in chocolate!  This is by far one of the best cheesecake I've had in a long time!  The cheesecake was so soft, creamy and the chocolate...yes the chocolate, it looked like a lot, but I wish there was more...  That is coming from a choco-holic!  But when you first lay eyes on the dish when it's brought to the table, first thing that comes to mind is this is going to be overwhelmingly sweet and unbearably rich.  But with the first bite...it was sooOOooOooOo goooOoOoOoOoOoOoooD!  Just perfect! Juuuust perfect!  Wish I had more chocolate! =)Flourless Chocolate Torte with Dulce de Leche - This just reminds me of a molten lava cake...My favorite...It definitely adds some character with the caramel on top (dulce de leche) and the bed of chocolate that is laying on just brought it all together!  Wish I had more of this too...  This one was a tad sweeter, remember, it has caramel...  It is also YUMMY!Good brews too!  Chocolate Stout and a Pecan Ale...what a perfect balance to the night!  Will be back!
<review# 203,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2014,5/7/2014,284,181,5,14,10>After seeing such great reviews on Yelp, we decided to stop on our way home from the gym for an early dinner.The food was awesome! People weren't kidding when they said that the portion sizes were big! My burrito must have weighed 2 lbs. I ordered the carnita encuerado (wrapped up in a tortilla instead of the naked version). It had rice, lettuce, pico, pinto beans (you can also choose to get black beans too), sour cream, guac and cheese. I have to admit that I couldn't really find any guac in my mammoth burrito, but I didn't really miss it because the flavor of the carnitas was so delicious. I split the carnitas version and a tilapia burrito with my mom. They don't fry any of the meat, so the fish was grilled and perfectly cooked. Nice and flakey and moist. I have to admit I preferred the carnitas instead of the fish, but that's just because of the bold flavor of the carnitas. It's really like comparing apples to oranges though. Tilapia is such a mild flavored fish so the burrito didn't have such a burst of flavors. Next time I would try the tacos just because they looked tasty in the pics people have posted. They also offer tacos, burritos, quesadillas, nachos, salads and burgers. The major upside is that the food is delicious and the restaurant is close so going there is super convenient. However, that is also a downside because I could eat there every day! This place deserves all the great reviews and I would definitely recommend people check this place out!
<review# 204,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2014,5/6/2014,309,218,3,10,7>I have had dinner here a few times before, but it had been awhile, and I had forgotten how much I like it here.  This restaurant has the FRESHEST fish! The special scallop appitizer was excellent. I had the blackened mahi tonight and it was so delicious my eyes closed and I felt a rush of pleasure.  The mahi was perfectly cooked, firm consistency that melts in your mouth.  The sauce and the roasted vegetables were perfection!  The beet and goat cheese salad I started my meal with was not quite what I expected,  but was quite delicious. Our meal was paired nicely with selections from the extensive wine list. I ate every bite. I ended this indulgent meal with the sumptuous espresso chocolate flourless cake and a double cappuccino.  We also had Creme Brulee whicb was insanely decadent!  Perfect friendly service (our server knows us from previous visits). Everything here is delicious,  but I say go for one of the fresh fish specials. Enjoy!
<review# 205,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2014,5/5/2014,62,126,4,15,13>I have not reviewed a restaurant in a long time. Mostly because none of them have been particularly good, or bad, until this past weekend.  We dine out a lot and believe that Sardelli's is one of, if not the best places in South Florida. We were impressed from the second we walked up to the unassuming door. It looks like an upscale townhouse from the outside, standing 4 stories tall. The reception area draws you in, welcoming you like you are in someone's home. There is a beautiful backlit onyx bar, but we went straight to our seat for our 7pm reservation. They brought a beautiful home baked bread basket with black olive rolls, to die for. I don't eat butter, but my husband did, it had nice fresh herbs in it, he loved it.  They brought a cream veg soup on the house, which I regretfully had to decline because of the dairy. The presentation was beautiful and my husband almost licked the bowl. We shared the grilled octopus app and he also got the oysters, which he raved about. For entrees I got the smoked gnocchi with seafood. The gnocchi were soft and delicate, all the seafood was cooked perfectly, and the flavors were amazing. Husband got the lamb chops. He orders this out a lot, and is always on the side of being disappointed, not to mention hungry cause the portion is always too small for a very pricey dish. Not here, it was the largest portion of lamb I have ever seen him served. He loved it, said it was the best he's had to date! We were too stuffed for desert. We also had a reasonably priced Pinot Grigio that was excellent. The service was impeccable. We didn't have to ask for anything, never felt rushed and everything was cleared from the table with the utmost manners. You feel comfortable enough, but in a finer dining establishment that has no stuffiness at all. We can't wait to return. A friend advised me they have all four floors and do private parties in the other areas.
<review# 206,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2014,5/4/2014,370,102,6,12,12>Favorite thing about walking into Happy Tails Park is the entrance. This park makes me feel like I'm taking my Cody to an Academy with its brick entrance, signage written on stone, a couple of dog statues, and an arched gate. Nonetheless, it's the best dog park entrance I've ever seen.  Cody and I came here by default because Snyder's Bark Park was getting new grass put in. In a way this was a good thing. I discovered Happy Tails Park for Cody that was only 15 minutes away from Snyder. This park has bigger and wider play areas for both over 25lbs. dogs and under 25lbs. dogs. The areas are also sectioned off in 4-5 different areas for privacy and play areas. This park is also equipped with agility courses and plenty of seating areas for dog owners.  Happy Tails park is well maintained with plenty of bags and bins provided for people to clean up after their dog. The park is also cleaned up every Wednesday morning until noon. They have the K9 Guzzler(water fountain) and hoses that you will see when you walk in to wash off your dog. It is really good to know I have two options to bring my furry friend that's clean, good for dogs and their owner, and close to home.
<review# 207,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2014,5/3/2014,145,67,4,11,6>Awesome place to hang out on a Saturday or Sunday afternoon. Most of the little food shops give out samples. So far I've bought Kentucky award-winning bread pudding, a variety of fresh dill pickles that go great with my sandwiches, and fresh fruit smoothies. We've also purchased scented oils and incense for the casa here too. The eucalyptus oil makes your house smell like heaven. They also sell great body bar soaps that come in a variety of scents that are 3 for $10 typically ( try the peppermint soap!) and we buy it regularly. We've also purchased cute magnet bracelets that are resemble tribal jewelry. Like I said this place is pretty awesome. Some booths can sell products that are a bit overpriced but you can haggle them if you have cash versus plastic. I recommend this place for sure.
<review# 208,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2014,5/2/2014,561,133,10,22,17>Cecilie's is one of my favorite places. I have a bad day, I come here. Date night, I come here. Dateless Saturday night, I come here. Saturday afternoon after running errands, I come here. I have PMS & I need a "chocolate fix", I come here. It's a wonderful place & for so many reasons.Let me start by saying that you can drive right by this amazing store & not even know that you passed it. Coral Springs is not "Signage Friendly" & that makes it incredibly difficult for business owners to make their stores stand out. Cecilie's is in a strip center directly across the street from the Publix shopping center. Trust me, once you find it you will never forget were it is.Evan is the owner of Cecilie's.  He is a great guy & funny as hell. He is always coming up with new flavors & he has created some awesome ones along the way. He's also open to suggestions, so if you think of a cool flavor then run it by him. I suggested Chocolate Covered Cherry but he explained that the liquid center would not freeze & a few weeks later he made a decadent chocolate ice with cherries in it. It was very very good.Some holiday flavors include:Passover & Hanukkah:  Chocolate Covered Jelly Ring (amazing)  & CharosetThanksgiving: Pumpkin Cheesecake (fantastic)XMAS: Rainbow Cookie & my all time favorite, Winter Wonderland.A few times a year Evan will make Monkey Junk. Your probably wondering right now...what the hell is Monkey Junk. I will tell you that it is absolutely the best of the best. Evan makes banana ices & then he adds peanut butter & huge chunks of fudgy brownies. I wish he made it more, hint hint.  :)Cecilie's is a small store. You come here for one thing & one thing only, the product. Out of this world Italian Ices. Nothing more, nothing less. Just high quality homemade deliciousness.If your not sure if you will enjoy a flavor, ask for a sample. I am not saying to go there asking for a sample of every flavor because after all your not going to Costco. I never liked peanut butter & two years ago I sampled the Peanut Butter Crunch & now it's my go-to flavor. Evan creates some awesome flavors. Go with an open mind & be ready to be hooked on Cecilie's for a long long time.Prices are ridiculously cheap. I have even suggested to Evan that maybe he should raise his prices. I know your thinking, is she crazy? How often would you suggest to a business owner that they should increase their prices? I would say the average price point is about $3.50 to $4.50 for an individual size. The servings are gigantic. The smallest size is a NY Small & sometimes I cant even finish it.  Pints & quarts are also available & Evan does do events as well. I love supporting local independent businesses. For this reason I prefer to pay with cash. Credit cards are accepted but I feel cash is better for a small independently owned business, especially one with such insanely low prices.Next time you are looking for a sweet treat give Cecilie's a try. Once you do you will never want frozen yogurt or ice cream again. This place totally rocks!
<review# 209,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2014,5/1/2014,117,213,4,17,7>I could see returning here quite frequently following a solid first visit.I was in the neighborhood, and was in the mood for a cheeseburger and beer. My fellow Yelpers had good things to say about this place, which I had bookmarked a week earlier. So, I stopped in, grabbed a seat at the bar, and watched all kinds of sports on the numerous flat-screens.I was attended to very quickly, which I like. I started off with a Tucher, which is one of my favorite German beers, and it was a draught, too, which is hard to find. I tried a host of beers via their four-beer flight package, and finished it off with Funky Buddah Top Gun IPA.I had a simple cheeseburger with fries, which was really good. I always order my burgers medium well, and with everything on the side. The service was very good. Sara attended to me primarily, but there were two other bartenders working hard. Very friendly, and very nice. I was impressed that all of them seemed happy to be there. In my experience, one thing about South Florida is the service is very business-like, and bartenders often work with their heads down. Another pet peeve of mine is when workers talk about the job (or co-workers) to each other, while on the job.I was very impressed with the service here, and at Funky Buddah, Tap 42 and Saltwater in Delray. It seems like they're really focusing on good service (and the customer), which makes these visits all the more enjoyable. Going to tell the co-workers about this place. We used to visit here a lot when it was Biddy Early's. This was our place. It will be again, but with a different name -- Stout.
<review# 210,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2014,4/30/2014,206,12,5,20,12>Falafel Bistro... Where have you been all my life? I can honestly say this is one of my favorite restaurants ever (that's huge coming from such a foodie). Ilan really knows how to create some remarkable dishes that will blow you away. First, lets talk service! This establishment really takes the time out to care for every individual customer. I usually sit at the bar because I love the live action and chatting with my favorite waitress Gisella. The staff is obviously trained very well because they know the menu backwards and forwards and provide awesome service without being so overbearing. One thing that they do which I absolutely love is giving soup samples of each of the three rotating flavors every day (Who doesn't love a good sample?). Now for the best and tastiest part, the food! I can chat about basically the whole menu because iv'e almost eaten it all (I'm not kidding...)I will start with some of their awesome starters. First up, we have the hummus which is absolute perfection. It has the perfect amount of garlic and is served with probably the best pita iv'e ever tasted. Next is the roasted cauliflower which is coated in a sweet and mildly spicy sauce. It's perfect and is a great dish to share with people. It was just recently added to the menu and I'm sure its a huge hit. Now for the best part, the entrées! One of my favorite dishes they offer is the Chicken Schnitzel. The chicken is very crispy and comes with a lemon vinaigrette. I choose the Jasmine rice as my side because the lemon vinaigrette gets mixed in and is just SO good! The next dish is the Greek Flatbread. Its not a crunchy bottom like you would think of, its soft and so much better. Its a roasted version of the pita and is topped with a sun-dried tomato spread and topped with the Greek Salad. I opt out of the Goat cheese and get Feta instead. Its so healthy and extremely tasty, I highly recommend it.The one desert that I really enjoy is the Nutella Flaky Crepe. Layers of crispy crepe intermingled with Nutella and nuts really makes my mouth water. I mean, whats not to love?They offer fresh and delicious juices that are also sure to please. My favorite happens to be called "The Green" which is a mixture of Kale, Apple, Ginger, and I ask for some lemon for an added punch. Its healthy, delicious, and could almost be a meal all by itself (almost....)This restaurant is like the hidden gem of this area, or at least used to be. The awesome food matched with the attentive service creates a great experience and is sure to please the palates of everyone.
<review# 211,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2014,4/29/2014,243,193,3,12,11>Cute little burger joint in a not-so-busy plaza in Davie. The inner decor reminds me of a frozen yogurt place though. Really bright neon colors everywhere. But it does make it look more family friendly.Their burger sizes here are ridiculously huge. I mean, I can scarf down a 1/2 pound burger with all the fixings, and I struggled with this one. Lots of meat, lots of toppings if you so choose to add them, and the bun didn't fall apart nor was it too bread-y. They have a good number of specialty type burgers that range from $6-8. I ordered their "Kaliente Burger" cooked medium and it was delicious. Super juicy, great helping of jalapeños, and their spicy mayo/aioli was a great edition. Also, they have a selection of beers to choose from, but nothing on tap unfortunately. I haven't ordered any of their sides yet because they had this Yelp check-in special going on when I visited. If you check-in and show them, they'll give you a free side of their home-made potato chips. You can choose a topping and I chose to get the Cajun spice. They gave me a enormous serving, practically filled up one of those square styrofoam containers you get when you order something to go. The chips were cooked pretty well. Nice and crispy, but still had that potato-ness to them.I'll have to come back a few more times. Actually, I will come back a few more times considering they're so close to school and I always crave burgers when I study. That sounds like a beautiful disaster, but I'll take it. LOL
<review# 212,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2014,4/28/2014,22,48,6,11,9>Lou's Giant Subs & Deli is a sub shop located south on Dixie highway off Copans Road. I've had the pleasure of eating lunch here a couple times.Lou's seems to know a little bit about advertising and making sure people know the place is there. The eatery has a large, yellow pole sign prominently displayed outside on the road. It's easy to locate and not hard to find (plus, iPhones? Duh). Secondly, there is ample parking and I've never had a problem parking my large service van during lunch hours.Lou's also has something that is close to my heart: a classic deli aroma. When you walk in your nostrils are filled with that meaty/vinegary whiff in the air that brings you back to the first time you entered a sub shop as a kid. It never gets old. Maybe if I win the lottery I will create a cologne with the same scent. To divert from the nose, I love the atmosphere of Lou's. There's pictures of the owner and his friends and family, pictures of sports fishing tacked on every available space on the wall, as well as a large hood of an old Nascar racecar. To have an owner share his own personal recreations and pleasures to customers is the definition of a time-honored deli. Even the old, red plastic menus above the counter with the slide-in white lettering make me overwhelmed with nostalgia every time. Of the both times I had visited I did not have a problem with slow service; the food came out quickly and I was rung up in an appropriate manner.The subs are delicious and well prepared, to be succinct. The last time I went I had a traditional Italian sub, with mayo. The bread is not a hard Italian roll, for the elitists, but it was good nonetheless. The meat was of good quality and the lettuce was crisp. The subs are stuffed and plentiful. Served up with a bag of Voodoo chips and birch beer? You can't beat it. Yet, the sandwich was not my favorite part. Lou's also serves arguably the most divine brownie squares you will find at a deli period. I got a caramel fudge brownie with a graham cracker bottom that was similar to an orgasm in experience. Well, maybe not as good....maybe I was just a little hungry...All in all, Lou's is a place where the every man is catered to, a place where blue collar guy's who've been eating there for years can mingle with yuppie Yelpers who are looking for that perfect hole-in-the-wall to escape the corporate maze. It's a great spot to go to no matter who you are, jokes aside,  just be sure to check it out.
<review# 213,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2014,4/27/2014,551,604,5,10,7>I'm having hunger pains at the mere thought of writing this review.I was craving a burrito and yelped this place and decided to come because of the high reviews. Being a pescatarian, I couldn't decide on ordering the wet shrimp burrito or the wet fish burrito. I ultimately chose the shrimp burrito with green enchilada sauce and it was muy heavenly. The shrimp was cooked perfectly with the tales the cut off and was super spicy. I appreciate that you can substitute anything on the menu and have anything made the way you want it. For instance, I could have any menu item consisting of pork or beef and substitute it with a creature of the sea. The food was very delicious and although I'm going to Mexico in June I believe that this is as close as it gets in Coral Springs. The burrito was a generous size and was absolutely worth every bite. SN: The owner is so sweet and cute. I wish she was my abuela.
<review# 214,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2013,4/26/2014,87,128,4,10,7>American Coffee Shop is the best kept secret in the neighborhood.  This is a tiny diner-style place where coffee is hot and flowing and service is A+.  We stopped by one Saturday morning after doing a quick yelp search on my phone.  This type of find is why I joined yelp in the first place.  No frills, down to earth food that I would've never discovered had it not been for Yelp.  Hiding in a little strip mall, wedged between a barber shop and a convenience store is the American Coffee Shop.  The place was mostly full of 'regulars', which the servers knew by name and asked for the "usual".  Eggs in whichever way you want prepared and a few griddle (aka waffles/pancakes) selections.  What I loved the most about this place was the service. Our waitress was very sweet and attentive. And before we left the manager (?) stopped by and introduced himself. He asked for our names and how we found out about his place. He was very excited to hear he had good reviews online.  He made us feel very welcome... and we will definitely be going back.
<review# 215,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2014,4/25/2014,20,128,4,8,6>We were told about this place from a few of my parents friends so we decided to check it out considering we love tacos and that's the name of the place so it makes sense...We got there on a Saturday night and the place was pretty full so we had to wait about 20-30 mins for a table and as we are waiting more and more people came by so this place might need to find a bigger place because its tiny and it seems to be pretty popular.We were seated and greeted right away we ordered some chips and salsa and coronas. When we got the chips and salsa we asked her which one of the salsas wasn't spicy and she said they all were and she was not lying. The salsa is great and has a lot of flavor but if you don't like spicy food like us this is not the salsa for you. We commented this to the waitress and she brought us a sample of the cheese fondue they have and we were not impressed it tasted like it just came out of a can and a bad one at that.... So we then ordered the tacos and I got the Chicken Tinga Tacos (Shredded chicken breast in tomato chipotle sauce), my mom got the Carne Asada Tacos (One pound of churrasco Steak) and I cannot remember what kind of tacos my dad got.The food took a lot longer than we expected I felt like we waited over 45mins for our meal but we were having a good time so its not a problems but it might be the reason why there's a wait....All of our tacos were delicious, they were simple but flavorful which to me is very important. They put all the flavor on their meat and then add a small garnish to bring it all together for a great flavor.We will definitely be back and this place is worth the wait if you love tacos :)
<review# 216,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2013,4/24/2014,381,162,7,11,8>I wish I could give them a 6th star! Kristof's Kafe is most certainly a hidden gem of Broward. Quietly located off of Pine Island and SR84, It's right next to the Publix, so be on the look out. It's pretty small and it was packed. I came on a Sunday afternoon right before they closed at 3PM and we were seated almost immediately. The service is average, nothing to brag or complain about. Our waitress seemed a little preoccupied with other customers. We ordered the macaroni and cheese bites as an appetizer and they were insanely delicious. It came with marinara sauce and it was so cheesy and fried I absolutely loved it and WILL be getting it again. It was lunch time so I ordered a club sandwich and it was HUGE! I couldn't finish my portion but the bacon was so crisp and it was succulent! My mother ordered the crispy chicken salad with honey mustard and I had a bite, the dressing was homemade and it was great. The portions are generous, I took my club sandwich home (leftovers for lunch). Kristof's Kafe is a MUST try. The breakfast portions looked pretty big too. I need to try to stuffed french toast next time I come. The pictures are making my mouth water. will definitely be coming back to Kristof's and absolutely recommend to anyone who wants to experience a quaint dining experience.
<review# 217,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2014,4/23/2014,632,223,15,25,22>Jaxsons.   You confectionery ROCK GOD, you!  ::Pointing finger::   I will stand outside in the hour long  line lined up against  your storefront windows front in the freezing cold just to have the opportunity to be warmed by your tantalizing gooey hot fudge of which I always order and extra serving.   For more years than I can remember I have been listening to the vagabond street performer playing oldies music on a keyboard (I always wonder if he is paid by Jaxson's, as he seems to be a permanent fixture)- and for good measure a more recent addition for the waiting patrons: some glow in the dark spinning toys are now on sale as well.  You can forgo the line and opt to go up to the ice cream window for take-out or to eat your cone in the parking lot, but to me, to get the full Jaxon's experience you must dine in!  Sometimes I hop the line, leaving the hubs to wait, and travel back in time with the expired license plates from around the country, arcade fortune teller, candy dots on paper, root beer candies, and other sugary delights from an earlier time.   When you finally arrive at the head of the line  (frozen or sweating depending on the season)  it feels like VICTORY because you know what is in store for you.  The host will seat you in one of their tiny chairs with hearts or a booth if you're lucky, sometimes you'll be seated with perfect strangers - though if this makes you uncomfortable tell them ahead of time and you can wait for more private seating- And then the adventure begins.  You will first be offered ice water in a very large cup.  Then a serving of not so great, possibly stale very salty popcorn will arrive- and while it might be tempting, and you may feel as though your order is taking a bit longer than expected- hold off, and save all the room for the ice cream!  Though the sundaes are big enough for two- I will never share.  I try to get a different combination of ice cream every time.  I sit and wait, and then indulge!  There is not much more to say than this ice cream is purely indulgent.  The serving is HUGE- I usually end up taking part of it home- so that I can relive the experience :)  There are much bigger selections on the menu, like the kitchen sink!~  It has been a long time since I have seen anyone order one of these, but you need a certain group of people that are willing to share ice cream together- which many people do not like that.  They don't take reservations in general, but they do take party reservations so that you can have all your friends enjoy the creamy goodness of hand made ice cream all together!
<review# 218,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2014,4/22/2014,361,78,2,12,8>Great food, great atmosphere, live entertainment and dancing.  One drawback is that it is small.  There are only 4 tables for 2.  So if you are a party of 2 you have 2 choices for a table; either sit in the middle of the bar area with people standing around you.  I literally would've had an anxiety attack with all those people standing over me while eating! The other choice is the hallway, either in front of the kitchen or more towards the back, which was way too claustrophobic for me.  So we ate in front of the kitchen!  But the food was so good, the servers were so nice, I would still recommend it and still go back. We ordered the escargot, but instead of served in the shell in garlic butter, which is how I have always had them before, they were in a reddish-brown sauce with chopped mushrooms and tomatoes.  They were amazing!!The clams casino, which I didn't really care for-they tasted too fishy for me.New England clam chowder, very good!And twin 1 pound lobsters.  They were the best I have had in awhile.  Although they were a little on the dry side-I asked the waitress about the preparation, she told me they were steamed.  I think I'm used to having them boiled, which might account for the dryness.All in all a very good meal.  Add 2 martinis and 2 glasses of wine, bill came in around $110 which is very reasonable for all the items that we ordered.
<review# 219,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2014,4/21/2014,62,56,3,12,6>This place is amazing!  I haven't had REAL good ice cream in a very long time. They just opened up Monday so it's always nice to support the local businesses in town. The staff is awesome and friendly. They will let you try as many of the ice creams as you want. I tried the Hot Mexican Chocolate which has a kick of cayenne pepper ( who would have thought!) But it was a nice twist to it, not spicy at all. I also tried the Garbage Can ice cream which is 7 different types of candy bars mixed in ice cream.....heaven!!! That was my final choice. I had to stop there.  I ordered it on a waffle cone for abt 5-6.00. They also make fresh waffle cones to order...Holy moly! That is a must get.  It's so soft and fresh it literally melts the ice cream in your mouth. The owners are the best. They took the time to talk to us, introduce themselves.   Very friendly and outgoing! They even give free ice cream on your bday!!! Everyone should definitely come out and support. Go and satisfy that sweet tooth as I know I'll be back soon.
<review# 220,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2014,4/20/2014,269,374,7,13,9>Finally got to check this place out! We said we wanted charcoal grill, so we sit down and note that there is a vent right above the grill area. Hopefully, that reduces the chance of the Korean food smell sticking to your entire outfit.The menu for grill at the table is actually broken down into two. Turns out the choice I want is not for this charcoal table, so we have to move to a regular table. I immediately feel a pang of disappointment thinking, "aww, we won't get to cook our own food?!" Oops, we will. They bring out a portable stove-top for us. Yay.The food itself is delicious. I had the chadolbaegi aka grilled beef brisket. Love it, probably because of the sesame oil + salt + pepper sauce that accompanies it. When eating Korean, the large number of sides are a given. It's always interesting to taste everything and decide what's good and what's not.The only thing I didn't like is that it's not all you can eat. I'd rather go to another Korean BBQ restaurant and pay a few dollars more for all I can eat.
<review# 221,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2013,4/19/2014,292,387,23,24,22>Do you have any idea what's better than a 35 dollar plate of Tartufo Pasta with a 200 dollar bottle of wine?The first thing that comes to mind is a 35 dollar plate of Tartufo Pasta with a 200 dollar bottle of wine "with someone else paying"... but we all know that isn't always possible.And sometimes I just want to sit back like I'm at home, pop open a cold brew and eat something with my hands... I just summed up Riverside Market CafeWho needs to be stuck in a place that caters to one segment (like hipster bars, biker bars, frat boy bars)... I love that Riverside Market's clientele are are from all walks of life.  You'll find the hipsters, the bikers, and the frat boys but you'll also find that older "creepy" guy that hits on all the younger girls and you'll find everyday guys and girls that don't associate with one group or another... It's a place for everyone (even the creepy dude).Riverside is in the middle of a residential community, far from the over-hyped and over-priced watering holes... already giving it a HOME LIKE FEEL...What was once a convenience store is now converted to "Beer Mecca"... Inside you'll find refrigerators lining one wall where you HELP YOURSELF;  that's right, pick your poison, pop the top and find a seat (it's all on the honor system).  And they do offer a bunch of drafts as well.And the seating is like home... couches, large cushion chairs and bar stools at high tops for small and large groups... come as you are (it don't mater if you are wearing your workout gear or your best threads on the way home from work); just come.Once you're seated you can order food from one of the girls working the room AND no pressure to order food... sitting at tables for extended periods of time just to drink only is perfectly fine.  The place has the feel of a bar and cafe rolled into one (and that is exactly what Riverside is).As far as food goes... first thought is "why get food at a beer joint", but that was before I realized the cafe importance here.  After seeing so many people scarfing down huge sandwiches, wraps, hummus platters and pizza's, I finally jumped on board and so far everything has been bang-4-the-buck worthy.  My go to has been (and still is) the Fish Tacos (3 for 10 bucks).  Pizza is great here too (thin crust and unique texture, kinda soft under cooked dough) and I'm planning on trying their omelets soon (oven cooked so they take a little time to bake).My only gripe is the pricing... food wise, the pricing is very fair and beer that is being consumed on the premises is usually fair too.  I was told taking bottles "to-go" is discounted but on two different visits I got the price of a bottle to drink here but when I went to buy them later "to-go" they wanted to charge me the same price.Rather than dwell on it, I've moved on and enjoyed what I do love here... help yourself service, comfortable atmosphere, good food and always a good time.As of today (December 4, 2013) I changed Riverside to 5 Star... I still don't buy "to-go" bottles here but it has become my "reliable" "GO-TO" place for a good time... Riverside Market's laid back and chill atmosphere is top notch
<review# 222,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2013,4/18/2014,59,77,4,10,10>My best friend took me here as a birthday present surprise. I had no idea what to expect, since i literally cannot draw a stick figure and make it look decent! I've never been artistic, and i cannot even make any type of art... Or so i thought! The step by step process here is unique, hands-on, and very helpful. I was able to paint something i wasnt embarrassed of! The teacher, a young gentleman from ny/nj, was so sweet and very helpful. He was able to teach simple techniques to a paint-challenged person like myself. It's also byob here, which is neat. What's better than a cocktail or two while painting!? They also encourage you bring food/snacks. It's a little awkward trying to eat here though. They do provide plates, napkins, wine glasses and openers, as well as bottled water and ice buckets should your beverage need to be kept iced. I talk about this place all of the time, and tell everyone how great it is. I can't wait to come back for my next painting experience!
<review# 223,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2014,4/17/2014,193,173,9,15,9>I am not an arts and crafts type person.  This is probably because I have no aptitude for such pursuits.  I took a jewelry class once and the instructor tried his best to help me accomplish the goal of completing even one piece of jewelry but he did so through gritted teeth.  I can't draw a straight line.  This doesn't bother me at all.  Nobody is good at everything.When my sister decided to come visit with her kids, she was looking for things to do.  She likes to do crafts.  She's not so good either, but maybe better than me.  At least she takes an interest.  So when I found out about Fused in Glass I said let's do this.  Even my husband agreed to participate.Mike, the owner and instructor, was key in making our experience a good one.  First, he gave us some instruction on how to cut glass.  It wasn't that hard, but it wasn't that easy either.  I looked around at the walls with beautiful glass plates and other works of art and became wistful.  I'm not one to have lots of tchotchkes in my home but in the case of what I saw in the studio that day I'd probably make an exception for a piece or two, they were so pretty and unlike anything I'd ever seen before.  Next, we got to pick out glass and cut the pieces to make a plate.  We were told to make any kind of design we liked.  I became frustrated.  Because I have no vision.  I love art - love going to museums, galleries, you name it - but I have no vision when it comes to creating a visual work of art myself.  Ask me to draw a picture of someone and I'll give you a very poor rendition of a stick figure.  A first grader can draw better than I can.  So I decided to cut out pieces to make a flower, and it actually did kind of look like something a first grader would do but I left feeling good because I finished my project and am now waiting for it to be fired and fused into a plate that I can display in my home.  I'd love to take some more advanced classes but am doubtful I could do it.  Still, it was a great experience, we all had lots of fun, and it's a great place to go as a group. And even if you aren't artistic, it doesn't really matter - you can make something abstract. A great addition to Boynton Beach.
<review# 224,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2014,4/16/2014,90,118,2,13,6>My boyfriend and I celebrated Valentines Day here after a friend suggested this place, and we are SO happy we listened to him.We parked in the parking garage (free parking) and walked in to a beautiful restaurant with a slight industrial feel. The ambiance was fantastic, and we were more than happy to wait at the bar and have a drink until a table was ready.I ordered the Breakfast at Tiffanys, which was delicious! I am not a big drinker, but it was the perfect combination of sweet and spicy. My boyfriend had the Dutch Bramber (probably spelled wrong), but his drink was awesome too!After a bit of a wait, we were seated. Our waitress was very sweet and attentive. We started with the mild garlic wings, and were in heaven as we devoured them. Next, we enjoyed the Sliders... again, out of this world!We split the skirt steak and the lobster mac n cheese. The steak was cooked to perfection, and the sauce served with it was so wonderful. The mashed potatoes were creamy and dreamy, just as they should be. The lobster mac and cheese had huge pieces of lobster. The noodles were nice and thick, and the cheese sauce was the perfect texture- not too watery and not too thick.We cleaned every single plate and left the restaurant with huge smiles and a full belly!I must note... since it was Valentines day... I was given a rose at the end of the meal. It was a simple, but very sweet, touch, and I greatly appreciated that.No doubt- we will be back
<review# 225,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2013,4/15/2014,181,103,6,10,8>I have a love/hate relationship with my eyebrows. There are days where I think I should cut them off and start over but then I don't want to be THAT girl walking around looking surprised all the time. I saw some reviews about Brow Boutique and decided to give them a shot. They couldn't mess my eyebrows up any worse than they are now so why not? Located near the Miramar Town Center off of Hiatus Road and Red Road, this cute little salon is quite the gem with a very stylish décor that represents what they stand for: beauty & class! I love it! Paris is my go-to eyebrow magician. He has been tediously working on my eyebrows for a while now and I can honestly say that they are starting to come together quite nicely. Each time I go in, he reassures me that it will take some time but with a little patience and his expertise, I'll have banging brows in no time! Their hours of operation are great and you can book appointments online as well. They also offer facials as well. I've never had one there but if it's anything like the service I receive with my eyebrows, it's sure to be great! I can't vouch for any of the other technicians but Paris is awesome! A plus is that most of the technicians there are makeup artists so they really understand the importance of having great brows so they really know what they're doing. The salon is cute and clean and you feel like you've stepped into a salon in Beverly Hills rather than one in Miramar. The prices are very affordable where an eyebrow wax is $10 and the upgraded one, called the Brow Makeover, is only $25 & includes the shaping and tinting of the brows. I recommend getting that one when you have an event where you really want your brows to pop! Give them a try!
<review# 226,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/1/2013,4/14/2014,144,176,5,11,8>So I'm just beginning to realize Ft Lauderdale isn't a city that lacks food diversity.It's been almost 5 months since I've moved from LA, and I miss LA food dearly. But when my girlfriend found this place via yelp, I was more than stoked.We made a reservation for 4 at 9pm but got seated at 930pm. We had a movie to catch at 1030 but being seated at 930pm was definitely not going to make due. Luckily, the movie theater said we could change our ticket times. PHEW.Anyway it took a while for the chef to come and cook for the audience. He was funny and charismatic as any hibachi chef should be. The show would have been much more fun if our group was into but we were too into catching up with each other.All four ordered chicken and steak for $20.95/pp. I would have to say that the quality of the meats were pretty good. The fried rice was a little bit too salty for me but hey i think it might be perfect amount of salt for the majority of America.GET THE YUM YUM SAUCE. It's the cream based sauce which we all just asked two of to dip our meats and mix our rices with.I had fun. It reminded me of home, not at the fact that it was hibachi but that there was a choice for types of food with experience. I'd come back with friends with no movie reservations afterward.So much food = leftovers for lunch and dinner. WIN
<review# 227,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2014,4/13/2014,299,320,4,8,6>These ladies know what they are doing! Everything is made fresh and cooked to order, so it does take a bit to get the food but its worth the wait.  It's inexpensive for the quality and taste.  The ladies are super friendly and welcoming.  As soon as I walked in they happily greeted me and asked if it was my first time visiting, it was actually my second but I still had a few questions which they happily helped me with. There was nice Spanish music playing, the restaurant is small, it has few tables and booths, its comfortable and very clean.What I've tried so far:- The sweet tamale with cream - awesome- Taco Al Pastor and steak taco served with fresh lime and a super spicy green sauce - Delicious! So fresh and authentic- Chips and Guac - YUM!, freshly made and so delicious- Pupusas with cheese and Loroco served with a mild tomato sauce - This is an arepa style tortilla with cheese or whatever else you want to add (meat, beans).  The nice lady informed me that Loroco is a green flower/plant native to El Salvador and she suggested I get it because it adds flavor to the Pupusa,  I wanted to like it, but it wasn't for me, I would try the Pupusa again with out the Loroco.Café con Leche - PerfectThey also offer different daily specials, I will definitely return to try some of the specials and lunch/dinner options.
<review# 228,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2014,4/12/2014,351,235,12,23,17>I ended up at Lake Ida Dog Park on a beautiful Sunday afternoon on my never ending search for the perfect dog park!  It's only about 10-15min from my house which is a bonus.  After reading several Yelp reviews I knew we had to come and check it out.  The park is very big and you have to drive to the end to get to the "dog park" part of the park.   I decided to just park close to the front and walk to give us both some extra exercise and to check out the lake.  My dog loves the water and we saw tons of people swimming and enjoying boats and wave runners.  As we got closer my pup decided that she would much rather play in the water with everyone else and skip the dog park completely LOL!  When we did get to the dog park area to my surprise it was HUGE!  Much bigger than most dog parks as far as room to run around and there is plenty of shade.  There were a lot of dogs there but it never seemed crowded.  Everyone picked up after their dogs which is a very good sign.  I know we will be back very soon!There is a lot to do here and it seems like a great place to picnic or enjoy water sports if you have the toys to do so!
<review# 229,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/24/2013,4/11/2014,251,189,4,13,8>I love The Office's happy hour.  I really, really do.  I continuously come here to take advantage of it.  It runs ALL week (weekends too, woooo!) and is from 3-7pm and then again from 10pm-close.  Yes!  Late night happy hour every day on the Ave!  You're welcome.They have a happy hour bar bites menu, as well as half off all drinks.  This makes the insanely delicious "water cooler" martini (good on you for keeping your theme throughout, The Office) $7 for me to enjoy.  Gin + cucumber + dill in my glass makes me a really happy girl.  The water cooler is at the top of my favorite drinks list for sure.The Office has a great spot on the Ave - on the corner with Pineapple Grove, it is great for people watching.  My girlfriends and I come here pretty often to enjoy some adult beverages, great tasting grub, and the bustle of downtown Delray.I have tried most of what is on the happy hour menu.  My suggestions:  deviled eggs (HUGE and covered in truffle oil amazingness), mac n cheese, truffle fries, and the soft pork tacos.  This just made me realize I have yet to try their fried green tomatoes - I will have to get on that.I have come here for dinner a few times, as well.  It is pricey, but the food is really good.  The staff can be hit or miss.  This goes for both bartenders and waiters.  Sometimes they are really awesome and engaging, sometimes you feel like you are a nuisance for being there.  This is why I can't give them 5 stars.  If all staff were on top of their game and made you feel  like a valued customer (as they should - this place is not cheap!), it would be incredible.
<review# 230,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/13/2013,4/10/2014,233,409,6,6,4>We happened to be in the area and found The Reef through Yelp.  I do not think we would have ever been here otherwise as it is located in the triangle between I-95, the 595, and Marina boulevard.Maybe it is similar to the Bermuda Triangle as this place feels like Bizzaro world as soon as you walk in.  First - although the Reef is connected to a hotel, it is a full-blown dive sports bar.  Every booth even has its own TV so you can watch the game of your choosing.The crowd here is VERY ecclectic.  You have die-hard football fans here on a Sunday screaming at every play in full regalia.  We saw Ravens, Eagles, Redskins, and Jets fans here cheering on their teams.  On the other end of the spectrum you have full blown alchies sitting at the bar ignoring the chaos while sipping on their drinks.  In addition to that there are obvious hotel guests looking very out of place.  Very strange group indeed.I think the strangest thing about this bar in the middle of limbo is the food is actually pretty good.  The wings were hot and meaty, and the philly cheese wasn't bad (a little steak-um-y but tasty).  The most surprising thing here was the delicious chili.  I was pretty taken aback at how tasty (and out of place) it was.  Lo and behold, the waitress told me that the chef makes it personally from an old family recipe.It's definitely worth coming here for the Chili as it is delicious.  Otherwise I can't really think of another reason I'll be back to the Triangle....
<review# 231,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2014,4/9/2014,48,93,5,10,5>While driving I noticed this big sign that read "Roti Shop" and immediately pulled over. Almost too dangerously for others around. But nothing of that sort to make someone step out of their car and beat the daylights out.. but more subtle and acceptable norm like obscene use of fingers.  They were open on a nice and sunny afternoon and that was big deal by itself. The reason being most of them Caribbean Restaurants are family owned and almost everyone in the family lends a helping hand. If nothing else, the store maybe named after someone in the family like it seems in case of Ali's. I know I was in for just the appetizers but them Roti wouldn't be that bad either. Before that, the parking in that small little strip mall is a mess. Fortunately, there is a sign that reads something like - these is more parking in the back.! If I had to part the damn car on the main street while I get myself some Aloo Pie, I could care less. But for the sake of public safety and I proceed to follow those clues and so the car is nicely parked in the "back". The walk to the store is not that bad. Gives you a chance to reflect on your life and think about all the atrocious cuts you've made to get to that place. That is if you are quick and don't get overwhelmed by loud music playing at some of the Spanish restaurants nearby. Inside its nice and roomy, a couple of  bar stools almost hugging the side walls. The menu is staring at you as you enter or maybe the other way around for some folks depending on your sun-signs. I was told that they follow a different menu on Sundays -reminiscing the food the islanders have on Sundays in Trinidad and Tobago - and that Rotis are only available from Tue-Sat. So I wend back to plan A - got Aloo Pie, Doubles, and Shaheena. The Doubles, as advertised on the store fronts are only a buck. Its not a lie, they were actually for a dollar only.  The Shaheenas are spinach and chick pea dumplings. Never had them so good. They slice the Shaheena open and drop some tamarind and pepper sauce and they will be happy to accommodate the level of hotness. I am a chicken and cannot handle too much spice so specifically asked for a couple of drop of the hot sauce. The also added the cucumber dressing in that Shaheena. It was amazing. So many flavors just burst out. The doubles were very good. Fresh and tasty. The Aloo pie was a little off. The pie was and the Aloo stuffings were both cold. Meh!! I like them served hot. But the taste was good and they made all that right in front of me which was appetizing too. The prices are right and I would have paid more.  Had a nice chat with the owners. All of them were super nice. Will be back when in that area. Definitely worth a try.
<review# 232,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2014,4/8/2014,837,552,12,20,18>At the risk of being called a nerd or a geek by some...  I love this Festival!I've been going regularly for years now and it never gets old.  It is one of my happy places.  It's even become an "annual tradition" for some friends and I, who also make this event so much fun to go to.The Ren-Fest transports you, not to a different era but, to a whole different world, where everyone is happy to see you, they're joyful, and entertain you with funny shows, where you are guaranteed to laugh.  There's pirates, there's wenches, fairies, pixie dust, wings, world travelers, and so much more.  Pick a weekend and you can be any one of those, if you chose to dress up.  I started doing this last year and the fest became a whole new experience to me.When you dress up, it's like you're part of their world.  They're always nice there but, now they appreciate the effort you put into it and your excitement to be there.  Patrons also get excited to see you and some even ask to take pictures with you, giving you the opportunity to meet new people.There's duels, tight rope walkers, fire eaters, washing well wenches, a mud show, jousting tournaments, all these to be enjoyed by everyone at the fair.  If you want a more interactive experience, sit up front and maybe you'll be picked to be part of their show.  There's also giant chess boards, knife throwing, and bow and arrow games, a "spooky" maze, you can throw tomatoes at one of the fest characters, they even have big bubbles to "walk on water" on the lake, and this year they added zip lining.  There is something for everyone!I personally enjoy the shows, and love seeing all the vendors, like the wing maker, with beautiful handmade wings in every size and color (one of my favorites there); the moon necklaces, where they show you what moon you were born under and what it means, with a glow in the dark moon charm; all the swords (some showing really nice craftsmanship), knives, and beautiful big dresses with amazing corsets, kilts, leather...  the list goes on and on.  Oh, and the music...  Last year there was a guy playing bells that were enchanting.Of course there's food like the traditional turkey leg (imagine a strong man in a kilt eating this...  makes you feel like you're back in time), gyros, funnel cakes, ribbon fries (these are addictive), and to wash it all down, cider, beer, mead, and some other drinks.  Have a yard or a regular glass, who cares but, this also will make the fest better and more realistic (hey, wine was thought to be good for health, and Beer and ales were very popular drinks during that era), plus all that walking and laughing works up a thirst  ;)If for nothing else, it's a great place to people watch...  See the creativity everyone has in their costumes, makeup, etc. To some, this might be all weird and eccentric but, to me it's fun, creative, whimsical, playful,  and full of great imagination.   Go, step back in time, and leave the "real world" behind, let the fairies show you the way, and enjoy your day at the Ren-Fest.
<review# 233,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2013,4/7/2014,35,128,6,11,8>I moved up here to Palm Beach County nearly 10 years ago for the job that I still currently do.  For that entire period of time, I've been familiar with the Mexican restaurant in Lake Worth called Tacos al Carbon, but only as a landmark. I've driven past it at least a thousand times on the way to one of my accounts, but was always apprehensive about giving them a try.  I've seen the write ups in the Palm Beach Post over the years, with readers picking it as their favorite, but there was something sketchy about the place that always won out, and kept me driving right past it without a second thought.  Today that changed.Earlier in the week, I had made a new friend on Yelp! who had sent me a poke regarding one of my pictures from Halloween.  I checked out a few of her reviews on places we had both eaten, and it looked like our tastes were similar.  After swapping friend requests, I read a few more of her reviews, I came across her missive from over a year ago, singing the praises of Tacos al Carbon.  She is really over the moon for their food and imported sodas, and mentioned the frequency with which she dined there.  OK, I had to get past the exterior  apprearance, suck it up, and give their food a try.Walking into the place shocked me a little bit, I must admit.  About 6 months ago, on a visit to Naples, Florida, I hunted down a place called Taqueria San Julian on the recommendation of a friend.  The dining room of Tacos al Carbon was very similar in layout, color scheme, and just the overall vibe.  If you've read that review of mine, you also know that my experience there was most decidedly bad, so I started to worry that I had made a big mistake.  I sat down, and the waitress came over immediately with a menu, and asked for my beverage preference.  Although the rainbow of sugary sodas in the coolers on either side of the room were tempting, I stuck with my mainstay, iced tea.  Before I really dived into the menu, she also informed me that tacos were only $1 each on Wednesdays and this new information really made the menu irrelevant anymore -- at least for this visit.  I ordered 2 with ground beef, and 2 with chicken, all four with everything.  She brought them out in about 3 minutes, along with two bottles of green salsa -- one mild and one hot.  I doctored up one of the chicken tacos with some hot salsa and took a bite.  It was good, but not great.  Exactly as my new Yelp! friend had indicated in her review, the chicken in their tacos is a little on the dry side, and she recommended squeezing the limes they garnished the entree with directly on the chicken.  The second bite was much better than the first, and I enjoyed it so much, I think bites 3 and 4 finished off the taco.  I tried the ground beef taco next, and it was absolutely wonderful.  The spices they prepared the beef with just came alive in my mouth.  I kind of wished I had ordered 4 beef tacos, and consoled myself with telling my stomach that I would order two more when I finished these four.  Truth of the matter is that by the time I had finished #4, I was quite full, and getting any more would have just been forcing it down.  I paid my check (all of $6) and left about 15 minutes after I had arrived -- a really fast lunch.I feel ridiculous for avoiding this place for so long.  Thank you new Yelp! pal Rebecca S., for pushing me out of the plane.  I'll eventually make it to the rest of their menu, but I think for the immediate future, all my visits will be on Wednesdays ..........
<review# 234,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2014,4/6/2014,319,136,8,12,8>Can you imagine a tourist destination in Davie?  Well besides being a reasonable local family BBQ joint, Jimmy Riffle's Old FL BBQ has turned into a mecca for out of towners looking for Gator Boys memorabilia or even a sighting of the Gator Boy himself.  The place is often packed! (Tip:  we have often seen Jimmy at the Shell station a little south on University)I am happy to say that this is not just a tourist trap; along with their t-shirts, toy gators, and photos, these tourists (and the locals) can at least also get some tasty BBQ.   Not a huge BBQ fan, but I do like their pulled chicken ($10.49/platter) which is my go to entree. The huge portion is moist, with a bit of a smoky flavor. It does not come with sauce on it which I like, because then I can choose or mix the four BBQ sauces available.   10 year old had the pulled pork ($7.99/sandwich combo  with side & drink) which is served in a similar style. Husband had the "Ultimate Combo":  chicken, pork, & 2 St. Louis Ribs ($12.99/platter). He loved the pork and ribs (2 ribs is a very small portion though!). 9 year old had the Chicken & Rib Combo. Again, he loved the ribs. I tasted the white meat chicken on the bone in 9 year old's entree:  pretty dry & not much flavor. Honestly, I have had so much dry grilled chicken in restaurants it makes me realize how difficult it must be to make moist & tasty grilled chicken.   Honestly, Boston Market & certainly Costco chicken beats a lot of the grilled chicken I have tasted out recently and that is sad. All platters come with 2 sides & garlic bread or corn bread.  Both breads are yummy with the cornbread being so sweet it is much more like a dessert. I  would not recommend the green beans unless you like yours very soft & soggy. Baked beans were nice and sweet with chunks of pork in it (definitely not vegan!)  Cole slaw tasted crisp & fresh.  9 year old enjoyed his Mac & Cheese - creamy & cheesy.    My plain baked potato was fine.  A nice healthy option is also the sweet potato, and you can add more fat & calories if you wish with their cinnamon butter!Sometimes, as a healthier option I get a garden salad as one of my sides,  There is also a salad bar available.   It is $8.29 solo but $4.29 in addition to an entree.   It is not usually necessary with an entree as the entrees & sides are so filling, but if one is ravenous, the salad bar has the usual salad fixings plus tuna salad, pasta salad, etc. We have been to Jimmy Riffle's several times. The service is always very friendly and fast. Last night it was pretty busy but we got seated right away in one of their roomy booths.  Jimmy's partner, an affable guy in a cowboy hat stopped by our table and others to chat and make sure everything was okay.  Great customer service!We have several BBQ places in Davie and the surrounding area, but would recommend Jimmy Riffle's for a fast, family friendly, fairly tasty, & economical meal.
<review# 235,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2013,4/5/2014,365,367,3,12,9>Best place to buy your produce if your nearby.  The people who work here have such a great attitude I'm always amazed.I buy farm fresh Jumbo eggs for a great price, organic produce that costs the same or Less than regular produce at Publix!  Um grapefruit 2 for 1$.. YESS I also get the Free Range, antibiotic -free, Hormone-free chicken Breast for get this 2.99$/lb! They have many fresh herbs, organic mushrooms, organic Garlic, bean sprouts, great variety  and great quality they last weeks in my fridge!The Brothers Farmers market has 2 locations, and they do it right.  They have a fresh Juice bar and make smoothies. Also a deli section with ready made sausage and peppers smells divine, and seasame crusted tuna steaks for your meals among other choices of a heathy bite.You can find specialty products like fresh Dates, coconut, Halava, Kale Chips, so on. There's also frsh cut flowers to spruce up your place.I keep finding new items the more time I spend at Brothers and the more visits I make.Totally will be back again and again.....
<review# 236,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2014,4/4/2014,306,475,10,15,13>I was excited to try a burger from Rok. There was a fair amount of hype in regard to the burgers. The menu has a variety of gourmet style burgers everything from the classics to the more adventurous combinations.On our first visit the bf got the King James and I ordered the Peggy. The King James has brie cheese, pork belly and truffle aioli (just a few of my favorite things!). The Peggy has cheddar cheese, braised short rib and BBQ sauce. First off, these burgers are larger than the average person's mouth. So the first thing you'll need to do is form a strategy to eat the burger whether that may be 1) the squish method: you'll probably need to squish a few inches off or 2) resort to your knife and fork.  I usually order my burgers medium rare. The meat was cooked nicely and was juicy. (Big pet peeve: Dry, overcooked burger meat--blech!) We both liked the King James better. In my peggy, the combination of the braised short rib plus the burger patty was just meat on meat and the flavors got lost. The King James, though, was a nice balance of flavors that you could distinctly taste. On a second visit, I ordered the Yelp (aka cowboy burger) and the bf chose the bacon jam. The Yelp seemed to have the same problem as the Peggy. The Yelp came with cole slaw, pulled pork, and fried onions,  It's a bit of an overload of everything that altogether loses the essence of the burger. The bacon jam, however, was great! Funny how Limuel always ends up with the better burger, huh?? Don't get me wrong, the Peggy and the Yelp were not bad burgers, but I just wouldn't order them again with all the other options they offer.As far as sides, the onions rings, sweet potato fries, and regular fries are all very good!! Don't pass up the sides just because the burger is so massive. The regular fries automatically come with a burger or your can upgrade for $2. They compliment the meal perfectly.The prices for the burgers are reasonable considering the portion size and the fact that these are 'gourmet' burgers. I've had no problems with the service either time I came. I can see myself craving the burgers from Rok:Brgr and can't wait to try some of the other burgers like the Morning Glory or Black and Bleu or the Bosh Burger. I do have to reprimand them for having burgers named after Miami Heat players (Lakers for life!)
<review# 237,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2014,4/3/2014,201,258,5,13,8>I love this restaurant.  I've only been there once, but it was love at first bite.  I can't think of anything I didn't like. Starched white tablecloths, linen napkins, a glass of wine served in a little carafe, added to the special ambiance.  The restaurant was beautiful, so unexpected since it's located in a strip mall on Federal Highway.  The service was excellent.We started with warm crusty bread which was served with herb butter.  i couldn't stop eating it.  So good.  Next came the appetizers. There were eight appetizers served on a three tiered tray.  Grav lax which is fresh salmon, deviled egg sprinkled with caviar, pickled herring which was in a sweet sauce, chicken salad, spinach blue cheese dip, mushrooms in a light sauce, beets, and cucumber salad.  I've never been a big fan of beets, but these were delicious.Next came a choice of soup or Caesar salad.  I got the soup which was bean.  It was good and hearty.For my entree I ordered chicken raspberry.  The chicken was perfectly cooked, slightly crisp on the outside and tender on the inside.  The sauce was slightly sweet and fruity and added to the flavor of the dish.  There was asparagus, green beans, mushrooms, mashed potatoes, and a stuffed tomato on the plate.  All delicious.  My husband ordered the special which was a fillet Mignon.  He said it was tender and perfectly cooked.Since we got there in time for the early bird, before 5:15 PM, our dinners came with a beer or wine, coffee or tea, and a dessert to share. I got white wine which was served in a small carafe.  My husband had a beer.  For dessert we choose the seven layer Danish custard raspberry cake.  It was a large piece of cake that melted in our mouths.  If you go for the early bird you must pay with cash or a check.The entrees run between $25 to $44. Not cheap, but they come with all the appetizers plus soup or Caesar salad.  A 20% tip is added to your bill.  Since this is a small restaurant it would be a good idea to call for a reservation before heading out.
<review# 238,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2014,4/2/2014,287,564,1,8,5>So as my boyfriend and I were approaching Animal Care and Control PBC, we decided to stop in and "take a look". Taking a look became "ohmigoodness, we have to take her home". As you walk into the facility, you quickly realize that it is quite similar to many of the county government buildings. For the most part, the staff are enthused and ready to help but there are still the few who seem like they couldn't care less. The animals are seperated by species and by their availability for adoption. It was my first time visiting an Animal Rescue center, so the loudness of the animals caught me off guard. After passing all the pitbulls and bigger dogs, we came across our newest addition. She's a small Manchester Terrier Mix with just the cutest little face. There is a process for observing, playing and selecting a dog. I would advise that you let the animal staff know that you are serious and ready. One of the other patrons, tried to bypass the process and take the dog we had been playing with and ultimately decided on. The supervisor of the facility intervened and we were able to finalize the adoption process. If you are a renter, be advised that they will call the landlord to confirm your eligibility to adopt a dog. All animals leaving the Animal Care and Control Center are spayed/neutered which is covered through the adoption cost. There is also a sample bag of food that is provided to start you and your new friend on your way. Overall, it was a satisfactory process and I would recommend someone looking for a furry friend to consider a rescue.
<review# 239,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2013,4/1/2014,930,225,9,18,12>I knew I had to try this place out. I saw the information about Swami juice just a few days ago on yelp. Then yelp's first 10 list idea was originated. One of my 10 things which I wanted to complete was trying wheatgrass. The idea and taste of wheatgrass scared me. A few of my friends drink some form of wheatgrass everyday. (yikes/yuck) So, after some peer pressure I wanted to try it. Maybe a wheatgrass shot or wheatgrass blended in some juice was my idea of a adventurous time. I headed over to Swami juice which is located in Boca Raton. It is around 2 miles away from FAU. I was ready to get my juice on. For the juices: they have many options available. They are freshly made in the production area which I got to take a sneak peak at. It's a clean space with the biggest juicer I have ever seen in my life. I got the Aussie  which consisted of pear, cucumber, kale, Presley, lime. It was delicious blend of fruits and vegetable.  If you are looking for something more sweet  but a hint of spicy kick in it, I would recommend the sunscreen because it has the apple and orange sweetness and ginger, cinnamon and turmeric spice to it. In addition I tried the bush doctor and groundswell. The groundswell didn't taste bad at all considering the fact I don't even like beets. Kayla assisted me in all my inquires about the different juices and shots. She was amazing in customer service and providing me with all the answers about different ingredients. I love the fact that for the most part they use local farmers etc for their vegetables and fruits. They grow their own wheatgrass...(I don't have to be scared anymore, it actually tastes very good).  They use sustainable ingredients, and glass bottles which you can bring back and get one free juice in every ten juices you get.I fell in love with this place and the healthy vision they have.  Go check it out and try a yummy juice.
<review# 240,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2014,3/31/2014,287,379,6,17,11>Finally, a restaurant in Boca that i can recommend for brunch!Farmers Table offers brunch on Saturday and Sunday from 8 am until 3 pm.  To avoid the wait, try to come before noon, otherwise they will accept reservations for 5 or more.FT is located at the old Mario's location, next to Red's. They pretty much kept the same layout but it is decorated with a clean and comfortable farmhouse style.  The atmosphere is really nice and the inside is quiet enough that you can have a concersation with another person without feeling lke you are yelling.The Brunch menu is really their breakfast and lunch menu, but with bottomless    mimosas, belinis, and bloody mary for only $12.  If you are in a more breakfast type mood, i suggest the black skillet morning hash, which comes eggs (your way), bacon, chicken sausage, and roasted veggies in a sozzling skillet, with a side of naan bread.  Extremely tasty and probably one of the best brunches in Boca that i have had since Zed 451 closed. They also have various other egg dishes,pancakes, wraps, and other breakfast favorites.  Plenty to choose off the lunch menu as well.
<review# 241,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2014,3/30/2014,263,36,7,18,14>This little "door" locate on Sample Rd. on the east side of 95 is the true 'Empanadaland"!Do you love empanada? Only empanada lover's will understand how important is to have the perfect combination of the perfect dough with the perfect filing. Casa do Pastel hit super high score by having both! Not only that they also have an incredible list of variety of different filings, were are talking, cheese, beef, chicken, shrimp, pork sausage, jerk beef, Dulce de leche, guava paste... The list is almost infinite! That is so good! It is a small store with space to sit down inside, it's very simple with nothing special about the decoration, because they actually don't need to worry about it, since you are a lot more busy reading their long list of empanada options to choose your order, than worried about what art they have on their walls.Their service is on the counter where you place your order and pay for it, they are attentive and they fry your empanadas after your order so they come super crunch for you. The best part is the price that vary from $2-$4.50 (this last one is for the "super empanada" (huge on size and with all ingredients inside!). Also available you will find fresh smoothies, freshly squeezed sugar cane juice, different soups like pork ribs and corn soup, and collard greens/sausage/potatoes, the typical coxinha (fried dough with shredded chicken breast filing), and other fried croquettes. Go very hungry to be able to try as much as you can, because you will have so many choices to choose from...This is another must have bookmark to visit on your list!
<review# 242,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/26/2013,3/29/2014,20,45,3,12,9>Came here to eat on Christmas Day around 12:30p. It was my first time eating Dim Sum and I was super excited! Needless to say, my experience was amazing! At first, I was a bit concerned that we were going to be waiting in line a while because there were at least 4 parties in front of us. However, the line moved quickly and we were waiting roughly around 15 minutes before we were seated.My bf and I were with a friend whose parents are Chinese so they made things a tad easier by ordering the dishes for us. I really liked the tea they served to get our appetite going; I believe it may have been Jasmine tea. They offer a picture menu so that you have an idea of what the dish looks like before you order. I was very happy about that because it really gets the visuals going and your mouth watering. The dishes were initially brought out 1 or 2 at a time and then a small wave of them just started coming in almost at once! It was awesome! We  savored the following dishes: shrimp dumplings, shrimp rice paste, sate squid, steamed BBQ pork buns, stuffed bean curd skin, egg custard tarts...and a few other ones I can't remember. Yummmmm...they were each so yummy in their own unique flavored way. The food tasted very fresh. I have to give a special honorable mention to the BBQ pork buns. OMG they were DELICIOUS! The pork meat is very well seasoned and the bun itself is like a semi-sweet, fluffy texture that just melts in your mouth. Loved it! The server also seemed to make sure we always had tea in our tea pot; we just had to lift up the lid and they'd come over to bring us more. I think the only negative from the experience was that they forgot to bring out one of the dishes so we had to ask them to remove it from the check. They didn't hassle us about it, and we didn't really gripe over the missed dish because we were stuffed!! Overall, my experience here was great. Our friend's parents paid for the meal and they said that you get 10% off if you pay cash. So, just a tip. Looking forward to eating Dim Sum again soon!
<review# 243,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2014,3/28/2014,399,476,9,20,17>I first discovered this place thanks to Yelp, when we attended the Order the Yelp kick-off event in the beginning of January. The manager had told us about the different promotions they had, including Ladies Night every Thursday, where ladies drink for free (and even park for free at BeachPlace!) from 8 to 11 pm. Several of us planned right then and there on coming back, and we didn't wait to long to return.I checked out their facebook page a few days before we all planned to go, and noticed that if you bring 6 or more ladies and RSVP by email in advance, you get a bottle of Veuve Clicquot champagne (which you'd pay $20 PER GLASS for if you ordered it at any restaurant in Miami). So naturally I made sure we had 6 people, since champagne is my drink of choice ;)  Upon arrival, we decided to sit in the couch area to the left of the bar, and we totally felt like VIPs in our little section. We had Adrian as our server, and he even remembered us from the Yelp event. He was a fantastic waiter - super attentive and friendly. He made sure we were having a great time, and that we never had an empty glass. We started off with the champagne (naturally), and then had a variety of other well drinks afterward.Most of us ordered food (to help absorb the alcohol, of course), and it turns out that we all ordered sliders. I ordered the chicken sliders, and they were delicious. Our little area didn't have a table, and Adrian said we looked rather awkward holding our slider plates in our laps, so he offered to move us to a table to eat. Half of us moved, while the other half were content where we were.We all had so much fun! I've already been asked by a few girls when our next Ladies Night will be. We'll be back for sure :)
<review# 244,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2013,3/27/2014,491,388,6,16,10>I am 7 classes in now, 6 Pilates and 1 Raja Yoga. All I can say is I am officially addicted. The exercise classes are challenging but fun, the instructors are all amazing and the class sizes are small, allowing for individual correction. My first day I accidentally signed up for the advanced pilates class, but the owner, Ellen, was a great sport about it and worked with me through the class. I made sure to sign up for the beginner's classes after that :) I love that I can use their iPhone app (at Mindbody) to book classes and see the schedule. I signed up for their $120/month plan that gives me 8 classes, including pilates, per month. Each additional class is $15/class. They also have a $99/month plan that excludes pilates, if you are more interested in their Ultimate, Spinning, Yoga, etc. One day I decided to try Raja Yoga after my pilates class - it was an amazing experience. Unlike any Yoga class I've tried, it focuses on deep stretching and meditation. Such a great way to stretch after a rigorous class. My favorite instructors so far are Octavia (pilates) and Christine (yoga). My only wish is that they offered a higher plan that included more than 8 classes per month. I would love to continue coming here perhaps 5-6 times per week, but not sure I can keep up with that at $15/class. It is true that you get what you pay for with Ellen's, though. They have amazing classes and in the end, it is quite a bargain for the level of support I've received in the past month. Highly recommended for anyone who is nervous about going to the gym or looking for more motivation.
<review# 245,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2013,3/26/2014,262,243,8,14,11>I am updating my review and the five stars stays the same and so does my opinion that Aunt G's is the best Caribbean food in South Florida.  Aunt G's so far is as good as it gets.  I know real Caribbean food and this is one of them.  The chain Jamaican restaurants as well as most of the others use water for rice and peas and cheap seasonings barely evoking the flavro.. I have been raised on the difference and I am here to tell you- Aunt G's rice and peas are as good as my belated loved Auntie D.  I taste the yummy creamy coconut milk.On my last visit I asked several of the guests what they were ordering. It was fried chicken. Okay so why not? Well I can tell you I will never go to Popeyes, KFC, nor churches if Aunt G's is open-----she blows them away.  I truly did not expect the chicken to be as succulent, crispy, and not over-breaded like it was.  It was amazing.  I had the lunch special for $5.95 and as you can see from my pictures the portion was quite generous and it also came with a soda.  The last visit I went in around noon and the young lady at the front was as pleasant as Aunt G and then Aunt G even came out from my last visit, said hello, and even thanked me for the review with my name.  Impressive. Anywho back to the food, I ordered the best fried chicken I think I have ever had and it came with rice and peas and cabbage. The cabbage  is different in a great way.  It is moist and sweet. The rice and peas were steaming and they give you a choice of which gravy you would like on it, oxtail gravy, curry gravy, etc and I chose mine with oxtail gravy swimming.  I had no intentions of eating all of this as I was meeting girl friends for lunch but was going to have it for dinner.  Phluseee  I inhaled all of it, I am near speechless on how aromatic and flavorful Aunt G's food is.  I am going to adopt Aunt G, I believe. She is open every day and I have got to tell you, if everything I eat continues to be this amazing, it will be rare that I ever eat anywhere else unless someone else takes me.She is too close and the food is amazing.   I have had the fried chicken, saltfish and ackee, and jerk chicken so far. I polled the audience the other day when I was in line. Everyone feels the same way!and oh ..the jerk chicken I had previously...same thing--5 stars all the way.  I am not a jerk 'freak" but this one hit the mark. Be sure to get the jerk sauce with it.Those of you who do not live close- come and stock up. If you are on 95, it is just a couple miles west of 95.    The time and drive is well worth it!!!
<review# 246,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2014,3/25/2014,100,101,3,10,6>What amazing deals! I love a happy hour specials and find myself searching Yelp constantly for the best Happy hour spots around. I got lucky enough to try Kabuki this past week and with out a doubt I will be back.Happy hour is from 3-7 daily and includes a long list of cocktails,wine, beer and sake for $7.00 and under. I had a glass of the house chardonnay for $4.00 and it was a very generous pour. They also offer sushi rolls, hot tapas and sashimi for $6.00 and under.There were 3 of us dining at happy hour and all of us left happy and full for under $40.00. We had the spicy edamame, pork gyoza (4), fried empanadas(3) California roll and lava drops. Everyone love the fried empanadas with the sweet dipping sauce and the edamame is a must order for sure!Our waitress was extremely friendly and helpful with the menu. The restaurant was clean and I loved the dim lighting. They have outside seating, tables, booths, and you can even sit in the very back at the sushi counter and watch the sushi chefs at work. Although it was pretty busy we got a table right away and our waitress was always available to refill glasses and clear the table of empty dishes. If you are looking for outstanding food and service at reasonable prices then you have to check out the happy hour at Kabuki.
<review# 247,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2014,3/24/2014,442,433,14,17,11>The Mack House Nano Brewery can make all of your childhood dreams come true. As long as those dreams include locally crafted beer. No doubt the best seat in the house is on the comfy corner couches. Its like a mini IKEA display but with functioning electronics. Bask in the familiar glow of the vintage not-HD, not-flat-screen TV box of your youth with two gaming relics tethered to it. Behold both an original Nintendo with both controllers AND the duck hunt gun and Super Nintendo in all of its 16-bit glory. And there is even a decent selection of games ready for your nostalgic cartridge-playing pleasure. Its acceptable to drink and drive as long as you're any character in Mario Kart besides Toadstool (he's clearly not 21). And you have no excuse for button-mashing in Mortal Kombat now that you can Google the combos on your smartphone. At first, its kind of weird. Like you're simultaneously in two different dimensions that have just collided. The 1980s meets the new millenium. Next thing you know, the New Kids on the Block will be fighting One Direction West Side Story-style and the Thundercats start a war with Finn & Jake & Friends and Material Girl Madonna gets caught in this time warp and meets Modern Day Madonna and you're afraid the whole world will unravel. But then you forget about all that because, beer. If you're in more of an analog mood, they also have some less-mind-bending board games you can play with your buddies like Connect Four. You can stay up way past your bedtime (Open til 11PM Sun & Tues-Thurs and til 2 AM Fri-Sat) and order delivery pizza with all your friends. It's just like a sleepover, except I don't think they'll actually let you sleep there. You might wet the bed. I did some homework so you don't have to: Happy Hour 4-7 PM Tues - Sat + during Dolphins Games = $2 off all drafts. If you're familiar with the Davie area, It's in the same plaza as Round-Up. Closed on Mondays. Also serve some wine for hops-haters.
<review# 248,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/1/2014,3/23/2014,118,353,1,8,5>Thrilled to see this place is finally open after watching the construction over the last few months.  We stopped in here after a terrible experience at Johnnie Brown's and wished we'd stopped into El Camino FIRST!They've only been open a week, but it seems like the kinks must be worked out already.  We were greeted immediately by a friendly host who chatted us up on our way to our booth.  This place is mostly booths with a few tables, and a long tequila bar.  They offer something like 200 tequilas here!  Since today is Jan 1 we are nursing our NYE experience from last night, so there was no way we were indulging again today.We split an order of the Crispy Grouper Tacos, which were really tasty even though they were lightly breaded.  The grouper itself had a very good flavor, but the tacos were REALLY SMALL!  El Camino loses a star because, overall, the prices are just too inflated. I know downtown Delray Beach eateries are spendy, but this was just too spendy.  Three tiny (and I really do mean tiny) tacos for $12 was crazy.  The shrimp tacos and tuna tacos were priced at $14.  That's nuts. Even if the price was dropped by a measly $1, I'd feel better about it.  Charge me $10.99 for those small tacos, and I'd still say they were overpriced, but they'd be more in line with Delray pricing in general.Chips and salsa cost an extra $3.  While everything is freshly made in-house, still...to charge for the chips and salsa didn't seem right. Overall, though, we really appreciated the friendly and attentive service by our server, his knowledge of the menu, and the overall vibe of this place.  It's got a really good laid-back feel here, and even though they've only been open 1 week, the place was packed!Happy hour is daily from 4pm to 7pm, so we'll probably stop back in some night to chill out, drink Coronas (and maybe indulge on some margs or flights of tequila), and eat some more good grub.
<review# 249,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2013,3/22/2014,251,395,8,16,10>I can't say enough good things about this place, and I encourage anyone in the area to go.  Luckily its close to my job, and even luckier - my department likes to eat early at 11:30am, so we beat the rush and always get a table.  Trust me, it's a tiny place and getting here early is key if you want to eat inside.  I've never gotten food to go, but perhaps I should consider that option in the future.Typically I get a panini (choice of soup or salad) and try and find someone willing to split an arepa with me.  It's a tough choice between sandwich or arepa, so I try to get in both lol.  The Guayanés is my go to arepa, and the Chicken & Avocado panini is my go to on that side - but in all honesty the whole menu is great, although I can't vouch for breakfast...yet.  Like I already mentioned the paninis come with choice of salad or soup - and once the soup of the day was butternut squash, and I'll swear that was the best butternut squash soup I've ever had!
<review# 250,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2013,3/21/2014,342,260,8,17,13>There's no way not to love Butterfly World.  I've been to a number of butterfly gardens.  Generally you walk through a small room with a dozen or so different species.  Not here.  This is rooms and room devoted to butterflies.  Start with the exhibits of cocoons and caterpillars.  You can watch them emerge and harden their wings.  It's educational but fascinating.  Move on to the big open rooms, filled with dozens of attractive plants and hundreds of free fluttering butterflies.  They're everywhere.  If you get lucky, you may find yourself with one taking a ride on you.  They come in all different colors and patterns, it's totally mesmerizing.  Watch them feed at fruit stands or on the nectar of the flowers.  Watch them sitting in mist filled areas, with sparkling drops of water on their wings or antennae.  It's a photographers paradise.Another room has tropical birds mingling with the butterflies.  Outside are more birds and open gardens of flowers.  There is also a butterfly plant nursery, where you can get plants to start your own gardens.  There are frequently  scheduled classes on how to get your glorious habitat started.Finally is the gift shop, with hundreds of butterfly related items.  There are many beautiful selections from educational items to lovely jewelry.My only problem with the facility is the price, which keeps us from going nearly as often as we'd like.  But if we have out-of-town guests, this is a mandatory trip that is always a delight.
<review# 251,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2014,3/20/2014,152,348,3,10,8>The Rebel House is like a foodies playground. And I came to play. The look and feel of the restaurant is fun, with large garage style doors for windows, they can open the entire restaurant to the street. There is tons of art and fun doodads to look at. The wine, beer and cocktail list is phenomenal. They carry my all time favorite beer - Thomas Creek Up the Creek. They have very intriguing and playful cocktails and some high quality wines & beers at a great price. Jimmy, our server was the best. He was very helpful and amazing.*I started with the berry lemoncello martini - Great, but on the sweet side.*The popcorn was incredibly good. The seasoning of the night was veggies, and it is now one of my favorite flavored popcorn. *Jonathan ordered a Pre-Castro. It was so good he sucked it down in 10 minutes or less. I think it was a bit small for the cost, but at least it was tasty.*Bacon wrapped dates - I had a bite and it wasn't anything phenomenal but it was okay. A good balance of sweet and salty. But no crunch factor... So just "mushy food."*Pretzel grilled cheese - My ultimate favorite. I mean, you can't go wrong with pork belly and the only thing I didn't like was the spread on the plate and the mustard they usually put on it. I'm so glad I asked for it on the side. But the biggest surprise was the brusselkraut that they put on the sandwich was surprisingly perfect for the sandwich. *Bone marrow - Extremely rich, served with cheese bread and a parsley and arugula salad. All together on the toast, the bone marrow was a very flavorful experience. It's an over indulgence: talk about sin. But the salad had a decent amount of parsley in it and that really made it bitter. Not my favorite.*Portobello churrasco - wasn't all that interesting compared to everything else. I think if you come here, indulge in all the other more decadent dishes.*Steak tartar - The key to the best experience of this dish is you have combine the quail egg with the tartar and then a little smidgen of sauce. And the frites on top are perfect to add a little crunch to all that "mushy food". I wish it did come with some crostini though.For the finale we got the Apple Pie A la Mode. It was really good, but I just wish there were more pie crust bits in it. I know it's not meant to be that way, but I'm the carb queen. I gotta have my bread. I can't wait to go back and try some more very interesting dishes. I love how much they change their menu and play around with their dishes. It keeps things interesting and makes people try something new. Which I love and crave more of.
<review# 252,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2013,3/19/2014,135,173,5,14,10>Hey Yelpers, just updating this to once again state that Haos Asian Cuisine is THE BEST.Every time I dine, I attempt to pick out new dishes to try, but I always resort back to my favorites as they are just delicious & "Mmm" worthy.I love the Udon Seafood Soup - it's so big, I usually have to take the rest home. My mother got me hooked on the Korean Spicy Seafood Noodle Soup; another one that offers a large enough serving to take home for later.My dining companion is in love with the appetizer "Lumpia Shanghai" - not sure exactly what they are but from the looks of it, it's little fried spring rolls that are filled with meat (so they're not spring rolls, I know.)They spruced up the menu with photos of the food, so if you're daring, try what looks good. It's always going to be great - no worries! :)Also, they added online ordering (no photos, sorry!) and I tried it last night. I was able to order, pay AND tip... all from my computer. I just had to pick it up, but they offer delivery, too!Once again, Haos is the best Asian cuisine (sans sushi) in Palm Beach County. You have my word.
<review# 253,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2013,3/18/2014,94,152,4,10,5>It's 5:30 pm on a Sunday & we're in need of a blowout. I called 2 different salons that made it clear they weren't interested in our business at this late hour then I called Salon Mixx & she was quite happy to accommodate us with a "ok no problem see you soon." Hey customer service does still exist! Shocker, I know. We arrived at 5:35 pm & the salon closes at 6. I found the salon in a hidden part of Falcom Pub plaza...who knew there was a salon there. I've lived here 10 years & never noticed it. I explained our dilemma about having pictures tomorrow & they were more than happy to take care of us. I chatted it up with the NEW owner who was a very sweet, down to earth lady. No pretentious attitude here. Another plus. I told her how I found her on Yelp - 4 stars & close = pretty perfect. Although after further investigating I saw that Yelp kind of hides reviews, honestly I've never even noticed that but there it was. Kinda disappointed in Yelp but I guess they have their reasons. Anyway long story short we got a great blowout from a very accommodating salon that has a new owner that actually cares about their customers & they have a Yelp discount to boot. Suggestion: give it a try!
<review# 254,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2013,3/17/2014,158,135,12,15,15>I FINALLY got to try this amazing place !!!After finishing a 5K Run/Walk with a group of friends, we all decided to celebrate with Sunday Brunch... and WE ARRIVED HUNGRYI've heard so many good things about this place and just looking at all the photos and reviews that everyone posted I knew it was finally time to come and see all the hype for myself.  Blue (our BPB Community Manager) and his lovely wife Rosario come here a lot and always tell us how awesome the food and service is so I knew we wouldn't be let down.I treated the table to share an order of Banana Bread Grilled Cheese with nutella spread and ricotta cheese.  WOW... everyone loved it, even Glenn who can be picky and doesn't even like grilled cheese.  After I took the first bite, the rest of the table was lucky that I was willing to share it (since I don't really like to share my sweet dishes especially when they are this good).I ordered the Short Rib Benedict for my main dish and another WOW.  My dish was loaded with so much flavor.  It was like a traditional Eggs Benedict but instead of ham it had braised short rib and also had chimichurri sauce.  I would highly suggest trying this dish but be warned, it is very filling.I also was able to try the Hangar Steak Hash (hash browns with steak, onions, peppers, eggs and chimichurri hollandaise sauce.  This dish is huge and very heavy and I would suggest it for sharing.  EVERYTHING was Delicious and everything was very affordable too.Everyone that works here is really nice and they make sure you are not running low on your drinks and make sure you are always happy.  We were even given warm towels to clean are hands after we finished are breakfast. They made us all feel very welcome.  CAN NOT WAIT TO COME BACKAnd so happy to have my first visit with my running team and friends... Thanks Rosario, Blue, Natasha, Glenn, Ashley, Scott and Beth
<review# 255,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2014,3/16/2014,217,135,1,15,8>I've updated this review after 3 visits, increasing the stars from 4 to 5.  I am cautious in awarding 5 stars on a first visit, want to be certain the restaurant warrants it. Bottom line, the sushi really is incredibly high quality and fresh, it is obvious from the taste, and overall deserving 5 stars.The designs and combinations are awesome, and I recommend anything from the Chef's Specialties section. Sit at the bar to truly appreciate the creative genius of Joe. And be patient. This is not a mass produced high volume sushi restaurant. Joe creates all the dishes on his own and it will take a bit if time depending on how busy a night it is. The wait is worth it. Oh yes, try their bottled saki, there is a nice selection. Thanks to the Yelpers who wrote reviews and tips, which led me to this sushi restaurant. If it were not for their reviews, I would have not tried it, mainly because it is in an off-the-beaten track location, in a strip center occupied by closed stores, a tattoo parlor, pizza place, and a pawn shop. And yes, it is indeed directly across the street on Federal Highway from the rear end of Mizner Park, so it is easy to drive by it and not think of stopping, which I have been doing for the last 10 months, the length of time it has been opened. I bookmarked it, and decided to check it out last night, and am indeed pleased.I sat at the bar, as I wanted the experience of observing Chef Joe make his sushi, as so many commented on his skill level, having worked for many years at Nobu in Miami. The restaurant is small, maybe seats 30, and has about 8 seats at the bar. Nicely and simply decorated, immaculately clean (including the bathrooms), with Chef Joe, and one server, delightful Vicki. Joe was focused on creating his dishes, and also cooked some food in the kitchen. It seemed like he was "the man", doing everything. As a side note, I do not recommend that you order any of the cooked dishes - SUSIGO's real strength is in its incredibly tasty, fresh, high quality cuts of sushi, creatively designed by the chef.WHAT I TASTED - (pictures posted of all)SPICY FUSION SALMON SALAD, which I shared with my partner. Fish other than Salmon can be used, and actually it is octopus listed on the menu, but I'm not a fan of it.GOLDEN CRUNCH ROLL with salmon, avocado, cream cheese, scallion, cucumber, and three different "special" saucesICE CREAM - It was yummy...(update - I've tasted 5 more sushi plates, see my pictures for their names) A few words about Joe - in a lull in his preparing sushi, I queried him about his background, length of time the restaurant had been opened, his competition (there are at least 5 sushi restaurants with a mile of this location.) He was a delightful hospitable man, quite eager to engage me in conversation, and explained that many people call themselves sushi chefs, but true "chefs" train for 10 years before earning the title of chef. He took great PRIDE in his years as a chef, and his own business, as opposed to his prior positions working for someone else. I will return, likely for a lunch special, and take advantage of the happy hour discounts, as well, and look forward to more interactions with CHEF JOE.
<review# 256,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2013,3/15/2014,9,17,7,19,11>I will say this again people of south Florida - DO NOT JUDGE A RESTAURANT BY THEIR STRIP MALL!!!Just because this restaurant is in the same strip as an armpit like The Culture Room, does not mean that you should not run to Hot & Soul right this very second!  You need to experience their food for yourself!On a lark, I took my Dad and step-mom here when they came in town to visit.  As we were looking at our menus, the guests from the table next to us stopped to tell us what they had and how much they liked it - already a good sign when random strangers sing the praises of the restaurant. We started off with the Manchego Toasts with Mushroom Sauce.  AWESOME!!!!  Then I ordered the Gnocchi with Oxtail.  PHENOMENAL!!! I have never had such light and fluffy gnocchi in my life, and the oxtail was nice and tender.  The red sauce that brought it all together was amazingly light and bright.  My step-mom had the Crawfish Étouffée, spicy, but not too spicy.  It was a very good balance of flavors.  My dad had the Oysters and Clam Chowder - he loved it so much that I didn't even get a bite!Our waitress was very attentive and friendly.  Not only was she always right on top of things, she helped us pair a wine with our meal - definitely something that they aren't all trained to do these days.All in all, the dinner - and the service - was so great, I have been back two more times this week!
<review# 257,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/23/2013,3/14/2014,524,775,6,18,11>GO! Bring Cash. There's a BOA with ATM's right next to it. It's across from Timpanos and Royal Pig, in the valet circle of YOLO. It has gotten really BIG with all things considered. You probably won't be here more than an hour, so you can park in a metered spot. Additionally, you can grab brunch at Pig or YOLO or get a coffee at Starbuck's across the street and then walk over. Last time, I would guess there were 20 or so tents. There's also a couple of food selections from Seafood Paella to Indian food, to grilled food, and some veggie options.Things you will find here:1) Stone Crab claws for $10 a pound2) Veggie Market3) Orchid lady-she's got a bunch of orchids4) Pink Pickle lady--man she makes amazing pickles. I go there sometimes just for her half sour pickles (she sold out of 15 lbs of them by noon last Sunday) and her sour green tomatoes. What can i say I'm a pickle addict. 5) an olive guy6) selections of fresh baked breads and desserts7) Smoked fish guy8) cheese lady9) massage lady10) Organic Veggie ladyJust to name a few. I think it's the best farmer's market I have been to in Lauderdale. It's only on Sundays and I think ends at 2. When the weather is nice it's great to walk around.
<review# 258,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2014,3/13/2014,178,280,3,9,7>I've never met a hot dog I didn't like. That being said Los Verdes has been on my radar for awhile. I went in on the last day of January to take advantage of the Order the Yelp promotion. I ordered the yelp perro, a bacon arepa, and the maicitos and took it all to go. With the yelp promotion I paid around $15 and it was A LOT of food...definitely a great value. Everything was really delicious. I thought the potato chips and sauces on top of the hot dog really made it special, though very messy to eat, and although it is a lot of sauce on top I don't think it took away from the flavor of the hot dog. The bun tasted fresh. The maicitos was also really great. I just got the original which only includes cheese their standard crushed chip/sauce topping, but I think it would be even better with meat added. My favorite part of the meal was the bacon arepa. The actual arepa was thinner and not as fluffy as arepas I've had in the past...but this just may be a different style than I'm used to. Regardless, it was delicious. There was a ton of delicious, perfectly cooked bacon with cheese and pink sauce all over. I don't think I could come here and not order this. The staff was friendly, and since my order was to go I appreciated them including lots of extra sauces, and even some extra crushed chips to add to the top of the maicitos and arepa (I think they are trying to avoid sogginess by having you add them yourself when you get home). They had a sign advertising milkshakes which sounded delicious. I am looking forward to going back. This is a seriously affordable and delicious lunch option.
<review# 259,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2013,3/12/2014,41,84,7,10,7>I'm always dining at ethnic places and I LOVE Indian cusine so I have heard about this place  from a co worker and the magic of Yelp so we checked it out.  It is close to the Tandoori Pizza place that I go to once in a while. We stopped by here on a late Friday evening. There were a few people all whom were Indian which was a good sign. We ordered Chicken 65, Chicken Korma, Bullet Naan and of course Chicken Biryani. And everything we asked for spicy.When I dived into the Chicken 65 (first time I've had it) it was flavorful and spicy. The biryani flavor was amazing. The korma was not my favorite  korma I've had but I still enjoyed it.   We came late on a Friday night and they almost ran out of everything. The biryani although very flavorful the chicken pieces were not the best. I think it was the end of the day so I didn't take away any points for that.  It was Black Friday so I think the place had been crazy busy for the past few days they ran out of everything. Despite that issue, I did not take away from the overall quality of the food and the dining experience. We wanted to order some items to go but they were out of everything I wanted. I love gobi manchurian and they serve it dry here so I was disappointed I didn't get to try it. We did order just some biryani and it lasted for 3 days!! there was so much in our to go box. If you don't like spicy like real spicy this might not be the place for you to try Hyderbad style biryani.  Different places have diffrerent styles of biryani and this place is more of the hyderbad style of biryani.  I liked the chicken biryani more so at Tandoori as the chicken is sooo tender there but the spices here at Paradise do give the biryani a run for the money for any biryani in town. The waitress was nice and the place was clean. I would for sure come back and try some other items on the menu. Thank goodness for Mango Lassi to tame the spicy. I'd recommend you do the same if you want to try all the wonderful spicy dishes and biryani here.
<review# 260,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2013,3/11/2014,37,50,3,7,4>I wound up here by accident today.  I was looking for another place, but something called to me and said, "Stop here...you'll like it".  The girl at the counter was friendly in taking my order, but what hits the customer service home is the guys who run the food out.  I was surprised at how quickly my food came out, but even more surprised at the super politeness of the guy handing me my food.  He checked my name, double checked the sandwich, and had a smile the whole time.I got the Turkey Pretzel sandwich without onions.  It's smoked turkey, havarti cheese, some kind of spread, and tomatoes on a pretzel bun.  It also comes with a small bag of kettle cooked chips.As I bite into the sandwich, the first thing I notice is the bread.  It's soft on the inside with a slightly crispy outside, signaling that the bread is indeed fresh.  This seems to be quality turkey.  It's not too smoked and it's not tough or anything.  The tomatoes were juicy and also fresh.  The spread was good too.  My only small complaint is that there seems to be some kind of caraway seeds in the havarti, and for me personally, that's kind of a turn off.  If you don't mind 'em, though, this is a damn tasty sandwich.The chips were very crispy and didn't taste like they had been sitting in a stockroom for several months.I like this place and will keep coming back.  It's like if Panera and Einstein's had a love child, this would be it, but with better customer service and fresher food for about the same price.
<review# 261,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2014,3/10/2014,1682,120,39,43,44>It's on the beach! It's right in the middle of all the action on the Hollywood Boardwalk! LOCATION! Ok it's a dive and I like dives, not always, but when the mood strikes me to not care what I'm wearing, be it a wet bathing suit or shorts and a t-shirt after a bike ride or just hanging out on the boards, this place is chill! Is the food great? Nope. Is it bad? Nope. It's beach food, not fast food, let's call it good food made quickly. They have a very varied menu. I had the clam roll and it's what I expected, greasy goodness on a bun with tartar sauce. Crispy, tasty and paired with a fine vintage cold azz beer! Kid friendly you ask? Yes, in the daylight hours it's got the right blend of fried treats to keep the younger ones quiet for a bit before they go back to the ocean.Yep, perfect beach bumming spot! Sit outside and watch the tourists and locals blend in to create a perfect mix that is the signature of this boardwalk. I was there on a cool evening sitting next to a Canadian with a wet suit and tee-shirt who was sitting next to a local wearing a hoodie and sweats while shivering! Vive le difference! What's inside? It's got a large winding bar, HD flat screens with the sports Du Jour. Hockey, basketball and futbol all happening while I was maxing and relaxing, taking in the salt air, listening to French, Spanish and English blending in with the waves crashing on the beach, the sounds that let me know I'm home in the Hollyhood! :-)
<review# 262,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2014,3/9/2014,695,2029,8,18,15>Masamune isn't at all typical of Japanese restaurants you might generally find in the area, or for that matter, in the United States. The food served here is just about as authentic Japanese in preparation, flavor and texture as you can get, without compromise toward what is typically found in sushi bars or those with an Asian Fusion bent.I made my order, but was first presented with a noodle dish, which was both delightfully subtle as well as interesting, and though I was not given a name for it, most closely resembled a Ramen.Then, my salad along with a miso soup. The salad was a light leafy mixture topped with a thick creamy base of dressing that I perceived as having distinctive ginger overtones. The miso I found to also be distinctive in that it contained far more flavors along with a much better balance between them than any other miso soups I've had since being in Japan. I also had the crab cake, which are not actually crab cakes in the way a Westerner might think of them, but in keeping with what is truly Japanese, more akin to being large crab balls, served with a rich, creamy butter-yaki sauce. For my entrée, better described in my pictures, attached, rather than through my words, a sashimi plate that consisted of the freshest best possible assortment of cuts from the belly of tuna, salmon, snapper and what I think may have been, though I'm not sure, of a hog grouper. What was a pleasant surprise was their soy which had a far more delightful flavor than any other soy I've had in the area and upon inquiry found it to be their house, homemade.  The only problem I see isn't with the restaurant but the parking since you'll find that, unless the Futon store next door is closed, there are only about five spaces with one of those being handicap designated.
<review# 263,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2014,3/8/2014,70,65,4,9,5>I can't say enough good things about Chillbar! Such an amazing bohemian oasis! We had heard about it for months and finally made the trip over to Yellow Green Market... After that trip, we went 3 weeks in a row. The owner, wait staff and bartenders are all top notch. The food - amazing. I personally watched the owner walk into the farmers market to buy more cucumbers for the waters/salads. How's that for fresh?For as many times as I've been I've only ordered the crab cakes... Why? Because they're freaking amazing! I've shared the grilled cheese with my BFF which was to die for. Also sampled the salmon, pancakes and hummus... All I can say is yum! The drink menu is also stellar. With many mimosa options, as well as mixed drinks and wine, there is something for everyone! Try the pomegranate mimosa... YUM!If you call ahead they will try to reserve a table for you, but you better be there! We have snagged a reserved table of a diner who was a half hour late... You snooze, you lose! They are also extremely pet friendly and kid friendly. If you have a dog, they will bring out a water bowl for you. If you have a baby, they will clear space for the stroller. I personally can attest to that!We will definitely be back to Chillbar many many more times.... Definitely a South FL must eat!
<review# 264,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/18/2013,3/7/2014,296,502,16,23,18>I have now been to Cafe Vico three times; twice for dinner and once for a luncheon event. They have been consistently good each visit. Tucked away in a corner of a strip mall, they are always a pretty solid choice. The ambiance is cozy despite it's size. There is a center room which anchors a room on either side, separated by low walls. You enter to a disarray of knick knacks and you can't be sure where exactly to check-in because of it. I have been greeted and welcomed warmly at the door each time as if I have been going there for years. During the day, the lights are on just right. At night, it is so dimly lit that I have had to use my phone light several times to look at the menu and my food (in the room on the left anyway). Decor is a little kitschy beyond just the entrance. There's a lot of stuff....everywhere. It is full of celebrity photos too. I don't think it's of celebrities that have dined there though which then leads me to question, just why are they posted? Even the bathroom has magazine cutouts of celebrities. Odd. Now, when I say the food is "consistently good", I mean it. With the exception of their lasagna (BEST in Broward!!!), everything I have had has not been great, exceptional or even awful; it has been.....good. That's a "good" thing....right? Good enough? Entrees begin at about $15.00 and go up to about $40.00. Corkage fee is $25.00. One pet peeve? I really do not like their wine glasses. They are way too thick. I feel like I should be slurping a milkshake through a straw in them. These are the items I have tried:Veal ChopBurrata SaladLasagna- this is absolutely delicious!Salmon CarpaccioFruti di MareVeggie Ravioli BrownieCannoliTiramisuThis is a great place for a casual, yet nice dinner. The lighting can make it romantic though the background noise level might discourage that. If romantic is what you want then request to be seated away from the bar.  I would like to see a little more attention to detail in service and in plating. The last time I went, they brought me the wrong entree (which was a little similar than what I ordered-but still the wrong thing) and barely got an apology. Plating can also be little heavy handed. That said, it is good traditional Italian food in a relaxed, cozy ambiance. If this is what you are looking for, then Cafe Vico is for you!
<review# 265,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2014,3/6/2014,333,226,6,14,10>"Real" corned beef sliders, beef sliders with medium rare meat and mac & cheese better than mac & cheese is capable of being!When I say "real" corned beef, I refer to the corned beef like we make at home and like the corned beef I used to get in the NY delis in the 80's.  Real flavor, tender and it doesn't have that weird texture that so many of the commercial corned beef(s) have today.  (Some even have an off-putting moist layer... OK, I am trying to avoid the word "slime".  It makes me shiver.)Not the case here.  Order the corned beef with confidence and anticipation.I bit into the beef slider and thought I noticed something familiar but couldn't place my finger (or tongue) on it right away.  It took three bites before I figured it out... the beef was medium rare!!!  It has been so many years since I have had a sandwich with medium rare beef in a restaurant I cannot remember the last time.  I am really excited about this!  I had just got so used to the brown, well done, low/no flavor slices served I was resigned to that fact of life.And the mac & cheese.  Hardly fair to refer to it as mac & cheese.  It was a wondrous mixture of the pasta and cheese but then there was the bacon, truffle oil and the bread crumbs on top!  Fortunately, I was sharing the dishes with my family or I would have eaten way too much.  The serving was not small.  Two can definitely revel in delight with one serving.And I do have to give high praise to the staff.  They were caught off guard when we "Ordered the Yelp" and they had no idea what we were talking about.  And they had no truffle oil, either.  Did that stop this intrepid team of professionals... NO!  They went over to Sur la Table and got the truffle oil and prepared the dish for us...smiling all the while.  I am so glad they are of such a high caliber and made it happen.  It was wonderful and so is the staff.I highly recommend the Dubliner.  They have it all.
<review# 266,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2013,3/5/2014,430,328,14,27,22>A hidden paradise sandwiched between Dania Beach and Hollywood Beach, Hollywood  North Beach Park is home to some of the most attractive and least crowded stretches of ocean & beach in South Florida.Hollywood North Beach Park's beach's begins at  North Ocean drive and Sheridan st going north to North Ocean Drive and Franklin St. With 1.1 miles of beautiful blue waves and virgin sandy beach. You can whisk your time away tanning in paradise under the clear blue sky with only the sound of the wind and waves to enliven your spirit.When the waters are calm and serene, you can catch a glimpse of paddle boarders riding the ocean tide. Or when  Calypso the  Goddess of the Sea is stirring the wind and waves, you can see kite boarders challenging her powers.I usually come here when I want to escape to fantasy island or when I desire to take a run along the hidden jogging/biking pathway bit.ly/1hTGMnJ . The beach is perfect for  a midday nap, or catching up on your latest novel. Some desiring higher tranquility  set up hammocks between the palm tree's. As common with places of little human interference, the waters are ripe with life. I've seen manatee's, sharks, stingrays and other aquatics at this beach, so have a camera ready. The park  possesses 56 total acre's and across North Ocean Drive you can find a wooden walkway to enjoy the beautiful views of the Intracoastal Waterway.There are picnic shelters, picnic areas bit.ly/1hTFjOm and fishing piers accessible on the Intracoastal side of the North Ocean Drive. Restrooms are located at 4 locations across the North Ocean drive along the intracoastal side of the park between Sheridan and Perry st.If you get hungry you can find grilled hamburgers, fries, pizza, hot dogs, ice cream, beverages at the Turtle Cafe within the park bit.ly/1hTFfy4 . The cafe is open from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. weekdays and from 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. on weekends. During certain months take notice of the many small cordoned off areas with caution ribbons, they are sea turtle nests bit.ly/1hTFcCr . Disturbing these nests will land you in jail so beware.*NOTES:- Being this is a secluded  wooded forested area, there are issues with car break ins, so keep your valuables with you or in your trunk, but not visible.- There are sign's stating that the police have CCTV cameras, there are no cameras, they use the signs as a deterrent.- There is a long paved bike and running/walking path located within the park along the beach.- There is ample metered parking north of Sheridan st bit.ly/1hTGI7s , if you park in the park at Sheridan st and North Ocean drive there is a flat fee bit.ly/1hTF2uH
<review# 267,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2013,3/4/2014,360,368,9,11,8>Cool looking Restaurant.This place is hip, sexy and a place I would frequent if I lived closer. The service is excellent and the food is pretty tasty. I had the Triple Decker Grilled Cheese melted on country white, with  munster, american, queso cheeses. I had them add turkey for an extra fee. The sandwich was solid and the turkey appeared to be cut off the frame which I thought was damn good. Overall good taste. Next time I have to try a burger. The ambience is that of a hip Americian Pub. Neon lights, TVs and a FSU Seminole Cigar Indian. The only thing I didn't like is the name of the place, Grease Burger Bar. When I see the word Grease I think of two things, oil and Olivia Newton John singing Hopelessly Devoted to me personally. I don't think. great tasting Burger Bar. Maybe,  Juicey Burger Bar, Juice Burger Bar, or even BBB for Better Burger Bar. Hire me when coming up with a name and I guarantee I'm a lot cheaper too.Remember to tell them Dan sent you and Stay Greasy lol see what I mean the word just sucks so.......Stay Juicy!
<review# 268,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2013,3/3/2014,440,356,8,14,12>OMG!! I have been here once before and realizing after our Elite event that I was only 1.7miles away from this place I knew I had to make a stop. Plus I was able to convince my sister to try it out as well. 1st visit: I had the Broadway Classic- keeping it simple! It has American Cheddar & Swiss cheeses! It is on a toasted sourdough bread. The best part is that it comes with tomato bisque! The combination of both is AMAZING! We asked for the most popular fries and we ordered the Disco Fries. It has cheese morsels and hot gravy!! Very different but delicious. After trying this the first time I knew I would have to come back.. Even if it's a bit of a long drive. 2nd visit: The place was empty on a Monday night.. but it made me extra happy because my order would be ready quickly since I was STARVING! I didn't want to play it safe this time. I decided to order the Brooklyn Porkster. I love pork and especially when it is BBQ pulled pork. It came with American-cheddar cheese, caramelized onions, and dill pickles. This was great! It was a little to big for me but I loved it. Since I love spicy food I wanted to try the Yankee Fries! This come with buffalo sauce, blue jack cheese and lots of jalapenos!! Everyone at the table loved them. I was addicted. This place is by far the BEST grilled cheese place!! I can't wait to go back.. Might have to run longer to lose the calories but that is ok.. I would do it just to have this delicious food!
<review# 269,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2014,3/2/2014,78,91,5,10,9>There are times when you eat a meal that puts you in the best mood (and on this rainy sofla day, I needed a mood booster). Yup. I got it here!!!  This wasn't my first rodeo at Brule.  Brule is tucked a few blocks north of Atlantic Ave, which is nice because it takes you away from the hustle and bustle.  The atmosphere is super duper cute.  Large chalk boards listing wines, specials, appetizers, desserts, you name it.  Being a total wino, I can truly appreciate the large wall of wine, and the selection is great.  It gets packed, but both times I have been here, we were able to get a table pretty quickly.  Food.... oh glorious food!  I got their short rib grilled cheese with a horseradish sauce.  Melt in your mouth amazingness.  This is not your average grilled cheese at all.  I mean, first off, they load it with melt in your mouth short rib.  Then pile on the cheese.  Then the horseradish sauce.  O.M.G.  For my side, I just couldn't get enough of horseradish and I got the horseradish cole slaw.  Best cole slaw EVER!  I cleared my plate. Of course I had to get dessert.  On the chalk board, listed almost towards the bottom, sea salt brownie.  seriously.  Stop.  Take a moment and reread what I just wrote.  Brownie, with sea salt.  I think caramel was involved, but it was the sea salt that sold me.  Warm brownie, with ice cream on top, that melts down the brownie.  You get the saltiness of the salt, the sweetness of it all.  Yummmmmmmmmmm. One of my fave's in Delray!  A must go.
<review# 270,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2014,3/1/2014,250,136,6,15,12>They have only been open two weeks, so imagine my delight when I found them yesterday afternoon. I had just come from sitting in my car for three hours. Oh, the insanity of south Florida traffic on New Years Eve! Who knew? You would think that I would! I made my way over to the liquor store that is a few doors down to purchase some wine for this evening. I was absolutely famished, so I tried to find this place on Yelp. I couldn't find them and decided to take a chance. Just so you know, they're located just SE of SR 7/US 441 and Johnson in a plaza. I walk in to find the place is empty with the exception of one customer. This did not deter me though. I was on a mission to get something to eat. I was warmly greeted. I looked over the menu, trying to figure out what I wanted. I decided on a turkey sub, with onions, lettuce, olives, tomatoes, provolone and deli mustard. SN: This is an anomaly. I don't usually order any types of sandwiches or burgers. I have a bad habit of ending up with some of it in my lap. If someone's going to make a mess, it's me. I'm just clumsy in that sense. It's embarrassing. I also don't like when bread sticks to your mouth or gets in your teeth. Ick!They have beer, tea and many other beverages, however, I chose a water. I mean, after all, I picked up a bottle of wine for later. Besides, I'm a lightweight now  and drinking a beer on an empty stomach probably would have made me tipsy. Who really wants to get tipsy at the local pizzeria? I certainly don't! While I waited for my order, I browsed around, taking pictures. I checked out the pizzas they had just prepared. They looked really good. I'll have to come back for one of those on another day. I inquired as to how long they had been open because I couldn't find the restaurant in my check-in app. He told me they opened their doors two weeks ago. You can dine-in, order take-out or have it catered. They don't deliver at the moment, but stated that in the future, once business picks up, that will be an option. I sat down at my table, added their business and proceeded to check-in and then bookmark them so I could write my review later. My food was ready in about 10 minutes. For a simple sub sandwich, it looked really scrumptious. Fresh veggies, yummy deli turkey, soft bread with deli mustard - It was so good and filling. Oh and I managed to eat half of it mess-free! :-) I couldn't finish the entire thing. I had it wrapped and was out the door. The establishment is clean, although, I didn't check out the bathrooms. The staff is very cordial. Many people were coming in and out the door, considering they are new to the area. Come check them out if you live in the area!
<review# 271,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2013,2/28/2014,42,52,5,11,9>It blows me away that Big Bear only has 4 stars; If I could, I would give it 10! In the Coral Springs area, this is probably my favorite restaurant. Service: All the servers are super friendly, attentive, and extremely accommodating. They always do all they can to make sure the customer is happy. The food comes out of the kitchen quickly and accurately. Food: There is not one thing on the menu I have tried that isn't good. From their pasta dishes, to their phenomenal burgers, to their specials--everything is perfect. Creative, delicious, and properly prepared. Check out their deserts also, especially the crème brûlée.Ambiance: Although Big Bear is a "Brewing Company," there is no divey pub theme to worry about. The restaurant is clean and contemporary, and there are no awkwardly spaced tables either.Bottom line: No matter what you eat here or when you eat here, you will definitely leave happy and full.If I had to give one word of advice: since this restaurant is spectacular in every way, many people tend to flock here. Be sure to make a reservation for the weekends.
<review# 272,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/24/2013,2/27/2014,40,74,4,12,8>4 stars out of 183+ reviews? Obviously this place is great according to Yelpers...For those who gave it lower stars saying they've had better - well, yeah, in Miami where there's a cuban place on every corner you can find a restaurant to fit your tastes. But this is Hollywood.  It's really really difficult to find authentic cuban without traveling 30+ minutes south. So far it's the best cuban place in Hollywood for lunch/dinner.Laura was there and took our order and there was also a family from Houston having dinner and a airline stewardess either on a layover or she really did live in Hollywood...Laura chatting with them I overheard that her grandfather was a baker who owned a pretty large bakery in Cuba. (cool!)She slow roasts her pulled pork overnight so that when she opens at 11:30 there's no question what you're ordering for lunch. I got a medianoche (soooo good!) with beans and rice - sadly the rice wasn't cooked all the way through so it was a bit chewy.Husband got pounded chicken with moro (black beans, rice and chorizo), onions and sweet plantains. - I'll get the moro because just the flavor is so much better than the plain beans and rice.I can't wait to try their mamey shake and cafe con leche!So glad to have a great cuban place close by for dinner :)
<review# 273,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2014,2/26/2014,215,252,2,9,9>I am so appreciative of Motor City's manager, Gil, for restoring my faith in Motor City. He responded to my email without delay and agreed with my concerns about the quality of the service I received at my last visit in December. He offered to wash my car the way they're supposed to at no charge. After the holidays finally calmed down for me, I decided to take up his offer today and boy, am I sooooo pleased with the results. Gil happened to be working there today and actually took care of my car himself. He really got my car so clean and shiny, exceeding my expectations, and I am very appreciative of the trouble he went through to ensure that I am a satisfied customer.I am impressed with their service and for being able to exceed my expectations. This experience taught me that I shouldn't let my last experience affect my future decisions on who will be washing my car. It is likely that the guys who handled my car in December were in a hurry and slacked off to get as many cars through the queue as quickly as possible. *If your car isn't as clean as you expected it to be (remaining wax and un-vacuumed interiors), please ask for the acting supervisor or the manager, Gil, and they WILL correct the problem for you.Thank you, Gil, for the excellent service today and I will definitely be a repeat customer!
<review# 274,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2014,2/25/2014,129,102,3,12,7>Hands down, this is my go to Thai restaurant in Davie. Quick service, good food, cozy ambiance, clean restaurant - I can't ask for more!They ask you how spicy you want your dish on a scale of 1-5. I ordered my pad see ew noodles at a 3. My mouth was on fire! So my guess is that at a spicy level of 5, it might rip your hole in your stomach and burn your mouth. But if you're super human, go for the 5. If not, I'd say a 2 would be perfect to get the slight kick to your meal. Their pad see ew/drunken noodles (I learned different regions of the country call this dish something different. Now that I think about it, I think Bangkok Cafe calls it something else...) is really yummy. They serve large portions as well. I got to take leftovers home and eat it for dinner. I ordered my pad see ew with steamed tofu for about $12. If you order it with tofu you have a choice of steamed or fried. They also give you the option of different meats like chicken, pork and beef for a dollar or two more. The noodles also come with a side of rice. My friend ordered the red curry. Comes with rice. She ordered it with a spicy level of 3. Again, really spicy! But nonetheless, it was delicious. They bring out chips and dip before they bring you your meal for free. I can't figure out if I like the dip or not. Actually, I can't figure out what the dip is. It's kind of like a peanut sauce, but sweet. With a salty chip, it's an interesting mix of flavors. All in all, Bangkok Cafe is definitely a win!
<review# 275,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2013,2/24/2014,219,226,7,18,12>Practically hidden gem on Las Olas with a terrace over the private intercoastal.  Definitely pricey, but delicious.  Love the views!  Small cafe style with some seating indoors along with outdoor options.  A favorite among locals- we often come with our neighbors and other Las Olas Residents! Our orders ALWAYS consist of:- Lobster Roll Warm Appetizer ($25, but a huge portion! Could be a meal!)-  Basil Fried Rice- Caliente Rolls (Fried Red Snapper Roll)Beyond that we tend to vary between:- Toro Jalapeno Roll- Dragon Roll  (Shrimp Tempura)- Crunchy Shrimp Roll- Volcano Roll - Spider Roll (Soft Shell Crab Roll)- Sea Bass or Snapper in Basil, Ginger or Volcano SauceThere is no point getting the Pad Thai here-- you've had it before, it tastes great, but a million other venues make great tasting Pad Thai too.   Don't miss an opportunity to try one of their truly signature items! The service is always with a smile.  In fact, the owner or GM will likely come by and chat with you for a bit.   Once they get to know you, be prepared for special recommendations that will knock your socks off!
<review# 276,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2014,2/23/2014,118,115,5,9,6>Juice Therapy is my new favorite spot! It is conveniently close to both my job and work, and their manu is great! The cafe itself is decently sized and it is very clean and bright. I was greeted as soon as I walked in and staff is very friendly. For lunch I ordered the greek wrap. It came with falafel, feta, black olives, cucumbers, red onions, tahini (or hummus, not sure), tomatoes, and an assortment of lettuce. It ordered it on a spinach wrap. WOW is this wrap amazing. Seriously, one of the best wraps I have ever had, and not to mention it was HUGE! For my drink I ordered the sweet swamp! Really delicious, and I downed it pretty quick! Overall the food here is great. The price for the food is awesome, considering it is delicious and a large portion. I did think the price for the green juices were a little over priced, I got the small size and it was $6.99, but it was delicious! Can't wait to come back to this place and bring my family and friends. Keep up the deliciousness Juice Therapy!
<review# 277,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2013,2/22/2014,402,320,2,12,8>Last Friday, I came here for lunch with Brenna R. They have an inexpensive lunch menu with a few tasty vegetarian options.  I arrived first, and the waiter greeted me.  He told me that I can sit anywhere.  The place only had one other group there, so seating was plenty.  I had a seat as I waited for Brenna to show up.  When she arrived, we looked over the menu.  We decided to order two meals and split both of them.The two meals that we chose were the eggplant parmesan and pasta dish and the brie sandwich.  The eggplant parm came with plenty to eat.  I made sure the sauce was veg-friendly.  The waiter said they used to use bolognese, but now it is made with a pomodoro sauce. I found the eggplant dish to be fantastic.The brie sandwich was just that.  It was on a thick, delicious bread with only tomatoes.  I could see myself craving this sandwich again.Overall the place was nice.  I found the food to be good.  The service was friendly and we were in and out in no time.  I would come back again for lunch.
<review# 278,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2014,2/21/2014,163,126,5,13,9>A home run!  I came here after this place was only open 4 days and couldn't be happier that I did.  My friend shot me an email telling me that he saw this place and we should check it out.  After looking at the menu, I was intrigued. With a laid back feel and a simiplistic appearance, this unexpected gem along this industrial strip is going to be a hit.  We came for breakfast and weren't disappointed.  Besides the super-friendly awesome staff and the great writings on the blackboards that gave us a good chuckle, the food here was great!  One of the best parts is that they do something sooooo simple, yet so brilliant:  They will make anything you want if they can.  "We have a kitchen ya know."We both got strawberry banana smoothies to start...just perfect.  My friend had the English Breakfast which came with an awesome, smokey, tangy, spicy marmalade that matched perfectly with the sausage.  I had the "Naughty Waffle" which comes with fresh cut strawberries, homemade whipped cream, drizzled with Nutella and a banana which is split and caramelized on the grill.  AMAZING!  Seriously, this might have been the best waffle I've ever eaten.  Not because of the toppings, but the waffle was so perfectly cooked with the most well-balanced flavor.  Truly wonderful.  I can't wait to go back.  The lunch menu looked awesome too...I might have to go for a double dip one day soon.  I'm thinking more waffles for breakfast followed by some awesome sandwich I'm sure. Regardless, this place is a must visit.  Can't wait to go back.
<review# 279,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2013,2/20/2014,165,221,9,17,13>Usually, the day before we go on vacation I turn into a hungry beast. Not sure if its because of all the packing or if its because vacation liberates me from restraints. Either way, it was the day before a vacation and I was ready to pig out!We decided to go to Red Cow and off we drove through I-95. Its not super close to home, but the drive was not awful either. Upon our arrival, we were greeted by a very sweet hostess and an empty restaurant. I get nervous with empty restaurants, especially on a Thursday night, but all of our worries quickly disappeared.They have a wide variety of craft beers and offer some cool choices of sodas. I went for a red wine and my husband picked some weird beer...cant remember the name, We decided to start with the Frito Pie, which was interesting and yummy.For our meal,  we decided to go with an Eat More Meat platter, which our waiter assured us was enough for the two of us. We were a bit nervous as we both have big appetites but decided to trust him nonetheless. I am glad we did. It was definitely enough for both of us and everything was so delicious. Ive never been a fan of BBQ but Red Cow might have just converted me.I usually don't frequent bbq establishments because they seem to be a bit dirty and greasy, and God knows I hate greasy tables and sticky fingers. But red cow is not your typical bbq place. The tables were super clean, the service was on point, and I didnt have to worry about messy bbq sauce flying everywhere.
<review# 280,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2013,2/19/2014,57,63,2,14,11>One word, marvelous!I without a doubt enjoyed this restaurant and my experience here. I loved the view of the beach (despite the fact that it was dark) and the fire pits outside. Inside was just as amazing with the decor.We were sat down and a waiter popped up a minute later. I have never been to a restaurant where a waiter was so eager to help and very prompt.After the waiter answered my million-and-one questions regarding the food selections, I decided to get the tomato bread (which was basically bruschetta), Vietnamese wings, and paella.The tomato bread was amazing! It was packed with so much flavor for something so simple and was one of the best bruschetta dishes that I had.The wings had a nice little kick to it. One little bite and you can expect a burst of flavors from zesty to tangy. I'm not even a wings type of a girl but I could literally eat this all day.The "paella" dish was a little misleading. It was not the type of paella that I am accustomed to but it was still delightful. Instead of rice, the restaurant uses fregola pasta with a tomato sauce along with the seafood. I guess this is why this particular menu item is called "Seafood Paella Style."The only downfall for some may be the fact that the dessert menu is lacking. But the food here is so enjoyable that you might just forget all about dessert.However, if you're still craving a sweet tooth, I recommend getting a cappuccino or latte since the desserts around here may be a little too simplistic for the prices that they are offering (you're better off just making the majority of desserts at home or buying them somewhere else).It seems like I will become a regular here. I cannot wait to try out their brunch menu. :)
<review# 281,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2014,2/18/2014,36,136,3,10,8>My friends and I had been waiting for SaltWater to open up for months, so we were really excited to check it out last night. I had posted on their Facebook to make sure that they would be playing the National Title game, which they promptly responded that they would be.When we arrived, parking didn't seem to be a problem. All of the 'marked' spots were taken, but we followed suit with several other cars and parked on the grass. There weren't any No Parking or Tow Away signs so I think parking there is ok (no ticket the end of the night either). One couple ordered the flight and liked most of the beers they tried. Everyone else ordered the Flying Scottsmen and liked it so much that they continued to order it all night. As a non-beer drinker, I was a little bummed that all they had for me to drink was water. I'm not a snob though and knew I was coming to a brewery, so I didn't expect much, but hoped they'd at least have soft drinks. I spoke with one of the owners on my way out and he said that in a few weeks they will have a selection of 11 different wines, as well as soft drinks. He said that they are trying to focus on their beer in the first few weeks of opening. I appreciated this :) We really enjoyed the atmosphere here! Unlike Due South, it is very clean and air conditioned inside (the clean part might change over time). We really liked hanging out on the couches and watching the game as if we were at home!Our only real complaint was that they closed at 10:00pm. Maybe this will change over time or maybe it was because it was a Monday night, but we had to leave while the game was in the middle of the second quarter and our group thought it was quite the 'buzz kill'. We look forward to frequenting SaltWater while it's still a hidden gem!!
<review# 282,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2013,2/17/2014,34,78,2,8,9>The reviews speak the truth! If it's a special occasion and you're looking to truly enjoy yourself and spend a little but extra, this is the place! We went to celebrate my husband's 35th and buying our first home! Their homemade pasta was outstanding. We enjoyed a starter of the ribeye cap and the sweet breads. Both were delectable.  If one had no idea what sweet bread was and simply ordered this dish blindly they would've been blown away! The ribeye cap was equally tasty, proving that whatever one orders, one can't go wrong!For main courses we had the cavetelli and  orecchiette. The orecchiette had a lamb sausage that complimented the pasta perfectly, while capturing the true flavors one would expect from a lamb sausage. My husband's cavatelli had osso bucco which was amazing. Our server was attentive and helpful in recommending exactly what we wanted while helping to ensure our wine glasses and cocktails were well tended!Overall, I can't wait to return and I highly recommend all considering eating here decide to throw out the budget for one night and dine in culinary bliss!
<review# 283,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2013,2/16/2014,74,96,3,9,7>This place is like a fine wine. It just gets better with age. I love everything about it: the food is delicious, the menu is easy on the wallet, its located a short walk from the beach, & great seating options: regular tables or grab a seat at their lux patio furniture in a sandy area with huge umbrella shades.......you can't ask for more!I highly recommend taco Tuesday, the grilled corn, and the drinks! Portions are very generous and the staff are friendly. Don't know what to choose? Just ask Jesse! *** so sorry if I wrote your name wrong here. He doesn't just throw out personal suggestions, but rather gets a feel for your taste buds and recommends something to please them. Did I mention that he he makes exceptional drinks too! I've been here many times before and will keep singing their praise and introducing my peps to this amazing spot!
<review# 284,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2013,2/15/2014,412,333,5,11,8>Returned for lunch and watched the flow of lunch orders being called in and picked up.  The sushi chefs were prepping the seafood and tofu at the counter so as you order the sights and smells will tempt you to try something new from this great spot. I opted to dine-in and ordered the Salmon Teriyaki.  The filet was tasty and served over white rice (and lots of it) with the Teriyaki sauce on the side and a lemon wedge (which should accompany every fish dish in my book). The miso soup was rich in flavor and oh so good, as was the side of seaweed salad and side salad of lettuce, cucumber, tomato with a creamy ginger dressing that accompanied the main course. A filling lunch served fast and most importantly, fresh and priced right. Ask about their daily specials which on this day was a shrimp stir-fry.  My only wish is that they served Matcha Green Tea.Look for it next door to Einsteins Bagels and TMobile in the CVS shopping plaza on the northwest corner of Broward Blvd. and US1.
<review# 285,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2013,2/14/2014,187,216,3,7,6>I've got a passion. That passion is for Craft beer specifically. It's just because it takes you out of the monotony of having the same old tasting carbonated adult beverage. When it comes to fulfilling my beer senses, Funky Buddha Brewery has got it down packed! I love their selection and their ingenious use of ingredients. They just know how to bring out some incredible flavors and combinations that will attract just about anybody...even the non beer connoisseur. But I really do think you need to enjoy beer in order to really understand and appreciate craft brews. My first experience.I fell into heaven while I sipped into my coma of coco-nutty flavors and white chocolate hints of their White Snow. They don't always have it, so get it if they do.But my all time favorite craft brewski that I always enjoy is an IPA. N matter where, I've gotta have one.  It's that bitterly hoppy taste that stays in your palate that keeps you wanting more of the taste, sip after sip.  Their Hop Gun IPA is excellent! Very refreshing and just hopped perfectly. Now they upped their game and added blood orange to their Hop Gun and created what is known as More More IPA.  This is their Hop Gun with a twist. A citrus one! As soon as you brung that sifter glass towards your nose, that blood orange hits you square in your nostrils and lets you know it's there!!Espresso Nitro - great espresso flavors. Definitely for the coffee drinkers! Great aroma and very smooth. Great balance.Nothing better to wind down the evening with a brew and some simple games. In the brewery, they've got bocce, foosball table, and corn hole toss. Along with a variety of board games and a couple of giant Jenga towers. No food is served at the establishment, but you are welcome to bring your own, order delivery or from time to time there is a food truck right outside for your convenience.  Best thing is...worry free parking...anywhere in the vicinity.
<review# 286,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2014,2/13/2014,176,128,10,14,13>E-A-G-L-E-S EAGLES!!!That's right folks! This would be an Eagles bar!Literally the best place to go for Eagles games!Being that my husband and I are diehard Eagles fans and find it innapropriate to scream at the top of our lungs in other bars i'd have to say we fit in well here.Why? You ask?...1. Eagles fans just as crazy as us.2. Jello shots every touchdown!3. Eagles fight song is played after every touchdown.4. Best Philly Cheesesteaks around!I must warn you this place gets packed if you do not show up early and the fact that you have to find a spot AND pay for parking makes it that much more difficult. BUT once you step inside The Parrot you will soon forget about the stress you had to go through to make it just in time for kickoff.Heres what to do if you plan on heading to The Parrot:1. Arrive at least one hour early!2. Bring lawn chair and sit outside to watch the game. There are tvs outside if you happen to be late.3. Order a darn Cheesesteak! I've tried Philly Cheesesteaks at other restaurants but i'd have to say this one takes the cake. Why wouldn't it? It's the perfect Philly bar!With it being off season and all (boo!) I haven't stopped by to check this joint out. BUT you will most definitely be seeing me there on game days going crazy in my gear! An awesome sandwich, drink specials and my Eagles fam is more than enough for me to come back! Woohoo!
<review# 287,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2013,2/12/2014,271,213,3,10,5>Finally an outdoor Farmers Market in plantation/sunrise area.  This FM is relatively new in the area and I hope more people will stop by in the future so we can keep it alive for the community.  I loved chickadee hummus co. - the owner, Matthew Friend is definitively up to something great. Unfortunately for us, he was all sold out on his products, granted we were there late, nevertheless we got some samples in. My favorite flavor profile must have been the lemon hummus hands down, while my husband loved the broccoli.  I only eat broccoli when I have to, and I won't put it in my hummus. End of story! :) The black bean and roasted garlic variations were good too. Next stop was the charming booth of Nisha's chutneys and dips. Too bad that she did not have any more whole wheat naan. She was the most charming of all the sales people there.  When it comes to passion for the product - she was the frontrunner  and she was not even the creator. Go by her booth, she will make you try lots of yummy pumpkin stuffed naan with vegetable medley and their specialty sauces.  I bought the Jalapeno and the Apple Green Chili Chutney.  So far the Jalapeno is being used by me almost daily.  So good.  Price $6 a jar.Craftedhouse convinced me to add yet another jelly to my collection only because it was a spicy one - habanero at that. Andrea Galvez and Camilo Quinones have great products and are passionate about what they are doing.  Their flavor profiles are extremely interesting.  Check them out at craftedhouse.comPrice about $6/jar as well.We also purchased some different salts from a spice stand.  While we loved David who explained everything to us, we believe that the spices need to be displayed better and with clearer descriptions.  The way the loose spices and teas were presented did not make me want to buy more.  We were able to get black, pink himalayan and smoked salt. I was excited to find the grass-fed beef booth on site, but unfortunately I had no luck with that. When you go onto the website it s one of the main ones posted there and they were not there. Not sure, if we were just late and they had already left.  The vegetable booths were handled by extremely apathetic sales people, but some of the produce was priced fair and I was able to get a bunch of golden beets for $3.00.
<review# 288,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2014,2/11/2014,117,213,1,10,5>I needed a place to eat as my car was being maintenanced at the Auto Nation dealership across the street, and I saw this place. I have never noticed it prior despite my frequent travels down this portion of Federal Highway.I grabbed a Chef salad, which was really good, but I look forward to returning and trying some of the French bakery. Everything looked really good.They have indoor seating in two sections, plus outdoor cafe seating. I'll make sure to update my stars following a couple more extended visits. I had to make my way back to car dealership and was rushed to make a decision on what to eat................ Update on day 2 visit ..................Okay, I returned today following my routine Saturday jog on Fort Lauderdale Beach. I wasn't as rushed today and ordered some bakery.The chocolate-filled croissant was the highlight. The chocolate filling was really good. The croissant was flakey and fresh. Really good.I also ordered sour dough bread. The bread was good, but very light. In comparing it to Grand Forno's version, there is no comparison. I would select Grand Forno's because it's a fuller, richer sour dough. It's a matter of taste, I think. I like the Italian over the French version.I dipped the bread in a combination of evoo and strawberry balsamic vinaigrette, and it didn't hold up well.But, like I said, the croissant was truly fantastic. I'm looking forward to trying other croissants.
<review# 289,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/21/2013,2/10/2014,118,158,3,9,4>I just went for the first time today but I've had it bookmarked since it opened. I went with my family at lunchtime and I was surprised at how empty it was. All the great lunch spots in Weston are usually packed by noon!  But, I know that Yelp never lets me down and this place has a ton of great reviews so I wasn't scared.......much.As we walked in, we were pleasantly surprised by being greeted with smiling faces and enthusiastic "Hello"s by every single person in the establishment. I'm Asian so I can say this, but Asian restaurants are definitely NOT known for their warm hospitality! Am I right?!We ordered the avocado egg rolls to start; I got a brown rice dish with miso soy and my hubby got a noodle dish with the butter sriracha sauce. Everything was quite tasty! And FRESH! Oh my, I am really mad at myself for waiting so long to try this place. I do believe this will become part of my regular lunchtime go-tos now! There are sooo many things I need to try here.....
<review# 290,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/23/2013,2/9/2014,206,12,2,12,7>Wow is all I can say for how delicious these Macaron were. We ordered a box of 12 which is $24.00. They aren't too cheap but they are hand made and require a lot of attention to detail. All of them were gone in a matter of 15 minutes! We got two Colombian coffee, basil white chocolate, vanilla, two chocolate, two hazelnut, passion fruit, coconut, salted carmel, ginger bread. The flavors I will definitely get again are chocolate, vanilla, salted caramel, and hazelnut. Basil white chocolate was very interesting because of the strong delicious flavor of the basil mixed with the white chocolate filling makes for an interesting combination! I will definitely come back soon to try more flavors and of course my favorites but also try some of their beautiful looking artisan chocolates. They almost look too beautiful to eat... "Almost". I highly recommend this place to anyone who loves a great hand made dessert. They aren't too sweet and heavy which is great because trust me, you will want more because they are just that good.The owner is also very friendly and welcoming right from when you walk into the store. His authentic French accent adds to the experience and authenticity of the store.
<review# 291,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2013,2/8/2014,561,133,8,12,9>I love this Italian market. The bakery is awesome. They make the best cannolis you will find in Florida and their rugelach is just as good as any Jewish Bakery, if not better. My boyfriend loves their cookies which I think are very good too. The deli just can't be beat. They have assorted salads, cheeses and cold cuts. They will make any kind of sandwich or sub for you and customize it any way you like. My favorite is the chicken salad. All their salads and prepared foods are homemade using fresh quality ingredients. The sub rolls are baked fresh everyday in their bakery. They do take phone orders, so if your in a rush just call it in & it will be ready for you. My boyfriend is a fan of their potato salad & I love their colelaw. Honestly, you can't go wrong with any of their salads. Everything is made fresh and they are all great. They also do catering.The deli also serves prepared dishes that are made fresh throughout the day. The eggplant parmesan is to die for. In my opinion it is better than what most restaurants serve. Chicken parmesan, lasagna, broiled chicken, grilled pork chops, penne alla vodka, sausage & peppers, eggplant rolatini, meatballs & chicken meatballs are just some of the dishes they offer. All items are served by the pound. I find their prices to be extremely reasonable considering everything is homemade. Now the produce department is hit or miss. Most of the time I do really well & have left with delicious sweet berries and juicy watermelon. They also have a seafood department as well as a meat department with several butchers working the counter. An added plus is that they do have a few grocery isles to pick up random items. I am sure you would be able to find whatever you needed without having to make an extra stop at Publix.Parking is easy, the market is clean & they even sell flowers. How can you go wrong?
<review# 292,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2014,2/7/2014,370,102,7,12,9>It's so hard to find really good asian food out here period, so going anywhere here in SoFlo is a bit of a gamble. Luckily we stumbled onto Myung Ga Tofu. When you first walk in you notice there are a good amount of Asians that patron this place so that already was a good sign. Second is the cleanliness and modern design. Service here is good and attentive. When I go to Korean restaurant I right away look for Dolsot Bibimbab - Rice with vegetables & beef in hot stone pot. Dolsot dishes are always my favorite to order just because I love my food piping hot when it comes out. Throw a raw egg on top and watch the stone pot cook it, sauce it up, mix it, and push some of that rice to the side so some of it turns up crispy.  That's how you eat dolsot! I also had the opportunity to try the Bulgogi kuksu, an okay dish but not a fan of sweet marinaded noodles in large portions.  Coming to Florida, I almost feel like I've had to lower my expectation of what good asian food is a few bars. Luckily for me, this place happened to be a rare find that stands out and I would definitely come back to.
<review# 293,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2014,2/6/2014,80,146,4,10,10>I recently co-hosted a bridal shower here and was really pleased with the venue.  The location was very pretty and there were lots of large windows that overlooked the well-manicured golf course.  We didn't have to do much to dress it up to look like a bridal shower - a few centerpieces and favors and we were done! We opted for their lunch buffet option and the food was better than I expected (i.e. not the bland/generic buffet options you get at a place like the Signature Grand).  The staff and servers were extremely helpful and made sure we were well taken care of throughout the event.  The venue is THISCLOSE to being perfect except for a bridal shower except for the fact that their largest room is only semi-private.  They had a large wall partition but it didn't cover the entire area so all of the patrons in the restaurant area could see everything going on.  It wasn't horrible but I did think to myself a few times that it would be nicer and prettier if they found a way to make the room completely private.  Other than that, it was a great experience!
<review# 294,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2013,2/5/2014,124,34,8,10,10>Blue Moon Fish Co has been my go to seafood place for special occasions from high school graduations, to birthday dinners, and Father's Day festivities...or for just a killer piece (with a not so skimpy portion) of good fish. Sea Bass is my personal favorite fish, with a well cooked Salmon in a close second, and their Macadamia nut crusted Chilean Sea Bass is on the top 3 favorite I've ever had. When you still can remember what a dish tastes like off of pure memory, you know it left a good one. The restaurant is right on the intercoastal with a casual atmosphere, or you can dress it up if you so desire (it's fort lauderdale beach, we all know anything really goes) and it's right next to Commercial Beach so you can go for a nice walk after. A little gem of a seafood spot if you ask me, never had a bad meal here. Do yourself a favor though and ORDER THE SEA BASS!
<review# 295,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2013,2/4/2014,563,515,16,12,10>This may be too much information, but its the only way I can express the awesomeness at Alegria tacos. You have been warned reader.ALTERNATE UNIVERSEIn this world, my stomach is made of steel. I can eat curry for dinner followed by liquor all night and wake up the next day to pancakes following breakfast with raspberry habanero red ale for lunch at Funky Buddha Brewery.In this world, my stomch is at the mercy of my command. I make the call for bathroom time.Unfortunately for me ......REALITYA big dose of reality hit me the morning after a night of curry and drinking. Morning pancakes did not help the cause. By the time, it was time to go to Funky Buddha for lunch; I had felt as if I were married to the seat of my toilet. This did not stop me from indulging in some Maple Bacon Porter and Fire in the Hole, which was the perfect name for my morning predicament.Naturally, my friends and I got hungry. My stomach was horrified when my friend mentioned Alegria Tacos, a Mexican joint. Sadly for my stomach, I had been curious about this joint.We walked into this small taco place and we were welcomed with kindness by the owner. I ordered a Chicken and two Lengue (tounge) tacos. All the food came out very quickly, at Usain Bolt times. I went to pickup my taco when my stomach screamed, "please no", unfortunately, for it I took my first bite of lengue. The lengue was one one of the best damn tacos I have tasted in my life. After scarfing the first taco down, it was on to the chicken. This chicken was just as amazing. What was most amazing about this experience, besides the food and service,  was my stomach actually handled the food well. I think that is a great sign of top notch Mexican food. In then end, my stomach was happy.
<review# 296,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2014,2/3/2014,87,128,5,8,7>After reading all the great reviews we had to give this place a try. I'm no Mexican cuisine restaurant but I have to say this place did have an authentic taste/feel to their menu.  No tex mex staples here....  Plus, the owners were so attentive and charming. The entire staff was very kind and friendly. I had the the Sopesitos - kind of like a sampler (3 corn dough boats with chicken mole, roasted pork, and chrorizo and potatoes). They were pretty good, but they weren't served with any lime or spicy sauces. Fortunately they serve chips and tomatillo sauce (not regular salsa) -  their tomatillo sauce was delicious so I added that to my sopesitos for an extra kick. Husband had the chicken enchiladas with green mole sauce. Those were delicious. The chicken was so tender - it melted in your mouth. And the mole was amazing. I would honestly give them 5 stars if they were to improve their guacamole.  This guacamole was definitely lacking in flavor (and served in a tiny portion, to boot!). I poured some of the tomatillo sauce and it did improve it. I was too stuffed to get dessert, but next time I want to try the homemade churros and flan.
<review# 297,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/15/2013,2/2/2014,284,181,4,7,4>I'm so excited we don't have to go all the way up to Boca to have Italio! I'm a total sucker for pasta (okay carbs in general are my weakness) so having a pasta version of a Chipotle is awesome! I couldn't believe for the grand opening Italio was doing a free food event, but I was definitely willing to stand in line for that! The line was fairly long when we got there, but the staff definitely brought their A-game and got people through the line pretty fast! The thing I love is everything is fresh. You can choose from 3 different options, either a pasta bowl, a wrap or a salad. I've never had anything but the pasta bowl so I don't know now the other two are. You get a choice of two different pastas (whole wheat or regular) hot or cold sauces, veggies  and then cheese. They also have appetizers and dessert. The Italio stick (basically a pizza roll with pepperoni and cheese) is a great starter and the calamari without cherry peppers is delicious too. My personal favorite though is the cannoli chips (cannoli shells cut into chip shape served with the sweet cream filling as a dip). Much easier to eat and the shell doesn't break after he first bite. So glad this location opened and now I can add it to my regular places to eat! Would definitely recommend to friends!
<review# 298,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/25/2013,2/1/2014,381,162,6,9,7>China Taste is my all time favorite Chinese take-out joint in the area. I've been ordering from several restaurants in the area and was disappointed with the food until I found China Taste.  First off, the delivery is super fast! On a Friday night, me and my mother usually order around 5:45-6:00pm and get our delivery well before 6:30pm. That's a big plus for me because I hate waiting for my food longer than I have to. Secondly, the food is great. Some of their items are hits and misses, such as the sesame chicken- definitely not their best dish. But the crab rangoons and steamed dumplings are the deal! The dumplings are fresh and the sauce it comes with is great as well. Their won ton soup is one of my favorites, too. The broth is not too salty and the won tons are huge! I usually order the boneless ribs with white rice and it has to be the best Chinese take-out boneless ribs I've ever had. The white rice is sticky (just how I like it) & the ribs itself are chunky. If you are looking for great take out & super fast delivery for Chinese food in the immediate Pembroke Pines area, you must try China Taste! Enjoy!
<review# 299,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2014,1/31/2014,632,223,6,13,8>When I lived in NYC I lived within walking distance to a dog park and went almost every day.  The park didn't have grass.  There wasn't a doggy water fountain. The people who went were not so friendly.  This is why I have held off going so long.  Thankfully none of this is the case at Oakridge Dog Park.  There are two sections of the park.  One is completely gated in with a water fountain and there is also a hose and place to wash dogs down.  This smaller area is all grass and there are a few benches for people to sit on.   There is also a stand with a trash bag dispenser and garbage can. The bigger area has a walkway and a lake.  People were playing with frisbees in this area.  Just waiting to park we waved at a neighbor.  When we got out of the car someone who got there at the same time started a conversation about the park and our dogs were playing as soon as we got though the gates.  All the dogs were friendly and well behaved and their owners were too!
<review# 300,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2013,1/30/2014,13,12,6,10,7>I was anxious for this location to open so I could give it a try.  I finally saw the other week that the shop was open and gave it a try for lunch.  I'm pleased to report that the wait was worth it!  The place was extremely clean and the staff was all very friendly.  The menu is fairly extensive which is not what you usually find in sub shops.  Luckily a young girl behind the counter must have saw my overwhelmed look (I actually couldn't decide on what to try first because too many things sounded good) and offered to walk me through the menu.  I decided for my first time to keep it classic:  Turkey Club on wheat.  Hands down the best I've had in a long time.  I can't pinpoint why it was so good but I think my favorite part of the sub was the soft fresh bread.  I'm a sucker for good bread (who isn't?)  My sister who was with me got a small philly cheese and when we got our food she said "THAT'S a small?  I can't eat all that!"  The portion sizes were bigger than I had expected considering the prices.  I would highly recommend this place for lunch or a casual dinner.  Oh and definitely get at least one chocolate chip cookie for dessert.  :-)
<review# 301,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2013,1/29/2014,292,387,15,16,14>GOOD GOSH... That's a HUGE SLAB OF MEAT ! ! ! First impressions need to be withheld because I was sure I was going to "dislike"... the decor is extremely dated and something about me says "old decor means old kitchen and maybe that corresponds with crappy food"Put the brakes on right there though... the food MORE than made up for the lack of modern amenities. ! ! ! BIG MEAT....  Forget the taste, let's talk about SIZE...  I ordered the Prime Rib (which was highly suggested by the server).   HOLY MOTHER OF....  it's so FRIGGIN' BIG... like scary big ! ! ! BIG TASTE...  Contrary to many debates throughout time, "it's not all about the size"...  this mega carcass was SUPERB... DELICIOUS... JUICY... DELIGHTFUL... MEMORABLE... ET CETERAAfter eating I totally debate my own opinion of the dated decor... no one serves crazy sized, unhealthy red meats to this extreme these days.  It's a part of a style of dinning from yesteryear;  so why modernize the joint, it's reminiscent of what once was popular.  Keep the old style if that means I get to keep eating over-sized slabs of meat loaded with everything my cardiologist would lecture me about.  You want more???  NOPE... I'm leaving you with thoughts of the only thing that counts... BIG JUICY MEAT ! ! !Definitely worth a visit... not cheap, but worth a visit ! ! !
<review# 302,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/24/2013,1/28/2014,269,374,5,11,5>After reading the raving reviews, I was expecting a fancy stand-alone hand car wash, which is why I couldn't find it at first. It's on the Valero gas station property, right next to it, with no signage from 18th St.I didn't get to take a look at their packages, so all I said was that I just wanted the exterior done. My car was filthy. I had taken it back and forth from Tampa twice before coming here, so it had bugs all over the place. Yuck. He told me it'd be $15. Looking at the picture posted here of the package deals, the exterior only one is listed as $11 "& up." So just be warned that the price probably depends on the size of your vehicle. (I drive an SUV, which I assume makes it $4 more?)It was a little weird because they told me to stay in the car as they washed it. It didn't too take long, though. Plus, I got to see them do their work. I noticed after the initial soap and rinse, there were still some marks stuck to the windshield. I thought they would leave it, and I'd have to live with it. Wrong. He even sprayed it and used a blade to scratch it off. That's when I was won over.Although there were still some bug marks on the hood, I was pretty satisfied with the outcome. I'm definitely taking my car back again to try their interior clean, as well.
<review# 303,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2013,1/27/2014,62,56,5,7,5>So we voted to have our Christmas Company dinner here and lets just say it was the best decision everrrrrrr!!!!Happy hour was so alive for a Thursday.  We decided to get some drinks before the whole group arrive.  I ordered the Tropical Rita and it was gross.  It was so strong and bitter it was lacking some sort of sweetness.  The drink prices  for "Specialty Cocktails" were $12.00 each.  I though it was pretty pricey to not like it.  I'm not usually the type to complain about it so  I did attempt to drink it but that was a failed.   My other coworkers ordered a Pear Martini- DELICIOUS!! and Cheery Cosmo also pretty good. Once the group arrived we were seated promptly.  They require reservations for bigger groups.  I would recommend it as this place seems to be very busy at all times.  Our waitress was awesome!! She was so attentive and made us feel very comfortable, even took plenty of pictures for us!!!Ok are you ready for our order!!?? Mine you did got it all correct so that was a score!!Appetizers:- Eggplant Pancakes $13- amazing burst of taste. It was breaded to perfection. Feta/Asiago/ Parmesan/ Fresh Mozzarella served with San Marzano Asiago Tomato Syrup- Crispy Fried Calamari $12- you can never go wrong with calamari. Fresh Lemons/ Marinara Sauce-Bruschetta Pizza $10- fresh, full of tomatoes, lightly cheese and crispy, I could eat some right now. Fresh Chopped Tomatoes/ Basil/ Garlic and Gorganzola Cheese- Toasted Cheese Fondue Ravioli $12- these were ok, not my favorite, they were missing more flavor.  They seem so plain to me. OH! let me now forget to mention their breads, they brought out this pretzel like bread- yummy, plain rolls- yummy, BUT THE GARLIC/ PESTO bread was do delicious if I could only have that I would not be disappointed.  I think I ate like 4 rolls by myself, that's how amazing they were. Now DINNER!!We each ordered the Italian Feast Dish $22-23.00.  This meal is to serve for days.  It's a deep dish bowl served with lasagna, bake ziti, egg plant, sausage, 1 huge meatball, ravioli and LOADED on cheese.  I was so much food I'm still eating it! (of course I froze it lol). This plate is so big I would say 2-3 people could easily share it. With dinner we decided to try some more drinks, we ordered the Espresso Me and it was heaven in our mouth.  This was by far my favorite drink of the night.  The waitress was so kind that she realized I didn't like my first drink and gave me the second drink for free!!! She said they prefer to make the customer's happy than to be unsatisfied.  I thought that was awesome! Finally! I'm full just typing this review up..we ordered dessert.  We ordered 2 of the berries.  It was perfect as we were so full we couldn't have had some monstrous dessert.  they were strawberries, blue berries and raspberries served in a sweet yogurt.  PERFECT!!!Everyone must try this place out! They prices are great and the quantities are ridiculous!
<review# 304,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/1/2014,1/26/2014,112,255,1,11,4>I've lived here all my life and have never ate at Tropical Acres before. Friends and family always gave me mixed reviews on this place, so we decided to finally try it for ourselves. Atmosphere - Old Florida and homey. Very clean.Service - Excellent. We had 2 servers that were both helpful with our food choices and attentive with all of our needs. The hostess was also super welcoming and friendly. She went out of her way to search for matchbooks in the back room for us....thank you!Food - Good! We split a sampler appetizer which was a generous amount of food. We were pleased with everything that came with it. I had the prime rib for dinner. The meat was moist and easy to cut, most importantly it was flavorful. Baked potato was plain, nothing to write home about. For dessert I had the chocolate cake...oh man. It was delicious. My date was happy with his food choice as well. His porterhouse steak was tasty, but could have used more spices. His dessert choice was a key lime pie that was extremely good. Not too sweet, not too tart.Overall we had a nice time and will be back!
<review# 305,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2014,1/25/2014,236,186,10,16,12>So I fell asleep last night at 8pm and subsequently woke up at 4am this morning. With nothing to do and having been wanting to participate in Order the Yelp, I get ready and make the 1-hour drive to Mojo. The place is located in a very simple plaza in a crazy busy street. We walked in and the nice lady behind the counter seemed like she had a few extra espresso shots that morning-- after a short exchange of words, she began naming every single kind of donut behind the glass. I don't know if it was too early for me or maybe I was too preoccupied admiring the dozens of types of donuts in front of me, but at one point I got a bit dizzy trying to keep up with her haha. We ended up trying the crème brûlée, banana pudding, and one of the Yelp donuts (they had 2, both highlighting pistachio). I really liked all of them and my only criticism is that I would have preferred the dough to be a little lighter and fluffier (and a little more filling compared to the amount of dough). Also, I would have preferred them to be a little smaller so I could have ordered half a dozen and tried more flavors (especially since they have so many).I am a fan of this place because it represents something that South Florida really lacks. It's rare to see entire stores or bakeries dedicated to a sole product. I think it's a great concept because it really shows how passionate they are about food. When true passion is behind a product, everything else just falls into place and Mojo Donuts is a perfect example of this. It feels like they became a South Florida gem almost instantly and their rating on here speaks for itself.P.S. check in to get a free donut!
<review# 306,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2014,1/24/2014,309,218,6,10,6>I tried Fascino's, a fairly new restaurant on the Hollywood scene this past Saturday night.  I took my mom there for her birthday dinner.  When we arrived at 7:30 it was VERY crowded.  When we were trying to enter the door couldn't even close behind us because many people were speaking to the hostess about tables.  This is former home of Fulvios, and a great location, but it is an intimate setting and I had never seen it so full.  Despite our 7:30 reservation we had to wait 20 minutes at the crowded bar for a table.  No problem.  We ended up getting a very choice booth for just the two of us.  The service was a bit chaotic.  Not bad, just confusing.  It seemed like many different people were coming to our table besides the main server, who was Italian and difficult to understand at times.  This restaurant is definitely on the higher end.  A thick wine list, a fairly extensive menu of fresh fish, Italian favorites, pastas, veal, different chops, lobster, etc.  I had the Veal Oscar with Hollandaise sauce with asparagus and garlic mash.  Very good, tender veal - but not much of it.  The Caesar salad was just okay.  My mom's "Harrison on the Beach" chicken pasta was nice and she really enjoyed it.  This is a great environment - it almost feels like dining in a large city.  Unfortunately service seemed to drop off toward the end of the meal, and I thought it was a bit rude that they were breaking down tables right in front of us at 9PM on a Saturday.  A few kinks to work out but all in all this restaurant could be one of the better places for a nice dinner in downtown Hollywood.
<review# 307,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/18/2013,1/23/2014,120,75,6,7,6>So it all started when I was craving conchitas a la parmesana/broiled scallops with parmesan cheese. I looked up Peruvian restaurants and came across Gran Chimu who had the scallops/conchitas listed on their Yelp menu. I was stoked & we headed there for dinner. I didn't even open the menu when we got there 'cause I knew exactly what I was having....until, the waiter said they don't make it. After screaming "Noonoonoooooo!" a la Shia Labeouf style in all of his movies, I came back to my senses and opened the menu, shakingly, to look for something else. I may have exaggerated this just a bit. Anyways, they have a new menu, so I suggest you go straight to their website to get their current menu (for discounts as well!). I decided to order the Fried Calamari and Yuca, topped with red onions that were perfectly marinated with a hint of lime and cilantro. (Ask for their tartar sauce!) My husband had the Lomo Saltado/Black Angus beef tenderloin stripes with sauteed onions, tomatoes, french fries, and rice. He really enjoyed it and I also thought it tasted yummy. All in all, we had a good meal with good service. I may have not gotten my Conchitas, but that only means the search will continue!
<review# 308,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2013,1/22/2014,83,105,1,12,3>I've been itching to go to Sweetwater Grill for a while, so even though I was exhausted after a double work shift, I dragged my bf here because I was starving. The inside is very hipster chic, with whiskey bottles lining the bar and ceiling. The tables are kinda smushed together so it feels cramped if you sit anywhere but the bar. Seems like the bar is the place to be, you get a first hand look at the bartenders (they call themselves mixologists) making exotic, quirky and downright strange cocktails. The lighting is very dim and if there were less people it could be romantic, so you might want to gauge the time to go.Food. Well the menu is small but jam-packed with interesting and delicious delights. We ordered the Mahi Tacos, The Hotdog and a side of Truffle fries. Needless to say all three were scrumptiously delicious! I inhaled everything, thank god my bf didn't have much of an appetite that day, because I polished his off too.The Mahi tacos were moist, warm, and bursting with flavor. Since there was only two they were gone in seconds, did I mention I was starving? haha! The hot dog was the bank for your buck. It was huge, covered in chili and homemade slaw - so yummy. So lastly, the hit of the night for me has to be the truffle fries - OMG, they were something else. There was crumbled cheese over, which I think was Romano, the bf thought it was Parmesan, either way, the strong cheese flavor totally paired off with the earthy truffle flavor of the steaming fries. I would go back in a heartbeat for the fries alone.So as for the cocktails, I had one the waitress recommended, which I have to say was yucky and even at $12, I left it. I have to say I'm not an adventurous drinker, fruity flavors for me is a wild night, but I am willing to challenge myself to try something crazy every time I go back to Sweetwater Grill, well because... YOLO.
<review# 309,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2013,1/21/2014,48,93,6,10,5>Another nice find. This one is owned by a family from Trinidad. Although they serve up similar dishes, there is slight difference between the curries and flavors used in Trinidadian and Jamaican or Guyanese cuisines. Trinidad and Guyanese cuisine have more Indian influence in their spices and even food items such as Roti or Paranthas. The menu is pretty simple as you expect at a Caribbean place. Although its placed pretty high up. There are enough tables and chairs to dine-in. Its advisable to call before you go as they could be closed or be out of the item you want. After a couple of visits, we have become regulars at Priya's Roti Shop. I am crazy about the appetizers Aloo Pie (Spices mashed potatoes filling in a fried dough) served with some tamarind is fantastic. The Doubles (spiced chick-pea fillings in a fried dough) is fabulous. Although they are quite big, just eating one of each is injustice. The craving intensifies after eating one. Dhal Roti (Lentil stuffed Bread) and Paranthas have been awesome. They make it fresh upon order and is steaming hot. Tastes just like homemade. The Curry Chicken was delicious almost outstanding the first couple of times. Since then, it has been a little on and off. Its highly recommended to sample the curry of your liking before ordering. Any curry comes with an Aloo Curry (Potato Curry) which is too good and I'm salivating while writing this already. The Jerk chicken and Curry Goat tastes good too. They have vegetarian options as well. The prices are really cheap and the family that owns the place are genuine and friendly people. The place is clean and tidy and its in a strip mall but is not in a dark and shady place. Until I go pigging there again. Hoepfully soon.
<review# 310,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2014,1/20/2014,233,409,4,9,3>Having moved to the "country" I was expecting to not have many good sushi choices this far west.  Eating at Sushi Sake did not do anything to ease my fears that I would have to venture back east of I-95 to get any decent sushi.Lo and behold in the strip mall next to my Publix there is sushi gold to be found in Southwest Ranches!I've had takeout here several times but every time I've come in to pick up my order this place has been packed.  I guess now I know where all the soccer moms in the burbs go for a night out haaaaaaaayyy!Blue Ginger has a pretty nice interior with the boats floating around the bar for self-serve sushi.  Based on my takeout experience though, the a-la carte rolls are legit.Some favorites rolls are the Sexy Tuna, Florida Roll and Spicy Girl.  All were very good and the fish here is great quality. I would say that my favorite roll would be the Ocean Drive Roll.  You get both tuna and Yellowtail with avocado in a soy wrap instead of rice.  The cilantro, lime, and chili oil really give this roll a unique bright and silky taste which is out of this world.The prices are not exactly cheap but for this high quality stuff this far west I'll be a repeat customer. Thanks Blue Ginger for making my move to the burbs more tolerable!!
<review# 311,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2013,1/19/2014,251,189,6,7,5>The food that I had at Green Bar was delicious!This wonderful vegan restaurant is tucked away in a plaza on SE 17th Street so you could easily miss it - try not to!  The food and staff are wonderful!I came here with Jacquelyn M. and enjoyed their GBK burger with their house made green tea while she enjoyed a buffalo tempeh sandwich and a side of chik'n strips.  Both of them came with tasty side salads.  So good!  I always appreciate a business that will make a delicious and creative homemade veggie (or in this case vegan) burger without trying to sell me a store bought Boca patty.  And this burger was super tasty!  It was made with brown rice, quinoa, chickpea, carrot, onion, as well as some herbs and spices topped with chipotle mayo.  Filling, nutritious, and really satisfying flavor.  The salad was simple with a nice and light dressing.  Jacquelyn let me try her buffalo tempeh and chick'n strips (she loves me!) and I would order both of those things, as well!  I love buffalo sauce and I loved it even more applied to tempeh!There is a juice bar, they sell swami juice, and there are also some good looking (albeit pricey) desserts.  Next time I am in the area I want to try some more menu options!
<review# 312,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/1/2013,1/18/2014,144,176,5,9,6>This place is a gem in Davie. Whether you are looking for a fancy dinner to splurge or an affordable delicious lunch, Mustard Seed Bistro's got it right.I'll talk about my dinner experience here. I came here for a birthday dinner. I ordered the braised short rib ~$28. A salad. One of their AMAZING cupcakes. and a glass of wine. I think my bill was about $50-55. It was a hefty bill but I thoroughly enjoyed my experience there.Braised Short Rib: 5 stars, I promise you that you will not regret getting this dishSalad: 2 stars, waaaaay over priced for what it is. nothing special about this salad. the green was wilted too. Cupcake: 4 stars, I don't know how much it was and I don't really want to know. I wanted the coconut one but they ran out and I chose the strawberry chocolate chip. DELISIOSO!!!I'd come back for dinner for special occasions or on days I want to feel like I'm back home in LA. Lunch Specials though I'd be back all the time FOR SURE.DECOR: 5 starsFOOD: 4 starsSERVICE: 4 stars.
<review# 313,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2013,1/17/2014,351,235,11,16,13>Dada I knew I would love you!!!  So there are a ton of reviews that talk about how amazing the food is and it is but I want to start this review off by talking about the exceptional service we received at Dada.  I went with my family for my birthday on a Sunday evening (6pm) and we made reservations to sit outside.  The weather was perfect and the moon was full so the mood and the setting were perfect.  Dada is an old 1920's style home that was converted into a restaurant, complete with the white picket fence!  As soon as we arrived our table was already set.  We had two people cancel so they had to reset the table, which they did with no problem at all they just asked if we could sit at the bar while they fixed the table.  That was no problem at all we decided to order some of their yummy mojitos and wait.  The bartender actually went over the menu with us since it was our first time there and he even shared some of his menu favorites which I really appreciate.  Who knows the menu better than the staff right?!  He suggested the crab cakes and the habanero salmon (which I got but more on that later) which is a dish they are apparently known for.  When the table was ready our server was awesome (I wish I remember her name she kept calling us my dear and very nice) she suggested items off the menu as well and went over each one by category (i.e apps, entrée etc) .  This is what I can sum up about the service.  Our glasses were never empty, we never had to look for the waitress, there was always someone coming to the table to clear the bread or fill a glass they were on point all night making sure everyone was happy and not just us they were going table to table.  I am a firm believer that service and cleanliness can add to or take away from a dining experience.  So the food was awesome!  I had to try the dada dates from the reviews and pics..... they were awesome we got 2 orders and we killed the corn bread they bring to the table (twice we did, lol) it is so delicious!  For our main dishes we tried the Chicken Del Rio which my niece loved and she kept ordering a side of the sauce that come on it she liked it so much.  The Habanero Salmon was just as good as they said it would be not spicy at all kinda sweet actually.  The rest of the table had the Flat iron steak which I will get next time cause it was so juicy and tender I almost stole it off someone's plate lol!   My family brought a cake so we didn't get to try any of the desserts (I was sad about this) but I will be sure not to make that mistake on my next visit.  And I will be back I AM A BIG FAN!!!  love Dada  =)
<review# 314,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2013,1/16/2014,837,552,18,19,17>This place was crowded, loud, one of the ladies behind the counter was shouting (and apparently this is her normal tone of voice), and there's no place to move or walk...  I almost ran out the door as soon as I stepped in but I'm glad I didn't and here's why...It was already 3pm, I had only had a Tall coffee in the morning, and I was hungry!I had heard and read very good reviews from Casa do Pao, so decided to stop by here on my way home. Thankfully the loud lady was not the one who took my order so that made things better.  I ordered a #8 (Bauru Sandwich), which is ham, cheese, bacon (I asked for it without it), egg, lettuce, tomato, on a soft French bread.  It took about 5 - 8 minutes for it to come out and it was warm, and delicious.  The sandwich was perfect size to satisfy my hunger without making me feel sick or overfull.  Since I wanted to try their Coxihna Catupiry (potato ball filled with shredded chicken and cheese) I only had half the sandwich and enjoyed this with it.  This potato pocket is soft, warm, and creamy.  It's like comfort food... And to end, since most of the things I've heard were about their desserts, I had to try my favorite Brazilian dessert (so far) the Mousse de Maracujá (passion fruit mousse).  Passion fruit is one of my favorite fruits and they make this so good.  It's creamy, tart, and enough for at least two days.On top of how good their food is, it is cheap.  The sandwich was only $4.00, the Coxinha $1.70,  and dessert less than $3.00.  Plus, they speak Portuguese (of course), Spanish, and English, making it easier for everyone to order,  and they explain which ever item you are not familiar with.  I was out in less than 15 minutes, with my to-go order, and enjoyed it very much.  They have about 10 different sandwiches, countless desserts and cakes (both individual and "party" size), you can place your order for catering or gatherings.Their usual empanadas, pon de queijo (little cheese bread), and other "bite" items.I will definitely be going back, but will remember not to go at "rush hour".  I know I'll enjoy it even more when it's less busy and quiet
<review# 315,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/22/2013,1/15/2014,306,475,12,19,12>The food trucks at Art Park have become almost a habit for the boyfriend and I on Monday nights. The lineup does tend to have some changes week to week, but there are also the regulars that come every week. There are always plenty of options to choose from. I would say anywhere from 20-30 trucks offering everything from burgers, tacos, BBQ, italian, empanadas, fries, grilled cheese, churros, yogurt, cupcakes, and more. As you would expect, some trucks are better than others. If one truck has a line and another has not a soul in sight, there is probably a reason why.Some of my favorite trucks that frequent here: Monte's Country Cajun, Hip Pops, Mr. Cheezious, and Palate Party.Most of the trucks now accept credit cards, but I would bring some extra cash just in case. Parking in the adjacent lots or street parking is usually not too bad. Have a few minutes of patience and a spot usually opens up.It's a good time for fun and company and some people watching. Great to take the kids or the dog.
<review# 316,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2013,1/14/2014,80,165,5,6,5>Ben's is a slice of NY Jewish Deli in South Florida. It really is a hybrid fusion of South Florida atmosphere and customers mixed in with New York quality food and style. As soon as you go in and you are seated, you immediately get water, pickles and coleslaw. My go to dish recently has been the Hot Pastrami on a toasted garlic bread, and an order of fries. The hot pastrami tastes freshly cut, and the fries are huge! If your not in the mood for a sandwich, I've also had the chopped steak with mashed potatoes with onions and gravy. The chopped steak is pretty good, but the mashed potatoes with onions and gravy brings me back to what my Bubbi makes. And of course the Chicken Noodle Soup here is also great. Lots of food that reminds me of home cooking here in a good way. Portion size is pretty big. Not the biggest I've ever seen, but big enough to make you full and bringing home a box with leftovers. Years ago, service didn't used to be as good, the waiters had the attitude of a pissed off New Yorker. Not good. But in the past few years, service here has gotten much better and friendlier for sure. Pricing is okay, a bit on the expensive side, but you also get a lot of food. In terms of Jewish Deli's, Ben's is a must for anyone in South Florida.Warning in advance, Ben's is not Glatt Kosher due to it being open on Shabbat. I don't keep kosher, but to other people who keep Glatt Kosher, this is not the place for you.Food (B+), Pricing (C), Atmosphere (A), Service (B)
<review# 317,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2013,1/13/2014,365,367,8,11,10>I'm so glad I found Hey Sugar Cupcakes on Yelp.Super great customer service I spoke with Mark on the phone, he's really upbeat and enthusiastic about Hey Sugar.I made my order of a dozen cupcakes to be delivered to a venue I was attending during the day for an event.  He called me when he was nearby and coordinated with me to make the transaction smoothly. I loved the clear packaging to see the beautiful cakes and the bow was a really sweet touch. I couldn't wait to mess up these babies!  I went for the red velvet right away and I loved that the icing was not too sweet and tasted homemade and perfect. The cupcakes had pockets in the center for extra icing..ohh yeah :))     The pumpkin spice had a unique flavour and was tasty and not to much Pumpkin-spices, again perfect icing.  The carrot cake was also delish. Bits of carrot in the cake, and that great icing again topped with walnuts, my other fav.  Chocolate cupcakes are usually my favourite but this time I found the other flavours to be more unique and complimentary to each other with the cake and icing.Thank you Hey Sugar Cupcakes what a way to end the Event for me, and I was so excited to eat all of them on the spot they were so tempting! I recommend these cakes for any occasion...yumm
<review# 318,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/24/2013,1/12/2014,319,136,7,8,7>Decor is beautiful; definitely a few notches above your average neighborhood Sushi/Thai joint (and so are the prices!). Started with 2 orders of steamed Gyoza for the 4 of us to share. I would rate them as pretty average as the noodle was a little hard. Maybe it would have been better fried.   Unlike most Asian places, rolls are served with a slightly spicy chili paste infused oil - nice touch. Props to our patient and outstanding server, Joey, who discussed our choices in detail. He even brought my husband a sample of a sauce he was not sure of (declined). I ordered Kanisu, from my usual repertoire, and after consultation with our server, "Mike's Roll": Tuna, spinach, asparagus, avocado, cucumber, kampyo, tempura flakes, & sweet black sticky rice  topped with chili sauce.   Our server warned me it was "different" and it was:  sweet, spicy, interesting texture.....really unique and delicious.  The Kanisu was a great accompaniment to this complex roll, cool, light, & refreshing. Since Husband did not like the original sauce offered on the Chilean Sea Bass, Joey brought his Sea Bass plainly seared with 2 sauces on the side: a Teriyaki and a Sweet Soy.  Husband liked his dish with both sauces.  The portion size of the fish, however, was a little small. The Next Great Future Generation Yelper (9 year old) got Shrimp & Chicken Pad Thai.  Great Pad Thai-not too sweet & a huge portion. Even my little guy with the big appetite took much of it home. 10 year old got Chicken Teriyaki. This was a weak link:  a little bland & pretty dry.To end our meal our server brought us free desserts a nice little ice cream sundae & another one with fried banana!  Not sure why....was he in the Christmas spirit or did he want a good review?  Coco did earn it's 4 stars without the free dessert!
<review# 319,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2013,1/11/2014,193,173,1,9,7>Man do I love this place....we have spent many a very lazy Sunday morning here reading books and working on our laptops.  I can't do much dairy, actually I'm not supposed to do any but I sometimes have it anyway because there's no other option, and I dislike soy, and this is the only place that does coffee drinks with almond milk. Plus the coffee is just stellar - it puts Starbucks to shame.There's always something great to eat in the pastry case as well, and I don't mean just sweets.  They're all homemade too.  I've had a homemade croissant with broccoli, mushrooms and bechamel - it was flaky, buttery and perfect!  We've had the flourless chocolate cake and the egg white veggie breakfast burrito as well - all were excellent!There's usually something brewing in the slow cooker at some point as well - chicken wings, or biscuits with homemade gravy.  It always smells great!My favorite drink it their latte, it is so smooth and rich, I usually have to help myself from ordering a second one.  I believe in supporting quality local small businesses such as this, and encourage anyone who loves an exceptional cup of coffee to try Coastars - you'll be happy you did.
<review# 320,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2013,1/10/2014,241,343,7,16,10>***One warning*** when the cooking starts in the kitchen it gets VERY smokey. Tears flow, clothes smell like a fryer, and lungs stress.  Now lets move on to the delicious food...Ok. I've visited twice and have left thinking the same thing...."awesome"The Menu? Well the staff describes the menu as a much of things the owner loves to eat. I have not met this mystery owner, but i'm kind of digging his palate. I have tried and would suggest the following things:Hellswine II Sausage -- Phenomenal. Sweet but fiery i'd ask for extra sauce. Get it on a meat board because the bread in the sandwich only takes away from this hand made on site custom sausage. The Lamb/Fennel sausage. I liked it ok, but the first lady swears by it. The burger infused w/ duck fat. Um-YES! amazing burger, great bread, I suggest you order it with bacon and a fried egg! It's perfect. I've also tried the short ribs and regular ribs. They are ok, but the true strength of the menu is the sausage and burger. The sides? Duck Fat potato salad, is a must try. The macaroni and cheese is hit or miss. On a good day it's perfect. On a bad day it's a bit greasy which is still good but 3 Stars-ish. I am not a fan of the pea puree, but the table next to me seemed to love it. There are too many beers to discuss. I think you should block off  few hours a try them all.
<review# 321,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/13/2013,1/9/2014,169,213,3,8,4>I had such a fun time at this place. The owner Alex is great to talk to and gave us the best bourbon recommendation. The caramel apple drink is incredible, tart and sweet, plus apple whiskey...A++++. The crab hush puppies were so tasty. You could taste the crab and it had real corn kernels in each bite. This was our first time eating fried tomatoes, and we will be ordering them again. Nice and crispy, with a cornmeal crust and perfect choice of dressing drizzled on top. Just wish the serving was a little bigger, but that's because I wanted more. As for entree, chicken and waffles....OH MY GOD...heaven!!!! The sage marshmallow sauce complements both the juicy fried chicken and hearty belgium waffles. This place just opened so they are still working out some kinks but the food is spot on. Its a bar you eat at and not a restaurant you drink at, if that makes sense. Its a gastropub! Prices are based on the quality which is better than any old bar. The atmosphere was really cool. They had western movies playing on huge flat screen tvs, as well as sports playing and a photo booth. This is a great spot to meet up with friend or have a date night. Already planning my next trip there, and telling all my friends about it.
<review# 322,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2013,1/8/2014,35,128,7,12,10>All to often, someplace or something that a friend or co-worker raves about fails to live up to the hype.  You get feedback from 3,4, or 5 different trusted sources of information about how fantastic something is, and you build it up in your imagination as the "end-all, be-all of human existence".  So much so, that you chomp at the bit to try whatever it is for yourself, only to have that imagination pull the door-handle on that jet-liner and shove you out into the clouds.  All that built-up anticipation crashes back into the earth at a million miles per hour, and you're just sitting there shaking your head, saying "what was all the fuss?  Is that all there was?  Why did I bother?"Well guess what?  Bay Bay's is so NOT going to let you down, and your praise for this haven will join the chorus of all the others that have tried it for themselves.  It sat on my bookmarks page for months, but every time I mentioned it as a possibility for one of our outings, my wife would balk and aim the conversation in a different direction.  Her family hails from the deep South (Mississippi and Alabama), and not only was she convinced that her mama's fried chicken was the best in the world, she's always felt that eating someone else's fried chicken was somehow an affront to her family, and would go out of her way to order something else instead.  Even tonight, despite seemingly catching her in a moment of acquiescence and weakness, and getting her to agree to going to Bay Bay's, she was eyeing the burgers and Po' Boy sandwiches on the menu!  Rule Number One for me when it comes eating out: If a restaurant makes it a point to print up a sign or a menu that calls out a particular dish as the best thing they make, you should really try that dish before anything else.  Much to my dismay, even my daughter was talking about ordering something "non-chicken"!  Did they not see the huge sign outside in the parking lot that says "Voted Best Fried Chicken in South Florida!"?  It was on the wall, too!  And the menu!  I tried to reason with them briefly, but I've learned over the years to let them make their own mistakes, or risk an argument with raised voices, over "why I feel the need to foist my will on everybody ........ blah, blah, blah", so I dispensed with the closing arguments, and set my menu down in the international sign for "I'm ready to order" gesture, and the waitress walked right over to our table."Welcome to Bay Bay's ...... is this your first time here?" was her greeting, and only because our answer was yes were my wife and daughter spared from what would have been a colossal mistake in their choice of entree.  "Let me get you some free samples to try before you order", and she sped off after asking us what we were drinking -- 3 sweet teas, of course!  She returned with our drinks and a drumstick for each of us -- a good sized one, too -- and left us again with the promise of returning in a minute to take our order.  I deliberately held mine up to my face and just smelled the aroma coming off of it for a moment, more so I could watch both my wife and daughter's expressions after their first bites.  My wife's eyes went wide as she chewed, and after she swallowed, her first words were "Oh my God, that tastes sooooo good!"  My daughter just moaned her agreement as she took another bite before even swallowing her first.  Seeing that they were satisfied, I went ahead and took my bite -- Wow! Juicy, tender, sweet, rich, savory, and a faint kick of spiciness.  If this was the dark meat, I had to try the white.  Yes, three orders of chicken, please.  My daughter and I both got the two piece meal on a buttermilk waffle, and my wife ordered the chicken tenders with a side of collards.  The breast meat was just incredible, without argument the best fried chicken I had ever had in a restaurant.  The waffle had vanilla extract mixed in with the batter, so it was sweet enough to forgo the syrup -- but who in the hell eats a buttermilk waffle without maple syrup?!  Not this round guy.  Oh yeah, the sweet tea was CRAZY sweet -- like "2 inches of sugar at the bottom of the cup" sweet.  I had to cut it with some water, because between it and the maple syrup on the waffle, I felt the onset of a diabetic coma beginning to take hold.Although I had no room for dessert, we couldn't resist ordering one from the menu to go -- a red velvet waffle with cream cheese icing.  The girls shared a few bites of it when we got home, and couldn't stop raving about it.  The dinner was 4 hours ago, and I'm still sated to the point of ignoring the dessert with no regrets at all.Thank-you Bay Bay's, for not just living up to the hype and reputation that preceded my own experience, but exceeding both our expectations.  Our voices join the chorus in singing out what your signs tell everybody; "Best Fried Chicken in South Florida!"  Damn straight.
<review# 323,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/22/2013,1/7/2014,181,103,4,14,8>Oh, how I love the Salad Spot! Anything you could possibly want on your salad is right here. Located right off of Yamato Road and I-95, this little gem is tucked away in a shopping plaza next to Starbucks & Einstein Brothers. When I first started working up on this end earlier this year, I was told by some co-workers that The Salad Spot was a must. Since my first visit back in June, I've become one of their regulars!The possibilities here are endless. You can make any salad into a wrap and they have a wide array of soups available everyday. They have lettuce, spinach, mixed greens, arugula, avocado, tomatoes, quinoa salad, different cheeses, egg, dried fruit, regular fruit (mangoes, tangerines, grapes, etc), nuts & seeds and a variety of pasta salads that allow you to customize your salad to make it your own. They offer a variety of proteins that you can include on your salad as well like the curry chicken salad which is my absolute favorite. I've realized when I use that I don't need to waste calories on salad dressing so that's always a plus! The choice is yours whether to create a healthy salad or a really fattening one. I recommend limiting your portions and thinking about everything you're putting into your container because at $7.49 a pound, your salad can wind up costing you anywhere in the ballpark of $12-15 so be careful so that you don't end up with sticker shock at the register! If i know I'm going here for lunch, I would bring my own lettuce, tomatoes and avocado from home and add them to my salad once I've paid. Tomatoes and avocado are considerably heavy so they can easily drive up the price on your meal so I keep that in mind when creating my salad masterpiece. The owner is a sweet gentleman who is always extremely polite. He's very attentive and always ask patrons dining in if they need anything like napkins and utensils. Of course, he wants to make sure that you're enjoying your meal as well. I truly enjoy going to this eatery for lunch because I can create a different salad for each day of the week and never get bored! If you're looking for a change-up from your typical, boring chicken salad, head on over to The Salad Spot where they'll be sure to jazz up your take on salads!
<review# 324,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2013,1/6/2014,399,476,10,16,14>I may not be in the target demographic, but I do love Wilton Manors. So when I spotted a new restaurant on Yelp, I instantly bookmarked it and made a mental note to give it a try. Since one of my friends visited me from out of town this week, I thought it would be the perfect opportunity to try something new. I started with the Orange Blossom Pilsner, and we ordered two plates to start: the Go Mediterranean and Baked Goat Cheese. Oh my goodness. Just phenomenal. The Mediterranean plate had homemade hummus, stuffed grape leaves, crispy flatbread and small skewers of feta, kalamata olives, tomato and cucumber. This plate was devoured rather quickly :) And the baked goat cheese was to die for - warm cheese in a mini iron skillet, topped with a thick layer of an apricot, peppadew and pickled jalapeno glaze. This was the star of the show... it definitely had a kick to it, but it wasn't fiery hot. When we ran out of the crostinis that it comes with, we resorted to just eating the rest with a spoon since we didn't want any to go to waste.For our second round, we split the mac and cheese (and added bacon, requesting for it to be really crispy), while I ordered the beef empanadas and she chose the barbecue chicken flatbread. The mac and cheese was different - I don't know that I've ever had the dish where cheddar wasn't an ingredient. Instead, it's made with brie, gruyere and parmesean, and topped with panko breadcrumbs. I liked it, but I'm glad she and I split it because I never could've finished the whole thing myself. My empanadas were a little bit of a let-down. I prefer they have a bit of spice, and these didn't. I only ate one (each order comes with two) and took the other to go. I did try a piece of my friend's flatbread and enjoyed it, but that was a LOT of food for two girls.We both left feeling stuffed and quite happy with our decision. It was a bit pricey, since lots of tapas orders adds up fairly quickly, but definitely worth it. I really hope they do well!
<review# 325,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2013,1/5/2014,129,522,4,12,6>How have I yet to write a review for ILT? It has unknowingly slipped my yelp-mind. I'm a little bit speechless because I love this place so much. We have been here several times for dinner. It is always packed on Friday and Saturday nights. I would have never imagined such a great place like this was right in my backyard. Thanks to Yelp, I was able to find it and share it with others. ILT is a small restaurant, very cozy, and great decor. Just as it should be. The prices are extremely reasonable! The staff has always been very friendly and attentive. The food is always consistently good. Everything I've had on the menu is AWESOME. I've had the Shrimp Tacos, Fish Tacos, Carnitas Tacos, Award Winning Enchiladas, Mole Enchiladas, and Wet Burrito. I've also tried the Quesedilla. Everything is FANTASTIC. The Fish Tacos ESPECIALLY... most restaurants never get fish tacos right... they always taste fishy and gross. Not I Love Tacos! These Fish Tacos are SUPERB. Must try if you like Fish Tacos! Everything is fresh and cooked to order. You can tell that nothing is sitting around waiting to be served (can't say this for all restaurants).  Their chips and salsa... are great! Homemade chips! DELICIOUS.Ughhhh. Please do me a favor and order the Wet Burrito if it's the first time you are going here. You will not regret it. And just a little background on me... I do not like Chipotle, Lime, or any of these chain "Mexican" restaurants. I just don't like their flavors. ILT is like 1000000 times better than these places. If you don't like their "Mexican" food, I promise you will like ILT. ... I think this review officially classifies me as a FANATIC of I LOVE TACOS!
<review# 326,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/1/2013,1/4/2014,930,225,10,14,12>The sushi goes round and round... Round and round all through the town(sushi train tracks?) This is a quick and fast way to get sushi at sawgrass mills mall. Compared to the food court sushi, this place is amazing. The food court sushi looks blue/purple (yikes) The first time I saw the sushi going along a train track concept in VA was a few years ago in Tyson's mall. It's a good concept only if it's a super busy restaurant. Sawgrass is a very busy mall with people fighting over parking spots so of-course this place is able to continuously make fresh sushi every few minutes and you don't get luke warm sushi which is going around the train tracks the whole day. I have tried many of their sushi rolls. I like them, I only wish the tuna's quality was better. Maybe it was the wrong season or something but it didn't taste as good as the other selections. Look at the menu so you know which rolls are coming down the track. The plates are color coordinated which correlates to the price from 3.50 to 7 dollars a plate. Most of the good rolls are in the 5-7 dollar range. It's a decent price for sawgrass mills food option range. However, 4 pieces in each plate will make you want to get multiple plates and you will feel more hungry then looking at a 8-10 piece roll plate in regular sushi restaurants. By the time my friend and I left, our plates were stacked high and we still went for dessert after. Yikes, we really could eat the traveling train sushi.
<review# 327,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2013,1/3/2014,262,243,3,7,4>Haven't been here in a while this used to be my hang out. I came by for happy hour after trudging to the post office next door  and was a tad disappointed the wing price went up for happy hour to 50 cents each. 10 wings are normally $5.00 so really no savings there but can order different quantities and favors. They are still pretty fab. I actually think they have the best wings ever. Dano which is like a teriyaki something hard to describe but better than teriyaki.   Madison was behind the bar. Super friendly but lost a point because she forgot to tell me about half price appetizers. Then I gave it back to her since they just started it today..Most of the servers work here for years and come to know you. Their appetizer menu is off the chain. The sweet potato fries are anther must try as is the grouper Reuben The ambience is simple as it is a pretty general mom and pop operation. I love this place and it is a family atmosphere if you like with kids games in it and loads of flat screen tvs!!! Can't believe I haven't come more!!Two glasses of wine and 12 wings and a salad total check $14!!!
<review# 328,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/25/2013,1/2/2014,491,388,11,16,11>This is the largest dog park I've seen in South Florida - and beautifully maintained. They have a smaller area set aside for dogs under 25lbs and then the main area. The smaller area is still quite large, with a little obstacle course to go through with your pup. Markham Park now charges $25/year or $5/day to enter into the park, but it is well worth the fee. My 20lb dog is quite a terror, he is extremely hyper and loves to bark. This gives us space to play with him without bothering many others. There are a lot of larger, calmer dogs that come here, so we felt a little out of place. I haven't yet come on a weekend, so I'm not sure how busy it gets then. But on weekdays it is pretty quiet, with only a handful of dogs in the field. I haven't yet had another dog in the small dog area. If you see a very fluffy white, loud bundle of joy hopping and barking your way, please don't mind him. He's friendly and just wants to say hi.
<review# 329,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2013,1/1/2014,28,24,6,14,6>There are mom and pop brunch places, and then there is Ally's. When you arrive to put your name on the list (and you will, because you're not the first to experience their awesomeness), grandma takes it. Daughter prepares your meal, granddaughter rings you up, and forgive me if I'm forgetting anyone!You made a conscious decision to not go to Denny's again, so expectations are naturally raised. They won't be let down. Step inside this adorable cottage home/restaurant that could be anyone's grandmother's dining room. Along the walls are custom pictures, figurines, and other signs reminding that you are at a one-of-a-kind establishment. Join the rest of your fellow patrons and settle in to what will be a non-rushed (not slow, just relaxed) brunch experience. I'll keep the food descriptions short so you can just get on with eating there. Chocolate chip pancakes: unreal. They say the recipe is one of those, "if I tell you..."  I'd risk it, because they are so perfectly crispy, fluffy, and full of flavor at the same time. French toast: thick and exactly what you would hope to get. Tied for some of the best I've had. Latkes (potato pancakes): sorry grandma, you've just been outdone! Best. Potato pancakes. Ever. Get an order for the table and fight for the last one. Unfortunately, those are the only items I've tried (thus far), but you can bet I'll be back to round out my review...yeah, that's why I'm returning, to make a better review.
<review# 330,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2012,12/31/2013,109,331,1,8,2>Come here and do whatever it takes to try the Cannoli Cake, i'm not sure if they sell it by the slice, if they do get that but if not buy the whole damn cake, its that good.It's really really moist and is made with just the right amount of whatever kind of liquor they use, and its filled with a generous amount of cannoli cream and surrounded by almonds, for the topping you can get cream or cannoli shell pieces, and there's a mini cannoli to top it off, great tasting cake and very well made, I'd recommend it for even the most special occasion.I've had the rainbow cookies a while back and I don't remember them being all that great, but I'd give them another shot.The shop itself is a legit mom/pop joint and it definitely has the feel of a NY style Italian bakery.
<review# 331,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2013,12/30/2013,7,14,1,6,1>I like to read recent or current reviews. Why 5 stars? Our first-ever visit the morning of Labor Day, Sept 2, 2013 was very successful. We read a lot of reviews first. Even viewed a "how to" video performed by a co-owner.  First impressions proved positive. a) One or both of the owner-operators were on duty. Offered compliments to one of them. b) Attractively and professionally groomed server started with us on the spot and kept up groovy, non-cloying, pace throughout bountiful breakfast meal. We tipped her well.  My wife and I ordered very different smaller comfort food portions and each of us had a different side dish. Hot things hot. Cold things cold. Fresh fruit. Biscuits and sausage gravy. Home fries (took home what we couldn't complete). Corned beef hash. Home made blue berry muffin of the day. Cold orange and apple juices. Tall fully iced water. Ate outside (recommended) where there are newer water misting fans that with a slight breeze, and large shade umbrellas, made the experience positive and complete. We shall return and try out the luncheon menu. Oh yes. Neat and clean and we agree "Don't Feed The Birds". Signs worked. No birds. Great ocean view. Paid and free ample parking. Safe and well maintained surroundings.
<review# 332,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2013,12/29/2013,39,206,1,4,2>This secluded mini golf course is a decent place to hang out morso than actually play mini golf.  The relaxed almost home like entrance serves cider, beer, snacks.  And the mini golf course is well enough maintained.  Went here on a first date, and although there were 3 drunk college aged dudes in front of us, it still is a good place to take a date.  It would have been better without waiting to putt, but since there were benches for waiting and scenic waiting areas (even though the course itself is actually small) it served us well.  The location of this place is actually awesome because its a fair walk to downtown delray without being in the highly traffic area.
<review# 333,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/6/2013,12/28/2013,253,122,8,15,13>Although I'm usually against American-Chinese food, I still gets craving for them once in a while. Looking through Yelp,  I decided on Wu's Kitchen based on its good rating and it's just 5 min away from me for a quick pick up. Btw they don't offer dine in. Prior to ordering, I looked through their menu online. They offer a long list of items and I hoped I would find some authentic dishes in the menu, but I was largely disappointed. I end up ordering #15.Fried Chicken Wings - It's good, but not as good as other Chinese restuarants I had before. It's missing something... Maybe not marinated enough or it's missing MSG.#23 Beef teriyaki - It's.. I don't know how to describe it. Interesting? It's heavy in spices, sweet, salty.. pretty good the first bite, but I did not want to eat more after I finished one. It was awesome after I chopped them up and put into home made fried rice :D#41.Young Chow Fried Rice - I was told this is authentic version of Yeung Chow fried rice. I have no idea if it is, but it tasted really good! It's full of ingredients like char siu pork, shrimp, bean sprouts, and egg. However I wish they had a bit more egg in it.#64 Szechuan Pork - It taste pretty good. However they used roasted pork instead of pork belly for this dish. Which kinda ruins it. After re-checking the menu, I now notice they use roast pork in every single pork dishes... bummer.#95.Special Rice Noodle - I really love this! Taste like the fried rice noodles my grandma used to make. Egg, ham, scallions and dried, pickled cabbages.. yum!They now have a updated website, which you can order online without calling them!
<review# 334,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2013,12/27/2013,46,288,2,7,2>Is this Florida?! *pinch* Why yes it is! Stepping into Agora last night was like being transported out of tired/old/boring of Florida and to a strange and foreign land. Decor and architecture inside the old building + live Turkish music = awesome x 10^23.The food was equally impressive -- appetizers included some delicious falafel balls, phyllo dough rolls (a favorite at the table -- would really like to see more filling options for these!) and hummus. I was initially not impressed with the dinners. We ordered 4 different entrees, but they were all plated exactly the same way (onions/cilantro, tomatoes, grain, meat). I had the Turkish meatballs, and honestly they were the low point of the meal. I like my balls juicy, but these Turkish ones were dry. My fork magically transported some of JP's chicken onto my plate and that was QUITE delicious. Dining companions all seemed EXTREMELY pleased with their selections. Service was also extremely attentive and even the chef (owner?) apologized from the open kitchen because one of the dishes arrived a few minutes after the others. No worries, chef-owner! The whole experience was terrific and we'll definitely be back.
<review# 335,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2013,12/26/2013,143,52,2,5,5>Ate here on a Sunday - service was good and the decor was nice, chairs very comfortable.The food?? OMG - our table shared some dim sum and it was delicious - very light, not burned on the bottom or dry like some I have had in other restaurants/buffets. These were fresh and very "light", not heavy or doughy. Presentation was very nice - felt a bit like Top Chef   The Mushroom soup was delicious - variety of mushrooms in a light but creamy soup, seasoned perfectly.   Our table had a variety of entrees - which we shared so that all could taste them. Pepper steak and the scallops were MY favorites - all were good  We were pretty full so did not order dessert - but plan to next time. Hope they taste as yummy as they sound??   All in all this was a pleasant surprise to find out west here in Coral Springs. Bio of the restaurant says that Chef Tang has catered to some really high end places - like the Breakers ! - so for the very reasonable prices we got  "rich and famous" lifestyle treats - not to mention they say he made dim sum for 2 Presidents :) Not bad for the suburbs haha
<review# 336,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2013,12/25/2013,251,395,10,17,14>It's sad that I work about 5 minutes away from where the BC Taco Food Truck is parked pretty much all the time, yet I've never bothered to go and get tacos.  I think I'm stuck believing that food trucks are mostly a cash society, and I never ever have cash, although I know full well that most trucks have credit card services now... anywaysWhen BC Cafe opened up pretty close to my house I was excited, and even more excited when I found a Living Social deal.  They do more of a lunch business, but I found they were open on weekend nights, so it's perfect for me to pop in for a quick dinner.  It took us a minute to find BC Cafe, it's in the plaza just south of the Publix plaza, but it is set back from the road a bit.   We parked and walked in and was surprised at how empty the place was, based on the other reviews I was expecting a few more people, but thats ok.   Like I said, we had a Living Social to unload, so we ordered one of every taco, chips with a side of avocado salsa, the soup of the day - ginger carrot, a beer and a water.   I don't drink beer, never have and never will, but I was impressed with their small beer selection and actually kinda liked the one my bf chose - White Rascal, meaning I had two sips instead of my usual one lol. The soup and chips came out first.  The avocado salsa wasn't everything I hoped for, and I thought the soup was kinda salty upon first sip, but after that I decided the soup was amazing and couldn't stop eating it.  As far as the tacos goThe Gather was my favorite...but I do have a soft spot for mayo anythingThe T-Rex chicken was my second favorite, and chicken never is the top of my listThe Buffalo Mahi was my third favorite, but I wonder if I can get it without the buffalo next time.The hunter and the shrimp were so so.  I do have to say the service was great, the guy who took our order and also brought our food out (he may have been an owner) was knowledgable, friendly and made my experience that much better.    I'm thinking it's time for me to check out the food truck now!
<review# 337,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2013,12/23/2013,152,348,5,7,6>Try the Cookie Monster ice cream. It's good, but you'll later look like you ate a smurf. There is tons of vintage/old school stuff in here and you can tell one of their favorites is the Pinocchio marionettes. The back room is really cool to look at and see all the trinkets, but I found it it little too dark for it being 5:00 in the evening. The front is nice and bright with cute little tables and chairs. I wish they had a water cooler there for those water cravings you get after you eat a nice creamy ice cream. There is TONS of candy here as well. It brought back funny memories full of fake candy cigarettes, waxy bottles of juice and sticky candy necklaces.They have a lot of flavors, and I their ice cream is really fresh and home made. I tested the cookie dough, the cookie monster (blend of blue vanilla ice cream with cookies and cream & cookie dough), and the sugar free vanilla swirl. The SF ice cream was actually really good too but I wanted something more decadent.I'll come back and maybe try the toasted coconut, and not get a chocolate dipped cone. It just gets to be too much sugar for me.
<review# 338,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2013,12/22/2013,158,135,9,15,11>I was like a little girl yesterday morning since I was so excited to finally get to try this place.  I was meeting a couple girlfriends there but since I got there first I went in to avoid the heat and turns out they have couches and chairs in an area that looks like a tea room.  So cute.As soon as I opened the door to the restaurant, there were so many delicious looking pastries and desserts in the display.  I was so excited.  There was even a display rack with cookie jars and the cookies looked so good.  I just wanted to open up a cookie jar and help myself.The way it's decorated makes it feel more like a home than a restaurant.  And the owner and all the staff are so friendly that you just want to kick off your shoes and spend time with the family.  It's just so comfortable.The food tastes amazing and doesn't taste anything like typical restaurant food.  It taste more like something homemade that a mother or grandmother made;  like they made it with "love".They post the lunch of the day on their website each morning and it's really fair priced.  On my visit we had Stracciatella soup (egg soup with spinach), a meatball sandwich and mint couscous with summer squash.  I'm not a big meatball fan but these were delicious and the sandwich was so big that you had to use a knife and fork.  I also want to mention that the owner's son has Multiple Scierosis, so she donates a portion of the restaurants earnings to help with research to find a cure for MS.  What a wonderful way to give back through baking and cooking.Can't wait to come back and bring my mother; she'll love it too.
<review# 339,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2013,12/21/2013,118,353,6,7,4>Florida at its best!  Six of us enjoyed this place Saturday night for a friend's birthday.  We made 7:15pm reservations, were promptly seated, and had a great time.Parking is free valet, and is your best parking option in the area.  Just bring a few bucks to tip your valet, and don't even waste time driving around to look for a place to park.  Valet is much easier and you'll make someone happy with a tip.The place itself is HUUUUUUGE!  Once inside, you'll see that it's an open-air type of place that just goes and goes and goes and goes.  The roof is a palapa, but there is a lot of seating available completely uncovered if that's what you're looking for. There's an adjacent dock, so it's easy to pull up on your boat, hop out, and have dinner and drinks.Ok, now for the drinks.  This is why they lose one star.  The drinks were weak, weak, weak.  We tried the Key Lime Martini, Dirty Banana, and Pain in the Ass.  They were all weak, and just tasted like flavored sugar.  Stick to the beer and you won't be disappointed.The food was good, and if you're into seafood, my friends loved the Bang Bang Shrimp.  Even though the menu doesn't offer Bang Bang Shrimp tacos, you can substitute the fish for the shrimp in your tacos if you like.  I ordered the Tortilla Salad sans the chicken but with extra cheese to make up for it.  Super yummy!  We'll be back for the food, the outdoor ambiance, and the good service.  This is what outdoor Florida dining SHOULD be like!
<review# 340,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2013,12/20/2013,135,173,5,13,6>I found this place through Yelp and once again, you Yelpers sure don't disappoint!The owner was right behind the counter, just like everyone says, and greeted my companion and I immediately. We ordered a large White & Spinach pizza, garlic knots, and two large fountain drinks.Guess what? They have Arizona tea (three kinds!) on tap - I've never seen that before!!The garlic knots were hot and fresh; generous piles of minced garlic & Parmesan cheese topped the handmade delights.When the pizza arrived, it was steaming hot and looked SO inviting. I immediately took photos (check it out, I posted one) and then tore into the slices.The owner made sure we enjoyed everything before wishing us a good day, to which I must say, it's been better now that I've found a local pizza place that offers a casual environment with yummy food.(Check-in on Yelp; they offered a free slice of cheese pizza with your check-in [at the time I wrote this review.])
<review# 341,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2013,12/19/2013,342,260,7,10,7>"Eclectic" doesn't even begin to describe "To The Moon."  This is one of the craziest places I've ever been.  I don't think I can even touch the variety of delightful or bizarre items all under the same roof.  Want an old fashioned candy, like you had as a kid?  You'll probably find it here.A chocolate bar with raspberry pop rocks.  Um-hmm.Need a holiday ornament?  Check out the ceiling.How about a note pad with a highly insulting check-off list?  Got those too.Maybe an energy potion that looks like blood and comes in an IV bag?  Yep.This place was just too much fun.  We got some great candy and enough photos to amuse my FB friends for the foreseeable future.  Can't beat that!  :)I'm still looking for Alice Kramden, but I'm sure she's in there somewhere......
<review# 342,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2013,12/18/2013,100,101,6,7,8>Oh Relish, you had me at Drunken Onion! How I love you so......With 20 creative and flavorful ways to top your burger you better believe there is something for everyone! Not only are the burgers out of this world fantastic but they offer vegetarian items as well as build your own salads in case you are health conscious. Although it seems silly to me to come here if you are not gonna indulge but to each his own......The shrimp burger has whole pieces of shrimp. Not ground up to something that use to resemble a shrimp but actual FULL shrimp pieces.The pear and blue cheese flat bread is the perfect marriage between sweet, salty and bold. I think I need one now! The polenta fingers are huge, definitely good for sharing and at $3.50 a steal. Fried mac and cheese is ginormous for an appetizer. It's pretty good as well I just wish it had a little more kick or flavor to it. They also have a great selection of craft beer available in bottles only.My goal in life is to try all of the 20 relishes they offer. If anyone would like to join me in this journey let's do it! ( message me)  On a Wednesday preferably since you get double rewards points :) I've never been a milk shake fan although I've heard they bring all the boys to the yard, Anywho.... I will have to try one at some point since they really look insane and the whipped cream and toppings just look divine. Sign me up for the donuts though! Warm and smothered with the perfect amount of creamy glaze.... yummmmmmm  True story, I actually took a fork and scraped the left over glaze off the bottom of the paper container it's THAT GOOD! Fat kid problems.Customer service is A+. Everyone is friendly, helpful and in a good mood. You can tell that the Relish employees actually really love their work environment and to top off the great customer service they even state on the bottom of the receipt that  you should not have to pay for great service which is way they DO NOT ACCEPT GRATUITY.More restaurants should take note to that.The restaurant it self is spotless and comfy. They have outside seating and larger tables in side. The bathroom is very very clean which means a lot to me.It can get pricey with all the add on relishes and sides and deserts so I suggest going with a group and sharing and sampling with all your friends.
<review# 343,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2013,12/17/2013,217,135,1,12,5>Second dine and more impressed than the first. The pork belly small plate was better than before, larger in size (as it should be for $15) juicy and not fatty. Tried the PO-boy small plate, ready to compare it to the taste I recalled from many eaten in New Orleans, and was pleasantly surprised. Large shrimps, nicely breaded with a sauce that was yummy, on a crunchy bread. This is a winner at a moderately priced $12, I had to control myself not to lick the plate. For main courses, Decided to opt for the special pasta dish, figuring it wouldn't be bad since owner Alberto operates an Italian restaurant about a mile west. It was a homemade paparardelle with chicken, garlic, and broccolini ($14 -more than reasonable) The pasta was incredibly thin and tasty, the chicken was quite good, so much so I was searching for more in the dish (hint hint - add more and increase $)), and I was so impressed I'd order that again and split it with my dining partner (I didn't want to offer up more than a few tastes. Partner ordered the pork chop schnitzel which came with a nice sized crunchy salad. The pork chop was huge and very very tasty, with just the right amount of breading. Well worth the $26.No room for dessert, will sample the next time around. Had the watermelon and basil martini made with vodka rather than gin, and was pleased. It was suggested by Kelly, who was a pleasant non intrusive server, who was not present last time. The staff work well together, food runners are efficient, and can't complain about service, which can sometimes be a challenge in other places. Now to noise level, just so you know what to expect. This was a Wednesday night arrival at 6:30, and while the restaurant was half filled upon arrival, and the bar was filled, I observed carefully to try and figure out why it was so loud. While the inside never got more than 3/4 filled during my 1.5 hour stay, and the bar was about 1/2 filled after 7:15, this place is very loud (others have commented on this so it is not only my issue) -- Very very loud. And I think it will always be so, because of the design and acoustics. It does not have high ceilings, there are no sound deadening materials on walls or ceiling, the kitchen is open and the bar is active with drink prep and people doing their thing, as they should at a bar. All that, coupled with music and diners enjoying themselves, creates the noise. Next time, I will go with my gut and sit outside, and still enjoy the incredibly good food and drink, and be able to engage in talk without the deafening background noise.
<review# 344,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2013,12/16/2013,178,280,3,8,3>This place is a little hidden off the main strip in Deerfield, and we only ended up here because the wait other places was too crazy, but I'm glad we found it. We walked in, and the inside is really relaxing but fun at the same time. We decided to sit at the bar. It was a little after 7 so we had just missed happy hour, but the bartender told us she would make us her "special" sangria. It was the perfect sangria flavor without being too sweet and was garnished with pretty fruit....as a I drank I also realized it was quite strong (not complaining of course). As an appetizer we ordered the crispy zucchini. I was expecting fried zucchini stick but this was cut into more of a wide ribbon and lightly fried...quite delicious and the aioli sauce served with it was perfect. They have lots of full seafood entrees, but I didn't want anything that big so I ordered the grilled mahi sandwich with yuca fries. I just love yuca fried and these were served with a really great dipping sauce. The sandwich was good and the tartar sauce that came with it seemed unique as I don't usually like tartar sauce. I have to note that I love that everything I ordered came with some sort of amazing sauce to dip it in...I love sauces...especially aiolis.I thought the service here was very good and despite being along the beach strip prices weren't too high and touristy. I wouldn't hesitate to go back, and I definitely have this on my list of happy hour spots if I can get there early enough. 2 for 1 drinks and $5 apps.
<review# 345,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2013,12/15/2013,524,775,4,14,9>What a lovely place!!!!! GO!It's quaint and decorated with NOLA style paintings which I love love love.  Also, has one of the cleanest and cozy bathrooms I've ever been in. What is also nice about it is the owner is very involved in the day-to-day operations. He came to our table to inquire what our celebration was, he came back to check on our food, he stopped the restaurant and thanked all of the patrons for coming, and he came back at the end of our meals to elicit feedback from our party.  It was one of my friend's birthdays, she's basically a veggie (I've written about her before and she's probably reading this now), and she picked this restaurant b/c of the reviews on YELP and the availability. One of my friends is on a low carb diet and couldn't really find anything on the menu, so she called the restaurant to ask if they would just grille a piece of fish and put it on a salad for her, and they said YES. In fact, the owner even asked "ok which one of you called about the fish and salad today?" then elicited her feedback on how she wanted the fish prepared. Perfect!! This is how a restaurant should be.  Veggie was happy, low carb girl is happy, the rest of us are drunk and happy!  Hip Hip HoorayOnto the Food (see pix)1) Hot & Soul has Full and Half Size portions for Salads and most of their meals. Personally, I love this b/c I don't overeat2) Order the mushroom sherry toast appie. YES I said that. I do NOT eat mushrooms I really HATE them, but from time to time I will try a dish with mushrooms in it IF everyone else is raving about it. This was decadent, delicious, and divine. The cheese toast underneath (just thinking about it makes my mouth water) was awesome. Tons of garlic and lots of sherry. It can't be good for you, we all said that, but man is it good. Plenty to share too!3) I ordered the Soba Noodle Salad as it's something I never ever get, they had a half portion priced around $5, and figured I'd be adventurous! It was also very very good!4) GNOCCHI (priced at $12 I think)--Holy H-E-Double Hockey Stick. Hands down the best gnocchi we've all had. In fact, beats Casa D'Angelo's gnocchi out of the park!  It's served with an Oxtail (yes oxtail) Ragu. I had to Google nutrition facts on Oxtail and was pleasantly surprised that it's a very lean meat! I think 5 of the 8 of us ordered this dish. And all of us raved about it. My inner fat girl secretly wished she'd ordered the full portion...5) 2 girls got the Snapper over rice with an orange soy sauce....clean platters for all (priced at $18)6) They gave us free Beignets for the birthday girl, yummmiiiiiieeeeeeI did not give this a 5 star review only because there was only 1 waiter waiting on tables, we had a party of 8 and there were probably 7 other tables. He mixed up our 1/2 and full sized portions on some of the orders. AND we all agreed we wanted to see more distinction in the full and the half sized portions. They were served in the same plates/bowls and to us essentially looked the same but were about 1/2 the price.  We mentioned this to the owner, he took it in stride, so hopefully they get that worked out.I AM GOING BACK!!!!
<review# 346,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/25/2013,12/14/2013,146,160,1,9,3>Really, the best pastrami I have had in Broward County.  They also have good bagels and appetizing.  I have had their nova and baked salmon salad, and have always left satisfied. I recently picked up a catered meal for Rosh Hashanah dinner.  Included was their very good matzoh ball soup, with huge fluffy matzoh balls, along with chunks of chicken, egg noodles, celery and carrots.  Also, had excellent potato pancakes, sweet carrot tzimmes, fantastic noodle kuggel, and good chopped liver.  On top of this we got brisket and turkey.  The turkey was excellent while the brisket underwhelmed.  Of course, I am partial to my mother and grandmother's brisket ;)  A loaf of challah and a chocolate bobka were also enjoyed.For me, service is always good.  The girl working at the register is very friendly.  When I picked up the catered dinner, they checked and double checked to make sure we had everything and they did not miss a beat.  One thing they don't have are french fries, which I enjoy with a pastrami sandwich.Overall though, I am very pleased with Pomperdale these days and will continue to return!  Will also keep them in mind to cater future holidays.
<review# 347,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2013,12/13/2013,114,326,,2,2>Where to start?  Everything looks bangin'!  And now that I've been there for both breakfast and dinner, I have to say... BANG, BANG!They've been around since 1950 and if they've always been this good, I can see why.  I'm sure it wasn't always the hipster hangout it is now, but it's very cool to sit in a mid century modern building, with art from local artists featured (and for sale).  The staff is young and hip, as you'd expect, fast and friendly.The food, oh my, the food... everything we've had has been very good, excellent, actually.  But what most made me smile, was the way my salisbury dinner special was presented.  In an old metal 'TV dinner' tray.  Salisbury steak, mashed potatoes, peas, and a piece of brownie, all in their separate compartments.  Brilliant!  Just like old Swanson's back n the day.
<review# 348,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2013,12/12/2013,41,84,3,8,4>I was somewhat near this area on a Friday evening and found that other yelpers gave it some good reviews. Thought I'd check it out.It is very small inside only sitting a few people - I would only say 10. I think most of their business is take out.  I ordered some Chicken Korma (good), Biryani (decent), Pakoras (my favorite item in the bunch but perhaps I was just really hungry becaused I snacked on them on the way home Malai Kofta (good), Mango Lassi (had better).  It took about 20 mins but since it was a Friday night and last moment stop it wasn't too bad.The guy taking orders was overly friendly and some others that came out from the back also were quite friendly. I think many locals come here and they enjoy it. I had to use the restroom which is now where the weird part is - I had to go back through the kitchen while everyone is working and cooking. I'm just saying it was just not preferred for me to have to go through all of that to use the restroom but when you need to go I guess you just deal.Overall, this place is quite far for me so unless I'm in that area I wouldn't drive out there for just this place. But I did like the flavors of the Korma so I give it a 4 stars.
<review# 349,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2013,12/11/2013,430,328,17,19,16>Down grading from 5 STARS to 4 STARS because they use a microwave with some items. One evening fate caught  hold of me, my life from that moment changed forever. During the waxing moon on a clear night  I was on the beach  with a beautiful Asian woman with long flowing hair and deep dark eyes.As we stood before the Moon and embraced one another, our lips touched in delicate sensuality. The moment my tongue tasted the elixir of her mouth, I immediately felt the bliss of creation flow through my body and spirit.  I could then feel and see the energy that binds all things beyond the flesh and the 4 elements.In like manner did I feel a similar yet not as deep sensation during and after my lunch at this vegan & organic cafe. Thanks to Dax S's review I found iConnect cafe.iConnect opened last February and is located off of griffin road bit.ly/196ymaR , the cafe was really easy to find with its eye catching sign bit.ly/196yuY2 .I was kind of caught off guard with this place, it is small yet they have managed to fit so much in there without it appearing clustered or you feeling claustrophobic. There is a very good energetic feel in this place.They have T-shirts bit.ly/196A6Bd , soy candles, precious stones, soaps, incense and yoga  supplies etc bit.ly/196AeAz, bit.ly/196ACim . They also do reiki, angel card readings & numerology.+Reiki Energy Healing Circles every Tuesday@ 7:00pm-8:30pm ($5.00). +Write for Joy every Wednesday@6:00-7:30 ($10.00).+Compassionate Communication every other Thursday@7:30-9:30($20.00).They also have monthly events noted on their website.iConnect also has a massage room bit.ly/13DNEvn , meditation room bit.ly/13DNJPY and yoga room bit.ly/13DNSmj . They offer Hatha Yoga, Flow Yoga and Alignment Yoga (hot & not).The cafe is calmly and modest, the vegan/organic menu serves breakfast lunch(served all day) ,organic coffee's, tea's, salads & deserts. They have a small communal dining counter bit.ly/12ZfNhE and a couple of tables outside.After pondering the menu I decided to order the black bean burger to go($9.00) bit.ly/13DNSmj and a slice of date cake ($3.00) bit.ly/13DNSmj .The black bean burger was unique being it was house made. It was huge, delicious and loaded with cheese. I felt like I was eating one of those burger monsters on Man vs Food on the Travel channel. The fries and salsa sauce were superb, crunchy and light. RATING 4.5I had no idea a vegan cake could taste so spicy & sweet, the icing was especially decadent. I have had horror experiences with vegan cakes from wholepaycheck (wholefoods). RATING 4.5After I ate the burger & the cake, I felt very light and energetic, I felt like I could run a mile. That my friends is a sign from your body that you are eating REAL NUTRITIOUS HEALTHY FOOD. It's an indication that your body and mind is becoming harmonious with the nutrition the Earth has made bountiful for you.The prices for the food is very reasonable for a vegan/organic restaurant.Customer service from Francesca was full of smiles and joy, the new girl is also nice, but she is not glowing like Francesca.
<review# 350,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2013,12/10/2013,333,226,8,8,7>Fast, Well Prepared and Attractively Presented.Our first trip to Shinju (as a result of a Yelp review) was most enjoyable.  What a wonderful discovery!  (It is 11:15 pm and I just got back from a 4 mile run to work off the dinner... at least some of it.)From a sushi bar that had what appears to be 30+ types of sushi and sashimi, a seafood bar with boiled shrimp and crab legs to a hot food line with about another 30 entrees and a hibachi made to order service.  The Mother Load of food.  (Yes, I do know that mother "lode" is the proper spelling but "load" really seemed more appropriate here.  Hence, the four miles... )The sushi and sashimi were attractive, colorful and tasty although the spicy tuna roll was not a spicy as it is in other sushi places.  The boiled shrimp were already peeled and the crab leg clusters had claws.  (Most places do not offer peeled shrimp since the shells slow you down and frequently the meaty crab claws are missing.)The hot food line up was very appealing to the eye... not like the school cafeteria so many places strive to emulate.  And the diversity of colors, sauces, vegetable and meat offerings made for a wonderful symphony of edible delights.  There was asparagus tied together with steak strips, several traditional Chinese dishes, ribs, teriyaki salmon, shrimp and vegetable tempura and even crispy fried chicken wings.  Again, all were well prepared by caring hands and eyes that were tuned in to delighting the eye of the diner.  One disappointment was that everything was on the mild side.  Perhaps that was a concession to the dining population.  I just happen to prefer Szechuan style...hot and spicy.  But it is what it is.The desert bar had ice cream and assorted pastries.  To my surprise, the thing that looked like a brownie was either a brownie or its first cousin.  So many times in a Chinese restaurant, the thing that looks like a brownie is a cube of red bean paste which is not at all interchangeable with a brownie.  If you have ever had your mouth set for a brownie and bitten into red bean paste, you know exactly what I mean...  (Oddly, going the other way does work.  You have resigned yourself to red bean paste and Hey, it IS a brownie!!!)The service was attentive and polite.  The price for the huge offering of food was reasonable.  You just might want to pick a cooler night to dine here in case you need to go running later, too.
<review# 351,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/11/2013,12/9/2013,695,2029,1,15,12>Welcome to a 21st Century retro of a roaring 20's speakeasy with some of the best up to date dance music and fun atmosphere to be found. It's a big place with high ceilings, all sorts of 1920's design, several bars, a central performance stage, a couple of pool tables and some really nice comfy lounge areas with comfortable living room type tables and chairs. I was somewhat miffed when I first arrived because I didn't see a prominent sign stating "Stache." Instead some weird red doorway sign, half written in Chinese that said "Himmie Health Club." Inquiring what that was all about the only answer I got was that since Stache is a speakeasy, the Himmi Health Club was merely a cover up for its actual identity. I have no idea whether or not that explanation is true or holds any water to it, but what I do know is that Stache is a really unique place offering areas within it that have something for everyone, be it bar drinking, dancing, entertainment watching or pleasant lounge seating for relaxation and conversation.It's basically a venue dedicated to special events and theme nights such as "The Great Gatsby Soiree," "Playboy Halloween Gala," "Cabaret Masquerade," a "Danse Macabre" for the formerly alive, "20's Burlesque," along with a good number of organizationally hosted or sponsored events. I was last there for the "After the Movie Burlesque Party" hosted by the Fort Lauderdale Gay and Lesbian Film Festival which I can tell you was one hoot of a fun affair. Stache also seems to go by other names such as Green Room and Drinking Den but when you ask about those names or what the real name is, you might get the response of "Shhhhhh! It's a speakeasy!"But whatever name it goes by and whether speakeasy or not, it's a fun venue that one just can not help but like.
<review# 352,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/22/2013,12/8/2013,296,502,10,19,14>While Miami has many places like LBSG, Ft. Lauderdale does not. Until now that is. Enter Lobster Bar Sea Grille.The establishment is swanky and beautiful. The decor is modern and elegant but still quaint. It looks pretty identical to Chops Lobster Bar in Boca (a sister restaurant). There is a bar on the right as you enter. The entire front section has a lounge feel and the actual dining room is towards the back. There seems to be a room for private parties to the right of that dining room. Everyone was dressed nicely. We were greeted immediately upon arrival and escorted to our table within 3 minutes. They sat us all the way in the back near the open kitchen. We felt uncomfortable right away. Not only did it smell a little bit like food but it was very loud with all the clanking of plates, pots and pans. There were a couple of minutes of confusion by the staff, as we requested a new table. All was fixed in a timely manner and they sat us in a new table, right in the middle of the restaurant. Much better.Our waiter came by with the menus and took our drink order. We didn't get any bread with our meal but did get an amuse bouche. Not a lot of restaurants in the area offer that. It is always a nice touch (especially when it's good!).These are the things we tried:Colossal Maryland Lump Crab Cake- Delicious Char-Grilled Mediterranean Octopus- Very goodLobster Bisque Au Cognac- Good but the waiter asked "Would you like lobster with that?"  I know he meant "chunks" but it just sounded wrong. It was simple and good but not spectacular. Nova Scotia Lobster- DeliciousSouth African Lobster- This was really good. It is flash fried and it stayed perfectly cooked inside. It was not gummy (like nearby Morton's). Bone In Rib Eye- I didn't try this but two in our party raved about it.Parmesan Baked Asparagus- GoodCreamless Corn Mash- Excellent. The portion was small for four people. We all really loved this. Next time, two orders will work out better.Tater Tot Coins- GoodMilk Chocolate Mousse- Really good! Bourbon caramel, vanilla poached peaches and frozen Greek yogurt (which was surprisingly very good too!)Choco-Praline Sundae- Excellent! Hazelnut & chocolate ice cream, banana, blondies and marshmallow. I didn't know what side to eat from each time. I will be ordering this again for sure.Overall, the meal was really great. The menu is really enticing. I had a really hard time choosing what to order. I wanted it all! I ended up choosing lobster because, obviously, that's their specialty. Service was good and professional (for South Florida standards). Corkage fee was $30.00. As we were leaving we realized Dan Marino was sitting a couple of tables away from us. We did not disturb him but it was nice to see a local celebrity supporting and enjoying this newcomer restaurant. I can't blame him. The place is great! I am really looking forward to my next visit already.
<review# 353,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2013,12/7/2013,138,81,5,9,8>In the heart of Himarshee, the party street of Fort Lauderdale, this place has been the site of many failed bars, but this place is different. They redid everything and it looks fantastic! I have actually gone the last two nights- once for a Make-A-Wish event, the second night I went for the UCF game. Finally a UCF bar!! It is owned and operated by UCF alum and being that UCF is the largest school in the state, and currently the 2nd highest ranked football team in the state (Go Knights!!), it's about damn time!!! The guys who opened this place have been involved in many very successful ventures (mostly college type bars) in Orlando.I am trying to get my company to do our holiday party there because it is just so fun! They have something for everyone, a huge center bar with seats, tons of TVs displaying every different sporting event happening that night, outside table seating, inside table seating, and best of all this awesome lounge area in the back with U shaped couches and small tables. Whatever you are in the mood for you can find it here. Saw someone mention crappy service a few reviews back. Not sure what they are talking about. Both nights, not more than 10 minutes went by without a server stopping by. Both nights, the bar was packed and it never took more than three minutes to get a drink at the bar. I am no longer 22 :(, venturing into my "late twenties" so that is a big annoyance at some of the other bars (particularly the "FSU bars" on Las Olas) in the area. If the bar is 5 people deep, you literally can wait 30 minutes for someone to take your order at some of those places. It is ridiculous. This place does not have that problem! Keep in mind Public House has been open about 10 days. There will be some issues to work out, but I personally had no issues. I was with 30 people the first night, 14 the second night, no one else had any issues. Keep in mind this is still not somewhere I am bringing my parents to enjoy dinner. The whole Himmarshee vibe is geared toward 23-35 year olds who are not really looking to be stepped on or clawed over, not looking for a dance club, but looking to throw on some jeans and sandals and hoping to run into some college buddies and enjoy a beer and a conversation. They offer a great happy hour with half price drinks until 7pm. They have an awesome beer selection. They offer all of the "standard beers"- most in bottle or draft form, quite a few IPAs, a few locally brewed Funky Buddha beers, and my favorite "beer" which is Angry Orchid (cider) they have on tap. Food is also well priced and delicious.This is what I have tried:Tuna Tartare- Great! avocado and tuna, some spicy mayo and delicious wontonsWings- only 2 options, I went with the buffalo and they were hotter than I likeFlatbreads- I tried two or three, but the fig, prosciutto with balsamic was my personal favoritePretzels- yummy! It comes with a cheese dip (fondue style), I don't eat cheese but the pretzel itself was greatEmpanadas- these were FANTASTIC! my favorite thing on the menuTacos- my boyfriend ordered steak the first night, our friend ordered fish, both loved them. They were definitely small. Three tacos, but better as a shared app then as someones entreeBurger- my bf ordered last night and loved. The bun looked delicious and it had an egg inside (not my taste) but he was in heavenOverall this place is somewhere I will be heading back often. Great place to watch a game, fun place to hang out with friends. Very friendly staff, we met every manager, they kept stopping by to say hello and ask how we were even though the place was slammed (impressive). Food is good, atmosphere is fun and good beer selection! All I need in a bar :)
<review# 354,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2013,12/6/2013,189,123,3,8,4>Don't Even Question It!I have been coming here for the past year, and I can tell you, just like a fine wine, it is only getting better!!!! Since the first time I visited the food has been absolutely delicious and the service has been 5+ Stars! So hence an updated review. We were so thrilled the first time we went with our server, Chris, that we decided we absolutely would request him each and every time. He guided us through both the wine list and menu taking into account our personal taste requests. His recommendations were spot on and did not disappoint. Last year the only negative thing I could say was that the price points were on the higher side in comparison with local competitors. Well, recently the menu has changed, and the price points are 100% justifiable. You will pay the same price for a steak or fish dish at this restaurant that you would pay at a higher end chain restaurant, but you will get an absolutely AMAZING meal! The menu has recently changed with the addition of a new chef, and he has kept some favorites and made them even BETTER as well as added a South Florida flare to the menu. With the change in chef, the restaurant has only gotten better, and it just might be one of Ft. Lauderdale's best kept secrets! Shhh!! Don't tell anyone, I hate waiting for a table on a Monday night! So, a bit about my recent experience. We went to celebrate the annual Birthday Trifecta. My birthday is 10/6, my daughter's is 10/7 and the hubby's is 10/8. This was the fifth or sixth time we have dined there, but the first time we have brought the children. Well, my kids were extremely upset that we kept this to ourselves. They enjoyed the restaurant as much as we did..the fact that there was Free WiFi in the restaurant definitely added some extra points to their scoreboard...and mine. When greeted by Chris, he welcomed us back, sincerely acknowledged and greeted the children and walked us through the new menu. He pointed out some new dishes that he thought we would like and told us about a couple of changes, rather improvements, to our favorite dishes. He asked if we were having wine and then offered to bring us over a couple of recommendations. As usual, I went against what I thought I wanted to drink, and went with his choice, which was a 2010 bottle of Copain Syrah. It was smooth and went well with my meal. :) The meal started off with the best appetizer you will have...EVER! Sea Scallops pan seared and lightly caramelized and served with a porcini butter sauce that is made from pieces of heaven.. and this heaven in your mouth is only $10!!! The sauce is so good, you *might have caught me licking the plate after the bread from the SECOND bread basket was all gone... Then to cleanse the palate and attempt to eat something green... Next up is the Caprese salad. The mozzarella and white balsamic vinaigrette are made at the restaurant and are to die for...they are served with HUGE basil leaves and sliced heirloom tomatoes. For dinner I had the filet. It is so tender, you can literally cut it with your butter knife...I did try, and succeeded! It is topped with borsin cheese and served with madeira wine sauce. The filet is typically plated with french style green beans and garlic mashed potatoes but I wanted to switch it up Monday night so I got sautéed spinach and french fries. Of course the french fries were not your typical frozen french fry, they were made from potatoes in house and were soooo good!!! The spinach was so good it would have made Popeye proud. Typically this is it. I throw in the towel and call it a night...perhaps ask for a to-go box, too...but on Monday, I practically fasted before dinner. I was ready for a great meal!!! I ordered two desserts. One was a key lime tart with a cookie crust and a merengue top. It was served with HOMEMADE vanilla ice-cream, and had grated white chocolate all over it. YUMMY! To satisfy the need for chocolate I ordered their Chocolate Chip Bread Pudding. WOW.WOW. It was that good! It was served with HOMEMADE Mocha ice-cream and HOMEMADE Hazelnut ice-cream.. it had grated dark chocolate all over it..I think I died and went to heaven. I honestly can not re-itterate how amazing this place is. The service from Chris is top notch from beginning to end, with a personal touch. I typically find that great servers at restaurants like this tend to be stuffy and lack personality. Well, not Chris. I have seen him interact with other tables, and he feeds from what his guests give him. If you want a waiter to take your order and maintain your table with utmost professionalism, that's him. If you want that with a personality and honest recommendations, he is your man, too.Check this place out and ask for Chris. You won't be disappointed!!!
<review# 355,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2013,12/5/2013,757,426,3,6,6>Cool, cozy, secret, secluded, localesque and outta the way kind joint packed with homemade, handcrafted, and delish deli sammies that are to die for! Add in the abundance of casual seating, sofa's, some sweet high tops, and a laid back vibe. Then stir in a smidgen-n-mixen of an abundant choice of home and craft brewed beers, the likes of which selection-wise you canno' find in most places, and you combine to have a cool, hip, and trendy sailboat-bend kinda place that attracts cool, and well balanced folks like nobody's bis-NASS! Hummus: I'm a huge fan. One of my favorite joints for hummus has always been Opa on Hollywood Beach because you can mix it up right at your table with a mortar pestle. That was until I got some hummus from here at the Riv. WOW! Try it, thank me later. RICH flavor. Very, very distinctive. Score, all around. If my 6-pack hadn'ta cost $34 I would've been in a for another star. Good stuff. Cabeza approved. Find more gems of the South Florida food and drink landscape right here on my YouTube domain, you heard: bit.ly/X7ZATS
<review# 356,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2013,12/4/2013,440,356,3,9,5>My new favorite spot on the Ave. This place is so cozy and small but the food and service is great. We stopped by on a Thursday there was only one other couple there besides our group of 4. Our server brought us homemade bread- so soft and very warm. It is addicting. We noticed there are no menus. Instead it is written on a chalk board at the bar section. It is pretty big so you won't have a problem seeing it. For started we ordered the Roasted Beet & Goat Cheese Salad. This comes with romaine lettuce and pickled onions. This by far is my favorite salad. The goat cheese was warm and the beet was delicious. For Entrée my friend recommended the Housemade Ravioli- she stated it was the best she had ever tried! Good thing I took her word for it! It was amazing. It was my first time having chicken ravioli. It also has mossarella, ricotta, and fresh tomato. The combination is the best. I could eat several bowls of this delicious entrée. I am not huge on dessert but good thing we saved room. We ordered the strawberry tart with fresh ice cream. It was the best.This place is hidden but definitely worth checking out. You will not be disappointed.
<review# 357,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2013,12/3/2013,287,564,6,11,8>One of my new FAVORITE locations for burgers, wings and sweet potato fries!! The old adage "Don't judge a book by its cover" is sooo true. After a little bit of mid-week shopping we were looking for a quick bite. I had no idea, there were such good burgers tucked away on a little street off of Commercial Ave. Thank you Yelpers for recommending such a hidden gem!! We came in and took a seat at one of the high tables lined against the window, there is also an outdoor patio and a bar counter top for guests to dine. Almost immediately, Curtis, the owner of Burgers & Suds stopped by our table to introduce the menu, himself and to get our drink orders in! FYI: Everyday from 7-9pm beers are 5 for $12 for domestic and 5 for $15 for imported.Wednesday's 7-9 dinner special offered a free appetizer with the purchase of two burgers and two sandwiches! I had to have the Lamb burger  with the famous sweet potato fries while my friend had the Ray Rodeo Burgers with onion rings! As our appetizer we chose 1/2 honey garlic wings and 1/2 sweet and spicy wings. The wings were the BEST I have EVER had!!! Hands down!! It put everyone else's wings to shame! I mean, seriously amazing, with fresh minced garlic atop!! FRESH!! The sauces are all homemade and it makes a world of difference!! You must try the homemade hot sauce-but please be warned, it is HOT!!! Delicious but HOT!My lamb burger was huge and every bit the deliciousness I anticipated! The goat cheese fused wonderfully with the lamb! The Ray Rodeo burger is also amazing!! I mean, bacon tasted sooo fresh!! All of their meats are purchased locally and purchased the same day!! That's unheard of these days!! We closed out our meal by splitting a red velvet cake pop!! To be perfectly honest, it was beyond any other cake pop I have ever tasted. The chocolate is hardened atop and the cake is moist and flavorful. I really wished I lived or worked in Fort Lauderdale because it does not get any better than Burgers & Suds. I love the service, love that the owner is there and approachable. The prices are amazing and its worth the trek back very soon!!
<review# 358,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2013,12/2/2013,40,74,2,7,7>I had been living down the street from this place for a while and after reading some Yelp reviews I convinced my husband I had a pregnancy craving for pancakes and we *HAD* to go!First off, it's really cool that the original dining car placed there in 1952 is still there. When you first walk in, you're in the added-on addition. For history, go to the left and sit in the original dining car. Very cool.To the right is the (in my opinion) the plainer addition.It's a typical diner, but I think has a ton more character and better quality food than Starlight in Oakwood.Because of Melody Y.'s review that the pancakes are like donuts I ordered the Super Duper - 2 pancakes, 2 scrambled eggs, 2 slices bacon, Canadian bacon and a sausage link. (at the amazing price of $7.49)Those were possibly the best pancakes I've ever had! My husband got the french toast so we swapped bites - While the toast was good I'm really glad I got the pancakes.I kinda want to go back just to have more pancakes!
<review# 359,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2013,12/1/2013,37,50,5,7,6>I'm not sure where to begin, so I'll start with this statement:This is the best Thai food I've ever eaten.As you walk in, the place is rather unassuming.  It's starkly decorated and kinda dark, but personally, I really like places like that.  It's very quiet too, even though there are people eating inside.  I'm guessing it's so quiet because everyone is too busy stuffing their faces with yummy food.I ordered my favorite dish - Pad Thai with fried tofu for take-out.  When she handed me my bag, I drove home like Mad Max so I could still enjoy the food while it was warm.  They packed it in a styrofoam container, then wrapped it in plastic wrap.  In the bag were also an egg roll and a small container of rice.Not being able to control myself, I tore into the egg roll.  Crispy on the outside, piping hot on the inside, veggie goodness in the middle.  You get a small cup of sauce with that, but I was driving and just didn't have the time for that.I have to admit, the rice confused me a little, but I pinched a few little nibbles with my fingers.  Sticky and flavorful, not undercooked or overcooked.  Just right.When I got home, I tore open the saran wrap like a child on Christmas morning.  To my surprise, the food was still too hot to eat.  "Whatever," I thought.  "It's totally worth the third degree burns."  That delicately sweet umami* flavor hit my tongue and it's as if the heavens opened and the angels sang.  The noodles and tofu were very flavorful.  The tofu had that perfect bit of resistance to it - expertly cooked.  The scallions were cooked, but not droopy or too crispy.  Each bite had just the right amount of egg and peanut for that perfect salty/sweet taste.Run, drive like Mad Max, whatever you do...go here for the best Thai food you'll ever eat.*Umami (ooh-mommy) - noun - a taste sensation that is meaty or savory and is produced by several amino acids and nucleotides.  (Merriam Webster Dictionary)
<review# 360,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/21/2013,11/30/2013,360,368,5,9,9>Finally We Get a Green Market.I love green markets but I always had to go to another city to visit one. Not anymore:)  Located in the future downtown area of Coral Springs about 40 to 50 vendors set up to sell their wares. Empanadas, jams, homemade Popsicles, fudge, cupcakes, make your own salads, hummus, hand painted coconuts, bed sheets, Jamaican food, herbs, people doing yoga, hotdogs, French pastries , French bread, coffee that makes you lose weight, fresh produce, pasta, Sicilian pizza, honey, free spinal checks, Spider-Man, and fresh fruit drinks. Lots of stuff to choose from.This green market has potential. I mean I got a large bag of fruit and vegetables for 14 bucks. Limes, apples, celery, onions, red peppers, and tomatoes. Great deal.  The only drawback is the location. It being at Sample and University is not the problem, as a matter of fact, that is awesome. It's behind a big mostly empty office building near an abandoned drive thru bank teller. Coral Springs owns all the property so it makes sense to have it there. At some point, I hope before I die lol, the vision of the city to make that area a true downtown complex and a green space will happen. But for now its in this makeshift location which is better than nothing.  I suggest that until this vision becomes reality, the city must spruce up that area with some temporary shelters, some nice grass, some benches and make the space cozier. You are going to hold this event every Saturday so you should make the investment. I usually like going to green markets early before it gets hot and to have first pick at produce etc... But I was telling my wife this would be a great spot to walk around and nosh on all the food during lunch hours. Having a outdoor food court with some cold beer and wine with some shady places to sit would be awesome. Maybe a little live music too. A man can dream, but the Coral Springs should and could make this happen.I highly recommend you go and check it out. If you live in Coral Springs, you must go and support your community. This is a great place to do that and get some great chow and deals at the same time. Remember to tell them Dan sent you and Stay Hungry!
<review# 361,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2013,11/29/2013,143,261,2,6,4>Welcome to Good Burger, home of the good burger, can I take your ooorder?I was craving me a nice thick burger on a fine Sunday afternoon. After a little bit of thought & the obvious consulting of Yelp, I decided to check out Rok:Brgr. Am I glad to have this place!I was able to use my check-in offer for a free premium well drink. (Premium well. Is that an oxymoron?) She used her gender to score a free mimosa. Not really looking to be drinking on a Sunday afternoon, we stuck with our one free drink while we enjoyed the delight of what we owed the visit. The rok:brgr was everything I was jonesin' for. Thick & juicy. Full of flavor. I took it with the tots which were just as delicious. Perfectly salted & seasoned. Only left me wanting more yet I was completely satisfied with my meal. Just over a day removed from my visit & I can go for another one right now.
<review# 362,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2013,11/28/2013,402,320,6,12,11>I have heard so many great things about this family-owned restaurant.  I figured it was time to finally check it out.  We came here on Friday night for dinner.  It was not packed yet because it was still early.We had a seat outside, and the daughter came to greet us for our drink orders.  As I scanned the menu, all the great vegan and vegetarian options pleasantly surprised me. We started with the calypso lemonade. I am a huge lemonade fan, and this beverage did not disappoint.For an appetizer, we ordered the eggplant dip.  This was small slices of garlicky bread, which was a perfect match for this flavorful dip.  Next, we split the roti with jerk-flavored tofu and the mac & cheese (plain).  The roti dish came with a side of rice, veggies and sweet plantains. The entire meal was fantastic.  The food was bursting with flavor, and it was very simple for me to order items as a vegetarian.  I met the father, mother and daughter who run the restaurant.  Reading through the reviews and seeing people call the daughter ...odd.  Well, it makes total sense.  However, we all have a little character inside of us.  I guess that would be the nicest way to mention her.
<review# 363,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2013,11/27/2013,165,221,2,8,6>I'm a sucker for good costumer service. I can overlook mediocre food if the service is awesome, if the service is bad, there inst a dish in the world that will make go back to a restaurant ever again.Thankfully, Gilbert's has the best of both worlds. The service alone earns them 10 stars, and the the food was delicious! I'm a BIG fan! We walked in and were greeted by one of the owners, he asked us if it was our first time there, and then explained their specials and his favorites. I ordered a split pea soup and an Asian salad, my husband ordered a cheeseburger and fries. We got our cups for soda and proceeded to the self serve area, my husband was trying to put the lit of the cup on and the cup flipped, splashing orange soda everywhere. The waiters were super nice, and kept telling us not to worry, and would not allow us to help them clean the mess.Once seated, the soup came out, and it was amazing. It was very thick and tasty, and I cant wait to go back to try more of their soups. Soon thereafter, our meals came out. My salad was pretty good, but I kinda wish I had ordered the pecan strawberry salad (next time!) and my husbands burger was AMAZING. I had a bite and immediately regretted not ordering it.Again, the waiter kept coming to check up on us, he brought us ketchup, refilled our drinks (even though its a self serve machine) and they were very attentive the whole time.Definitely a good place for a quick, nice meal.
<review# 364,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2013,11/26/2013,5,33,,4,3>Highly, Highly Recommend!Being new to the area, we had been looking for a great place for after work drinks. This is the spot. The bar was pretty quiet when we arrived - but it soon, filled up. The Bartender was energetic and friendly (if I owned a bar - I'd totally hijack her for my staff!) What started out as just drinks - turned into a snack and then dinner. As patrons around us placed orders and food came out - we had to stay to try more. Highlights: Killer Bone Marrow dish. Never thought I would try it, but the presentation was interesting, so we gave it a shot - A-Mazing. Melts in your mouth, I'm salivating just thinking about it. The Zucchini Chips - Yummy. Also, the Fried Green Tomatoes with Pork Belly - great combo, bursting with flavor. And finally the Bread Pudding - we had actually closed our tab, before dessert and were ready to leave. But, the hubby needed to use the restroom before we left (to get there, you walk past the open kitchen). When he came back, he said 'I just saw the Bread Pudding, we NEED it'! So, back to the bar we went. Well worth it. Overall - atmosphere, aesthetic and staff were great. Food was delicious, well worth the prices. We will most definitely be returning!
<review# 365,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2013,11/25/2013,250,136,3,6,5>I haven't been to this place in years!! I used to love coming here to get my nails or hair done. This is a small, quiet day spa tucked away on the corner of University Drive and Sunrise Blvd. They offer typical services such as facials, massages, hair removal, manicures/pedicures, hair styling and much more. Over the weekend, I was riding in someone else's car. I believe I had a small case of whiplash (or some form of back pain) because at one point, I was flung forward and back. This happened more than once. This is also why I typically drive myself everywhere because I don't trust other's to drive the way I would drive - which is in a manner that will keep me safe!! Upon arriving at our destination, I felt a twinge in my back. I had hoped it would go away, however, yesterday, it was bothering me quite a bit. My neck was stiff and I could barely turn my head. I called the spa and made an appointment for that afternoon. The place was dead when I arrived. There is a sign on the door stating that they will be closed on Mondays from this point on. I'm not sure why. I didn't ask questions. I'm sure that's why there wasn't anyone in there though. I went back. Kay spoke with me a little about my concerns and trouble areas. She left the room and came back when I was ready. She worked on my trouble zones. I wasn't sure if she was putting enough pressure on my back, because as someone who used to give massages, I can tell the if someone is good at what they do or not. Plus, I can handle it. Some people are extremely sensitive to the deep tissue massage, I am not so sensitive. The pain is necessary to get the toxins out and to loosen the tight muscles. It was over too soon. My back felt a bit loose, but was still a bit tender/in pain. I waited until today to write the review because I knew I needed to sleep and allow my muscles to rejuvenate. I am able to write this with complete confidence in Kay's abilities as a masseuse. My back has minimal pain. It feels MUCH better than it did yesterday. My neck is also not nearly as stiff. I am extremely happy with the treatment I received yesterday. They have specials on their website from time to time. If you happen to live in the Plantation area, check them out. It's completely worth it.
<review# 366,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2013,11/24/2013,219,226,5,7,6>One of our favorite spots oceanside.  And yes, Houseguests Beware!  You will likely dine here during your stay with us! ;-)Italian influenced cuisine set in an adorable cafe with front row seats to a stunning ocean view.  What more could you ask for?You can almost hear the canopied tables calling your name as a gentle ocean breeze caresses your skin.   The al fresco dining area is distinguished by warm sunset colored umbrellas shading two dozen select tables.   The white backdrop of the building only makes the dining area stand out and call your attention.   The hostess does not have to ask whether you would like to dine indoors or out.   Everyone wants a select seat outdoors.  Once seated, you fully appreciate the view.   Cobblestones beneath your feet, a plethora of beach goers parade past while just beyond, a white concrete swirl stands between you and the ocean sand.    Your gaze falls upon the winds rippling the ocean, traveling unto the palm trees until it finally passes through your hair.  The menu is equally inspiring.   The possibility of a bite from various corners of the world awaits you.   Fresh Guacamole, Spicy Ahi Tuna,  Greek Salad or Thai Chicken...  something for any taste bud.  Breakfast, lunch, dinner dessert or drinks... the possibilities are endless here. We've been here countless times for one meal or another.  We always start with the Fresh Guacamole and Chips.   The avocados are fresh, the onions are crunchy.   If you like it extra lime-y, or spicier, just ask for additional lime and/or jalapenos.  I love Lime and Cilantro so I always ask for more! Our favorites are:- Linguini Trio de Funghi: linguine pasta tossed with a variety of mushrooms, in a mushroom sauce.  If you love Mushrooms, this is your dish- Penne Monte Carlo: oil tossed penne with garlic and fresh tomatoes.   On the oily side, but popular. - Agnolotti Full Moon: a type of ravioli in a pink sauce with large succulent shrimp- Chicken Parmesan: Heavy for a beach day, but tasty if you are looking for a heavy meal.- Chicken Marsala: slightly lighter, but still heavy.- Blackened Mahi Sandwich: Fresh light fish.- Shrimp and Avocado Salad: I love fresh avocado and shrimp!  One of my favorites!! The Avocado is perfectly ripe.  The shrimp is succulent.  I prefer my salad with vinaigrette on the side and just lime and pepper. The Signature Cocktails are delicious!  I love the:- Mango Mojito: refreshing and delicious.  - Frozen Silver Margarita (lime or mango).  Made with fresh mango and fresh lime. Delicious.Definitely check this place out!  Take a day off from your life and just enjoy the bliss that comes with a day oceanside!
<review# 367,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2013,11/23/2013,187,216,2,4,3>Welcome to the neighborhood 7 Pecados.Great addition of an Argentinean establishment in the Pines area.The waiter was nice and accommodating. We visited on a weekday evening, so there wasn't much of a crowd. The wife and I ventured over here due to a lazy evening coming back from work not wanting to lift a finger for grub.  When we got there, there was so much on the menu we wanted to try but our tummies just couldn't fit it all. Let's start...since we weren't able to make up our mind, we opted to make a spread of small bites. Beef Carpaccio: probably one on my faves! Beef thinly sliced layered on a cold plate and topped with arugula and lots of shaved parmesan and drizzled with great tasting olive oil. Empanadas: - Beef: very tasty ground beef, full of flavor and brought the flaky crisp crust to life blending in all together. - Chicken: was okay. Missing something to it, not as flavorful as the the beef, maybe because I had the beef first. But it is made with breast meat so it's somewhat understandable. Grilled sausage: yummy. 3 links to the order. Just the right amount to make you want more. Not too salty, well balanced. Pizza: arugula and prosciutto. Prosciutto on the salty side, but hey its prosciutto, supported to be. This was probably my least favorite. It felt like the pizza dough was premade and then topped with the toppings and reheated. One knows when you take the first bite and all the toppings slip off of the dough. This is a no no for me. If you're going to have a nice pizza oven like 7 pecados, come on now, make it when ordered. It completely killed my mood for pizza that evening. This was really my only complaint. Word of advice. If you don't like falling toppings, don't order this here. I need to give 7 Pecados a second chance and go back to have an entree and really experience what they have to offer. Looks like they have certain evenings that they offer half priced wines by the bottle. That's what I'm talking about!!
<review# 368,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2013,11/22/2013,73,205,3,5,6>Wow wow wow... I can't believe I only found this place last week!!I live convinced that there are a million cool places around me, I just don't know that they exist.  Taco Beach Shack is proof of that.  Right off of AIA (across the street from Taverna Opa), this place had somehow escaped my radar.  We headed out on a Friday night, and I didn't really know what to expect.  I was in the mood for hanging, chatting, live music, good food and good beers.  Taco Beach Shack delivered on all accounts!All the seating is outdoors, and there are plenty of tables, chairs, benches and lounges to be found.  They had Yuengling and Longboard on tap (yay!) and after 10pm they had $1 tacos.  Before 10 they had an AMAZING bolero trio, seriously, I would come back just for the music alone!  We also got their guac and salsa, which was really good, and a FRIED CHEESECAKE BURRITO which was even better than it sounds!  They also have a large projector, which was playing Bruce Lee movies while we were there, but I hear tell they play basketball/football games on there usually.I can't wait to go back!  As if this doesn't sound amazing enough, all of the staff was awesome too!  Seriously, this place makes me rethink some of the other 5 star reviews I've given out.  Way to go, Taco Beach Shack!
<review# 369,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2013,11/21/2013,271,213,1,6,4>I came here because my husband wanted to give it a new go with open mic on a Tuesday night. This place has definitively its regular goers and what it has too, is a wide variety of specialty beers. I had the chocolate stout and paired it with an order of warm pretzels.  An order of 2 huge authentic pretzels is $5.50.  That is totally worth it in my book. Their menu is not very extensive but it covers the basics and the some British specials.  A must order, if you have sweet tooth: the warm toffee pudding with ice cream. To die for! By far one of my favorite dessert in a while. It's big enough for 2.  (that's it.. :)) As mentioned above, on Tuesday night they have open mic where anyone can sign up to play 3 songs on their guitar.  It's a fun way to get your talents out and have some fun while doing it. On a side note: our waitress was very fast, precise and extremely polite, despite the fact that she was the only one taking all the orders. I call that efficient!
<review# 370,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/16/2013,11/20/2013,36,136,1,8,3>Can't believe I forgot to write this review sooner! My husband and I went here last month with another couple on a rainy Tuesday night. I had been wanting to go here and saw a Groupon so we went to check it out.It turned out that they were having a Cheap Date Night special that night, so we didn't even end up using the Groupon.My husband and I did the special, which ended up being the following: some kind of delicious fried cheesy jalapenos for appetizer, beer battered chicken and hand cut fries for dinner (these were delicious! There were other options for the entrees, but I'm in for beer battered anything), then an incredible display of peanut butter/chocolate cheesecake + slice of apple pie + another slice of something I can't remember because my husband ate it too fast.The other couple ordered the gorgonzola honey chips (they were surprisingly amazing), the crab cakes (his review of them was 'EPIC') and the curry chicken (she said it was good, but not the best curry she's had). We will definitely be back to try out the regular menu items!
<review# 371,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/8/2013,11/19/2013,201,258,,9,3>I went here with a group of eighteen people.  We sat outside on the back patio.  I decided to order a few appetizers instead of an entree.  The spinach and artichoke dip served with warm corn chips was very tasty.  I also enjoyed the flatbread.  My friend ordered trout, but sent it back.  He said it was full of bones and kind of dry.  He changed it for the blackened mahi mahi which he said was delicious. Other people sitting near me had macadamia encrusted tilapia, steak and shrimp, and a cheese burger.  All three dishes were hits.  My friend Steve said his cheeseburger was one of the best he's ever had.  The service was friendly and attentive, which was great since we were such a large group.  Best of all we got separate checks, so we didn't have to figure what each person owed.  Because we were a group the gratuity was included on the check.  Several people ordered cocktails which ran about $9 or $10 each.  I saw a card on the table that listed a special beer for $3.50, but I didn't try it,The outside patio was covered.  It was a pleasant evening, so it wasn't very hot outside.  There was a band playing music, but it didn't interfere with our conversations.  Since it was dark out we couldn't see the ocean, but we saw occasional lights from passing boats.The prices were a little on the high side, but the servings were large, and the food was very good.  The only problem was parking.  If you go, expect to leave your car with the valet.  Valet parking was not very expensive, but it was not free either.Just a note:  There was an attendant in the ladies rest room.  If you have to go there you might want to bring money for a tip.
<review# 372,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/26/2013,11/18/2013,90,118,2,6,3>I was taken here by my boyfriend after he heard amazing things from a friend of his who had the opportunity not only to take the tour, but also to play with the lion cubs. From the moment the tour began, our guide, Ashlyn, was absolutely spectacular. She was knowledgable, friendly, and had a great sense of humor. Moreover, she took the time to ensure the visitors had the best time possible while visiting McCarthy's.I was pleasantly surprised over and over as the tour went on. The bonds between the animals and the staff are obvious through their interaction, and it was quite amazing to see the love they had for each other. All of the animals looked healthy and happy. and they were energetic and playful. The grounds and animal areas were very tidy and clean, and the kitchen was spotless. $25 is a BARGAIN for this experience; however, on the positive side, it makes it feasible enough to return over and over again. The only thing that could have made this trip better would have been to have the once in a lifetime opportunity to play with the lion cubs. I really was disappointed to not have the chance to take part in the animal encounter... maybe next time! Now that I know about this place, I will continue to visit and stay up-to-date on the "happenings"
<review# 373,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2013,11/17/2013,133,81,15,20,14>If I could give my experience more stars I would!! My boyfriend and I attended their Dining in the Dark event last night (Tuesday) and had a blast!When we arrived we checked in with the manager and he was very nice. He talked to us a little bit about what was gonna happen through out the evening. Since we arrived early we hung out at the bar and had a drink. The bartender was super nice and told us we were gonna have a great time. When we told him we really liked the wine he served us he showed us the bottle and said we should take a picture of it to remember hahaMichael, the server hosting the event soon came around and introduced himself. Michael was amazing! He was a BIG part of the night going so well. He not only did such a great job maneuvering around in the dark he had a wonderful personality. So nice and a great sense of humor. I definitely plan on returning back to Solitas and will definitely request Michael for a server.Not only was the ambiance and service great but the food was spectacular.  With our Dinning in the Dark event we got a 3 course meal.  First up was an amazing fried eggplant dish topped with house made mozzarella, tomato, balsamic and Arugula.  The next course was a delicious pasta dish with italian sausage, mixed vegetables and a tomato sauce.  The 3rd course was a lightly breaded shrimp on top of sautéed spinach and a lemon butter cream sauce.   We topped it all off with a yummy dessert they called their Ugly Cake which was brownie, topped with cheesecake, chocolate cake and chocolate mousse.  It definitely satisfied any sweet craving.  The food was fabulous, the wait staff was fabulous, everything was just great.  Since we don't get out much with a 6 year old in the house, we were thrilled that we were able to have such an enjoyable night out.  Can't wait to return to SoLita's to see what other scrumtious dishes they cook up.
<review# 374,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2013,11/16/2013,124,34,12,17,13>Unbelievable, mind-blowingly, amazing are the first three adjectives that come to mind after the two words "Alegria Tacos", and yes ignore the fact that one of them is grammatically incorrect. It's acceptable when we're talking about this good of a place. Although this may sound slightly "cheesy" (no pun intended), this has to be said--this place takes me back to what this whole site is meant for, giving credit where credit is due for these "hole in the wall", otherwise difficult to find places that would be lost in a see of chain restaurants and overpriced imitations of what the real deal is supposed to taste like. The first bite will have you redefining your standard of Mexican food. Just that good. Yes, looks wise it's not the most glamorous place to have a meal, it takes hole in the wall to the next level, but the food...my god the food is AMAZING! I had the asada torta and a friend had the asada tacos....both were incredible. The tortas comes on warm bread, melted cheese, refried beans and sour cream spread, avocados, onion, cilantro, tomatoes, and was just a whole other world of deliciousness. The tacos were amazing too, perfectly cooked and my bite was heavenly. The server/cook was a lady, and she was super friendly. Not badly priced for the portions and quality. It also came with tortilla chips and homemade salsa, which by the way was really spicy! So if your not in to the heat, forgo that. Overall, amazing place. Don't let the looks of it scare you off, do yourself a favor and go! I'm already watering at the mouth at the thought of my next visit!
<review# 375,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2013,11/15/2013,215,252,6,8,6>Awesome place! I stumbled upon this restaurant with a friend out of town when we had intended to go to the Japanese restaurant nearby. But we are both pro-organic foodies and it is hard to find a place that is all about being organic and gluten-free as much as possible. The restaurant is very clean, white, and simple. It has the feel of an upperscale kind deli where behind the counter is the actual kitchen that you can see and watch the chefs prepare your meal while you sit at one of the tables in the dining room. At each table there were glass bottles of water and glasses ready for you while you wait to be greeted by a server. The menu was actually very delightful- no meat, no dairy, and no gluten. I had never really had a meal that was all vegetarian because I love chicken and fish. However, everything in there smelled so amazing.We ordered the avocado on toast as a starter and we happened to pick the same meal- the warm grain bowl of Spicy Mexican. The server said it was spicy hot. We love spicy and we were like go ahead and get us that anyway.  It arrived and it was with quinoa & black beans, guac, jalpeno slices, cabbage and romaine and cashew "cheese'. HEAVEN! I was really impressed with their version of "cheese" with cashews. It really fooled me as it reminded me of the taste and texture of Annie's Mac and Cheese cheese sauce. It wasn't THAT spicy, but maybe we just have a high tolerance of spicy foods. :) Yum! We ate it all!We also had smoothies to go to bring with us to the beach. I had the Yogi Fix and my friend had the Goji Kick. Delishhhhhhh!Now... I probably wouldn't come back for a full meal with smoothies because their prices are HIGH. Our smoothies were almost $14 each.... But the warm grain bowl (half) was $9.50 which was reasonable and our starter toast was $4.75 and again reasonable but it was for only 2 pieces of toast which is fine for a company of 2 persons. I don't know exactly what the bill was as my friend insisted on paying for it all. But I will guess it was around $55 for the two of us. :-/ Expensive... the smoothies totally pushed it over. But.... they were all still sooo delicious!
<review# 376,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2013,11/14/2013,87,128,,5,5>We had not been back since they moved to their new location (yes... it was a couple of years ago!) Now I feel bad we didn't visit earlier.  We were lucky enough to get seated at the kitchen table (the bar/counter area in front of the kitchen).  So we basically got dinner and a show!  First thing I noticed...  the kitchen was impeccably clean.  This is a busy, crowded, working kitchen after all... so it was pretty amazing to see everyone work. Second thing I saw,..  the dishes were beautiful, and tasty.  We had such a hard time deciding what to order since EVERYTHING looked to die for.  We finally decided on the octopus appetizer.  Grilled octopus is such a hit-or-miss dish; over cook it and it becomes rubbery, under cook it and it has a gross gooey texture.  This grilled octopus was 'al dente'... perfectly cooked.  I then ordered a dinner special, the guitar string pasta with king crab in a creamy tomato sauce.  With generous chunks of crab meat and sundried tomatoes, I didn't want this dish to end.  Husband had the short rib. It melted in your mouth...  The service was amazing. Our waiter was so nice, patient, explained the specials and helped us with our wine selection.  We are so happy we chose to spend our anniversary dinner over at Valentino's.
<review# 377,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2013,11/13/2013,292,387,20,32,24>* * * Tired of the same old Friday night routines ? ? ?* * * Tired of spending Friday nights moisturizing grandma's "cankles" ? ? ?* * * Searching the TV for Friday night shows even though Friday night TV sucks ? ? ?* * * Hanging around the kitchen baking a bund't cake ? ? ?* * * LOOK NO MORE ! ! !400+ cyclists... 800+ bike lights... a few helmets... a mega-speaker on a bike trailer providing much needed tunes... and an open grass field at War Memorial Auditorium to park cars and get prepped.Basically, Critical Mass is a bike ride with lots of strangers... yeah, they promote bicycle use and it's origins were those of protests in San Francisco;  but today the nitty gritty comes down to a "bike ride".It's a blast and can be a lot of fun and quite social... you can't help meeting tons of others that like (or love) to cycle (just like us).When the group starts it can be a bit tight at first and the front of the pack gets quite congested and challenging when trying to maneuver around other riders.  You learn fast to speak up (ON YOUR LEFT... PASSING YOU ON THE RIGHT... WATCH THE CURB... OH CRAP).  As the ride gets going, the front of the pack tends to pick up speed but inexperienced riders may want to avoid the front clusters of people to avoid bumping and rubbing into each other, not to mention the unexpected stops.  Then again slower riders should do their best to avoid falling behind to the rear... the middle is the goal... the middle is good... be in the middle.NO MAN LEFT BEHIND... is the typical practice as well.  They cork the intersections;  basically use bikers to hold off the traffic, even go through red lights, in order to keep the group together but that is the reason slower riders should not hold up the rear.  The pace is not too fast and if you are worried about speed then consider this... on the Friday night ride I saw plenty of children around 10 years of age hanging in there just fine.The rides are not limited to the last Friday night of each month either... There are rides posted under Fort Lauderdale Critical Mass site on Facebook regularly... facebook.com/groups/ftLc…My personal favorite (which is where I got my Critical Mass cherry popped) is the "Prohibition" ride every Monday night at 8 pm.  The group meets up at Cooley's Landing park... rides about 12 miles at about 16 to 20 mph... and ends at Tap42 for $5 dollar prohibition burger night (and beers).To confess...  I didn't do the "Prohibition" ride (I lied)...  I actually did the "SLOW-hibition" ride...  meeting at the same place and riding the same route but we leave a few minutes after the "Prohibition" group but ride at a much slower pace (PERFECT for first timers).To clarify...  Prohibition Ride (Monday nights), Slowhibition Ride (Monday nights) and BiciHangeo Urban Ride (Wednesday nights) are weekly (much smaller groups of about 75 people each ride)... the big ride (and the one that Critical Mass is known for) is ONLY on the LAST Friday of each month with around 400 bikes....COME OUT TO RIDE AND HAVE FUN
<review# 378,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2013,11/12/2013,62,56,5,6,4>You need alot of patience and time in here but the food is always so fresh and so worth the hassle.  Parking is a pain in the butt, it's big but for some reason every elder person feels the need to block the entry way or park along the entrance making it impossible to get through easily. Now inside is like food heaven.  They have everything you need and did I mention FRESH.  You don't have to worry about picking fruit or veggies that will taste bad.  You can grab any of them and you are guaranteed it will be yummy.  They sell these awesome fruit platters at prices and sizes, perfect for any occasion.  I usually buy some for Thanksgiving and Christmas.  They have a meat and seafood departments with a large selection.  I've had the snapper from there and it's big and yummy, one slice is good for one person.  They also have a huge hot food selection.  I tried these egg rolls from there, AHMAZING.  They have large salads too which will last for about 2-3 servings.  They stay fresh after days.They have a wine sections which is awesome and reasonable prices.Must check this place out on your own.  Remember time and patience is the key to surviving this awesome place but once you go you will keep coming back.
<review# 379,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2013,11/11/2013,381,162,3,6,5>I have been coming here since I'm a little girl & still continue to come here on a regular basis (20+ years).The dinner portions are very generous but some of the items are a miss, such as the onion rings. Although the burger platter and the pastrami sandwich are definitely worth having. The ice-cream is homemade and it lives up to its expectations. I've tried hundreds of flavors and they all are superb. The toppings are equally as good. The special sundaes they have are big and can easily be shared amongst a group of friends.Not only to mention the ice cream but my man: Stan! He brought such a smile to my face, he has been there ever since I started going over 20 years ago and I am so sad to see him go. Stan, I love you baby! The only misses with Jaxsons is the waiting time & parking. I try to go early sometimes but I still wind up waiting 20-30 minutes before I even get Seated. Make sure you have plenty of time because chances are you'll be waiting in that line. The parking is such a pain, because it's in a small plaza the spaces fill up very quickly and it's next to impossible to find a spot. But all the misses make up for it because I thoroughly enjoy coming here and it's a great place to bring the family.
<review# 380,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2013,11/10/2013,108,342,,4,2>Funky Buddha makes some of the best beers in the U.S. and even on the planet. Yeah, I said it and won't be the first or last. How could I not be excited about one of the top breweries in the world opening their first production operation in Oakland Park, just 10 minutes from where I work and live in Fort Lauderdale? Went for the grand opening, and despite it being rainy and nasty outside, like 4,000 people showed up. Planning to go back this week and sample more delicious beers. The place is huge and nice looking. Check out the wooden carved bar, it is cool. They have nice flat screens for game watching, a live stage outside, and every night they will have food trucks parked at the curb so you won't go hungry. This is such a great addition to this part of town and to Broward County in general. The Funky Buddha's "thing" is making delicious beers that use fresh foods as ingredients and pushing the envelope of what a beer can taste like. Think chocolate, fruits, etc. Some of their beers will just blow your mind like the chocolately Nib Smuggler Porter, or the No Crusts PB&J Ale that miraculously tastes like a PB&J sandwich, and many more. They also do wheat beers with different fruits like Blueberry Cobbler Ale, Pina Colada Wheat, etc. Not to mention if you like IPAs and pale ales, Hop Gun IPA is delicious as well Everything is good, and you will definitely find a favorite among them. This is the best thing that's happened to Oakland Park, maybe ever.
<review# 381,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2013,11/9/2013,269,374,3,8,4>All right, I have a confession to make. Sunfish Grill was NOT our #1 choice when looking at the Dine Out restaurants list. Mark A. wanted to go elsewhere, but alas, that place didn't offer the Dine Out menu on the weekends. So fate brought us here, pretty much confirming that everything happens for a reason.From the very beginning when I called to make the reservation, I already was feeling the good vibes. Joe chuckled with me when I made the mistake of thinking the day was Friday, when it was really Thursday, and agreed that it should be Friday already anyway. Our reservation was for 6pm on Saturday since you must be seated before 6:30pm for the Dine Out menu.As Mark A pointed out, we weren't too impressed with its location. We were expecting something flashy and outstanding, not a strip mall that reminded me of those along the beach. Boy, were we fooled! Walk in, and it's definitely not what you would expect from the outside. Small, but elegant. I almost felt a little too dressed down in my flip flops. Joe remembered me from when I called the reservation, and we were quickly seated at our table, the first in the soon-to-be packed restaurant.Let's talk food first. Four courses: soup, appetizer of choice, entree, dessert. I think the courses should build upon each other, one slightly better than the one before; everything satisfying the taste buds, but leaving them craving more. This is exactly what Sunfish Grill did for me.Broccoli soup with a cheese croquette - large portion, great way to start, especially with that cheese. Unfortunately, I had to abandon some of it so that I could have room for what was yet to come.Crab cake appetizer - presentation was beautiful! So much so that I didn't want to touch it. They weren't making it pretty to make up for ugly taste, though. The crab was fresh, perfect with the avocado.Jumbo shrimp with truffled mac & cheese - amazing! Funny that the menu listed jumbo shrimp first, though. I was under the impression that it would be more shrimp than mac, but there were only two. NOT complaining, though. That was the best mac & cheese I've had! The panko crusted top gave it the perfect texture and tied it all together. Oh, heavens.Symphony of chocolate - They probably named it this because you may literally hear a symphony when you take your first bite of this chocolate cake and chocolate mousse. WOW. That's all I really have to say. WOW. My compliments don't even stop there! Throughout the meal, service was impeccable. Joe happened to also be our server and took care of us until the very end, along with the rest of the wait staff. They all made sure our utensils were replaced after each course. Our waters were never even half empty. We were even asked if we wanted to have the rest of our soup to take home! When have you ever been asked that?!Here's the kicker: I was given a rose at the end of the night! I don't even like flowers, but I was floored!I'm sorry this is so long, but I am just that impressed with Sunfish Grill. HIGHLY recommend it!
<review# 382,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2013,11/8/2013,48,93,,8,5>Nice weather and hungry stomach make for a really good time at Food Trucks. The organizers of Food Truck Invasion invite these food trucks, that are usually hard to find, to different locations in Palm Beach and Broward area. This particular FTI is held and will be held at the Plantation Heritage Park on Tuesday unless there are heavy rains. They have a fixed schedule in different parts like Thursdays in Wellington etc. They also give a heads up on which trucks will be coming on a particular day. All information is given on the website. This time they invited food trucks like Nacho Bizness, The Rolling Stove, The Empanada Truck, BC Tacos, and Taco Fresh among others. They had funnel ckaes, cup cakes, arepas lots of new items too. The menu were displayed nice and clear while most of them accepted credit cards. Having been waiting to try them out for while and given the weather, we decided it would worth the effort to drive there. There is no entry fee, parking is haphazard, all over the place, and free. Cars were parked all over the park and on the grass. The minute we get out of the car and it seemed just perfect to enjoy some time in the park strolling around a bit and also have access to some delicious food. The Chronicle Ginger Lemonade from Nacho Bizness truck was how we started the evening. It was fresh with strands of fresh ginger in it. Then ordered the Marley burrito from there that has Jerk chicken with pineapple slaw that came with fresh rice, beans, onions, tomatoes etc. Delicious, it had various flavors since it was sweet, a little spicy and sour. All made rite there. Then headed of to my favorite of the evening - The Empanada Truck. They do take some time in making the Empanadas but worth the wait. We had the Mushroom Empanada and a Veggie Empanda. The best empandas I've ever had. They were smaller in size than I'm usually used to. The Veggie Empanada was the best. Tasted similar to a Samosa. They have some option in sauces too but some, like me, may not need it. The price was decent am sure they could do better though. Then went to The Rolling Stove. and ordered a large Jerk chicken sandwich which comes on a Texas Toast. The guy at the counter was funny. What we got was a sandwich that did not look very huge, but was big. Only after taking a bite we realized how much was going in. It had the jerk chicken that was falling from the sides. The jerk seasoning was OK. They prepare it using some jerk sauce and not make it traditional way. There was a lot of cheese inside while the texas toast was adequately crunchy and did not get soggy from the juices that were flowing. Overall, it was a good time. Not as crowded, but made for a nice evening in the park. Eventually you may end up spending more than you thought on food trucks but it is worth it. It is also a nice location to take out-of-town people to get a funfair kind of setup.
<review# 383,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2013,11/7/2013,251,189,10,14,8>The first rule of Dog Park is: You do not talk about Dog Park. The second rule of Dog Park is: You do not talk about Dog Park. But, seriously now.. this is a great little dog park.  An area for 30+ pups as well as an area for dogs under 30lbs.  Lots of space for them to run around freely, a washing area, doggie bags to pick up messes if you happen to forget your own or ran out, water fountains for both you and your furry friend, and human bathrooms!The people are generally friendly.  If you are coming here you know how weird us dog owners can be about our dogs.  Let us have a quick discussion about this, shall we?One:  your dog is a dog.  Seriously.  A dog.  Keep that in mind.  Little fights break out, dominance issues happen, rough play, slobbering.. the whole nine yards.  Let them be a dog.Two:  if you bring a dog toy to the dog park, EXPECT other dogs to play with it.  I came here last night to enjoy some play time with my pups and three women ganged up on a guy for daring to throw a ball that was on the ground for his dog.  They were yelling at this poor guy for his dog playing with their dog's ball.  His response, "I am not apologizing for my dog being a dog!"  Good for him.  People, calm the eff down about what you bring.  You are at a dog park with what I noted in my first point - dogs. Expect it and WANT it to be communal.As a side note: LOCK your doors and take anything valuable.  Last weekend while I was there someone was ballsy enough to break into two cars in the parking area for the dog park.This place is great.  If you leave all notion of being uptight and come here for the purpose of your dog having some fun, you will have a great time.  You meet some interesting people along the way, too!  If nothing else, don't let the uptight people ruin your time and be safe with the locking of your car.
<review# 384,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2013,11/6/2013,55,244,2,4,6>We drove 1 hour from palm beach to eat here. We were greeted with a smile and was told 35-1 hour wait depending if we wanted BBQ or regular table. After 5 mins the owner seated us. She was able to move some tables around and sat our party of 8. The servers took a while to get our drinks so the owner took initiative and got our orders. She also took the time to recommend which dishes were good. We ordered the bulgogi, beef, pork, hot stone rice. All were delicious! We also had Hite korean beer which was for the "young  people."  It came in a 19 oz beer bottle. Enough for 2 people but the boys had one of  each. We also had an appetizer with pancakes and noodles. Everyone liked it. The kimchi appetizers were good too. For dessert she recommended a shave ice mix with gummies, fruity pebbles, red bean, fruit...similar to Halo Halo dessert in the Philippines. This was yummy. The Korean donuts were sold out :( Our bill came out to $300. I agree with other yelpers that this place is expensive. But it was definitely worth the 1 hour drive and priceless time with friends. Thank you for having us!
<review# 385,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2013,11/5/2013,120,75,6,8,7>I'm relatively new to the area and I love sushi. Obviously, I quickly went on the search for new go-to sushi spots by my home. Marumi was a fantastic find. My first test for them was to have them create the randomest roll (i can be pretty weird with my sushi) and see if they can deliver. They did, and they provided extra sauce to go with it than what I am used to. I also appreciate that they go the extra way and garnish our take-out boxes with some veggies and noodles while other places just stick your meal in there and send you on your way. Even on busy nights, which is when I'm usually craving sushi, they always have my order ready for pick-up on time. Check out their menu on their website. It's quite varied and every meal we've ordered has been authentic, fresh, and craving busting.P.S. I dunno about you guys, but I feel like they created the Michelle ramen to honor me as a valued customer. Okay, maybe not...but anyways, I suggest you guys try my- i mean their Michelle ramen and dip some crispy shrimp w/ mayo into it....you won't regret it!
<review# 386,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2013,11/4/2013,306,475,2,4,2>The bf and I walked in and I whispered to him "I see Asians!" This is our first venture in Korean food since being in SoFlo. I'm glad it was here. They give an assortment on ban chan (side dishes) and ours included: kimchi, spicy pickled cucumber, macaroni salad, bean sprouts, salad, cabbage with some kind of sauce, and I think that's it. The only thing that was missing for me was jap chae (clear cold noodle dish), but I did see it as an appetizer so maybe you have to order it. The other thing was I saw that extra side dishes were a charge of 99 cents. If it were my choice, refills on any ban chan should be free99.I ordered the Bulgogi kuksu (noodle soup with seasoned roast beef) and the bf ordered dolsot bibimbab (stone pot with rice, beef, and veggies). Usually I order the soondubu (tofu soup), but theirs was priced at $15 for a bowl, which is quite steep IMO. So I tried the kuksu, a dish I haven't had before. I liked my soup, it reminded me of udon. When I think of udon, I think of something more bland. I liked that my soup had the flavor of the bulgogi marinated into it. My bf said I liked it because it was on the sweet side. My bf enjoyed his stone pot. According to him, stone pot is one of the best Korean dishes for three reasons: 1) the food stays hot in your pot (ima poet and didnt know it), 2) you can crisp the rice by pushing the rice to the sides of the pot, 3) it comes with an egg (self-explanatory!). The service was pleasant. The restaurant is located in a small strip mall, but the inside is cozy yet clean. Good place to come to for good Korean dishes. The other thing I've noticed with so many Asian food places in SoFlo is that they end up doing combo-Asian.. either Thai and Japanese or Korean and Chinese or Thai and Chinese, etc... This place is solely Korean food and I like it much better when an establishment can just focus on one cuisine that they are good at.
<review# 387,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2013,11/3/2013,351,235,4,10,6>I have read so many great reviews about the Foxy Brown and last Saturday I was able to go for lunch.  We hadn't planned on going, our original plans for lunch got cancelled but we were close to the Foxy brown and it turned out to be the best thing to happen to us lol!  When we got there it was pretty empty (around 3pm) so we were seated immediately.  Our server was really friendly and went over the menu and introduced us to their special sodas menu and we couldn't resist ordering the root beer.  My niece and I loved it you could tell it wasn't some cheap soda.  We both decided to order the Meatball Grinder - chicken and porcini mushroom meatball w/ tomato gravy with provolone cheese melted all over it!! I got a side of sautéed spinach and she got the fries.  We both also ordered a side of the mac and cheese because we heard so much about it and it did not disappoint.  The Meatball Grinder was so good and was a little messy to eat but that didn't stop us but the mac and cheese was the star of the meal.  Lucky we each ordered our own because I am not sure we could have shared it!  Pasta was perfectly cooked, tons of cheese and a yummy crunchy topping.  There were so many other things on the menu that we wanted to try and we decided before the meal ended that we had to come back, even if it was just for the mac and cheese.  Service was great, the restaurant was very clean, they had plenty of parking.  Definitely cant wait for our next visit to the foxy brown!
<review# 388,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2013,11/2/2013,2,19,6,8,9>Based off Yelp reviews, I chose to take a second date here. These can be tricky because you don't want it to be too formal, but you also don't want to come across as apathetic, i.e. you're not going to take her to a $60-a-plate steakhouse because that's a poor investment if things don't work out, but you're also not going to experiment with the new hole-in-the-wall you found on Yelp because, let's face it, that's not even remotely romantic (yet). My dinner fallback for first and second dates is usually sushi (pending her allergies or preferences) because it's simple, fun, and she won't feel pressured by the quantity of food (which can be daunting at an Italian place, for instance).The space is tight, but considering the noise level is low-to-moderate and the lighting is calm, the tight seating could also be construed as 'intimate.' We didn't have to wait for seating because she was fine sitting at the bar, and I got my customary Sapporo while we awaited our food. The sushi was great, but if you read any of my reviews you know I pretty much eat anything so I'm really reviewing the whole experience. The bill was reasonable (about $50 for the two of us, which included alcohol), the service was fast and friendly (even on a Friday night), and you could tell the employees really value their roles there (sign of good management). The menu is fun and witty, with lots of musical references to serve as ice-breakers for any of you first-daters out there, and the location is convenient to Las Olas bars so you can go grab a cocktail afterwards.There are 2-3 tables outside, and you can probably get away with having a small group inside, despite the limited square footage. Oh, and I was so engaged in the conversation with my date that I left my phone on the bar - our waitress chased me outside and handed it to me. Bonus points, for sure.Overall, the dating experience here is hip and intimate, not classy and romantic. The experience must have been agreeable to my date, because now she's my girlfriend.
<review# 389,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2013,11/1/2013,365,367,5,8,6>Came to Asia Bay for a healthy nice lunch. Right off of Las Olas, if its nice outside not too hot, you can find seating by the water (inter-coastal)The waiter was really attentive and superb.There are lunch combos with Miso soup or Salad, Sushi, Tempura.Also offered Pad-Thai, Fried Rice, Teriyaki, Curries, in combo meals.I ordered the Salmon in Garlic Sauce :steamed broccoli, zucchini, baby corn, cauliflower, snow peas, carrots & napa sautéed in fresh garlic.I asked for the Salmon to have the sauce on the side and they accommodated me ,no problem.I was able to eat half of the Huge Salmon Fillet, the waiter got me a clear plastic to go box and a bag, and really didn't seemed ticked off like other waiters can be.Asia Bay is a great find with a  relaxing zen atmosphere.
<review# 390,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2013,10/31/2013,837,552,10,16,14>I Love Grilled Cheese, always have...  It's something we all grew up with, it's simple, warm, comforting, delicious!  Same goes for Mac 'n Cheese, now combine these two together and what do you get?  The Manhattan Grilled Mac 'n Cheese...  one of the most amazing sandwiches I've ever had, and you can too at New York Grilled Cheese.I had heard a lot of great things about this place, so was really excited to finally try it.  Some parking right up front and plenty on the back, we walk in and are a little thrown off by the yogurt shop but, I had already been told to keep walking back to find the cheese heaven.  So we made our way to the back to find some of our friends already seated and making the tough decision of which one to order today.  The girl behind the counter, and serving us was really nice, and helpful.  She even noticed I had a sore throat (most probably because I had almost no voice), and offered to give me room temperature water, instead of the iced bottle ones, if I felt that was better at the moment.  Very thoughtful of her, and great customer service!  As soon as she bought out my water she took my order and in about 5 minutes I had this waffle looking sandwich in front of me.  Cheese was perfectly melted, and combined with the Mac 'n Cheese in it.  Alone was delicious, but when you mix it with the creamy tomato soup it comes with, that is perfection!  It's heaven in your mouth with every bite.  I have not had tomato soup like that ever!They also have fires to order as side, some of my friends ordered them and they are very tasty but, I think one order per table might do (or two, if you are a larger group) because the sandwiches are generous size and filling.This is definitely a must for everyone...  It's great food, great service, clean, and fast.  Can't wait to go back!
<review# 391,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2013,10/30/2013,20,128,1,6,2>We were recommended by a friend to come to this restaurant because my boyfriend was craving Peruvian food. We came in around 9PM and there was no wait, but there was also no tables open. We waited a few minutes and we were seated. I really enjoyed the décor and I thought it was a really nice place. After looking over the menu for a while I decided to order the AL LIMÓN "Traditional" TIRADITOS and my boyfriend ordered the Mixto Ceviche and the TRADICIONAL DE CANGREJO causa. The plates looked amazing and we got right into it trying everything out. My fish was delicious with a very strong lime flavor and very fresh. The causa was an amazing combination of crab, avocado and yucca which really worked all together. I did not try the ceviche but my boyfriend said he enjoyed every bite and that all the food tasted just as good as it did when he visited Peru.On our way out we saw either the owner or manager and he asked how everything was and thanked us for coming in, which is always great. Overall a great place if you are craving Peruvian food.
<review# 392,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/1/2013,10/29/2013,193,173,2,9,6>Decided to come here for brunch and I was so happy I did.  This place is a true jewel.I was very tempted to order from the brunch menu but the regular menu lured my husband and I away.  One star off for really small portions, not enough help, my water glass never being refilled and a lack of ventilation which caused the air to become smoky  - it really irritated our eyes.  But the food was truly five star.  I had the merguez sausage meat board which was tender, flavorful and expertly seasoned.  It came with parsnip gratin that was smooth and creamy and tangy sides of labne and feta with cherry tomato.  I definitely could have eaten more sausage.  Hubby had the tri-tip duck fat burger with a side of duck fat potato salad.  The burger was juicy and delicious and he said it rivaled Charm City. We shared the bacon chocolate cookie for dessert although sharing isn't all that accurate because my husband has a wicked sweet tooth and ate most of it.  He also had a Mexican coke which was a nice item to have on the menu.  Despite the few inconveniences I will definitely be back and probably just order a lot more food next time as I'm a hungry girl.  I'm not a beer lover but even so I found their selection of craft beers to be pretty amazing.  Can't wait for my next meal here.
<review# 393,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2013,10/28/2013,399,476,8,13,9>This place doesn't look like much from the outside, but what a pleasant surprise this bowling alley turned out to be!I haven't been bowling in years, but I've been to enough places to be able to say that this is one of the cleanest, friendliest alleys I've ever visited. Every single employee we encountered had a genuine smile on their face and were happy to go out of their way to help. I was honestly surprised by how nice everyone was here... that alone earns them the 5 stars.We opted to bowl for two hours rather than by the game, and rented our shoes, which were brand-spanking-new. Bowling shoes are notoriously gross, but these were lovely and had not one scuff on them. Once assigned to our lane, a girl came up with a menu and asked if we wanted anything... no need to order from the snack bar? Sweet. We got some chicken strips and fries for the group, and a bucket of beer. My friends wanted Heineken, but I wanted Blue Moon (yeah, I have to be different), and they kindly let me have one Blue Moon in the bucket.After an abysmal first game (we briefly considered the bumpers), our skills started to slowly improve. Let me put it this way: our first game's scores were 62, 61 (mine) and 52. Our final scores were 116 (mine), 96 and 76. Talk about a turn-around, eh? Perhaps the beer helped :) During our second game, the lights went down and we got to bowl with black lights and  music. It was an eclectic mix to be sure, ranging from Ludacris to Luke Bryan. The employees were happy to take requests, and boy did we ever bombard them!This bowling alley is nowhere near me, but I would truly consider making the drive here versus any of the options in my neck of the woods... it was that enjoyable :)
<review# 394,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2013,10/27/2013,169,213,1,3,3>After hearing so many good reviews from yelp, I finally had to give this place a try. It was an ordeal trying to find this place because it is hidden in a warehouse type location but after eating there I am happy about that fact. Its a locals spot for a reason. The food is incredibly fresh, not a microwave in sight. They offer a wide variety of arepas and you can ask for it to be hard or on the softer side. The soup of day was creamy tomato, very gourmet tasting and only $1.50 more with an arepa. All the salads and paninis looked and smelled incredible. We ordered 3 arepas and 1 combination of meats lunch platter thing. The chicken soup had nice chunks of chicken and corn in it. The servers were very friendly and we had food to take home, the food took awhile to come out but I believe its because they were making it fresh. I am only taking people I really like to this place because I want to keep it for myself. Its a very small location so it gets busy quite often. You can however call your order in ahead of time and have it ready to eat when you get there. They cater and deliver as well. I truly had a great experience here and left with a full stomach and a great taste in my mouth. I want to come back and give there paninis or breakfast a try.
<review# 395,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2013,10/26/2013,930,225,11,20,10>A day in the life of a Mughal emperor. Life couldn't have been so hard, living lavishly in the Taj Mahal. Just be careful not to get prisoned by your own son after building the Taj Mahal (Shah Jahan) and do not offer BIRYANI to those who do not deserve it. That's right, biryani has origins from the Mughal times and thought to have cooked in royal functions. So, if I was preparing a history lecture I would summarize that biryani was considered a fine dining dish of its time, and presented in royal functions; made its appearance through cultural diffusion to different parts of Asia. Present day: many restaurants serve biryani and different types of biryani according to the region they are from. Biryani is a balanced blend between two dishes (rice and some type of meat, seafood, or veggie dish). But, it's a bit complicated because you combine the two dishes when both are semi cooked and continue to cook them together. Don't worry about learning to cook it, just try it at Paradise Biryani Pointe. 4.5 star rating, I'm rounding up because it has the potential of a 5 star dining experience. First off, this is what Florida was missing. A Desi restaurant which caters to Meat lovers and vegetarians in different types of biryanis. It is called Biryani Pointe but much more than biryani on their menu. When we walked into the restaurant, the manager or owner (not sure) was on the phone but put them on hold to say hello to us etc. I liked the customer service aspect of the restaurant, if the management is strong they will earn loyal customers. For appetizers we ordered samosas, chili chicken and chicken 65.  The samosas had potato and green pea filling and were decent in size. I truly loved both chicken dishes. Chicken 65 is a famous way of making chicken and the origins of the name are debatable and you can research how it got its name but I just suggest you eat it instead and realize how splendid it was. Chili chicken was my favorite however and I liked it slightly better than the 65. In the entrees we ordered boneless chicken biryani and mutton (goat) biryani. I'm not a big mutton eater so I just stuck mostly to the chicken biryani, which was very tasty. We also ordered chicken korma and another goat dish. I do suggest they cook the goat just a bit more, it was just a tad bit tough. Overall, the two servers were enthusiastic and quick. Our food, came out quick on a busy night. The manager made sure we liked everything at the end etc. Having limited good Desi options in the area, they were will make regular customers in no time.  I will definitely will be back and order like a peasant next time. We wanted to try so many dishes this time that I felt royal like a Mughal emperor but overstuffed:)
<review# 396,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2013,10/25/2013,262,243,4,5,4>This is a beautiful park which everyone should take their kids to.  It is very educational in learning about the life cycle of butterflies, types of butterflies, as well, as other bugs, birds, plants, and much more!  Butterfly World is housed inside of Tradewinds Park which has a huge playground right next door, also.  So you take the kids to the park where they learn a lot while having fun and enjoy and then they go play for more hours next door.It is a bargain! We took four kids ages 6,4, 1 1/2 and 1 1/2. They learned a lot, had a blast, and were exhausted by the end of the day.  Not as exhausted as me though!  Please go and enjoy the beauty of butterflies.  Did you know a hummingbird flaps their wings 60 times in a minute?  Nope neither did I! But my four year old nephew does! :-)
<review# 397,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2013,10/24/2013,35,128,,7,2>OK, first things first; this review is solely on this place as a tap house. They do serve food, and seem to have an extensive menu, but on this occasion, I didn't eat anything. I was here for the wake of a friend who died last week, and didn't have much of an appetite as a result. I really do want to sample their food in the near future, though, and when I do, I'll update this review with my feedback. This pub is the former Gypsy's Horse at the Original Wellington Mall under new ownership. The Gypsy's Horse was always a great place to drink, but the food was always iffy at best, and it damaged their reputation enough to cause the owners to sell out to the new owners, who also own a restaurant in Hollywood, Florida called "The Field". Oddly enough, the Bull McCabe is a character from a 30 year old movie called The Field, so this story must obviously mean a lot to somebody in charge.  I've heard great things about the food at "The Field" from family and friends as well, and have it saved in my bookmarks for a future visit sometime soon."The Bull McCabe's" is your textbook Irish pub, complete with creaky wooden floors, walls covered in flair, dartboards, and a wall full of ceramic beertaps behind the bar. Atmosphere by the truckload. Great selection of imports and microbrews on draft. Live music on a few nights per week, and a huge outdoor courtyard area for smokers. I wished it was closer to home when it was still the Gypsy's Horse, and that hasn't changed with the name change and facelift to the Bull McCabe's. I could hang out there alot. More than I should, probably.
<review# 398,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2013,10/23/2013,563,515,6,10,8>I am not sure what to write about since I have experience overload at Funky Buddha. I suppose I can start from the beginning and work my way from there.A couple years ago I made the fateful decision to finally try Funky Buddha; it accelerated my beer knowledge sending .  I walked in and instantaneously knew that I had found a home away from home. Funky Buddha has been good to me over the years by providing memorable experiences with friends, divine beer, nourishing tea, and not so nourishing, but lovely vice of hookah.It quickly became one of my preferred hangouts and it did not hurt my girlfriend loved the place as well. Coming here as often as I did helped with my beer knowledge eventually sending 1.21 gigawatt of beer currents straight to my brain. My favorite beers have been the ones crafted by Funky Buddha themselves. No Crusts PB&J Ale tasted exactly like the sandwhich from my childhood and exactly the way I want it, which is without crusts. Another type of beer Funky Buddha repeatedly excelled at making was porters. My favorite variation of their Maple Bacon Coffee Porter was the 'Wide Awake, It's Morning'. It was an imperial version and it coconut and chocolate had made a beautiful baby together and held onto all their unique qualities, thus making the perfect brew. I could continue forever naming their in house brews. Well, in the name of making as close to a comprehensive list, I will name a few more. Hop Gun, Bonita Applebaum, which is like grandma's awesome apple pie in beer form, Jasmine Guave Berliner, 1.21. Gigawatts Doc Brown Ale and Piiti Porter. There are more, but I am running out of breath. Lastly, they have a great list of guest taps and bottle. That was a mouthful and of course the consumption happen over many visits.The beer at Funky Buddha does steal the show, but it would be criminal of me to forget about the other attributes that make this place unforgettable. On another occassion, I decided to try thier selection of teas and hookah, which happen to be an excellent selection. The honeydew white tea was incredibly refreshing, simply perfect. To complement the tea, my girlfriend and I went with the Blue Mist, a blueberry and mint mix. It is light and very smokable. It does not have a sickening after effect. Beer, tea, hookah......and..... a show.Funky Buddha has incredible acts. Some of my favorites over the years has been Hello Elevator, whose eclectic sound consists of a violinist and a rapper, and RJ Harmon and Company, whose harmonica skills are out of this world making very enjoyable blues. They have so many bands, comedians, and amateurs that most nights has a show and for generally a cheap price.What sets this place apart is the people. People who come here and people who work here. On one visit, former Detroit Lions running back, Kevin Jones, thought my cousin looked like Manny Pacquiao and struck a boxing pose with him and on another night I had the chance to strike up a conversation with the people over at the Beat Cup. It is amazing how many unique people get sucked into the vortex of Funky Buddha and this happens because of the knowledgable people that work at Funky Buddha. From the owners to their employees Kevin, Amber, and Morgan, they all know their beer and treat everyone with respect and kindness.All the reasons above is why I love Funky Buddha and look forward to their brewery opening this June.
<review# 399,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2013,10/22/2013,196,739,1,5,4>An impressive and scrumptious hell of a dinner was enjoyed here by my husband and I.  We came here to celebrate his year addition and it is recommended by the both of us.  When you walk in, you'll notice the pennies on the ground for good luck or whatever else you think it means.  To each their own.  And it smells like a campfire.  It mixes well to the restaurant's modern decor.  So, we waited for a little bit after confirming our reservation.  A tip:  The restaurant only does Open Table reservations for parties of 4 to 5 people.  You have to call if it's a different amount.  Odd, but it's the way it is.  Of course, the menu has all different options to choose from.  We settled for the chorizo fondue for the appetizer.  It was very good with the sausage mixed in with the cheese and the chips to dip it in.  Our meals were very delicious.  My husband got the skirt steak and it was very moist according to how he wanted it cooked.  He even let me have a bite of it ;)  I got the applewood bacon wrapped meatloaf with rice and mashed potatoes.  It was out of my league and I am damn glad I went there.  We had leftovers to take home.  The dessert was literally the bomb.  We split the chocolate cake topped with warm fudge served with a side of rich vanilla ice cream and a juicy strawberry.  Oh, so damn great it was!Our server, Monica, was outstanding.  She recommended some menu items that was her personal favorites and she didn't rush us at all.  It was a busy Saturday night and it didn't keep her from giving us the most undivided attention.  We will definitely go back there since we enjoyed it so much the first time.  Keep it up!
<review# 400,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2013,10/21/2013,412,333,7,14,12>Hooray, I'm a fan of Landlubber's!  Came here for a late night dinner on the recommendation of a local.  This place is great not only because the kitchen is open until 1 or 2 am on weekdays, but because they offer happy hour specials (half priced) raw bar treats.  I am a bit skeptical about where I consume seafood, and my friend assured me that they are repeat visitors and everything is always delicious.  Craft brews on the menu too, and the Lagunitas A Little Sumpin' Sumpin' Ale (American Pale Wheat beer) was awesome.We had a dozen oysters on a half shell, little neck clams, middle neck clams, an oyster shooter (a shot glass with beer or vodka, an oyster, and hot sauce), and the blackened catfish plate with tater tots and rice and beans (several side options to choose from).  Everything was delicious and served in good time by our friendly waitress (she was oh so patient as I deliberated over the extensive menu of meals from the sea, as well as bar pub food for land lovers).     They also offer crab legs, jalapeno poppers, lobster rolls, a shrimp po boy, burgers, salads, soups (including a lobster and crab bisque that sounds good for a cool evening), and much, much more.  TVs on every table and all around make this the perfect spot to watch a game and get so much more from a visit to a sports bar in a strip mall than one could ever hope for.  I was impressed by the selection, quality, and overall goodness that Landlubbers presented on my visit, and would recommend this to anyone looking for some fine eats any time of day or night.
<review# 401,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2013,10/20/2013,491,388,5,9,8>I am in love. You want to sit inside, even if it is the most gorgeous day outside, you will not get the full experience if you do not go inside. There are two sides, the bar side and the dinner side. When we told the host it was our first time, he said we definitely wanted to go to the bar side. It was a Friday evening and they had an Irish band playing, which added to the whole experience. This would be a great place for a date, the decor and band make you feel like you're miles away from Florida. We decided to try their Irish menu, like Marqus R mentioned I'm sure that they do this type of food better than their non-Irish specials. Here's what we tried:Irish Sausage Rolls ($9.00)Flaky pastry dough baked to perfection with a sausage filling, served with a mustard dipping sauce. Incredibly delicious, it makes me want to take 20 to go to have at home. Fish and Chips ($16.00)We ordered the large because we wanted to share two different entrees. That was a mistake, the large is enough for four people. It looked like there were two whole fish on the plate! The filets are huge with a perfect breading. Add some malt vinegar, tartar sauce and ketchup, it's perfection. The chips were huge steak fries. We didn't have enough room to eat many of them. Shepherd's Pie, with melted cheese ($12.50)This was absolutely delicious, it brought me back to my travels in London. The meat is seasoned perfectly, with pillowy mashed potatoes and melted cheddar cheese on top to make it amazing. The band here on Friday (and Thursday/Saturday) nights, Celtic Bridge, is awesome. The woman is an amazing violinist, my favorite were the traditional songs that she was the star of. According to their website, they also have live bands on Tuesday and Wednesday nights by other acts, so chances are there will be live music when you visit. Service was slow, but friendly. Our server had forgotten about my wine refill for a while and gave me a free glass, which was very nice of him. We will definitely be returning!
<review# 402,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/8/2013,10/19/2013,291,19,1,15,4>Waltzed in on accident a few days after their grand opening. It's a short menu, but what I've had from it so far is robust and flavorful. DO NOT OVERLOOK THE SPECIALTY DRINKS OR THE APPETIZERS. If you come just for the entrees, you might be disappointed by the lack of options, but I think they'll probably add some new items in the coming weeks and months. The interior decor is playfully rustic, a combination of what you might find in a barn and a rundown nightclub, but it doesn't come across as dirty or trashy or unappealing. The menu is predominantly Southern comfort food, but with a flair. Calling it an urbanized flair wouldn't exactly be accurate, but this ain't grandma's cooking, is what I'm saying, but you aren't going to be pissed off about the difference. The staff is incredibly friendly, very enthusiastic, personable, and helpful, and the specialty drinks (this bears mentioning twice) are incredible. Personal favorite, the Caramel Apple. Also, try the shells and cheese -- macaroni will never taste the same way again. Fantastic. Can't wait to go back here, actually.
<review# 403,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2013,10/18/2013,79,66,5,6,4>Maison Carlos is a non-conspicuous spot that, unless you're familiar with the El Cid neighborhood, you've probably driven by several times without batting an eye.Do yourself a favor. Next time - stop and go in.Saturday night was surprisingly quiet - we were two of ten diners and the youngest in the place by at least 40 years- but don't let that discourage you. The wait staff is attentive, prompt and knowledgeable without being pushy and the ambiance was gorgeous. Soft, dim lighting and Sinatra playing softly in the background made for an almost cinematic backdrop. The meal starts with complimentary fried zucchini crisps. Does anyone out there work for R&D at Lay's or Herrs? Is there any way we could make these a national thing that I could purchase in Costco-sized amounts whenever I wished? I ordered the quatro formaggi soufflé - an airy dish that reminded me of eating a really big gougèreIn my world, eating a really big gougère is pretty much at the apex of my wishlist. I want to see the world, write a book, see the Stones live, marry Ron Livingston and eat a really big gougère. One down, four to go. The soufflé was served alongside a chive-studded cheese sauce that I want to incorporate into all elements of my life. A nice touch at the end of the meal - a complementary shot of homemade limoncello. This is not the artificial neon yellow sludge served at pretty much every other Italian restaurant I've ever been to.This is housemade limoncello that does not mess around. It is refreshing, delicious and likely to grow hair on one's chest as it's essentially straight lemon-infused vodka. Everybody eats when they come to Carlos' house so go soon and go hungry.And seriously - order the soufflé. It's equal parts cheese and magic.
<review# 404,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2013,10/17/2013,18,15,2,6,3>As a local, I've been waiting to try this place ever since I started to see initial construction months ago.  I tried it today for brunch and was not disappointed!  After looking at their menu online, I knew they had a sangria sampler that I was excited to try.  However our waitress said that they were trying a new sampler of their specialties drinks, so I picked out three delicious drinks and found my new favorite: the blackberry lychee! It had freshly muddled blackberries and was perfect for a Sunday afternoon.  My mom ordered the Bloody Mary sampler and she enjoyed tasting the different varieties they offered.  On to the food, we ordered two apps.  The Brussels Sprouts (which were to die for) and the donuts (because after all, it was brunch!).  I highly recommend the Brussels Sprouts even for those who are not fans.  As one of my family sayings goes, "It tasted like candy!".For our lunch dishes, I ordered the pork belly benedict.  It came on a biscuit and was topped with collard greens (YUM), the pork belly and a mustard hollandaise sauce.  The eggs were cooked perfect, and there was just the right amount of pork belly and hollandaise sauce.  My mom had the Kamikaze roll which was pretty good, but I didn't think it was rolled tight enough.  Lastly my cousin had the shrimp and grits.  The shrimp were great.  However being from the south and having my Nana make shrimp and grits at home, we were disappointed in the tasso gravy that was served on the dish.  It was full of tomatoes, which I believe a tasso cream sauce usually does not have.  I do appreciate a restaurant putting their own spin on a dish, however sometimes the classics shouldn't be messed with.  We had wonderful, quick, and knowledgeable service from Amanda. She was extremely attentive and had great recommendations for our table of people that had never been there.  Ask for her to be your waitress!One down side was parking.  I don't mind valeting my car at all, and usually that is what I prefer (I didn't even paying the fee).  However, the valet was extremely slow in getting our car.  I understand that S3 is located on a busy side street on A1A, but the valet guys didn't even seem to hustle as we were waiting over 5 minutes for our car. I know this isn't the restaurants fault, and believe me I still plan on being a regular here.  I do suggest valeting, just be prepared to wait if your car wasn't parked on the first level of the parking garage.I look forward to going back and trying dinner and other drinks! Go and you won't be disappointed.
<review# 405,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2013,10/16/2013,158,135,12,14,13>Been to the Atlantic Avenue area of Delray Beach so many times and was really surprised that I never been to this location of Mellow Mushroom yet. The fist time that I ate at Mellow Mushroom was at the original one in Asheville North Carolina. I ate the Mega Veggie and I loved it and always wanted to go back. When I learned they had more locations I wanted to go. Anyone that knows me well knows I always get excited for pizza.I finally had my chance to return when I was invited to go with a big group that was celebrating Natasha A's Birthday (HAPPY BIRTHDAY GIRL ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ).  What I love about Mellow Mushroom is you don't have to do the same old normal plain pizzas.  The have so many interesting pizzas.  I ordered a Funky Q Chicken Pizza.  It was amazing.  Great taste and just loved the taste of caramelized onions and barbecue sauce.  Our friends sitting next to me was eating the Red Skin Potato Pizza and I got to try their's and it was so good.  I also was with my man who loves beer so I knew when we arrived that he'd be happy because they have a huge selection of beer taps.  I don't know if all the locations have this many beers but this location sure did.I'm a New York City girl and I know my pizza but I just want to say that Mellow Mushroom Pizza ROCKS.
<review# 406,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2013,10/15/2013,251,395,2,14,7>It's hard to know where to start with this review because it was all so wonderful. I guess I should start by saying that I came specifically for the tuna Bolognese.  Something so simple, yet something I hadn't thought of nor seen on anyone else's menu.   Pricing is set up as a three course meal - appetizer, entree and dessert for ~$30-$40 depending on which entree you choose.   There are some appetizers of the day and choosing one of these will add an upcharge - my mom got the mozzarella stack and they added an additional $3.  Considering the food quality and service, this pricing is a steal!The wine list was larger than you'd expect at such a small place, and we ended up selecting an Albarino - it's not often that you see Spanish whites and we were very pleased.  This is probably the first time the pricing on wine hasn't looked like a rip off to me.   If a wine is offered by the glass then the bottle is priced at 4 times the glass price.... exactly how it should be!  - Monday nights are no corkage - Tuesday nights are half off bottles of wine!I agree with some reviewers that the atmosphere is kind of confusing.  More of a daytime cafe vibe, even with a dessert display cooler and ordering counter, but all in all I think the atmosphere just added to the charm.   Amazing food combined with an unpretentious atmosphere... and the painted fish and jellyfish on the walls are quite the work of art - look up and notice the marlin on the celling too! Ok let's get to the most important part - the food.  Black olive focaccia with olive oil for dipping to start - yum.I choose the lemon shrimp appetizer and the tuna Bolognese.   The lemon shrimp appetizer was beautiful and flavorful - probably the best hummus I've ever had and now I'm a huge fan of hummus with shrimp.  The tuna Bolognese was huge! Much bigger than I expected and I had to share with others just to finish.   The spaghetti was cooked perfectly al dente and overall the flavor was great - somewhere between your mom's home cooked spaghetti and a fine dining spaghetti with some fish flavors thrown in. Tony came out at the end to chat with us, and specifically explained to me how he invented the dish and how proud he was not to have to waste tuna scraps anymore! Chatting with the chef about his food and his life experiences is always a great way to end a meal! Back to the food - other's had the wedge salad app (great dressing) and the mozzarella stack app - very large and perfect balsamic!Two of us ordered the braise of the night which was grouper - the sauce I believe was butternut squash based and was delicious.  My stepfather looked like he was trying to drink it as a soup once his fish was gone.   The bf had the scallops, he didn't share so they must have been good, but what impressed me the most was the creativity and care Tony put in to the side vegetables - cauliflower puree, spaghetti squash, potatoes etc... all delicious and beautifully presented.   Dessert - four desserts, four of us... perfect.    The black and white crème brulee again surprised me, something so simple yet I haven't seen it anywhere else - it's a chocolate ganache cake with crème brulee on top... delicious!  The key lime pie tart - probably my favorite and I'm very picky about my key lime pie!  The famous whiskey cake - a very dense Bundt cake that's full of flavor!  The peanut butter pie - not a fan of peanut butter, so I didn't like it, but everyone else enjoyed it.  Will I be back? Can't wait.  I should note that both other tables were in discussion with Tony and/or service staff about private party options so you know that Sea is great!
<review# 407,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2013,10/14/2013,50,258,4,8,6>Many times I realize if I liked or disliked a place the morning after.    Once the friends are gone and I can think about the experience, I realize how I really felt about it......and for Rebel House, I found that I really enjoyed it.I really like the atmosphere.  Loud and industrial with funky art.   Loud.   Garage doors leading to the outside that are sometimes open.     I really liked they had some beers you don't see elsewhere.    And I liked the fact you can order a bunch of things and share with the table.  The only thing I am gonna say is that nothing was OMG standout.   Everything was good if not very good, there just want' anything that I'm talking about this morning saying 'man, i can't wait until I have that again'.   The brussel Sprouts were the closest thing.  In any case, here's what the table of four had:*Watermelon special vodka drink (2):    Very watermelony.  One liked, one thought it was ok.*3 glasses of wine* Nantucket pale ale beer and a 422 wheat beer.    Me.  Yeah, big fan* Another nantucket beer*Assorted Fruit Platter with figs and honey:   Blue cheese, goat cheese, and something else.   Came with roasted peanuts.   We had this at the bar with round 1 of drinks, and I thought this was great.     In fact I would have been happy with drinks and this handing at the bar.    But we progressed into the below smorgasbord:*Brussel Sprouts:    Damn good.      If all vegetables were like this..*Beet Salad:    Disappointing.   Just some arrugla over chunks of wide and red beets with some walnuts and a light dressing.   ehhh.*Pot Pie:    Very good.   Fresh vegetables.   Wish I had a few more bites of this.*Lobster Cocktail:  $18.    A claw or two with oranges and some arugula or something.   It was good and clean, just not standout.*Porcini Tortellini:  $18.   Very ehhh.   This was the dish that should have been standout.  It was not.*Fried Chicken:   Very good but the sauce was too sweet.   And some of the chicken was crazy burnt.    Like I cut into one piece and it collapsed leaving only a tint bit of chicken.Holy crap, that's a lot of food for 4 people.     The waitress kinda led us to believe the plates were small, so keep ordering.      For the record, no they are not.    Even the brussel sprouts were large (I'm tempted to say 'in charge' after that, but I will refrain).For the list above out the door we were $195.  You decide if that's good or bad.   8 drinks, 7 dishes.
<review# 408,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2013,10/13/2013,78,91,1,4,5>brunch..... brunch.... brunch!!!!  That's all you need to know.  I've been twice now for brunch, and both times have been simply delightful!   They have a farm to fork concept.... everything locally grown, thus things change depending on the season.  But like I said, I've been for brunch twice.  What is it that they offer during brunch that brought me back twice (Well, besides the food).... bloody mary interactive bar.  Let me repeat myself really quick.... BLOODY. MARY. INTERACTIVE. BAR.  $15 and you get unlimited bloody mary's (or champagne cocktails).  You go to the bar yourself.... the bartender will give you a "plain" bloody mary (I mean, plain is a terrible description because the bloody mary juice itself is damn tasty), and you go adding all the things you want to it. A little hot sauce, sure, pickled green bean, why the heck not.... thick cut bacon bites.... ummmmm..... YES!!!!!  Once, I'm all set with my bloody mary, what do I order usually?  Always start with the goat cheese croquets with guava paste.  Holy moly gamoly.  Like straight out of the frier balls of goat cheese, laid on top of guava paste.  the heat from the croquete ball melts the guava paste.  So creamy and delicious. Those things go like water at our table.  Both times I went I caved and got the same thing.  I know I know... I should venture.... but I ALWAYS try everyone's dish when I go.  But my eyes always go to the yard bird and waffles (chicken and waffles people) with a maple bacon butter on the side.  Seriously?  Can you go wrong?  NO!  2 fried chicken breasts with a whole waffle, drenched in maple syrup.  You take a piece of the chicken, with a piece of the waffle, dab some of the maple bacon butter and let the heaven's sing.  It is so good.  It's just not fair to deprive yourself of this.  Forget the diet, forget the healthy thing, go for this!! Now, I've tried their stuffed french toast and the cheddar dill biscuits... all of which are amazing as well.  Truth is, those type of people who are steak and potato people, probably not the best place for them.  My dad was not a fan, even having an omelet.  It was too modern for him.  But even complaining, he cleaned his plate!  And had about 3 bloody mary's with it.  Great location right off the avenue... parking is on the street, which really is no problem.  A MUST when in Delray!!!!
<review# 409,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2013,10/11/2013,284,181,5,10,5>We decided to try something new and found this restaurant in the "cheap eats" search on Yelp. Another good thing about this restaurant is it's close by. When we got there, the restaurant was filled with Asians. Always a good thing when going to an Asian restaurant. From the name you expect to find all noodle dishes and they didn't disappoint. As soon as we walked in the waitress was super friendly and when we sat down brought us some shrimp chip things that were delicious. They were a puffed rice chip that was shrimp flavored. The owner came over to our table and chatted with us, recommending dishes and was just super friendly. He recommended a noodle soup dish that had chicken, beef, shrimp, fish and meatballs in it. I didn't get that but my mom did. It wasn't her favorite but she said the flavors were good. I instead decided on the noodle dish that was topped with grilled beef and grilled shrimp on top of rice noodles. The beef and shrimp were grilled hibachi style. Also in the dish was bean sprouts, cucumbers, scallions, peanuts, carrots and a sweet vinegar to pour over everything. I added some soy sauce and hoisin sauce, which were both on the table. I also discovered they had boba tea, so I had to order some to take home with me. I tried the mango smoothie with boba and it was one of the best boba teas that I've had in the area. I first had boba tea in NYC when it was just becoming popular and have been obsessed with it since.   I would definitely go back, the prices were quite reasonable, the portions were large and the have boba tea!
<review# 410,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/4/2013,10/10/2013,118,353,2,3,5>Friends brought me here for a birthday celebration last week. None of us had been here before, as we're all fairly new to the area.  The Polynesian ambiance was a really nice change in south Florida.  I especially liked the drink menu and how it was divided into Mild, Medium, and Strong drinks.We ordered our dinner a la carte but did not see the show.  The menu is on the spendy side, however, when you make reservations just mention the "2 for 1" dinner special on the website and you'll save some dough.  As long as the second dinner is at least 1 penny less, it will be free!  If they are the same price, you'll be screwed.The food here is REALLY good and plentiful, and the strong drinks are truly strong!  Be sure to take a stroll through the garden out back and also appreciate the interior of the spaces, including the restrooms.  The interior keeps with the old Polynesian theme to the point that you might feel like you're in the Brady Bunch episode when the family went to Hawaii, and Bobby found the tiki idol.I would gladly return here for another celebration to enjoy the fantastic menu, libations,and really friendly service.
<review# 411,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2013,10/9/2013,342,260,3,7,5>When I check in and get rewarded with a free margarita, I'm already on your side.  And not just free, this one was good.  The balance of alcohol, juice and salt was perfect.Guacamole....what can I say?  I love the stuff.  This was actually made to order, table side.  Now, who else does that?  You could order a specific level of heat and leave out things like pesky cilantro.  I loved that it wasn't served over a bed of lettuce shreds that keep you from getting half the guac.  It was a bit pricey, but I'd do it again.  The chips were a cut above, too.  They were warm, not too thin and not just salted, they were seasoned with a spice blend that really bumped them up in quality.Then there were the tacos.  I loved the Conchinitas Achiote was sooo tender and juicy.  It was just a bit on the oily (not to be confused with fatty) side, but the flavor was excellent.  The Pollo had big chunks, not shreds, of tender, beautifully seasoned chicken.  My least favorite was the Carne Molida, which could have used a bit more spice.  But even at that, it was still a really good taco.  They were only $3 each, which was a very fair price considering the amount of fillings.  I love that they use real, cotija cheese instead of cheddar.Moving on to dessert.  I wanted one of each, but that just didn't seem practical for my jean size.  We settled on the three of us splitting two desserts.  The Mexican chocolate pie was a hefty wedge of dense chocolatey goodness with just the right amount of cinnamon, over a crunchy graham cracker crust.  It was worth the extra pounds!  The cheesecake flan was  dense and sweet, different than other flans I've had.  They were both big enough that we extra to bring home.The service was exceptional.  Our server kept a close eye on the pace and checked back frequently to make sure we were happy and didn't need anything.  It's a tough balance to keep everything moving and not being in the way.  Stacy has it down perfectly.All in all, it was more than we'd usually spend for a taco dinner, but everything was good to excellent, and the service was impeccable.  We'll definitely be going back.
<review# 412,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2013,10/8/2013,49,40,2,3,3>People keep calling this a dive bar. This is not a dive bar. If you think its a dive bar, you have never lived in a state where cows are tipped for fun. I adore Laser Wolf. It may look a little intimidating sitting in the dark corner by the railroad tracks, but intimidating it is not! Go up to the bar, tell the bartender what you like in a beer and be prepared discover some new loves. Or just look up at the chalkboard menu full of great brews and find an old favorite. Either way, you'll have no problem drinking beer, and this is, after all, what you came here to do, right?Seating inside is limited. Seating outside can also be limited. Beer is abundant.
<review# 413,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/24/2013,10/7/2013,178,280,,9,3>We arrived at Red Cow a little after nine on a Monday night, so the place was pretty empty, but we were greeted immediately and seated. It took us a little while to look at the menu and figure out what we wanted, but the server was very helpful and offered suggestions. I started with a pumpkin beer. They lined the rim of the glass with cinnamon sugar making seem extra fall like, and the beer itself was great.As an appetizer we got the fish dip. The dip changes from day to day and the server mentioned that this one was scallop. I enjoyed the dip, but thought it was a touch too salty, and also it wasn't immediately obvious that is was scallop....but I didn't come here for fish dip. To me BBQ is meat and mac and cheese. Between four of us we ordered two eat meat platters (4 meats 4 sides total) and one no meat (4 sides)...this was A LOT of food, but I liked to be able to try a lot of things.My favorite items were the turkey and the mac and cheese...and in my opinion, if these things are done right, its good BBQ. There were three different BBQ sauces on the table to add to your meal. I only tried the most mild and sweet one, which was a pomegranate flavor and I thought it went really well with the smoked turkey. The mac and cheese was super creamy and I loved the wagon wheel noodles. Others raved about the ribs, but I'm not much of a rib person.In terms of sides I also really enjoyed the deviled eggs, and I don't see that as an option many places so they get extra points for that. Our other sides also included the brussel sprouts (like the fish dip I found these a little salty for me) and onion straws (these were nice to have, but I wasn't as in love as I was with the mac and cheese). The cauliflower mash was another unique side that I enjoyed. I liked that the side choices were so varied and I wasn't just choosing between fries or mashed potatoes. Each platter also came with a hush puppy. I haven't had many hush puppies in my life, so I'm no expert, but they were tasty. Finally, I can't forget the pickle....one of my favorite foods...and I liked that they thought to include one on the platter...they go so well with BBQ.No complains on the service, and though each individual meal costs a little more than some may be used to paying for BBQ, for the amount of food I actually thought it was a really good value. As we were paying we noticed they also do brunch. I at first thought that this didn't interest me too much because I would just want the same things I had for dinner...but I'm looking at the brunch menu now and I want it...pork benedict, pecan waffle, arepa...I will be back.
<review# 414,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2013,10/6/2013,100,101,5,13,4>I need variety in my life. Which leads to my obsession with buffet style restaurants. I'm constantly on the search for all you can eat EVERYTHING. Nothing makes me happier then a full plate of different flavors,textures and temperatures. With that being said I was one happy gal after eating at KIKO. The restaurant is very clean and has your typical Japanese Buffet lay out. They offer a great selection of sushi and not just your run of the mill boring rolls. The hibachi area is fantastic! Usually you only get white rice or no rice with your meat/veggie choice but they will make fried rice,lo mien,brown rice or white rice for you. Crab legs were delicious and the Chinese was good too. I tried pretty much everything they have to offer and the sushi was by far my favorite.  I read all the horrible reviews on this place and went anyway. I walked in and asked to look at the choices before we decided to stay. They could not have been nicer and let all of us walk around to examine the selections. Our waitress was very nice and we never had to ask once for a refill or to clear our plates. They even gave us a 10% discount with out even asking.For 16.95 it's a must try!
<review# 415,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2013,10/5/2013,524,775,8,11,8>All you can drink from 9 pm to 11 pm.....Shut the front door!  Now this is a dangerous place.  I digress, I had never been here before, but some of my friends were getting together for a joint good-bye and birthday party. Apparently, if you work at Citrix, this is a place you frequent for HH. So that there tells me something.I pulled up and immediately noticed that it has lights outside that change the color of the building every 30 seconds or so.  Very interesting....for an Irish Bar....on the edge of a well known Gay Section of town. I go in, my friends aren't there yet, I sit at the bar was greeted promptly by (maybe it was Britney) very nice girl, extremely friendly. I also notice I'm very over dressed, which is not unusual, but I'm really overdressed.  This is a bar bar, yeah you can wear a dress, but no makeup is OK. And this BAR is huge, it must sit at least 40 people, it's long as he11. Don't get overdressed b/c you will stick out, like moi. Anyhow, I'm at the bar for about 4 mins and a group of guys behind me offer to by my drink.  OK!  Very friendly patrons. Strike up a conversation, that's nice.Anyhow, friends show up and we start drinking, and then I learn they have this open bar thing from 9 to 11, my friend's husband strapped on his game face, and started hitting the captains and diet like he was back in college.  It was hysterical, she wasn't thrilled...but watching it was great. Music gets better around 9 pm as well, playing techno hits, etc.  FOOD was very good. The fish n chips were delicious, their seared tuna appetizer was surprisingly good. Corn beef and cabbage was VERY salty, too salty for me, I'd skip that dish.  And again great service, we had another waitress with blonde curly hair.I'm going back, I'm a Stout convert!
<review# 416,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2013,10/4/2013,430,328,11,26,15>The last time I ate Indian food it was the late 1990's and I was actually in India in a small village called Puttaparthi in Andhra Pradesh State. I was in a family run side street cafe having chapati with chick peas in a tomato based curry. The cafe was very similar to Khana Kh'aza in every respect. There is a good reason why I have not dined Indian food until now, it is hard to eat ethnic food in America once you've had authentic ethnic food in the country of origin.Thanks to Jennifer P's ROTD I decided to check this place out with its stellar reviews. My friends this place is the real deal, this is about as authentically Indian and delicious you are going to get in South Florida.As I walked into the restaurant my nostrils were caressed by the pleasant aroma of Indian spices and my spirit calmed by the friendly greeting of the host. The restaurant is tiny with about 6 close nit tables and has a strong working class appeal, very similar to the street cafe's in Madras India. They have a TV inside that plays low volume pleasant Bollywood music videos. At first I was going to order take out but I changed my mind and decided to dine in.The owners and the host make all of the patrons in the restaurant feel like a part of the family.The menu is not to overbearing yet has a decent choice of seafood($14 range) vegetarian, chicken and lamb entree's in the $9 to $11 range. I noticed there were no beef choices which is interesting because some southern Indian states have outlawed killing and eating cows as they viewed as sacred creatures in Hinduism( I believe they are sacred also).I decided on the Kkz' Samosa deep fried pastry filled with potatoes and herbs ($2.95) bit.ly/12pBUU7, Garlic Naan Made of dough of fine flour with garlic ($2.50) bit.ly/12pBXiv, Muttar Paneer Fresh cottage cheese cubes prepared with green peas in onions based curry sauce ($8.95) bit.ly/12pBUmT and a Indian Kingfisher beer.The Samosa's came out first and kind of caught me by surprise because they looked like Jamaican patties instead of the traditional triangular appearance. Nontheless they were herbaceous moist and delicious. As if they were married in Vishnu's heaven, the tamarind and green mint dipping sauce went perfect with the samosa's. RATING 4.5I have never gone nuts over rice served as a compliment to an entree before. But the shiny white Basmati rice was aromatic like a beautiful coastal Mediterranean woman. I didn't want to eat it, I just wanted to keep inhaling its heavenly aroma like I do when I run my fingers through the long rich hair of a chaste woman. RATING 5.0The Muttar paneer gravy poured over the rice created a spicy delicious dish. The cottage cheese cubes were firm and pleasant to the palate. RATING 5.0Garlicky fresh slightly spongy bread defines the Garlic Naan, satisfying with every bite. RATING 4.0NOTES- all dishes are cooked to order, spice level is custom to your desire.- all meat is halal.- bathroom is at the back of the kitchen.- they take credit cards.- Indians eat here!TIPS- lunch specials are from 12pm - 3pm, order a full curry dish(comes with naan,rice,desert)-happy hour all day 6 beers for $12.00.These people are super nice and friendly, many of the patrons were having casual conversation with the owners as if they were distant relatives. Hugging seems to be the norm with some of them.
<review# 417,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2013,10/3/2013,267,285,5,5,2>Stumbling around a Saturday night looking for a chill hangout. Canyon is packed as usual and we just missed the start of the movie playing at The Gateway. Damn.  Wait, what's that singing I hear? I smell Shiraz...and manchego cheese.  Lo and behold, The Chill Wine Lounge appears before me  right next to The Gateway, like a mirage. A solo singer with a keyboard and a catchy rocky voice was the prefect compliment to the toasty tapas. Crostinis and wine. Helpful wait staff with iPads and cute hats. Cozy seating areas with mismatched furniture, a small bar, high tops and a few large tables perfect for a fun, handsome crowd.  Couples and singles and small groups, gay, straight - all pretty groovy. No stupid young and awkward. Just chill.  With munchies and good pours.  Looks like the age group stopping in here is typically 35 plus. Not a hang out for millennials. Well maybe the broad minded.I have been back since first stumbling in and shall return again and again.. Check it out.
<review# 418,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/25/2013,10/2/2013,152,348,6,7,5>I came here wanting to try something different, and boy did I get it. To start with, I will warn you that street parking is metered, so you have to pay. But you are in luck my friend because this little joint is located right outside the NW garage of Mizner Park which has free three hour parking. I have walked by Kapow! many times and every time I do I feel like I need to go in and try something. There's always someone outside or at the bar enjoying themselves, and the giant mural is so alluring. The kitchen is open so you can watch the chefs cook their delectable delights. The bar tender was all smiles and shared with us her favorite dishes and the most ordered items on the menu. I ordered the mushroom steamed bun, and the shumai. Jonathan ordered the banh mi with french fries. While we awaited our order, I browsed the drink menu and found multiple interesting cocktails that I would love to try (especially the large variety of gin cocktails). I was happily surprised and thrilled to see they offered craft beer as well. Side note: I believe every great establishment should serve craft beer. ;)Now, onto the food. The steamed bun is definitely a texture to get used to. It's just like the bar tender said, "it's like steamed wonder bread." That being said, I did enjoyed the bun but I thought the mushrooms were insipid. I was quite sad, and disappointed at how badly it was seasoned. There was no salt or pepper, therefor no flavor. The pickled cucumber was a nice touch, but I only got one per bun. :(The shumai were excellent, one of the best I've ever had. The shrimp were in whole pieces, really fresh, they were perfectly steamed and I loved putting siracha on them to give it a kick.The banh mi was so scrumptious. I stole two bites from Jonathan and I am absolutely going to order that when I come here again. The french fries reminded me of steak fries that are cut in large wedges. They were good but not great. I would love to try the sweet potato fries next time (I hear they're rolled in brown sugar, yum).After that was all said and done, Jonathan heard they had crème brûlée and he had to have it. But it wasn't any old vanilla or chocolate flavored, it was chai and lavender crème brûlée. When it came out they gave us some silly looking flat tipped spoons that we laughed at, and the dessert looked amazing. It was nicely caramelized on top and the flavor was outstanding, but the custard was sort of melting. When Jonathan finished up, he saw the genius of the flat tipped spoon - all the better to scoop up every last drop of goodness that's left in that little bowl.
<review# 419,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2013,10/1/2013,333,226,5,5,5>You have never seen anything like this place...just go here!You just have to experience this place if you like unique, nostalgia and quirky.Consider that they have the famous brands of candy you grew up with (even if you were born in 1806).  There are over 100 different types of licorice here...only three of which are sugar free.  (But how many sugar free licorices can you find anywhere else?)Over 70 types of chocolate covered items.  Over 90 types of dark chocolate.  The classic sodas in glass bottles made with cane sugar.  The largest sugar free selection of candies I have found anywhere.And we haven't even started to talk about the party items, novelty toys and so many other things that I can't cover here.  I won't cover here.  Sometimes you just need to experience the joy and wonder of discovery.This is the place for discovery.You will be amused with the discoveries you make here or I will double your stars back!
<review# 420,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2013,9/30/2013,695,2029,6,15,10>I came to Beach Place looking for Sonics, which I found now removed from the front and nestled toward the rear of the Atlantic Surf Club, but looking at Atlantic's menu and desiring to enjoy the marvelous ocean and beach views decided to eat there instead. I started off with a couple of their "small plates," being a half dozen oyster which came rather small in size but fresh enough served with a typical chili sauce along with a mignonette and also their Sugar Cane Shrimp with a Thai dipping sauce. I found both to be rather good, better than the small plates or appetizer available elsewhere in Beach Place.For my main meal I had their Filet Mignon burger, which I ordered rare in spite of the fact that I was told that they usually don't prepare their meats rare which sort of puzzled me since I was already ignoring all of those health warnings by having just eaten raw oysters which they served to me, why would they think rare meat might possibly be any more harmful to my health. Anyway, when it was served it did come rare as ordered, was juicy delicious especially with the fennel buttered topping. All in all and having eaten at all the other locations in Beach Place, which is well known for its overpriced inferior for tourists only food, I came away rather impressed. To my delight I enjoyed a rather good meal plus one of the best beach and ocean views available. Without any doubt, it is the best restaurant to be had in Beach Place, so solely on that basis Four Stars.
<review# 421,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2013,9/29/2013,129,102,3,6,4>Your Big Picture Cafe was an interesting experience. I was a tad confused walking into the small cafe because I was expecting the pungent aroma of freshly brewed espresso. Instead, it smelled more like a spa. After I got over the herbaceous/lavender/body oil odor, I realized this place was quite appealing. They specialize in a lot of organic products ranging from teas, snacks and other products. I definitely plan an going back to check all of this out. I had a tough time figuring out which latte I wanted since they had a good selection to choose from. I ended up ordering the spice mocha chai tea latte with soy milk. I love how they serve their drinks in real mugs (unlike your typical Starbucks) and doesn't charge up the wazoo for that fancy schmancy service. I paid about $3.50 for my latte. The latte itself was very good, although I plan on trying this with almond milk next time. The latte also came with a small bite-size piece of organic dark chocolate. The baristas were very friendly and patient with all of my questions. They also have free wi-fi, you just have to ask for the password. Good number of tables and chairs for seating. Oh, and if you're Nova student, you get 10% off! Just show them your ID and if you get registered in their system, you won't have to show your ID thereafter.
<review# 422,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2013,9/28/2013,138,352,4,6,6>Can someone please explain to me how I have never seen or heard of this place?!Coconuts is located right on the water and is two restaurants wrapped into one. At night the other half opens up with a completely different menu. When we came here the service was super friendly and super attentive. They have so many good specials and menu items that it took a good amount of time to figure out what to get. In a quick and decisive move our group ordered some appetizers.  We got the grilled jerk wings and mahi-mahi fish dip. This was obviously a winning combination that paved the way for more delicious food.Finally, I decided to go with the fish tacos. I don't think they could get any fresher unless they were still swimming. I HIGHLY recommend you try them out. They are topped with a delicious mango salsa that doesn't taste like mango. Great service + great food + great locationCheck it out!
<review# 423,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2013,9/27/2013,181,103,8,7,6>After an long, overdue wait, I finally made it to Tap 42. One of my cousins was in town for his bday and he's quite a beer aficionado so I decided to take him here which gave me an excuse to try a few beers. I have to forewarn you that this review is coming from a non beer drinker. It could be due to all those times I sneaked beer from my dad's stash as a kid. This was probably God's way of punishing me lol Either way, I still had to try it. I went on a Sunday evening & there was a nice cool crowd there. The staff was very welcoming. Every person that saw us made direct eye contact and said hello. This was certainly a change of pace for me especially at a bar but then again you can't really call Tap 42 a bar hence the reason for the difference! Our server, Natasha was extremely helpful. She offered me her suggestions and even brought me some samples to try. I ended up with a crafted beer cocktail. I was a bit reluctant at first but Natasha assured me that I would enjoy it. She was right! It had orchard ale in it with vodka, grapefruit bitters and some other stuff & boy was it tasty! You were able to taste ever ingredient in the drink which was surprising being that there was beer in it. All I can say is that the bartender knew what he was doing! Now on to the best part - THE FOOD!!! I have this thing for macaroni & cheese. I swear the day I find a man who can cook me macaroni & cheese the right way will be the day I get married!!! Needless to say, I'd like to marry the chef at Tap 42 who made the shrimp macaroni & cheese. Goodness gracious, thinking about it right now is giving me heart palpitations lol whatever you do, get the Mac & cheese! We also had the white boy Asian wings. The name was a bit of a put off but that's what made my cousin order them in the first place! They're actually just sesame Asian wings tossed in a sweet sauce. For my entree, I had their "wing" with cheese grits & southern style greens. The wing is really a pork leg of some sort. Again, confused by the name but it was good. The grits aren't what I was used to as it was of a thicker consistency with a cheese layer. It wasn't the best part of the dish but it tasted okay. My cousin had the meatloaf. I'm still waiting for him to pick his head up to talk... Yea, he enjoyed it lol I also tried their pumpkin beer & from what my cousin said that this particular pumpkin beer was really good so I tried it. It tasted good but I still can't drink an entire glass of beer. Would I return to Tap 42? Of course but it will have to be during their happy hour as my Amex card is still crying from the hurting I put on it. 3 beers, 1 cocktail, 2 apps, & 2 entrees put me at a cool $95 plus tip. Yeah $5 prohibition burgers and $2 Tacos sound real nice right about now & my Amex card would appreciate it :-)
<review# 424,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2013,9/26/2013,296,502,10,15,10>I love this place! I have now hosted two birthday parties for my son here and they have both been a hit! This new location is wonderful. It is HUGE!  There are about 4 different types of inflatables available for the kids included in the party price, various trampolines and spring floor for the kids to run, jump and play on. There is plenty of seating outside of the party rooms for parents to sit and look into the gym if they choose not to enter. Anyone who enters is required to be barefooted. No socks allowed. I thought my feet would come out black once done and they were not. They keep their gym spotless. Their bathrooms and party areas are very clean too which is important when dealing with kids. When the play portion is over they guide the kids to the wall hand sanitizer before entering the party room to eat.The party time frame is usually 1 hour for play and 45 minutes in the party room. They have specific times listed on their site that offer extended play time and time in the party room at no extra cost which I found useful. My only gripe, and it's a big one, is that the time to set up is only 20 minutes. I practically begged for a 10 minute extension. As it is, with 5 people, it took us 45 minutes to set up. This means that I missed the first 15 minutes of my son's party. I was really stressed and sweating setting up rushing as were my girlfriends who were helping me. There should definitively be more time allowed in between parties for set up and cleaning up etc. At the very least, larger parties in the big room absolutely need more time than the other smaller rooms. I acknowledge that I am an extreme case because my decorations are typically more intricate than others. However, just bringing simple tablecloths, plates and all the food can take at least 30 minutes. But I digress...The registration process is simple. Everything is spelled out for you in the contract and on their website. The staff that works with the kids and helps set up the party is absolutely wonderful. They really do a great job in training them. Not one simple complaint about that here. I have a special needs child and they have always been accommodating with things like lowering the music or switching up the party format. We are definitively coming back for a third time!
<review# 425,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2013,9/25/2013,39,44,2,3,4>UPDATE: Unfortunately Brother Tucker's is now closed.  The property owner is not renewing any leases in this plaza as a hotel developer is taking over the spot.  This spot will be missed.In the ever growing craft beer scene in South Florida Brother Tucker's often flies under the radar to most beer lovers.  They aren't out there doing guerrilla advertising like WOB and they don't have 50 something taps.  What they have is character, good beer, great food and excellent staff.On Atlantic Boulevard in Pompano, almost at the beach you have to park behind the building.  At this point you have two options; walk around to the front entrance or walk right in the back through the kitchen.  No you didn't read that wrong.  Entering and exiting through the kitchen is actually encouraged because they know you are likely parked right back there.  So they don't want you to walk any further than you have to.  Already they are looking out for you.Once in the dining room you have a small space that reminds me of an old Italian restaurant.  I sometimes expect to see a group of Mafioso types sitting at a table in the corner.  There are a few tables outside along the front and a small bar that can sit 4 - 6.There is usually 6 rotating beers on draft from all over the world.  BT's prides themselves on their Belgian selection so you will typically see a couple of them on tap with German, English and American selections too.  They also have an extensive bottle selection as well.The food is really the gem of this place though and many wouldn't even think it.  Huge portions are the key here.  I typically get the Burgatory, a burger with hot sauce, pepper jack cheese and hot peppers.  The meatballs are delicious as well and again, gigantic.  You might look at the prices and think they are somewhat expensive but when you see your dish you will understand why.They service is top notch.  Ian, the bar manager, is a wonderful human being.  He knows his beer so if you are unsure what to get don't hesitate to ask him and he will help guide you to a choice.More people need to know about Brother Tuckers.  When the beer community thinks of they usual suspects for beer bars this one is really a unique and must visit place.
<review# 426,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2013,9/24/2013,440,356,4,17,5>A bunch of adults acting like kids!! So much fun. We decided to buy the Living Social deal to come here. We paid $35 dollars for 2 people. However, this price doesn't include the taxes. You will have to pay an additional $2 bucks there. To save time you should fill out the waiver online or you will have to wait in line to fill it out there. With our living social voucher this includes: Indoor Trampoline Park Experience for Two Includes (For Each Participant) One Hour-Long Jump, Two Games of Laser Tag, Two Rock Wall Experiences, One Hour-Long Arcade Time Card, Slice of Pizza with One Topping, and Soft DrinkWe were a group of 6. When walking in we were a bit surprised because I thought it would be larger but it was a decent size. When you enter there are arcade games. However, with the voucher you can only use the games that light up with yellow and red. (Basically, the ones that do not giv e you tickets to get a prize) We started off with the trampolines. You have to take off your shoes and socks. They should have lockers around to rent or something. You have to leave your shoes and socks in cubes or on the floor. The trampolines were a blast. You can bounce off the walls and flip around. We got super tired. It is a workout!! We then decided to go into the Laser Tag room. I have to say this was the best part!! It was really fun with our group. The laser tag room was big. They have two-stories and the maze is awesome. The only thing that I would change is divide the little kids from the adults. There should be two rooms. I don't think it was too much fun for the little ones since we kept finding them. hehe But overall we had a blast. It is 7minutes long games. Rock wall climbing was ok. I was a little afraid of the height but I tried it once. Then off to the arcade section. We played all the racing games. I love the fact that you can take your own picture so you see yourself as the actual person. The food court section needs to be a bit cleaner and more organized. They should have a section just for the line to order your food. When ordering we are standing around the tables while people eat. Also, they should have more staff back in the kitchen helping out. Need more trash cans near so people can throw away their trash instead of leaving it on the table. Over all this place was super fun and I would definitely come back. I hope there are more living social offers. The total would have been $102 for two people if we didn't have it.
<review# 427,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2013,9/23/2013,37,50,3,3,3>I have a really sensitive stomach and I take medication to help that.  Some foods will cut through that though, so I have to be careful.  The stomach wants what it wants, though, and I have to indulge in a craving every once in a while.  If I'm going to indulge in a craving that I know is going to give me mild heartburn, I gotta make sure it's worth it.Gyroville totally hit that spot...slam dunk.  I had a totally tasty meal that hit the craving, giving me just enough heartburn to "hurt so good" in remembrance of the meal.This was my first time here.  When I walked in, the place was not busy.  I looked at the cook behind the counter and asked if I could have a gyro meal.  No problem.  Fries?  You got it.  I was struck by the quality of the gyro meat.  It was thinly sliced, but they put a good heaping helping on there...just like a gyro should be.  *shakes fist*They've got all kinds of different toppings like olives and peppers.  Being somewhat of a purist, I got the tzatziki sauce, lettuce, tomatoes, and feta cheese.  I'm typically not moved by food, but the sandwich they were making actually looked kinda pretty.  Absolutely everything there was probably "made that day" fresh.  The lettuce wasn't brown or limp, and it still had that cool, refreshing zing to it.  The tomatoes were so fresh, they tried to cop a feel! ;pThe sandwich was large enough that I forced down the last quarter of the sandwich because it would have been a sin to waste that.  It hurt putting that much food in my stomach, and I barely touched the side of fries.  I wish the fries were a little crispier.  They were still good, though.  I wonder if it's because they put them in a plastic container instead of a paper bag or something.Everyone was really friendly there.  The food surfaces and eating areas were OCD clean.  The food was super fresh.  The price was right around what you'd pay for a fresh gyro meal with fries and a drink.  I sit here now, nursing my mild heartburn with a glass of milk, waxing poetic about a gyro.  It was totally worth the digestion coma too.  If you have a normal digestive system, you probably won't have this experience...just a damn tasty meal.Oy...my stomach...so good...
<review# 428,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2013,9/22/2013,39,76,2,5,2>Things have changed at Thick & Thin since I gave my first review here almost 20 months ago. Thankfully, it's not the way they do their pizza. The pizzas here remain as some of the tastiest and delightfully chewy thin pies you'll find anywhere around. Their standard plain cheese, which I can't stay away from, is hard to beat, although I've had superior versions of their decent Grandma's.But what I'm writing about today is the elevated customer service they seem to be dishing out lately. My earlier review took exception with what I saw as customer indifference at Thick & Thin.  But when calling in orders recently, I've been cheerfully greeted by a pleasant and friendly, female voice at the other end of the line. Also, when picking up my order and paying the past few times, the person behind the counter actually looked up with a smile and said thank you.So, my former passing grade of 3 is bumped up to a very solid 4 stars. When I get around to sampling some of the other items on the menu, we'll see if I can stretch things even further.  And if you want to stretch your dollar a little further, there are   always special coupons on their website that make their already reasonable prices even better.
<review# 429,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2013,9/21/2013,360,368,2,4,3>Back after a couple of Years.A few years ago I stopped coming here because of some pricks that hung out at the bar. They were saying some stupid $hit about me that I didn't appreciate. It got to the point that the bartender apologized for them being a$$holes. So I stopped coming.Fast forward to present day, I told my wife I wanted a good steak dinner and I mentioned Runyons. She was cool with it so I called a couple buddies and met up there for happy hour. I walked to the bar and low and behold one of those pricks are at the bar. I payed him no mind and we walked over to my buddies table. I saw a couple other friends I know and made sure to say hello. The happy hour runs until 630p and its discounted drinks and apps. At 7p a guy plays the piano and sings. The app menu is larger and they had had some interesting selections. My buddies got the shrimp wrapped in Prosciutto, steakhouse chili with cheese, and escargot. Since my wife and I were going to have dinner I didn't sample anything but my friends liked the chow. The service was good and our bar waiter Ken took me around the restaurant and showed me how they have been remodeling the place. It looked good and it smelled new and not tired when I used to come here. I said hello to the manager Joe, who is a real friendly professonal guy who set us up with a dinner reservation. We paid are bar bill said adios to my buddies and my wife and I were seated near the piano. I have to admit as much as I pretend, I'm not a high class dining individual. I know some of the basic etiquette when eating at high-class restaurant like Runyons but I'm not immersed into this type of culture all time. The reason why I say that is every time I got up to use the restroom when I came back to my seat I noticed that my napkin was neatly folded back on the table. I asked my wife if the server kept giving me a new napkin every time I returned back to the table? She started  laughing and told me that they would fold it for me and place it back on the table every time I left.  I told her, damn that's some good service. That is were this place excels is with its service. We had the Colossal crab appetizer, the complimentary rolls, salad with blue cheese dressing, Manhattan clam chowder, Fillet mignon with a plain baked potato, and a Fillet mignon with shrimp scampi and a loaded baked potato. The colossal crab appetizer which is served cold was absolutely delicious.  Our server Brought  us the mustard dipping sauce along with cocktail sauce. Nice big chunks of cooked crab alittle mustard sauce popped in the mouth, YUM YUM. The complementary bread was warm, soft, chewy, and I loaded with butter and I was in heaven.  The salads were standard so nothing out of ordinary there. The Manhattan clam chowder was excellent. Large chunks of clam nice hearty broth, it was definitely above-average. Our main course looked pretty damn good. The only problem was is that my wife ordered her steak medium rare and I want my medium. When my wife cut into hers it definitely was cooked medium. When I cut into mine It was definitely medium rare so they had mixed up our steaks. We swapped steaks and all was good again the Runyons universe. The steak was really good. How do I know that? When you don't need to place steak sauce on it, you know the chef hit the mark with proper seasonings. The loaded baked potato was huge and was prepared by  a potato God. I'm a big fan of loaded baked potatoes and this one ranks in my top five. The scampi was ok, nothing outstanding there.Joe offered us a comp dessert or drink but I went with a coffee drink. My wife was too stuffed to get anything else but Thanks Joe!I know this is a long winded review, but this still is best steakhouse in Coral Springs. It's been around over thirty years and it deserves a little bit of time and praise. The new one page menu is basic but there is no need for a "book" menu anymore. Keep it simple is what I say.  I like the new renovations and the free entertainment while you are eating. This place is a classic and a throw back to table side service and folding napkins when you leave your seat. Best of all, I was in shorts with a collared shirt and I felt great. No jacket for me or slacks, which is another great thing. I told my wife I wanted to treat her at least once a month at Runyons and all I saw was her beautiful smile and her head nodding, yes. I love you Runyons and your A+ service. Remember to tell Joe that Dan sent you and Stay Hungry!
<review# 430,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2013,9/20/2013,929,502,3,5,4>I took my parents here 2 weeks ago after I had been raving about it to them for quite a while..  Soon as we walked in we were greeted by the overly friendly staff and the owner..   They were backed up in the kitchen so they brought over a couple of lil sides to hold us over and it was a very nice sweet touch..  Soon as my mom tried the Collard Greens she was in love she could not stop eating them, she had to order another side of them and couldn't stop raving about them..  And Once again the Chicken was cooked so perfect it was moist not greasy it was just perfect and I don't know what people are saying about soggy waffle I have been here about 4-5 times and have not once had a soggy waffle..  If you keep the chicken sitting on it or pour syrup and let it sit on the waffle that is the only way I could imagine it being soggy..  My parents told me it was the best friend chicken they have ever had and can't wait to bring my grandparents here when they come into town...  Keep up the good work!! This place is the Best!!
<review# 431,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2013,9/19/2013,402,320,1,5,3>I came in over the weekend with Brenna R. for lunch.  As we reviewed the chalkboards with their many food selections, I noticed plenty of vegetarian options available.  I opted for the mozzarella and tomato sandwich.  The sandwich comes with a small salad with some balsamic glaze dressing.  I found the quality of the food to be amazing.  That particular sandwich came with the basil tapenade, which was fantastic.  We also ordered the three-cheese plate with three accompaniments.  We chose the manchego, honey goat and vermont cheddar.  Excitedly, the honey goat cheese used a vegetable rennet, so its safe for the vegetarians.  The regular does have animal rennet, so avoid that one if you are concerned.  For our accompaniments, we had the basil tapenade, olive tapenade and honey.  I found the basil and honey to be my favorite pairings with the cheese and baguettes.  Overall, the staff was a little slow moving.  However, I really enjoyed the food here.  Totally worth the wait.
<review# 432,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2013,9/18/2013,73,205,3,7,4>The Tipsy Boar is a really fabulous place.  Good food, good drinks, good ambiance... this is the kind of place that stands out. The kind of place you take somebody who's visiting from out of town because you want to show them a great LOCAL establishment.  The kind of place you go to on a Friday night because you want to have dinner and drinks without fighting a crowd.The kind of place you go when you want good beer AND good food, and don't want to settle in either category.The kind of place that makes you go, "Yes! There are great, local restaurants in Broward!"This is the kind of place you search and search for, and when you find it... You can't wait to go back.Thanks Tipsy Boar, you rock.
<review# 433,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2013,9/17/2013,52,31,4,11,8>The menu was really diverse while still being cohesive and it was all AMAZING. I happened to during the opening and got to try quite a few things and everything was amazing. The staff was friendly and the owner was going from table to table talking to people, being friendly, seeing if everyone was enjoying everything.The BBC burger was perfectly cooked and amazingggg, so much gooey bleu cheese and bacon! It wasn't so big that it was difficult to hold but it was a very generous helping. The french fries came in these adorable silver crate things and we tried both the regular and sweet potato fries. I'm not a huge fan of sweet potato friends but my boyfriend really enjoyed them. He had mahi mahi and couldn't get enough of it! The people at the table next to us we're talking about how good the new england clam chowder was. My FAVORITE part was the appetizer we ordered, simple kettle cooked bleu cheese chips with bacon... [Yes, I enjoy bleu cheese] I don't know what made thse so good but they really, really were! I recommend you trying all of these items. They also serve these tiny perfectly portioned mousse desserts, they come in multiple flavors but the milk chocolate and the dulce de leche were our picks! So good!The decor is really cute as well and they offer a nice outdoor seating area and a coffee bar + full liquor bar! You really can't lose, especially since the area doesn't have many other restaurant that aren't generic staples like "outback" & "chilis". I will recommend to friends and family, we're already planning a trip back next weekend!
<review# 434,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/5/2013,9/16/2013,219,226,7,18,16>Surprisingly spacious and trendy asian food spot located on federal.Love the small plates!   Love being able to order numerous small portions and taste everything! My favorite dishes are:- Miso Cod!  Honey miso glaze!! Yum!!- Korean Short Ribs.  I may just love Short Ribs everywhere! - PAd Thai (always!)- The FireCracker Snapper Tempura  Rolls- Shrimp Tempura appetizer- Fried Rice- Grilled CalamariOn entering the hostess always ask if you prefer to dine in the bar (which is dimly lit and has a club/lounge feel), or the restaurant.   If you are looking for the happy hour deals, head to the bar area. The service is always pleasant.   We enjoy this spot everytime.There is a large party room tucked away in the front that you overlook.  Perfect for small gatherings of up to about 30-35 people.  Definitely recommend.
<review# 435,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2013,9/15/2013,442,433,8,10,8>Pop Quiz. How do you make a first date more awkward than it already is? You get called out on it by a group of party people your parents' age. But then you all start dancing to disco music and all is forgiven. [True story.] I can't guarantee this experience for everyone, but you are bound to enjoy whatever your experience is here. I was skeptical when I saw all five star reviews like "this place can't possibly be that good." Except it was. I met my mystery date at the bar and enjoyed a glass of Rose. Then when that was gone the owner promptly refilled my glass. "Well, guess I'm having another drink," I thought. Then another, followed by another. I'm not sure which were on the house, because the boy snatched the bill before I could even see it, but I know a couple of them were. Were we really that obvious? Everyone in the restaurant tried to contribute to easing the first date ritual.I remember devouring the falafel wrap which was fantastic. One of the best Mediterranean meals I've ever had. He raved about his chicken sandwich as well. Never expected to spend five hours there but it definitely turned out to be more than a memorable meal. BOTTOM LINE: Wine. Food. Fun.
<review# 436,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2013,9/14/2013,165,221,4,8,4>Lets start by saying that this is NOT your traditional yoga studio. You will NOT be able to meditate in here, and you wont be holding posses while thinking if what you're going to cook for dinner that night. You are going to be moving, a lot, fast, sweating, barely breathing and probably have a blank mind, because you wont have enough energy to think and do at the same time. Having said that, if you like a good workout but don't want to put pressure on your joints, this is the place for you!I LOVE to workout, and I consider myself to be in fairly good shape. I exercise at least 5 times a week with intense cardio and plyometrics...and plyos are exactly what got me in trouble with me knees. I had been experiencing some knee pains but being the hyperactive person that I am I could not just stay home and REST, that was definitely not an option. I need to sweat and burn otherwise I get moody. So I decided to give yoga a chance.I called Nathalie and she explained to me over the phone that this was NOT meditation yoga, I was soooo excited to hear that. I was not looking for mediation so this was perfect for me.I walked in saturday morning at 8:50 ( 10 minutes before class starts to meet Nathalie and introduce myself) Nathalie was very sweet and asked about my knee and even gave e pointers on how to avoid putting pressure on it during the poses. She went above and beyond to make sure my knee was feeling ok through the workout. The room is heated, so I was pretty much an open faucet. Sweat was pouring down my back, front and sides like a diluvium. By the time the class was over (which by the way lasts 90 minutes) I was drenched and doleful. The real treat was when I woke up Sunday morning and tried reaching out for my phone. OUCH! My shoulders were on fire! I was so happy to wake up sore and I will definitely be joining Nathalie and the rest of the girls for weekly sessions. I really recommend this workout to anyone who is looking to lose weight, tone up and stretch without the dangers of high impact exercises.
<review# 437,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2013,9/13/2013,250,136,6,6,6>As far as heights are concerned, the thought of being high doesn't bother me, but when I am confronted with reality and have to go higher than my head, I retreat to "panic" mode. For example, I have a fear of needles. I'm not proud to say that I'm the type of person who tears up when they go to the doctor to get a shot or have blood drawn, but I am. I cry Every.Single.Time and I've just grown used to the fact that no matter how determined I am to stop myself, tears still form in my eyes. It's just a stupid needle and it's only a pinch. Geez. My rational side never wins against my irrational side, at least not that fight.So, when I booked my "Intro to Climbing/Belay" class for the 12 pm slot, I knew something along those lines might happen. However, I was very excited for the weekend to arrive. I just KNEW I was going to be triumphant over this fear. SN: The reason I went in the first place is because there are several upcoming races (Savage, Tough Mudder, Superhero, etc.) that require climbing. I can't take the chance that I will chicken out at the last minute in front of thousands of others now could I? I posted a status on Facebook requesting for others to join. I didn't want to go alone. A friend of mine messaged me and said he would go, that he had never been either. Saturday arrives. I'm on time; my friend is late because he got lost. I'm not surprised because almost everyone I know is late for everything. FYI, you have to drive down SW 26th Terrace and it's on the left in an industrial park. In order to participate, you have to fill out the paperwork/waivers for the beginner's class, which works out to about $42.00 per person. It includes the class, gear and day-pass. In the class, they teach you how to tie basic knots, how to belay properly and about the different gear. I filled out the paperwork while I waited for my friend to arrive.Tony was our fantastic instructor. We finished our instruction and went to the wall for our first climb. Tony asks us whose idea it was to come to their facility. I said that it was mine. So yeah, I had to climb first. He gave me a chalk bag, showed me how to attach it to the utility loop on the harness and asked me if I was ready. They're engaging in a bit of chitchat about my friend's part (belaying). Meanwhile, I've completely zoned out, staring at the top of the wall. I'm trying not to have a mini panic attack. Breathe in and breathe out, right? Wrong! As I'm standing there trying to maintain my composure, tears start to squeeze out of my eyes. It is so embarrassing that this is happening at this very moment! I keep my back to everyone else, staring at my hands as I tie my knots and attach the rope to my harness. I've made up my mind that I'm going to climb the wall, tears and all! Tony comes around and faces me. His face is shocked and filled with concern, because he has this adult female with tears in her eyes, freaking out about climbing a stupid indoor, rock wall. He wants to know if I want to take a break to calm down. Nope, no freaking way am I stopping now. I was determined to go all the way up to touch the ceiling. I simply asked him if he wouldn't tell anyone I was crying. I'm really good about being discreet and I knew that nobody, except my friend had seen my tears. So, I wiped my eyes and got into position to climb the wall. Tony coached me all the way to the top. Honestly, it wasn't that bad. I was really excited that I made it all the way to the top. I've been happy in my life about many of my accomplishments, but this was right up there with the most memorable ones. I can't even describe the joy and relief I felt when I made it to the top and back down again.We switched places and I took on the belaying (or the "trust that I will catch you when you fall") position, while my friend took his turn on the wall. Watch out for those things, the device will pinch your hand if you aren't careful. We took a break for a bit and took on a different portion of the wall for a little while, but unfortunately, my hands are not conditioned for this sort of sport. I managed to rip my skin not once or twice, but THREE times. I had to stop after the final flap of skin decided to rip open.They have drinks for sale, but bring snacks and water. You will definitely need to refuel after climbing for a while. Monster energy drinks aren't proper fuel either! Also, they don't use AC to cool off the area. They have a bunch of large fans, so if you can't handle a little heat, then this probably isn't for you. If you're out climbing on the side of a mountain, air conditioning isn't provided then either. I'm still healing, but it was worth the pain. A word of advice, invest in a pair of gloves. Your hands will love you for it. And yes, I'm laughing about my display of emotions now, but it really was embarrassing. Hopefully, I can make a visit back this weekend. The staff is excellent and attentive. It is well worth the drive to check out.
<review# 438,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2013,9/12/2013,271,213,4,5,3>Boca By Design was probably the 3rd or 4th event planner I approached for my wedding. Despite the fact that Boca by Design is located within the luxurious Boca Resort, their quotes are well comparable to your other florists and planners out there. Brant and Noelle were very helpful, though Brant was always on a rush.  Despite that, he was always polite, calm and collected. He saw my vision right away; did not beat around the bush and did not make me feel bad for having a budget.  Unlike with other planners, Brant gave me an all inclusive quote first up and I took things out as I saw fit. In the end, we added some things, but I felt comfortable with any changes/ additions as they made complete sense. My wedding bouquet was exactly how I wanted it; the brides maids bouquets I was happy with; the ceremony flowers were really neat as were the reception flowers.  Only thing I was not completely happy about: The florist did not pay attention to make sure that I had enough Garden Roses in my center pieces; it was a little too much Hydrangeas and a bit too little of those luscious roses, as shown at the first viewing with Brant.  Brant, probably will not argue with me on this one, but in the end I was not going to send the centerpieces back on my wedding day! :) You have to live with it. To give you an idea of their pricing, here a rough breakdown: (for approx 70 guest) Bride Bouquet: $150.00Brides' Maids: $50 eachCenterpieces: $135.00Ceremony Flowers: approx $400Plus lighting, candles, vases etc.   Total was about $2500.00Not cheap, but it was beautiful and I am happy to have picked Boca By Design.  They made it happen and were professional about it. Beware florist for weddings that are out there... I had to deal with a few rotten tomatoes before I found the perfect match.
<review# 439,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2013,9/11/2013,41,84,4,9,4>I was looking for some Roti in my neighborhood and came across this in Yelp. And boy this is another great find because of dear ol' Yelp! Update 11/13 -I love this place but everytime I come here it is so slow. And they never get my order right. It is frustrating but I love the food here so I endure the issues I encounter. And this is just not a one time occurance. I've been quite a bit and I always have some issue. I think the best thing for sure is to order ahead! First, it was close to my place and I didn't have to go far to Naz or LC's Roti to get good roti close. I went there during lunch time and just before noon I beat the lunch rush. It is clean and very affordable!!! I have ordered numerous things on the menu from chow mein, stuffed roti, samosa's and cabbage. I really love the spiciness of the cabbage! I always order it on the side. The roti is not as stuffed inside as some of the other roti's I've had but it is still very satisfying to me.  My coworkers are in love with the tamarind sauce that comes with the samosa's.  I've been here several times in the past month and not disappointed. The wait time can be long at times especially during lunch hours but it is worth it. If you have a bigger order call ahead!  One day I was waiting for a big order to be filled and the lady in the back gave me a fresh lemon roll to try. I thought that was super sweet of her. Pros:1) Affordable2) Clean3) Lots of different varieties4) Good Location 5) Friendly Service6) Lots of vegetarian options Cons:1) The only real main issue is that sometimes it takes a lot of time to get food especially Roti's and Samosa's. This happens when you order more than one roti. It's not a big deal since I know they are making things fresh. You will have to really be patient during lunch time if you are ordering any roti and especially more than one.
<review# 440,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2013,9/10/2013,174,188,3,4,3>I have been here twice and this place is absolutely fabulous!  This place has outdoor seating as well as an area that reminds me of a cafe.  Then there is another section with a bar that has a more upscale feel.  They have two separate menus for lunch and for dinner.  Some of the same stuff is on both menus but I prefer the dinner one.Everything here is almost vegan except some things have honey.  Everything is very fresh and well prepared.  The menu also has raw food options.For an appetizer the fruit and cheese plate is delicious,  It has a cashew cheese that has a great texture.  This plate also contains another 'cheese' as well as crackers, fruit and a salad.  The fig appetizer was great too.  It had a nut ricotta with it as well as crackers and apples.  My sister and I also shared the mac and cheese which also had a wonderful texture.The desserts are delicious.  They have a cashew ice cream which was so creamy and rich.  I also tried a turtle gourmet chocolate.  We also had some of the bakery selections including a mint cookie.This place is a must go!
<review# 441,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2013,9/9/2013,124,34,9,12,11>So I went to this location for a little Salsa intro with my sister. Neither of us have the latin blood running through our veins naturally (no matter how much I choose to deny that as truth, it is), so this was going to be interesting. Seeing that it was our first time, the staff was very friendly and welcoming and did everything to calm any pre existing nerves for all us newbies. About a little more than half the class had been attending, and the remainder of us were all new. They were running a promotion for 10 dollars and get one week of as many classes as you want for free. I thought it was a good deal considering one individual class is normally more than that itself. So as we took our places, our instructor started to go through the basic step, and after we "mastered" that we then moved on to faster (I do not use that word lightly) things. Each salsa class they go through the basic step and then add a specific move for us to master (a different one every class). They have the girls and the guys line up and switch every minute or so on a rotation, so you're not stuck with the worst or paired with the best for the whole time. Overall it was good system, the staff has lots of energy, and it was a fun atmosphere. I will say that I personally prefer the way the guy explains the steps more than the way the girl did, but that's just a preference. Easier for me to catch on. Nos vemos pronto Casa Salsa! Hopefully soon I'll have the world convinced I've got Latin blood in me after all...
<review# 442,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2013,9/8/2013,309,218,1,4,4>This is not just a nursery - it is an experience!  I have been to Living Color a few times now and I have to say that it is an incredible and breathtaking place!  Acres and acres of the most beautiful plants.  Trees, exotic flowers, fountains, a large lake.. it is like strolling through an incredibly perfect manicured garden where everything just happens to be for sale.  The selection is beyond reproach.  I have spent hours just wandering around taking pictures.  A visit here is very therapeutic!  For our property we have purchased such rare and amazing things as a rainbow eucalyptus tree (which is now 20 feet tall) as well as several other beautiful and amazing trees that are on our property which are also flourishing in the south Florida sun.  This is THE place to come if you want a wide selection of orchids or are embarking on a large scale landscaping project.  Top notch, very high end, helpful and honest service and incredible selection!  If you just love beautiful places stop in one day and stroll the endless grounds. You will not be disappointed!
<review# 443,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2013,9/7/2013,292,387,10,15,12>Based on the name alone, you  expect just another coffee shop... but this is far from being another coffee shop.  My discovery of Coffee District came about when I did a search online for the best places to get some unique and hard to find beers.  Almost every top 10 list for the South Florida, Palm Beach County or Tri-County areas included Coffee District.  At first I thought my eyes were deceiving me or that an error must've been made; but no, it's Spot-On.... WELCOME TO BEER (and coffee) HEAVEN.... CIGAR CITY TAP TAKEOVER (May 18 2013):My first visit welcomed me to the Cigar City Tap Takeover with a few friends.  Very excited to check out the "Oatmeal Raison Cookie" that Cigar City was unveiling.  Turns out our friend ahead of us got the last glass but things worked out well since I took a sip of it and frankly I didn't love it.  Ended up ordering "Graham Cracker"... HUGE WIN.  The place was busy but we managed to score a table and we enjoyed a good time with friends and a plate of hummus.  COFFEE BREAK (June 22, 2013):After dinner one night in the area, we bumped into a friend and our paths led us back here to enjoy some quiet time to chat and enjoy some coffee.  So far I had only heard oohs and ahhs over the beer selection and not much regarding the coffee;  but the coffee was quite impressive.  Tried the Vanilla Chai Latte and I loved it (strange considering I don't like vanilla and don't care much for chai, but for whatever reason I did like this combination).  KARAOKE NIGHT (July 12, 2013):After what turned out to be a very stressful week, Friday arrived and decided to head over to Coffee District to peruse their beer selection and experiment with this or that.  My previous visit was welcomed to a quite, unassuming coffee shop;  but not on this night. Turns out Friday nights are Karaoke night and it gets loud, entertaining and a good time to be had.  We managed to grab a table and I had brought my Mac to goof around on but we had plenty of live show entertainment to amuse us (though we don't do any singing for the better of man-kind).As a mater of fact, "Elvis" returned from the dead and stole the show.  Yes, ELVIS was in the house.  The Karaoke host called out the name for the next "wanna-be" singer and this guy enters the front door with full-on 1970s Elvis attire.  Complete with the hip shakes and facial features "Elvis" was a HUGE SMASH.  When the song ended, the Elvis impersonator walked out the door and left, and just like that "ELVIS HAS LEFT THE BUILDING"TASH BIRTHDAY CELEBRATION (August 23, 2013):Came a bit before the birthday girl made her entrance and jumped into a bottle of Fantôme Boo! (always nice to get the jump on the guest of honor).  Once the birthday girl and other friends arrived the Karaoke dragged all of our group (except me) to the stage.  Highlight of the night was Natasha, Lena and Marisol doing their rendition of "Like A Virgin"... a song they chose to be "MORE WHOLESOME" since there were a few young kids in the house... WAY TO GO LADIES, WAY TO GO  ! ! !   On this night we drank a lot (maybe even too much), but it was the night full of good times.GENERAL VISITS:Beside those special visits, I have been back a few times to try a variety of the beers and that selection is no lie; quite the beer list.  Each time I visit I find more and more hard-to-find bottles (mid-August I found a variety Mikkeller, Jolly Pumpkin and the Bruery).  And the prices seem fair (not cheap, but fair).I've also managed to try a couple more coffee concoctions and turns out their coffee is just as impressive as the beer.  Last visit I fell in love with Iced Raspberry Mocha.  And even managed to grab a meal here a couple times.  Lite bites and salads are good and the Panini's are excellent but it's the coffee and beer that make Coffee District distinct.  Definitely one of my favorite "GO TO" spots...
<review# 444,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2013,9/6/2013,87,128,2,11,6>What a wonderful place. Thanks yelp!  We've been to Hot and Soul several times now - both for brunch and dinner. I can't say I prefer one over the other.  The owners clearly love food and are masters at their craft. The menu is so varied... from New Orleans Creole to Peruvian to Indian... and none disappoint. For brunch we started with the cat head biscuit with the mango jam & dulce de leche. Biscuits were fresh and melted in your mouth.  I ordered the pan fried semolina cake (their version of "french toast") with kumquat syrup, homemade ricotta and cashew brittle. I have never had this anywhere else - it was delicious.  My husband ordered the steak and eggs. He got THE super steak cooked to perfection. Oh... and gnocchi hash browns?  Yes please! I always ask about daily specials... and the time we went for dinner they had an amazing curry goat.  Now, I usually don't like curry-anything because I feel I smell like curry for the rest of the day.  This was different.  I can only assume this is because the quality of the spices is much superior to your average store-bought cheap curry. And the goat was fall of the bone soft.  Husband had the rainbow fish and didn't talk the entire time he was eating - it was that good! I wanted to order the chocolate bark for dessert but they were all out. Oh well, I'll have to go back some other time!Oh, they also have a bunch of craft beers on draft they rotate and a large selection of bottled beer and great wine.  EVERYTHING on the menu is 5 stars.  There's no going wrong with whatever you order.  I can't wait to go back and do the 8-couse tasting menu. Pricing is fair for the quality (and amount) of the food.  The ambiance is very laid back, nothing fancy and with a very personable staff.  It has a wonderful 'neighborhood' feel.  This place is getting popular though, so be sure to call ahead and get a reservation if you want to have dinner.
<review# 445,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2013,9/5/2013,56,157,4,10,8>If a place has this many 5 star reviews, you know they're doing something right!What can I say about Louie K's? It's a hidden gem of a sandwich shop in a Sunrise strip mall. Honestly, I never would have discovered it if it wasn't for Yelp, but I'm so happy I did! It's a small store, and when you walk in, with the dim lighting, purple walls, and killer soundtrack playing, you'll probably think you're in a club instead of a sandwich shop. It's a fun atmosphere and unique vibe, for sure. The place is also incredibly clean, which is very important to me. You choose what type of sandwich you want, everything from bread to cold cuts to toppings, by checking boxes on a form and handing it over to Louie. At first I was pretty intimidated by this setup (the form is pretty intense!), but the more I've done it, the more I realize that it's actually pretty efficient and smart. If your order is wrong, you have no one to blame but yourself - you filled it out!Louie makes all the sandwiches himself, so it can get crowded at peak times, but the wait is worth it for the quality you get. The sandwiches are well-crafted and he doesn't skimp on anything, whether it's meat, cheese, or toppings. The bread is soft and fresh, the meat is high quality and sliced to order, and the veggies are fresh. I especially love the roast beef sub - the beef is always rare, juicy, and perfect - a rarity in the world of roast beef. They have lots of other specialty and combo subs and a great variety, but I love the roast beef so much, it's hard to stray. This is definitely a place where the owner cares about quality and making a damn good sandwich, and the proof is in the sub. If you're on the lookout for a great sub, head to Louie K's - absolutely fantastic!
<review# 446,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2013,9/4/2013,251,189,3,8,4>Fins Furs N Feathers (let us just call it FFF) is a great locally owned pet shop in east Boca that has been around since 1970.  I used to go to Petsmart for my dog food needs, but I recently switched food brands per my vet's suggestion that Petsmart doesn't carry.FFF not only carried it, but they had tons of samples to give me in each of the flavors to see which kind my pups liked the best.  The guys at the counter didn't even blink an eye about handing me plenty of bags for sampling and did so with knowledge and a smile.After I decided on which flavor to feed, I was having trouble stopping in on a day where they had the biggest bag of it available (side note: I have 3 dogs).  So the guy at the counter set an order for me and told me to let him know how often I need a new bag.  Now they will automatically hold a large bag in the back with my name on it to ensure I always have it.  Needless to say, I love the service I receive at FFF.If you like their Facebook page, you can find out specials and contests that they run monthly.  Even without promos, their pricing is reasonable and totally worth any cost with the service you receive here.
<review# 447,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2013,9/3/2013,381,162,2,6,3>WOW. I mean, I didn't believe the hype about this being the best burger in South Florida - I was severely mistaken. I came on a Sunday around 6:00PM which is perfect. I sat by the water and the view was unbelievable. The service is what everyone says it is, lacking & below average. But do NOT let that stray you away from experiencing this place. The wait wasn't too long, but that didn't bother me too much because this place was rather busy.Once I got my burger, I was completely amazed. First off, it was cooked EXACTLY the way I enjoy it, Medium Rare. A perfect pink. The patty was juicy & delicious with perfectly melted cheese. Oh man my mouth is watering just thinking about this place. The fries were amazing too. Nothing like a great burger and a nice cold Stella. You MUST check this place out. Parking is a little bit of a pain but sometimes you'll just get lucky. This place is definitely a hidden gem and easily one of the best burgers you'll ever eat. I can't wait to come here again.Enjoy your burger!
<review# 448,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2013,9/2/2013,287,564,3,3,4>Why, oh why did I wait sooo long to experience Rocco's Tacos! I've heard so many stories but waited until this weekend to become a believer! Our Friday night dinner started off with a 20 minute wait, which is not at all bad considering how busy the plaza was. We were seated outside and our drink orders were taken almost immediately! ::thumbs up:: cause it was a hot evening. Although a check-in offer is indicated on the app, it was not honored due to the choice of alcohol for the month... idk what that means exactly but some chips and amazingly fresh salsa was brought out in its place. Our party ordered the table side guacamole which was as fresh as it gets. Not as spicy as requested but still delicious! We ordered, the pulled pork tostado, 3 tacos: chicken, beef and pork, the wet burrito with chicken, chicken al carbon and the yucatan. Everyone's food was delicious! Everyone's!! I loved the taste of the tostado which offered a bit of sweetness against the saltiness of the pork. The chicken al carbon came with red rice and plantains and was marinated to just the right point! The tacos were great and the wet burrito was even tastier the next day. Portion sizes are huge, so plan to enjoy the next day as well.
<review# 449,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2013,9/1/2013,187,216,3,6,5>An enticing smokey goodness hits your sense of smell as soon as you walk in!This small take-out BBQ joint packs a huge punch in taste and perfection to their meats.  Walking into the joint, you may be a bit skeptical in actually eating from the establishment as others have noted that their is only one high-top with two stools and a couple of chairs for you to sit and wait for your order.Service is great.  Very enthusiastic owner and chef that is friendly, attentive and accommodating.After perusing through their menu, everything sounded so good, the aroma coming from the kitchen did not help either.  So we decided to order for four...the Baby Bone's Meal and attach a bunch orders of meats to complete the MEAT FEAST!Am I glad that I ordered every meat possible!  Let me tell you something, they are not shy in doing smoked BBQ right!  The meats pack a great flavorful punch bite after bite, all the meats are succulent and good to the last bit of it!The spareribs are meaty and juicy with just the right amount of seasoning.  A perfect selection for the meat lovers than enjoy chewing through meat.The babybacks, tender and fall off the bone meat coated with just enough sauce.  Smoked chicken, juicy, juicy, juicy.  Oh did I mention juicy?  The chicken cooked to perfection with tender and extremely moist breast meat coated lightly with BBQ sauce.Jerk Chicken was just the right amount of spice and it was also juicy.  The jerk seasoning has a slight sweetness to it and perfectly blended with the other items of jerk.Jerk pork was also good, but on the fattier side with fat tagged along the meat.  But hey!, fat adds flavor, doesn't it?!?!Brisket.  Probably one of the better ones that I've had anywhere!  The brisket had the nice smoke ring around it.  As I opened the foil to look at it, it looked tough and rough, but as I lay a piece of it across my tongue, it slapped my tongue and cheeks around with its moisture and taste that I wished I had more than what I ordered!  The brisket's thin layer of fat on top just added that extra flavor that enhanced the overall experience...this brisket has a whole lot of love and affection into the cooking of it!  It is quite amazing!The meats were so good that I thought the sides were just okay...nothing crazy or out of the ordinary, more just fillers.  Great place for a quick lunch stop and ordering cooked meats to-go.  I highly, highly recommend the smoked BBQ meats at this joint!
<review# 450,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2013,8/31/2013,48,93,2,15,4>Nicely setup local farmer's market in the neighborhood. A lot of the fruits and vegetables are grown by them locally and sold in the store. They also sell the produce to other business around. They probably have the cheapest prices on fruits and vegetables if not the cheapest in the area. I'm surprised how little the bill turns out to be in the end. They even put up prices in comparison to the prices at Publix as they are often asked about how cheap is it. LOL. Apart from the fruits, veggies, and dairy products they also sell fresh meat - a section they opened recently. The owner and the staff are very friendly and informative. They do sell lot of middle eastern items like sweet tamarind, dates, pitas and other items that have harder names to remember. Its been open for about a year or so and now have a food counter that serves awesome fresh Falafel Sandwich and they make the Pita bread in-house. They also serve the homemade Lamb Burger, Philly Cheese, and other sandwiches. I have tried the Falafel sandwich and it is delicious for just $4. They also have the Veggie Burger which will be interesting to try. They have good store timing too. They are open on all 7 days mostly till 9 pm which is commendable. Parking has never been an issue and their location is convenient too. I think its a brave effort and they should be encouraged to support growth of local stores. The prices are quite cheap and lot of it is grown locally.
<review# 451,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2012,8/30/2013,617,135,3,3,3>This review is for the golf course. Yesterday we started at the hitting range and then made our way through to The Champion course. I actually didn't play, was just there for moral support :p. But I like the hitting range for sure!! I'm still learning how to swing, but when I actually do hit the ball it's super fun.This course is home to the Honda Classic which takes place annually. All of the golf tycoons including Tiger Woods, Rory McIlroy, and Rickie Fowler all have played here.It's definitely NOT an easy course to play on..but for most avid golfers they all look forward to hole 16, 17, and 18. The Bear Trap! One of the toughest cluster of holes in the entire PGA tour. The 3 holes are surrounded by water and good luck getting ur ball across! I took a couple swings at The Bear Trap and was very unsuccessful. My other two friends playing actually got theirs across the lake/pond. In conclusion, I would definitely recommend to any golfer and non golfer. The ride is still fun :p. And the valet guys/cart guys are super friendly.
<review# 452,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2013,8/29/2013,215,252,6,9,6>My husband and I always have a great time at this alley. He was on his college bowling team so we know what good bowling alleys should require to be considered EXCELLENT.The guy at the Pro Shop is AMAZING. He was able to help fix the thumb hole of my ball that another pro shop had slightly messed up on. He was very accommodating and allowed me to test the ball a couple of times to ensure the adjustments made met my expectations.The alley is pretty clean compared to several other allies around  Palm Beach County. The employees are quick to attend the ball stuck in the gutter or the pin being stuck in the rack or simply that your ball isn't coming through the feed.Strikes isn't that expensive if you know when to go to save a couple of dollars and to know where to find the coupons. P.S. If you bowl more than 5 times a year, you may want to consider investing in getting your own ball and shoes for under $100. It saves me the trouble of looking for the perfect house ball among their many nicked balls and wearing disgusting bowler shoes that hundreds or even thousands of people have worn before you. ;-) My own shoes and ball also really guarantees me the 120+ average every time.
<review# 453,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2013,8/28/2013,365,367,5,8,6>Tucked in beside Canyon and Heart Rock Sushi in the Sunrise old Gateway strip mall off Federal lies Tipico Cafe.     This place can be easy to miss, but since I've been to Canyon and Heart Rock Sushi before, I noticed a Mexican sign on the building and had to try it.  Parking is easy, and the waiter or waitress is ready to serve you.They bring warm chips out and fresh bland salsa.. Add Hot Sauce.    Ordered the Chicken Quesadilla  and  Mexican beer.Very cheesy Quesadilla and the chicken is flavourful, the crunch in the grilled tortilla, now that's the best. Crunch-yumm.    The soft tacos are really good I've had the Chicken and Beef. The order comes with a a mound of rice , and a large order of Refried Beans topped with grated cheese, by the time it gets to the table the cheese melts- yummand the big piping hot Tacos , the huge soft warm tortilla wrapped all white meat marinated chicken,  yes I have leftovers here.I've had the salad, it's iceberg refreshing but not a salad.The service is great waters filled, check when the time's' right, just friendly.No waiting for tables here, the prices are right, the food is Tasty.I have frequented here a few times and loved it every time, what's not to love?Will be back again
<review# 454,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2013,8/27/2013,837,552,4,18,10>You want a "beach day" regardless of what time of the year it is.  You want to have drinks at the beach without being concerned if they're allowed, and you want food, without having to prepare it yourself...  Here's your place! Sandbar is just that, a bar / restaurant filled with sand, and some palm trees to make you feel like you're on vacation, at the beach, whenever you're there.  Located on A1A, literally just across the street from the beach.There's two Tiki bars and some games on the back.  Waitresses will serve you in bikini tops and short shorts, great music, drinks are strong and brought out quickly, plus they sell some of them in Pitchers to share (only if you want to).  They obviously have happy hour, and on Sundays the Pitchers are $18 which serve 3 - 4 glasses.  We ordered the Raspberry Mojito and it was delicious.  They also make the "Dark & Stormy" drink, which immediately makes me love the place a little more.Food was great too.  I had the Sliders, they come with cheese and bacon, and they had that perfect grill flavor, it also comes with fries.  I tried the "peel n eat shrimp" and was really good. This is a cool, laid back bar, only problem is parking... you rely on street or public garages, which are scarce during holidays and gorgeous blue sky days when everybody's at the beach.  Also, it gets crowded.  So, my suggestion is, go early, be patient, and enjoy your day in the sand.
<review# 455,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2013,8/26/2013,351,235,5,10,8>We were hungry and walking down Clematis looking for great place to eat, there are many places to choose from but we ended up inside Grease Burger for 2 reasons, the place was packed with good crowd of people but we were still able to walk in and get a table for two and the smell of amazing food was undeniable.  When you walk in the place is very open and inviting and sort of has that steak house feel but for burgers .  The bar is huge and stretches the length of the restaurant. The place gets a little loud and we had to sit kind of close to hear each other well but it was a Friday night.  Everyone was having fun and even though the place was packed full of people it never felt over crowded.  When we ordered I asked the waitress what she recommended.  She said the Pb Illustrated "a-list" Burger was the best but she said to swap the burger for a turkey burger and make it a blue plate which meant no bun and a side salad instead of fries.   OMG! best decision ever!  I cleaned the plate....literally there was nothing left I ate it all!  The Turkey burger wash huge and juicy not dry.  It is topped with fresh mozzarella, red & yellow tomatoes, radicchio, red onion, pesto, and a balsamic glaze.  My friend got the Ron Burgundy Burger it had amushroom burgundy reduction, local spring onions, Swiss and boursin cheese.  Also very delicious and huge she had to eat it with a  fork and knife!  The service for a busy Friday night was great, the waitress was super friendly and helpful making our first experience at Grease Burger Bar a memorable one.  I can't wait to go back and have that turkey burger again!!!
<review# 456,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2013,8/25/2013,306,475,1,6,2>I've been here twice now and have had two great meals. The waitresses are funny, friendly, and efficient (meaning she's busy so don't waste her time). On my second visit, my waitress said it best "Don't come to Tarks and think you're not going to have to wait" to an impatient customer. The crew behind the bar does their best and work fast, but they can't make miracles happen, nor will your food come faster if you try to pester them. Food is made to order, which means your meal will come out piping hot, but it also means you have to wait your turn in line. Don't worry, the wait is worth it. Seating is a bit limited. The main bar sits about 15-20 with about 10-15 more seats along the outer wall and a few outside tables. The atmosphere is really dive-y. Don't be surprised if your bar area is a little sticky or the paper towel roll has a little bit of grease from the previous diner. But if you're not at the bar you don't get the privilege of watching the staff shuck oysters, bread fish for frying, steam assortment of seafood in large boiling pots, etc. Just think of it as all part of the experience and go with it. The food! The menu offers a variety of seafood choices from fresh oysters to steamed crab legs to fish sandwiches and then chicken wings. The chicken wings seemed so out of place to me which is probably why I didn't order it on my first visit (what a rookie mistake, I have learned). My first time around I had the grouper sandwich and the bf had one of the seafood combos. Everything was fresh and so yummy. My second time I tried the chicken wings, medium, and I got 10 heavenly wings. Crispy on the outside covered with buffalo sauce that is a little too greasy for your grandmother with heart disease, but I wouldn't have them any other way. There's also a selection of beer on draft and a pretty good happy hour deal ($1.50 beers).Prices are very reasonable and makes you want to order everything on the menu (oh, if I could only eat so much). They have a small parking lot right out front as well and parking hasn't been an issue for me.
<review# 457,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2013,8/24/2013,299,320,1,8,4>As a girl I am always intimidated by car shops, I always feel that I will be taken as a fool because I am clueless when it comes to cars.  Well, the guys at EF are amazing! They did a great job on my car alignment and even with my ignorance they told me the extra stuff I did not need!  A few months later I needed new tires, they quoted me a great price and they even dropped me off at house since my new tires were going to take a while, they called me and offered to pick me up once my car was done (it was just a few hours).  2 weeks later I got a nail in one of my tires and they fixed it in less than an hour with no charge since they remembered I had just been there!  I am so impressed with this place that I suggested it to my sister today since she just got a nail in her tire, she took it in, $12 later and not too long of a wait, they even fixed some minor stuff on her car with out us asking them to! She is equally impressed.  Great guys, highly recommended.  And even if you have to wait, their waiting room is comfortable with TVs and magazines.
<review# 458,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2013,8/23/2013,253,122,6,10,9>I was looking for a sports bar to watch game 7 of Heat vs Pacers. After searching through Yelp, I decided on this place based on the fabulous reviews of their wings. Since then, I've been back several more times. It is really a great place to hang out.Its a small place compare to other better known sports bars. yelp.com/biz_photos/jts-… Its got 14 or so 42-46" TVs all around. The place is small enough so you'll have a clear picture from most of the seats. It does not really have a 'theme' besides some sportswear decorated on the walls, and gives out a bit of mom and pop kind of feel.Most of the nights they have $6 pitcher special. yelp.com/biz_photos/jts-… It's a short list of 4-5 beers, and Shock Top is on that top of my list! yelp.com/biz_photos/jts-… The light citrus beer goes great with everything!For the wings, they offer grilled or fried versions. You can order a large plate of plain wings and order different sauces for 50 cents each to try them out.  My favorite is the fried wings with Dano sauce yelp.com/biz_photos/jts-… Dano is a secret sauces not on the menu. It's basically Teriyaki sauce with a spicy kick to it. And it's simply awesome! The crispy, light wings with just the right amount of salty, sweet, and hot from Dano makes everything so mouth watering. It reminded me a lot of Korea Fried Chickens!The Tequila Lime Grilled Wings yelp.com/biz_photos/jts-… seems popular in the reviews. But the grilled wings themselves lacked something that the fried wings have. Not sure what it is, but it made me not want to order them ever again. I got the Steam clams when they were 35 cents each. yelp.com/biz_photos/jts-… Very fresh, juicy, buttery, and delicious.Buffalo Shrimp yelp.com/biz_photos/jts-… oh wow this is way better than I thought it would be, and certainly way better than any buffalo 'chicken' I've come across! I asked for extra extra hot, and it's burning alright, however it's a bit too salty. Ask for the sauces on the side. Black and tan Onion Rings yelp.com/biz_photos/jts-… My new favorite onion rings! The beer battered rings got a thick layer of beer infused crunchy crust on the outside, and sweet, soft, and juicy onions on the inside. My mouth just watered a little as I type this. Corn nuggets yelp.com/biz_photos/jts-… delicious sweet heaven on each bite! This goes great with beer or as a small desert. I wish they give out more.Calamari yelp.com/biz_photos/jts-… This is meh. I've had better calamari at many other chain places. and for $8.95 this is one of the more expensive appetizer on the menu. decent size portion however.Potato Skins yelp.com/biz_photos/jts-… You should skip this. It is not the worst potato skins I've had, but it's just not worth the room in your stomach for it. The service from the waitresses are very friendly. However it is a bit slow at times when they are very busy. Also due to limited seating, if you aren't there early during a big game, you would very likely have to wait more than a hour.I really liked this place. Going to keep coming back to try out new things
<review# 459,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2013,8/22/2013,193,173,3,7,3>Just happened to find this place on Yelp.  I drive up and down Lawrence Road all the time and never would have guessed that there's a Vietnamese restaurant inside of this place because it's an Indian grocery store!  Apparently this place is leasing space inside the store.  We had a late lunch.  Everything was fresh and delicious.  Service was great!  We started off with the summer rolls and got a combination of beef, pork and shrimp.  They were three large rice paper rolls stuffed with vermicelli noodles, bean sprouts, carrots, basil, mint and cilantro and they came with a delicious peanut sauce for dipping.  It was a large portion but the rolls themselves were very fresh and light.Next we had the com suon, a dish with grilled marinated pork chops, veggies and rice and the pho with round steak, flank, brisket and meatballs.  The pork chops were thin but very tender and expertly seasoned.  The fish sauce it came with was absolutely delicious and I poured it all over my rice and pork.  The vegetables on the side were very fresh.  The pho broth was very flavorful and was full of vermicelli noodles, meat and fresh veggies, plus the usual sides of bean sprouts, thai basil, lime and chillies.  The  meat was a bit on the fatty side, but that's our only complaint.  We ordered a regular and for 8.75 we got a bowl that was more than enough for two people, so we wound up taking half of it home.  To top it off we shared a Vietnamese coffee.  It was VERY strong and sweet.We got coupons for a free roll with our next entree and were delighted to find out they deliver.  Can't wait for my next meal here!
<review# 460,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2013,8/21/2013,930,225,10,38,28>It's always neat to see people raise their eyebrows and wiggle their ears. I wish I could do that however, first you need your eyebrows to be nicely shaped to do that sexy pose.I have tried a couple of different eyebrow treading salons in south Florida. Growing up in Virginia there were many options with fairly low prices.Living in FL, my eyebrows and I had a adjustment period where I wanted to try different places but didn't want to look like a monkey after wiggling my ears and have no eyebrows. I did have a few issues at other salons where they made my eyebrows to thin and it took forever to get the shape back. I think I have finally found a reliable salon to get my eyebrows threaded. Threading is a technique used to eliminate excess hair and the only thing the beautician uses is thread and their hands moving in a scissor like motion to quickly get rid of hair. (If you have never heard of threading You Tube it) I prefer getting threaded for eyebrows rather than waxing because the outcome is much more shapely and defined. For men who have a uni brow or too much unwanted eyebrow hair try getting it threaded and don't think it's a girly thing because its a common thing for men to get their eyebrows threaded. I don't feel bad that I can't raise my eyebrows and wiggle my ears because a study analyzed only 20 % of the population can do that. And in conclusion, at least my eyebrows have gotten their sexy arch with Preeti's salon. Check out their website; they provide other services as well however I have only gotten threading services done so far!
<review# 461,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2013,8/20/2013,240,184,4,10,8>The Funky Buddha Brewery has officially opened their doors and we couldn't be happier.  For the last six or so years we have been visiting Funky in Boca watching it develop from its first tiny location at the south side of a shopping plaza to a larger space on the northside.  From open mic nights and bottles of other breweries fine brews to comedy shows and draft beers of their very own selections, the Funky has become a home away from home for all of us beer geeks in South Florida.   And now like loving and proud parents we have watched our little hookah bar grow into a full production brewery...  The Buddha is located partially in a warehouse (as pretty much all production breweries are) in the heart of Fort Lauderdale and has outside seating, a tap room with TVs  (something most breweries don't have...)  and plenty of activities that could keep kids busy...  if you're like us and bring your kids to breweries.  Ryan and the whole Funky team did a fantastic job with the brewery...  And their opening caused so much buzz they brought in thousands of unfamiliar faces to all of us that have been following the Buddha since day one.  Many congratulations to the Funky Buddha... South Florida is happy to have another great brewery.
<review# 462,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2013,8/19/2013,399,476,6,11,5>Looking for a pre-concert bite to eat that wouldn't break the bank, Sonya L. and I decided to give this place a try. It was an absolutely gorgeous day, so we were happy to get a seat at one of the outside booths. We weren't exactly starving, so we decided to split some mezzes (appetizers).Our waitress was kind enough to let us sample the tabouli before we committed to ordering it, since I'm very particular about tabouli. Luckily theirs is delicious, so we ordered it along with falafel and beef kibbeh. I was trying to decide between the kibbeh and the arayes kafta, and when I asked our waitress for her opinion, she informed me that the kafta was beef and lamb mixed together, which I did not know and the menu did not state. That made my choice much easier, since I'm not a big fan of lamb.We loved every bite of our food. The kibbeh was cooked perfectly, and the falafel was very tasty. The only slight let-down was the tahini sauce, which was thin and rather bland. Thankfully, the kibbeh is served with yogurt, but it's flavorful enough that it doesn't need it. So, we decided to use the yogurt to make mini falafel sandwiches from the pita that had been brought to the table. We dipped the falafel in the tahini, then put it in a piece of pita and topped it with a dollop of yogurt. SO yummy.I have never been a huge fan of the restaurants at the Hard Rock, so this place was quite a pleasant surprise for me. We left here with full, happy bellies, and we still had concert merch money to burn. I will say their entree prices are rather pricey, but we were perfectly full with our mezze orders, which are reasonably priced. I will certainly be back for another meal here - they've already become my top Hard Rock choice after just one visit.
<review# 463,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2013,8/18/2013,262,243,4,7,3>This restaurant is a class act. Please be sure to dress well if you go here.I went about 6ish on a Friday night, and was there during their 4-8 happy hour.  They have fried baby lobster tail on the happy hour menu that was delicious! It came with butter, lemon, and some type of cream sauce that was really tasty!  A must try!  The bar was pretty full with people in ages of 30-40ish on average dressed well.In addition, I had a Cesar salad which they put the anchovies on top for you, but I told them they could hold them back. The salad was okay to me.The lobster bisque soup was interesting as you can order it with or without lobster.  Who wants it without? So I ordered it with and they come and put the lobster in the bowl right in front of you and then pour the bisque on top.  It was verrrry good but I like my soup hot and it was not, it was warm. It was nice and thick though!Around 7 a band came on with a trombone player and singer.  They were PHENOMENAL.  They also don't stand in one place as they move around the room. Not too loud, not too soft, good quality sound.  Songs varied but definitely old schhol They have a band Wed through Sunday apparently but I am not sure if it is always the same band.  Service was on point.  Refills were on the table before empty and oh, they give you all types of  hot bread including raisin! When I asked where was the restroom, I was walked to it.I must say this is a definite must go back to.  My only recommendations are soup should be hotter and beef up the ceasar salad a bit.  Not enough to take a star off though- yet.  If it happens again, then I will.Parking is a bear, by the way. If you choose to valet the restaurant will validate at the table for you so you don't have to pay to park.I can not speak to the cost as I was fortunate to not have to pick up the check, but I will say guys--you need to be taking your quality dates here for sure!!!  It was excellent, excellent, excellent!!!
<review# 464,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2013,8/17/2013,127,159,2,4,5>ermahgerd. that is all that really needs to be said about Riverside Market.  This place is truly one of a kind. Hidden back in a residential neighborhood, you are only going to find RM if you are looking for it - and I think that is one of the best things about it because the people want to be there and appreciate all it has to offer rather than full of tourists and randoms.  The second I walked in my first time a smile came to my face. Coolers and coolers of self serve craft beer line the walls while tables and couches fill the space.  It's just the perfect atmosphere.I didn't think it would be possible to top the incredible selection of beer, but they do with their food.  Everything I have had so far has been wonderful, and the things I haven't had I will need to try because I salivate as I look at others with themBBQ Chicken Pizza - this is unreal.  I don't usually eat pizza but i made an exception because I had heard good things.  And I am so glad I did.  I would highly recommend this.Hummus Plate - RM makes their own hummus, and they serve it with a healthy portion of warm pita bread. So goodBreakfast Omelette - I ordered the 305 omelette which was great.  Its prepared like a quiche which was surprising but extremely tasty. I will definitely be back for it.  The only disappointment was the breakfast potatos. Not much flavor but with everything else this place has to offer I can easily let it slide.I love this place and hope it sticks around for quite some time.
<review# 465,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2013,8/16/2013,563,515,8,10,8>I knew it was time to try Charm City when I heard constant hype about Charm City from my fellow yelpers from.......Miami. I was in awe they made the drive all the way up to North Broward for some burger joint. I had to see for myself if it could live up to its hype machine.Driving the short fifteen minute drive here, I noticed that Publix's parking lot doubles as Charm City's parking lot. Let us just keep this secret from Publix. As Glenn G mentioned, the back door entrance looks a little shady and dirty as are most back doors in comparison to those inviting, welcoming front doors. Now, my mind is in the gutter thinking about other things. I digress from Charm City with this back door talk. Focus. Focus. I am back.The place is small, quaint and has a charming ability about it that is unexplainable. The menu is filled with delightful options for carnivores, poultrytarians, pescatarians, and vegetarians. I, myself, am from the highest order of the food chain, carnivores. Naturally, I gravitated to making 'The Cheffy' into a burger. It contained bleu cheese, candied bacon, sweet chili sauce, and grilled onions. I top off the order by getting sweet potato fries and a golden monkey beer among their solid beer selection.My burger arrived and immediately I realized I should have brought my bib. The burger was ginormous and filled with goodness. One bite of my burger and fries and I knew it was not the hype, but Charm City's charming factor and quality of food winning me over. After devouring my burger and fries, I looked exactly like every baby picture of me while eating food. It was messy, but incredibly tasty and worth my time cleaning myself off.It is safe to say I have been charmed by Charm City Burger. Fact, anything with CCB as initials is awesome (other place Cigar City Brewery).
<review# 466,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2013,8/15/2013,412,333,7,14,12>I loved seeing the "Yelp" sticker in the window .. .along with the numerous plaques for the recognition Thai Spice has received over the years for its amazing food, intimate and chic ambiance, and excellent service.  The fish tanks are glorious ... step inside and you see the bar and Bamboo Lounge. Happy Boasts 1/2 price beer/wine/cocktails and 1/2 price appetizers with plenty to choose from.  I'll be back to try it out for sure, as my server said Thursday and Friday are their busiest Happy Hours of the week.  The dining areas continue, with high tops, booths, and table seatings in a warm and dimly lit setting ... an absolutely sexy ambiance that transports you to an exotic, tropical, faraway land.  The lunch menu is awesome and starts at just $8.50 for an extensive list of Thai specialties.  I have been wanting to revisit TS for lunch, and today was the day.  I had the Thai Beef Salad (from the salads section of the menu/third time ordering this) and the Red Curry with scallops and fried rice.  Delicious.  Tons of bamboo shoots, red and green peppers, green beans, and an amazing, creamy coconut curry sauce.  I have plenty left over for dinner later or lunch tomorrow.   There's outdoor seating and an outdoor booth. Yelpers: Thai Spice is so good!  You MUST try this Thai.
<review# 467,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2013,8/14/2013,217,135,,5,2>Only open about a month, I was eager to check the cafe out. I remembered the original pier restaurant that had not changed a bit for the 30+ years it had been there. This is a welcome addition for locals like myself , as well as tourists in the area. First, it's a brand new building with impressive views of the ocean, part of the total rebuilding of the fishing pier and the walking/sitting area near it, financed by the City of Deerfield Beach. Kudos to the City. The offerings are diner style, large portions, take out available. Outdoor seating, but not protected from sun or rain :( It is clear, very well staffed with eager servers who are pleasant and fast. I've had breakfasts, a huge salad, coffee so far, and everything was quite good. Only downside: challenging parking. Oh, it is open 24/7, which is great. I plan to get there one dat to watch the sunrise :)
<review# 468,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2013,8/13/2013,163,126,3,9,3>Tonight's meal was truly an adventure in food and beverage.  We were celebrating my buddy's birthday with a belated b-day dinner.  Having heard about Casa Frida in the Broward New Times writeup recently, we made it a point to try this place.  We weren't sure what to expect on a Friday night, but were happy to see the place packed when we got there.  We were lucky enough to grab the last open table, which happened to be  right next to the open kitchen.  Our server, Josh, promptly took our drink order and made sure we were fully stocked with chips, an amazingly delicious and spicy tomatillo salsa, and some smooth, creamy and extra tasty guacamole.  It took us about 20 minutes to decide on what to order for dinner.  This wasn't because of the overwhelming size of the menu, but rather because of the amazing options both on the menu and in the specials.  Let me say up front, I don't remember the names of all the dishes, but I'll do my best to describe them.  Casa Frida's menu is a real selection of authentic...and I don't use that word lightly...traditional and ancient Mexican food.  My buddy and I decided to go for it and order our own feast.  We went with four separate entrees that we shared. The first was off the special menu.  I am sad to admit that I don't remember what the dish was called, but it is an ancient Aztec dish of slow braised meats with potatos, carrots, traditional mexican spices served in a Banana leaf.  Tonight there was lamb, pork, and beef.  I don't know what words to use to describe just how amazingly good this dish was.  The meat was falling apart and the flavors were in perfect harmony.  The next dish was Los Sopesitos. Three flour tortialla boats filled with meaty goodness.  One with chorizo that was sweet, smokey and delicious; one with chi cken mole (I'll get to that later); and the last with the best Mayan roast pork topped with pickled onions that I've ever tasted.  The ballet of flavors were dancing throughout my mouth and I couldn't help but smile as I chewed each bite.Third up was the "Diego" sampler.  Containing a Chile Relleno, a chicken mole enchilada (again, I'll get to that later), and a taco with that decedent Mayan roast pork.  A perfect sampler that was well balanced and not overly rich.  The flavors contained on this plate could make up an entire review on its own. Last, but certainly not least, was the Chicken Mole.  Not out of jar.  Not fast food. This was mole that was made right, made with love, and made today.  With incredible balance and stunningly delcious layers of flavor, this was by FAR the best mole I have ever had.  Dark, chocolately, smokey, perfect.The staff at Casa Frida was great.  Not too attentive, not overbearing, but always making sure you were well taken care of.  The owner, Victor, came over and was so pleasant and happy to share the history of the food, and his love of his culture. He also was awesome and gave us samples of the mole verde and another spicy and delicious salsa that was not on the menu (sorry, don't remember the name, but it means "cold wet nose").  Victor was also kind enough to school us on proper eating techniques with tortillas beyond the traditional taco style.  We finished off the meal with some great Mexican coffee that hit the spot and brought us back to earth for the drive home. We all know how much the staff in a place can make or break a meal, and at Casa Frida, these folks know how to make for one hell of an experience.  I can't wait to go back, stuff my face all over again, and maybe even bring along some friends or clients.  This is a don't miss meal!
<review# 469,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2013,8/12/2013,236,186,5,13,10>Ever since I moved here from São Paulo I've looked for places that have traditional, Arabic-Brazilian sfihas. We've even tried making them at home many, many times. Sfihas are not necessarily difficult to make but they're certainly time-consuming and, honestly, we were never able to make them exactly the way we are used to eating in Brazil. (None of the surrounding Brazilian establishments are able to make them the traditional way, either.) So, naturally, I was ecstatic when I found out that House of Sfiha opened 10 minutes away from my house.Now, it wouldn't be fair for me to say that these are exactly like and just as good as the ones from our favorite places in Brazil, but they're definitely good enough to hold us over whenever the craving hits. Actually, considering they're the only place in all of South Florida that makes them the traditional way, they're pretty damn good!They are all made to order so it doesn't get any fresher than this. The owner is a cool guy and he told me this is the third store, the first two located in Brazil. The employee who took my order, although a little lost, was very nice, too. They have a couple of different toppings including beef, cheese, marguerita, and smoked sausage. My favorite is the traditional beef but the cheese one was pretty interesting, too. They aren't officially open so their hours are a still weird (6pm-10pm) and the place is still under construction. I recommend getting it to go for now-- they give it to you in a box so it'll stay warm and with a couple of lime wedges, which is traditionally squeezed on top of the beef sfihas. Anyone interested in Brazilian, Arabic, or ethnic foods in general should check this place out!
<review# 470,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2013,8/11/2013,129,522,3,5,4>Wow. Blown away. Three words: Stuffed French Toast. What can I say that hasn't been said here about the delicious French toast and wonderful restaurant? This cute little restaurant is a charm. I am so glad I came across it on Yelp while looking for a brunch spot. What a gem! The staff was very kind and helpful, while the food was SO worth the drive from Pines. Can't wait to go back for that Kroissant sandwich! If you like French toast... HAVE it. If you don't like French toast.... HAVE it too! I usually go for eggs but the FT was off the hook! If you're debating eating here, stop thinking and just go! You will love this charming restaurant!
<review# 471,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2013,8/10/2013,147,732,2,7,2>The best and most inventive breakfast/lunchery in Southeast Florida.  Every item is prepared with artistry and craftsmanship that, were it not food, would be worthy of putting on display in a museum. The cocktails, the combinations of food that excite the palate and make you want to leave your home in search of people who can cook like Cirque du Soleil elevates the high-wire arts, you just don't find places like this in the world too often, and sadly, they often burn out because they become victims of their own success.   The Foxy Brown is small, though, which may be its saving grace in the burn-out department.   That does make it certifiably packed on a Saturday or Sunday, though, and on holidays, like Mother's day, call and see what you're up against.That being said, when you actually sit down, you will have one of the rare culinary experiences of a lifetime for breakfast, not a meal often cherished by the great chefs of the world. The service is top notch.  I would recommend something but EVERYTHING is the only word that comes to mind.
<review# 472,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2013,8/9/2013,491,388,6,11,6>Cheap drinks - I got a SKYY vodka tonic here for less than $4. Great atmosphere, very laid back. We came with a large group on a Wednesday night and the place was packed, which is always a good sign. They had a drag show with a trivia contest going on, it was funny. My friend Cherine brought me here to try the burger, which has been rated one of the best in South Florida. We split it, since she pre-warned me that it was huge. That was a good idea, as I had trouble finishing even half the burger and fries. We had ordered the homemade potato chips, but the waiter brought out a sample of their regular and sweet potato fries, as he said the homemade chips were not good quality today. He was right, the chips were soggy. But since he was so attentive to bring out the other fries, we were saved. I would try the chips again after asking the waiter if they are good that day. The fries were amazing, both the regular and the sweet potato. Good food, cheap drinks and a good atmosphere. I can't ask for much more of a bar.
<review# 473,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2013,8/8/2013,158,135,7,7,6>What a great place....  everything you can need in such a tiny place.  And everything is so fresh too.  Their deli has a great selection of stuff and not just sliced meats.  They have a huge case full of all sorts of salads and yummy stuff.  I love the chicken salad, any of the pasta salads, potato salad and the list goes on and on.  Plus they have items in the case that are prepared and all you do is heat them up like teriyaki salmon, stuffed chicken and quesadillas.Their seafood section also has a great selection. Fresh clams and lobster and all the fish you can think of.  Other sections they have area a flower area which always look colorful and fresh.  There is all the typical grocery isles and cold refrigerator area.  They have a hot case which is so convenient for those days you don't want to cook but want a fresh hot meal and if you come after a certain time they discount the leftover food.   But my favorite area is the dessert area.  Everything looks so good and its all made fresh.  Its right by the coffee counter so its really easy in the morning to grab a muffin in the dessert case and grab a cup of coffee and off to work, so easy and so yummy.
<review# 474,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2013,8/7/2013,189,123,1,11,2>This restaurant existed under a different name, hence all the terrible reviews, and is now under new management.  Jimmy Riffle from Gator Boys is now part owner... and we went there for the grand opening celebration yesterday and was pleasantly surprised.. The Native Village came out and brought their snakes and alligators with them, and Gator Boys merchandise was in abundance.. The kids enjoyed holding all the different things, and I was happy to get them ANOTHER Gator Boys necklace...because really... how many necklaces can you have?!  When you take a "slower volume" restaurant and blow up a grand opening, it can be a bad thing...but they pulled it off. There were people EVERYWHERE inside and out...and they were able to turn and burn the tables and all of the staff were pleasant and full of energy and smiles.  The food and drinks came out within reasonable time, and was fresh.  I only have two complaints..the corn was like that garbage frozen corn on the cob which has that funny taste despite what you season it with...and the plates.. the plates were WAY too small..and the cups were way too big...32 ounce plastic cups... I get it, you want to deliver a full plate, but it was awkwardly small. Things were layered..and I definitely can not eat a full rack of ribs, corn on the cob, a loaded sweet potato and two pieces of garlic Texas toast on a plate that is not even big enough for the rack of ribs!  It's messy and not appetizing.. I want a plate big enough for everything, and *maybe* one separate plate with the corn on the side...so if they got new plates, or reconfigured how to serve their meals... it would work, but we were five adults at one table, with five 32 ounce cups sweating all over the place, five or six different types of sauces floating around, and a lot of food.  So go and buy some new plates and you've got a nice little BBQ spot appropriately placed in Davie, FL!
<review# 475,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2013,8/6/2013,99,169,2,10,4>This is my friend's absolute favorite lunch spot so when I needed a central place to meet my Weston friend (I am driving from Ft Lauderdale) this seemed like a no brainer. We loved everything we had. We ended up sharing like a family style meal since it was just us girls. We started with the bacon wrapped dates because I simply love these. They did not disappoint. We also had the grilled veggie platter. I want to go back and try the lamb chops and the brussel sprouts. We also shared the balsamic rigatoni. It was quite good. Anything with balsamic, pasta and goat cheese is a homerun in my book. There was not a speck of it left at the end of our meal. Of COURSE we had to save room for a cupcake. We had a hummingbird. Divine carrot cake and cream cheese icing. Lovely.Will be back!
<review# 476,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2013,8/5/2013,251,395,5,9,6>Came here after a coworker (and fellow yelper) noticed the superb reviews and how close it is to our job.5 of us got water, and one tried the strawberry lemonade with basil.  He isn't one to share so I didn't get a sip, but it looked good.  He wasn't the biggest fan, but he's also extremely picky and prefers plain food lol.I was having a hard time decided between the lamb burger and the smuggler, but the waitress suggested the lamb burger as it is their number one seller right now, and told me the smuggler burger is best followed by a nap.  My job is yet to get on the after lunch nap train, so I stuck with the lamb burger.    It comes with goat cheese (mmmm goat cheese) and tzatziki sauce.  I personally don't think I could taste much tzatziki, the goat cheese overpowered it, but I LOVE goat cheese so I'm fine with that.    Everyone else got different burgers and they all looked good, but I didn't try any....The burgers come with - fries (with special seasoning that was delicious), sweet potato fries (with maple syrup), onion rings or black beans and rice.  I tried the onion rings which were not my fav, but I know I'm rather picky about onion rings.  Going back I would get the fries!The service is a bit slow, and the lunch was a bit longer than we usually take, but hey it's a Friday and we worked hard this week.  I don't think they were doing a bad job, just maybe slightly overwhelmed with the full outside patio they had when we were there.
<review# 477,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2013,8/4/2013,78,91,4,5,3>So after being recommended to go to Rebel House by way more than one person, a friend and I finally made it to the restuarant.  MAKE RESERVATIONS!!!!  Yes, you can make a reservation at 8pm and yes, you will only sit at around 8:30pm.  BUT, this gives you time to hit up the bar.  The restaurant itself is very small, but thats the whole point of it.  It makes it intimate and fun!!  At the bar, my friend and I ordered the Sweet Revenge.  You can't go wrong with this drink.  A mix of vodka, watermelon juice, simple syrup and JALAPENO!!  A-ma-zing!!  (when reading please make emphasis on the stops on the term a-ma-zing)  Its sweet, a hint of spicyness and all around delicious and refreshing.  Although not put on our drinks, I saw this watermelon being cut up and used as garnish on the drinks.  Rumor has it, that that watermelon is infused with vodka and used for garnish!!  Ummmm.... where was my garnish?!?!  (1/4 of a star taken away for that).  So we finally sit (yes, half an hour after our reservation).  The waiter was running around helping several tables.... tables full of people laughing, having a great time.  This gave us time to look over the menu and make our decision.  To my great surprise, the waiter brought over popcorn to our table as the table bread!!  Ummmm.... YES!!!!  It was like truffled popcorn with garlic powder, and dried herbs and lemon.  Each bite was a new surprise and we cleared that bucket FAST!  By that time my sweet sweet sweet revenge was done.  So I opted to try another drink.  ANger Managment!  Think margarita with everything fresh and then they put siracha in it.  You heard me... SIRACHA!!  Best freakin drink I have ever had!!  I read reveiws from people who said it was not good.  Ummmm.... craziness.  Seriously... you like spice in your life, go for it!!  On to food choices.... to start we split the Sweet Potato Skins that are stuffed with duck and there is a homemade bbq sauce on it.  To me it was good.  Not great.  Something was lacking.  The bbq sauce was really good though.  Perfect balance of sweet and tang.  The duck also was tasty.  I don't ordinarliy order duck, but this was good.  But, like I said... something was missing and I can't seem to put my finger on it.  For our entrees I ordered the shrimp and grits and my friend ordered the raviloi. THe shrimp and grits is no longer on the normal menu, as it has flown into the brunch menu.  Needless to say... pretty tasty.  A tad bit overkill on the green onions, but other then that, the grits were smooth and the shrimp were seasoned very well.  My friend enjoyed her ravioli very much.... clearing her plate. Did we save room for dessert?  At first no.... we were stuffed.  Then I saw the orange creamsicle frozen souflee.  People have reviewed this dessert and said it was gross, nasty... even the waiter said it wasn't for everyone.  But when you offer me something that has pop rocks and pistacios.... sign me up.  It's like a burst of sunshine!!  You have the smoothness of the souffle, the crunch from the poprocks and pistacios, and the tartness of the orange sauce.  It is delcious.  If you are adventerous as I am.... go for IT!!!!!!!  Would I recommend this place to my friends?  Absolutely!!  Would I go again?  Reservations already made for friday!!!!
<review# 478,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2013,8/3/2013,342,260,1,5,3>The cupboards were bare, but Mother Hubbard was getting hungry.  We decided that we needed an adventure so went exploring Yelp's list of cheap dinners.  We found this Vietnamese restaurant on the list and decided to give it a try.It's a cute little place, located in a small strip shopping area.  When we walked in, there were only 3 Americans in the place, the rest were Asian.  We always consider that to be a good sign when looking for Asian cuisine.  As soon as we were seated, the waitress popped up with menus and a basket of some very interesting rice crackers.  I couldn't tell you the exact flavor, but they were very good.  They had a hint of soy and maybe sort of a shrimp overtone.We checked out the menu and everything sounded interesting.  Seeing our confusion, a very nice gentleman, who appeared to be the owner, came over and chatted with us.  Not just about the menu, but just a nice little chat.  We asked him for recommendations and he made them.  I had one of the pho dishes - a savory noodle soup with meat and veggies.  He told me the first one was the most popular because it had several different meats in it.Here is where it gets fuzzy.  I recognized the beef and pork.  They were not as lean as I prefer, but I generally shave every molecule of fat off my meats.  There were some other meats in there and I have absolutely no concept of what they were.  Generally, I draw the line at unknown things in my soup, but this was an adventure and one mustn't wimp out when adventuring.  Whatever they were, they were all good.  I seasoned the broth with some chili oil to add a bit of heat, then added some of the mint, bean sprouts, etc., that came on the side.  The broth was very flavorful and satisfying.  Under the meats was a layer of rice noodles.  The serving size was huge and I couldn't finish it.I also tried my daughter's vermicelli dish with grilled steak and shrimp.  It was absolutely yummy and I'll probably have it the next time we go.  She was also ecstatic to find boba smoothies so close to home and ordered a cup of the mango to go.  It was one of the best bobas I've had.  All in all, we'll be looking forward to going back to this warm place full of friendly, efficient people.
<review# 479,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2013,8/1/2013,73,124,,8,1>I went here today with a friend, it's located in the Sawgrass Mills Mall if you're coming from the Target entrance, going past the section with Ben Sherman, Levis, Express (the top stores I go to lol) and what is this sitting almost in the middle of where the Dippin Dots used to be?SUSHIGAMI!For those unfamiliar with the kaiten (conveyer belt) sushi concept, sushi is placed on different colored plates (which represent varying prices) which by way of conveyer belt (duh) move throughout the dining area. You're given a menu and on it is a legend which indicates whether something is spicy, cooked, vegetarian, must be ordered via your waiter/waitress, and what color represents what price...ranging from $3.00-$7.00The nigiri (sushi) I believe are all two pieces each. I had the squid, yellowtail, and for sashimi I had four pieces of albacore in ponzu sauce. Each had some garnishes like jalapeno, yuzu pickle relish, etc. My friend had a roll 4 pcs, (I forget which), edamame, yellowtail nigiri, inari (fried tofu with what looked like spicy guacamole) nigiri.As for the quality...I think you pay more for the concept and convenience. Not gonna lie, I'm biased because I get free sushi elsewhere and I've had melt in your mouth sushi in NYC. As for a quantity/quality/price evaluation, that's up to you to decide against what other sushi place you normally frequent. Personally, if I had my regular places for sushi, I'd go elsewhere. If I'm in the mall though, I'd go for a quick bite.That said, I like the different garnishes and variations on the sushi/sashimi. The service is quite helpful too.
<review# 480,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2013,7/31/2013,100,101,1,4,3>Great dinner,great dessert and perfect location for a relaxing Sunday evening. I had been looking for a casual location on the water and I'm so glad we found Deck 84.Got there around 7 on a Sunday night and although it was busy we got a table right away.Service was very slow and we had a really had time finding our server throughout  our meal but she was very friendly so I'll cut them some slack.We had the Mediterranean Platter and Calamari to start. Both were good but the platter is a must order. The tomato cucumber salad it comes with was worth it alone.  Dinner was Skirt steak special, Cobb salad and Deck burger. Everyone loved their main dish and the deck burger and salad were HUGE. The burger must have been at least  8 inches tall. Dessert was amazing as well. The carrot cake can feed at least 4 people if not more and the warm peach cobbler with vanilla ice cream.... DELISHI will definitely be back to try the make your own Bloody Mary Bar on Sunday afternoon.
<review# 481,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2013,7/30/2013,430,328,7,14,10>I love Europe, did I mention I love Europe, I sure did. I don't just love Europe for its delicate slim attractive women with alluring foreign accents, but I also love Europe for its heavenly pastries.Danish Pastry Co. my friends is the real deal, a piece of Scandinavian heaven right here in South Florida! All of the pastries are imported from Denmark and their coffee is imported from Italy.All of the pastries and the pastry dough are made in Denmark and are then shipped frozen to the US location.PASTRIES ORDERED- Danish Rum Swirl $2.50 bit.ly/136U367- Danish Cinnamon Swirl $2.50 bit.ly/ZujhY2- Maple Pecan Piat $2.50 bit.ly/ZujoCF- Danish Cloud $2.50 bit.ly/ZujqdKAll of the pastries were light and savory sweet.The Danish Cloud was airy and buttery. The Maple Pecan was moist and flavorful. The Cinnamon Swirl had a light spiced aroma and rich taste. The Danish Rum swirl was special, the rum flavored icing was a perfect compliment to the flaky pastry. I love anything flavored with rum, the Rum Swirl reminded me of my beloved rum flavored pastries of Jamaica.These pastries would go perfect with coffee, wine or anything that is relaxing, platonic or sensual. I can tell by the taste and digestion that  these pastries are made with real natural ingredients and not artificial imitations and flavorings.HOURS :  Monday-Saturday 7:00 AM - 6:00 PM, Sunday 10:00 AM - 6:00 PM.NOTES- store design is based on original store in Copenhagen. bit.ly/Zulhzg- there is indoor counter seating and outdoor table seating. bit.ly/Zuld2J- the workers have a euro kind of flair about them in professional demeanor.TIPS- you can order for delivery on their website.- menu has specialties, healthy choice, coffee/tea's hot & iced and fresh squeezed orange juice. bit.ly/ZulsKY bit.ly/ZulsKY bit.ly/ZulsKY
<review# 482,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2013,7/29/2013,524,775,8,12,8>We'll start this one out with: I am not a veggie, nor will I ever be one, but I have friends that have decided that Raw, Paleo, and veggie diets are for them. So, I finally agreed to go with my friend and have a 'healthy lunch' veggie style. FMLI got a cucumber coldpressed natural juice drink b/c that is so "in" right now and let her order for us.  We shared the Avocado Toast that everyone raves about and the Buffalo Tempeh (OK I didn't even know WTF this was I was eating- I had to ask The Google) which came with a little mixed green salad. I was shocked to see that they also served Beer & Wine.  The toast was good, BUT there's not a lot of it. I mean it's smaller than normal sized pieces of bread and there was like 5-7 cubes of avocado on each. IF I had ordered this for my main meal I would've left hungry.  My Grandmother would've turned up her nose to this and called it "rabbit food" not people food. Anyhow, it was good but to be honest I liked the Tempeh better. It had a lot of flavor and 'more bang for your buck'. Bill was just shy of $30 for the both of us. They have a nice outside seating area, the indoor decor is rustic modern w/ alot of white (very SouthBeach), and they have a large juice bar for your veggie lifestyle pleasure.  I'm not running back, but it was good especially if you eat like this :)
<review# 483,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2013,7/28/2013,80,146,6,9,3>Another case of strip mall prejudice on my part! Howie's just doesn't look that great from the outside.  In my defense, it happens to be in the same strip mall as a restaurant I got food poisoning from (I'm looking at you, Pollo Tipico!).  Anyway, Howie's has turned out to be a pretty good place to grab some lunch. The inside has a friendly, clean look and all of the ingredients seemed very fresh.  Before I get into the food I have to make a disclosure: I did not eat a hot dog.  I'm living mostly vegetarian these days so I stuck with veggie options. My co-workers said they really enjoyed their hot dogs though .  I ended up having a salad with a side of tater tots and cheese. YUMMO! The Chinese salad was made with surprisingly fresh ingredients  and was prepared right in front of me.  They even sliced the water chestnuts right then and there.  I was genuinely impressed by the quality especially for a hot dog place.  The cheesy tots were delicious (but how could they not be?). This is a solid hotdog, hamburger (and salad!) joint.  Good for lunches if you're in the area and probably a good spot for families with kids based on the quality of the ingredients and the nature of the menu items.  Come hungry though, the portions are huge!
<review# 484,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2013,7/27/2013,38,81,3,7,4>I'm so glad I found this place.  Amazing vegan fare and they are not outrageously prized like most vegan spots!I had the Vegan Scramble, it wasn't exactly a traditional scramble, but it was delicious and cooked to perfection.  The scramble is mushed chick peas surrounded with veggies and potato.  I ordered mine sans broccoli and they were out of carrots so I got the red pepper instead..and had it with cheese, it was delectable.Francesca who was working that day was very sweet and helpful.  She cooked the meal herself and also brewed a fantastic cafe au lait.The cafe is small, with a few tables outside and counter sitting inside.  It is nestled inside a yoga studio and shop, it's been raining all day so I sat inside.  I'll definitely be going back!
<review# 485,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2013,7/26/2013,566,440,10,8,9>Holy delectable diet killer Batman! Mojo donuts is the stuff fat kid dreams are made of! We find excuses to come to this part of town just so we can sit down and go to town on some of these delicious donuts! First things first, when eating at Mojo, don't neglect the glazed! This classic donut is magical! Soft, chewy, sweet, mmmmm.... oh, er, sorry, you still there? I was day dreaming about a glazed donut from Mojo just now. They rotate some crazy flavors like guava and cheese or creme brulee, stuff I've only seen done to cupcakes are now being done to donuts and Mojo is doing them right. LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this place!
<review# 486,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2013,7/25/2013,943,262,9,9,10>I ventured out to find this place after I heard they have licorice from Italy.  It was easy getting there and knew it was worth the trip as soon as I stepped inside.  Finding some of the candy was like running into old friends, especially the mint juleps, squirrels and chuckles.  The selection of black licorice fascinated me. I couldn't walk away for almost five minutes! They were out of the Golia that I was looking for but they suggested Italian licorice chips which were just as good.  I love the black shoestring licorice from Germany.  I also savored the strawberry licorice roll.  I found anise candy and ginger mints too.  I plan to visit again soon for some hard to find items they will be getting back in  and to further my education in candy. You will be amazed as they have something for everyone and good prices too!
<review# 487,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2013,7/24/2013,7,72,,10,2>I had dinner with a friend here on Thursday night(which is also Ladies night!).  My friend is always raving about how great the place is so I was excited to give it a try.  This is a happening place!  It's a small dimly lit place, and has a great atmosphere.  It can get a bit loud on ladies night, as it was packed, but not so loud that you can't have a conversation.  So here's the deal on ladies night.  You get 3 free HUGE glasses of wine with your meal.  Awesome!  The service was excellent.  The owner is very hands on, and even came to our table a couple times to make sure everything was ok.  He actually saw that I had a good amount of salad left on my plate at one point and came to make sure something wasn't wrong with it(I was stuffed!  It's a very good amount of food a large piece of tilapia on top of a generous salad). It didn't go to waste though. my husband was more than happy to eat it for lunch the next day.  I thought it was nice that he really cares about his customers.  Most restaurants today really lack employees, and owners that genuinely care about their customers.The food was really delicious.  We shared an appetizer of Cauliflower with a spicy garlic type sauce that was just phenomenal. I ordered the Tilapia salad, and it was incredible.  It was cooked perfectly, and had this glaze on it that was just amazing.  The salad was also very tasty.  My friend had a veggie hummus plate with little fried falafel balls, and some cracker type things(sorry can't remember what they were called)So, I have never liked hummus, and I LOVED IT here.  The falafel balls were delicious(they actually reminded me of hush puppies), and the hummus tasted amazing as well :)For dessert we ordered a nutella crepe with a scoop of vanilla ice cream and it was amazing.This place is far from my home(I live in Davie) but I will be returning, and recommending others :)
<review# 488,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2013,7/23/2013,90,118,1,4,2>While walking Atlantic, I happened to notice the storefront's bright, eye-catching color. Then, I realized what I was looking at! This store has a fantastic selection of gluten free/nongmo/organic/vegetarian-vegan friendly products.Aside from their "dry" section, they have an extensive selection of vitamins/minerals/supplements as well as a freezer/refrigerator area.In addition to store section, there is a small cafe that serves juices and smoothies! I can't wait to go back and try it.This will undoubtedly be my one-stop-shop for all of my health food needs!So happy I discovered this shop!
<review# 489,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2013,7/22/2013,152,348,2,4,4>I've longed to dine at this amazing pizza place ever since I learned about it 4-5 years ago. So on Memorial Day I finally had that pizza craving that needed fixing! Parking is either street-side or in a large parking near the restaurant. The joint is a lot bigger than I thought it would be and I love all the art and funny quotes on the wall. I ordered one of my favorite beers - Thomas Creek Up the Creek ($9.00). I have a pricey palette. But they have happy hour from opening until 7 p.m. with tons of selections of draft beer and bottled beer, cocktails and wines.I heard so many good things about the pretzels, so we ordered three in each of the flavors available. The plain butter & salt was the best of the three, the Parmesan garlic flavor was okay (but nothing extraordinary), and the cinnamon & honey was not as sweet as I wanted it to be.  I yearned for some more cinnamon sugar.I ordered the small Holy Shiitake Pizza, and Jonathan ordered the small Mighty Meaty. I really enjoyed my pizza but the caramelized onions weren't on every slice (so I had to transport them from slice to slice to make it even) and those really made the pizza outstanding. Jonathan devoured and loved his mighty meaty to the last bite. So one thing to note (that I would have liked to have known) is that the crust is the same dough that they use for the pretzels. And even on the small pizzas there is plenty dough (I LOVE that), so I would skip the pretzels next time and order a protein appetizer instead. I can't wait to come back and try another different innovative pizza. I wish we had one of these nearby so I didn't have to suffer pizza hut every time I need my pizza fix.
<review# 490,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2013,7/21/2013,138,352,3,6,5>After hearing all the hype about Tap42 I thought it was time to check what this place is all about. Well...all that hype was pretty accurate. It was a Saturday night and I could barely find a parking spot. This is always a sign that the wait is going to take forever, luckily the 45min wait only ended up being around 15min which was awesome! Our waitress was SUPER friendly and made sure we had everything we need. She even went as far as letting me sample a beer before I ordered one. Now that is service! (It's the little things folks!). After looking at the menu I instantly knew I wanted something packed with meat, so I ordered a burger. We also got the fish dip appetizer to hold over our starving stomachs over while we drank beer. The fish dip was a very nice portion of, well fish. I don't know why but the burger was so much better served on a giant cutting board. My burger was cooked perfectly and packed with so many things but most importantly, BACON. Overall, I needed a fork lift to take me out of the building after all the food and beer. I highly recommend TAP 42 to anyone who likes delicious food and has a taste for good beer. Also, be prepared to wait a good 45mins!
<review# 491,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2013,7/20/2013,129,102,2,6,2>My boyfriend was in South Florida back in October and was super adamant about me trying out this place if I ever had the opportunity to fly down. I've never had authentic Cuban food before, but if what I had at Laura's was indeed authentic, then I'm a fan!Laura's has a huge selection of imported beers as well as sodas. I'm not much of a beer gal, so I chose the Jamaican Ginger Beer. The Jamaican Ginger Beer is Canada Dry on crack. So yummy! For my entree, I ordered the Ropa Vieja (translation: old clothes). Didn't taste like old clothes - it was so magical with shredded beef in tomato sauce mixed with green peppers and onions. The dish also comes with two sides. I ordered the moro rice (rice cooked with black beans and chorizo) as well as the sweet plantains. I don't really like black beans, but the beans in the rice were absolutely delicious.  The plantains weren't too greasy and had the perfect amount of sweetness to it. What sold me over at this little gem was the hospitality. Yeah, I had to wait at the table a little to order and for the check after I was done. But the older gentleman that greeted me was so sweet, making conversation and made me feel welcome. We talked about Vegas for a bit and he even poked fun at me because I was wearing a sweater in Florida. After my meal, Laura came out and asked how the food was. She was so sweet and humble as I thanked her for an awesome experience. I had to parallel park in front of the restaurant, but there's a sign that says that there is parking behind the building. Keep your eyes open when you go around the roundabout because you'll miss it if you're speeding down the road. LOVED this place. This will be the first place I run to when I land in Fort Lauderdale during my next visit!
<review# 492,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2013,7/19/2013,695,2029,2,14,5>Peanut Island is a difficult place to review because there are so many ifs, maybes and different varying venues about. First, there are the boaters and the boozers which sort of congregate just off shore but easily within wading distance because of a rule change which now prohibits the consumption of alcohol on the island. The boats nearly surround the place on weekends barbecuing, partying and whooping it up.Then there is the more historic area known as the Kennedy Bunker which was supposedly built for the protection of President Kennedy during the Cuban missile crises but is locally rumored to have been a totally secluded hole in the ground hideaway for the President and actress Marilyn Monroe. I have no idea what truth there may be to those rumors but I can say that when it is open for tours, which is always an iffy proposition, it's well worth taking a look at. There isn't all that much too actually see, but seeing it gives a lot of insight into our mindset and what the political realities and situations were like during the period of the Cold War and nuclear threats that went along with it. Another iffy thing about Peanut is that the place always seems to be under one type of construction or another and always with various and confusing rule changes about picnicking, swimming and varying problems of access to and from it. Some parts of it are good for kids, some areas of it are not but that generally depends upon the type of group that may be occupying a particular area. Sometimes it can be quite and family like, other times areas of it can turn into a hell raising adventure of sorts. At least I never seem to know or be able to predict which,  which is why I can only go with a Four Star minus rating.
<review# 493,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2013,7/18/2013,296,502,5,12,4>When a friend called and said he wanted to go to lunch at a place with BOGO deals I had very low expectations. I was wrong. I had NO idea Blue Moon offered such a deal. Honestly, I don't understand why they do but hey, not complaining. I then found out they offer this Monday-Saturday 11:30am to 3:00pm. WOW! This is not the kind of deal where they skimp on the food to cheat you or use crappy ingredients. This is all fresh, delicious, abundant and top of the line everything! It's not just the entrees. Appetizers and desserts are included in the offer too. We arrived and scored a table right by the water outside. They took our drink order and asked if we wanted bread service ($1.50). The bread was great and it came with roasted garlic as well as the usual butter/oil. This is what we had:NEW ORLEANS FIRECRACKER OYSTERS: (2 orders) Delicious fried oysters with a mango wasabi that I even dipped my bread in. I could not let it go to waste!RED SNAPPER SPECIAL OF THE DAY: no details on this one but my husband inhaled it.SAUTEED KEY WEST YELLOW-TAIL SNAPPER: beautifully cooked and the mac n peas rocked!MAINE LOBSTER ROLL: in a toasted butter bun and oozing all over. Divine.HERB ROASTED SALMON: the cous cous was amazing! The salmon was cooked perfectly. Marcona almonds? kalamata olives? in a red pepper sherry vinaigrette? YES PLEASE! ICKY STICKY CARAMEL TARTE: (2 orders) AKA white chocolate bread pudding & chunky monkey ice cream. Crazy good. I could have had one all by myself. Sipped on a Cakebread Chardonnay throughout dinner and ended with a wonderful cappuccino. On a side note, their wine list selection is very good and priced extremely reasonable. Minimal markup. Service was great and thorough. I can't believe I never knew about their lunch special. I came for dinner here way before I Yelped so I had never reviewed them until now. I am happy to do so and I predict this will become one of my go-to spots, BOGO or not!
<review# 494,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2013,7/17/2013,57,151,4,6,6>My first time here, came in at around 3:00 on Sunday afternoon and did not have to wait for a pedicure. The first thing that struck me is the cuteness of this place. There are little lamps at each of the manicure stations and a bar up front where you can purchase all kinds of beverages. There's a great selection of Essie and OPI polishes displayed in a rotating display case. I like this a lot better than the other neighborhood place I had been to (Modern Nails) that had the polishes painted on fake nails. I was between two colors and the receptionist helped me decide... And she was quite decisive about it which I appreciated. Similar to the other place Elite nails is stylishly decorated with curtains and Asian screens. Not the institutional feel of pedicure chairs on one side, manicure tables on the other. A nice bonus is getting full cell reception (I'm on Verizon) which Modern Nails lacked. Great for drafting yelp reviews ;-) basic pedicure is $22 and includes the hot towel. Maybe this is a Pembroke Pines nail salon thing... This place also used the electric mixer thing with the circular file attachment. I had never seen that before moving to this neighborhood and now it's 2 places in close proximity that do it. The girl I got (Elaine) was super nice. Ethnically Asian, spoke with an American accent which I appreciate in a pedicure experience. Since I was already here and it's so close to my house I decided to also try the eyebrow threading service. The person who does it is also a nail tech so I needed to wait for her to finish with a customer while my toes dried. Threading is $10. They had a threading chair that was comfy since you can lean back. The woman didn't really ask me what I was looking for and language was definitely a barrier. I was petrified to see how it would turn out. She did most of it with the thread and some tweezing at the end. The results were just okay. Upon closer inspection there were some spots she missed completely and the line wasnt particularly sharp. No one does it better than Frida at Merengue Beauty Salon! (Hollywood Blvd just east of I-95) But for the price and convenience I may just continue coming here unless I'm also doing a cut and color with Frida. There's also a ton of places I frequent in this plaza - Publix, U-Sushi, Marshall's, Bath & Body Works, Office Depot, Sally Beauty Supply, to name a few. If I was writing this on my pedicure experience alone I would rate 5 stars. Docking the rating a star for the underwhelming threading experience.
<review# 495,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2013,7/16/2013,49,40,,2,1>How many times have you had fettuccine in your life? If' you've never been to Romantico or Rome, Italy, I can answer that question for you: zero.The first time we went to Romantico we took the advice of the waiter and ordered the fettuccine as an appetizer. Big mistake. It's not enough. You want more. You want it for your appetizer, your entree, and your dessert. Let me tell you why. They make the noodles fresh in the kitchen, and these noodles alone are exceptional. Noodles that are delicate like ribbons of silk are then poured out into a huge wheel of Grana Padano cheese where they are tossed with a little hot water until just the right amount of cheese has melted into them. Now it's all scooped out of the cheese wheel and served hot to your table. Yep, that's just it. Noodles, cheese, love. That's a real fettuccine alfredo, my friends. You can add just about anything to the noodles you'd like. My husband is partial to the broccoli rabe. I've yet to add shrimp or chicken or mushrooms because it's so good solo that I'm afraid to mess it up with other flavors. Call me a purist, but it's just that divine.I've sampled some of the other entrees and appetizers. They have a great antipasti platter with wonderful cheeses and meats. They have a great way of preparing breaded chicken that keeps the meat tender and warm while the crust stays light and flaky.Service is NOT fast. Take your time, enjoy the company you're with. The food will come out when its done, and you will be happy they took their time to prepare it fresh for you. Service is always friendly. We've had the same waiter every time, and he's adorable. It nice to have someone guiding your dining decisions who clearly enjoys his job. If you can't get to Italy, get to Romantico. If you've been to Italy, you'll agree that Romantico has all the charm an integrity of those little side-street cafes we know and love so well.
<review# 496,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2013,7/15/2013,440,356,2,8,6>I am not a fan of ice cream but my boyfriend wanted to try this place out. Arriving to the plaza you can't help but notice all the lights. Kind of reminds me of Christmas. Walking in they have lots of décor. Everything is old fashion. Super cute. Makes you feel like a little kid. They have a variety of ice cream. I wanted to play it safe so I ordered a small cone with strawberry and chocolate. I thought this would be small. To my surprise I had a mountain on my ice cream cone. The ice cream was delicious. The combination of chocolate and strawberry was amazing. My boyfriend ordered a chocolate smoothie. It was also large but he was happy. They have a seating in the back. Where they have lots of antique decorations. You can't help but to be mesmerized.  My favorite was that they were showing the Grease movie for everyone to watch. The atmosphere here is fun and gets you in a good spirit. They have lots on the menu to choose from. I would like to come back for a Banana split. It is a great place for kids. Service was fast and everyone was very friendly. The place is super clean. I shall be back soon!
<review# 497,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2013,7/14/2013,45,19,3,3,3>I have no words to describe how pleased I am! The service is great. Unlimited popcorn, reclining chairs, martinis, full course meals and waiters/waitresses, plus a pillow and blanket!? This place is paradise. It seems pricey, but if you sign up for the membership it's only $18 for the premium plus seats! That's the regular price of a movie ticket, plus one medium popcorn today, but here you get that price PLUS all the perks! It's fantastic and so worth it. I cannot watch my movies anywhere else. I've googled some "full service theaters" to see if there were any similar comparisons but found nothing, so as far as I'm concerned, this is the place for me.
<review# 498,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2013,7/13/2013,39,44,3,8,5>South Florida is finally catching the food truck bug.  So in the booming market one must create their niche and Ps561 has done just that.  Walking up to the bright yellow truck you will likely hear some independent hip hop pumping from the stereo in the truck.  You will then be greeted by owner and hot dog genius Aaron.  You will be present with a number of delicious choices that you will seriously consider buying more than just one before you even take your first bite.Each dog is split and griddled before added to a grilled bun.  Then comes the fun part.  Toppings that would make any elementary schooler eating a cafeteria hot dog jealous.  My go to is the Crazy Art Teacher.  Cheddar cheese, jalapenos, Frito chips and an extra generous amount of BBQ sauce.  In no time you will be somewhere between half done or completely done when you realize you do want another.  So just do it.The prices are right on target and Aaron is truly one of the nicest people you will ever meet.  And that's overall, not just for someone working in the food biz.  He loves what he does and absolutely seems to live life to the fullest.  Just read his blog on the Ps561 website about food all over South Florida.Ps561 is definitely one of my top 5 favorite trucks in South Florida and if you enjoy a good dog they will be yours too.
<review# 499,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2013,7/12/2013,46,288,,6,2>Having wandered the desert of asian cuisine that is South Florida, we enjoyed a refreshingly fantastic vietnamese dinner with friends last night at Pho & Hot Pot. Despite the generic name and strip mall elegance, Pho overcomes adversity to deliver tasty (authentic?) Vietnamese cuisine. I dove into a brilliant bowl of noodles topped with various delicious treats, including a sugarcane stick wrapped in spiced meat, a lovely lemongrass pickle, and fresh shrimp. The appetizer of various rolls and sauces was also terrific. Though we didn't enjoy their hot pot, I'd readily return to select from the wall-o-ingredients, crammed with different sorts of noodles, vegetables, dumplings and MEAT. They definitely aren't ready for any sort of crowd off the menu. The place was empty and they still took a goodly chunk of time preparing our menu items. But, the place is allegedly new, so they may just be getting the hang of operations. I'll definitely be back.
<review# 500,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2013,7/11/2013,287,379,,7,4>So here is the concept. A single prix fixe menu of $11, Italian home cooked meal and great service.  No wonder it is a winner!The menu changes from day to day, and you can get a chance to preview what they are serving that day, by going to their website.  But what is all the fun in that? I say, skip the preview and  take your chances as the meal is bound to be awesome.When I was there, the menu was egg and spinach soup; pasta with sardines (it was St. Jospeh's Day); Foccacia and meatballs.  Everything was delicious.  And for anyone who knows me, knows that I almost never eat fish.  This is why I say, don't look at the menu, if you can, as I almost missed out. However, with a little prodding from my wife, I went with it and it turned out to be a really nice surprise.  Rounded off the meal with a nice Zeppeli stuffed with ricotta and topped with powder sugar and with one of the largest (and yummy) cappucino's I have ever seen.  So if you want delicous food, good service and a price that is hard to beat, plan on coming here.  Whether or not you preview the menu or just go for it; that I leave to you.
<review# 501,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2013,7/10/2013,442,433,4,9,5>Boynton's best-kept secret! [Literally, it's kinda hard to find.] It's like a house party, except you and/or your friends don't have to clean up the next day! If you like your ambiance chill and your beer cheap, this is the place for you. Buy a locally-crafted brew for between 3 and 5 bucks and they also have growlers to go. I'm kind of a girly drinker and don't usually go for beer but the Honey Vanilla Wheat was yummy. Go just outside to grab some grub at the food trucks featured there Friday and Saturday nights. Any night of the week, your General Tso's chicken can tag along or you can have a pizza delivered. Complete food freedom! There's also a secret room in the back past the bathrooms where you can watch sports on TV or break out a board game. Happy Hour is Tuesday through Friday, 4-6 pm featuring $1 off all Due South beers. BOTTOM LINE: Craft beers, Cornhole and Food Trucks. Pretty much Hipster Heaven.
<review# 502,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2013,7/9/2013,51,155,1,7,8>After hankering for some good indian food, the fiance suggested khana kh'zana. It is located in a strip mall off sample road right before Coral springs drive going west. It is next to a tattoo parlor and some other food shops.coming in to this small place, you are hit with spices. it smells awesome and heavenly. we decided to order out so we could relax on our couch and enjoy the food. the menu is extensive. being a lamb lover, i ordered lamb rogan josh and the fiance got chicken vindaloo. we also ordered 2 orders of garlic naan and some galub jamon for dessert.after about ten minutes, our order was ready and was about $30. it took a lot of control not to tear the bags open on the drive back to the apartment.the lamb rogan josh is a very thick dish with plentiful chunks of meat and a dark sauce that is heavily spiced, and sort of hot (spicy hot). the chicken vindaloo was very delicious, and not as hot as we expected, and this sauce is THE sauce to get with naan because...the naan. OH THE NAAN! i have had my share of naan and this was BY FAR the best i have EVER had! it was HUGE (1 is enough for two!) and is filled inside with fresh garlic and herbs. it is perfectly doughy and made fresh and is SO good sopping up the sauce of the vindaloo. oooh, i get chills just thinking about it!the galub jamon is very good as well, heavy tasting of the sauce...overall, i am now a loyal customer of khana kh'zana (what a name rolls off the tongue!)
<review# 503,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2013,7/8/2013,165,221,2,5,3>I was referred by a friend who always has fabulous hair, so I figured I could take a couple of tips from her. She was bragging about her stylist and how sweet everyone in her salon were.I called and asked for Jennifer, she had the day off but would be available on Saturday. Great! I made an appointment for 2:30 but showed up 30 minutes early. Jennifer was gracious enough to take care of me right away. She was very sweet and she took the time to listen to me and even look through my pinterest pictures of 'what I wanted'.They offered me coffee and soda, and had little treats (like cookies and upcakes) for their clients. Very cute touch.Jennifer did an amazing job with my hair, my highlights are subtle, yet they bring life to my hair. And she did an even better job on my haircut and blowdry.The salon is very cute, all the ladies are super bubbly and sweet, and everyone seemed to be enjoying their experience. The prices are also very reasonable!
<review# 504,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2010,7/7/2013,118,158,3,6,4>This is a great place for children of many ages to have fun while learning. It is great for kids because almost all the learning is hands-on and interactive.  The museum is deceptively large and is segmented into lots of different interesting areas:1. Earthworks - an area that teaches children about recycling and repurposing.  There is a huge recycling truck, repurposed trash made into musical instruments, a slide made to look like a landfill mountain, etc.2. Global Village - teaches kids about different cultures through music, art and play.  Children can "visit" countries like Japan, Mexico, Israel, Africa, etc. and stamp their passports for each country they visit.  3. The toddlers playspace - a large room where the younger set can play freely.  There are all sorts of toys, books and pretend play areas as well as sitting areas for parents.  They also host 30-minute structured play in this area (music or art-related) on weekdays for all the little ones.4. Rotating exhibits - every few months the back of the museum is transformed into a new and exciting exhibit.  This evening was the preview of the Abracadabra! Everyday Magic exhibit.  It's lots of fun as well as educational.  My daughter and I always love the different exhibits that they have - the last one was a cultural exhibit which showcased children" from different countries and a "day in their lives".They also host art programs, camps, birthday parties and field trips.  It's a great place to spend they day with your children, knowing that they will have lots of fun and learn a lot along the way.
<review# 505,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2013,7/6/2013,250,136,3,7,7>I came here on a Saturday, a couple of weeks ago with my toddler. He patiently sat in the stroller while I took several pictures of various butterflies, birds, flowers, etc. It was an overall enjoyable experience, except for the heat. The admission fee came out to $26.45 after tax. My 2-year-old was free because anyone under the age of two is free. I am so glad that I don't have to pay for him to get into many places right now. Of course, in about four months, that all changes on his birthday. We went in and stopped off to look at the butterfly lab. This is where they have hundreds of caterpillars growing and going through the process of metamorphosis. It made me want to go ahead and purchase a butterfly garden for my 8-year-old. I told him a while ago that we would get one, but we have been so busy traveling that it just wasn't feasible at the time.Then, we headed outside into the Paradise Adventure Aviary. It was amazing. Literally, hundreds of butterflies fluttered around as we walked along the path. They were all different colors and sizes. I mean, wow. My 2-year-old wasn't that impressed by the butterflies. I think he was a bit freaked out. He loved the birds though.We made our way through the Hanging Garden & Butterfly Emerging Area and into the Tropical Rain Forest Aviary. I managed to catch a bunch of nice shots with my camera in here as well. There is a waterfall and lots of beautiful butterflies in this area. There is also a small "cave" which sprays a nice cool mist to cool you down a bit. The upper section of the waterfall has a wheelchair/stroller ramp.  You can also feed the fishWe left and made our way through the vine maze into the Tropical Bird Aviary. There were hummingbirds and, well, lots of other birds of which I really have no idea as to what they were. After, we went straight to the Lorikeet Encounter. That was a LOT of fun. My toddler was interested in the birds and wanted to help hold the cup, so I let him, but when a bird jumped onto his wrist - it was all over. He was NOT having that! It was pretty funny. Needless to say, he didn't have any interest in getting that close to them anymore.Overall, the experience was well worth what I paid. I am sure that there are coupons available online. We were there for several hours and didn't finish going through the entire place. Also, the annual pass for adults is only $45.00 and $35.00 for children. That seems like a lot, but when you consider how much general admission is for a single day, it is not much more. Not only that, but you receive benefits such as 20% off of the admission rates to Miami Seaquarium, Zoo Miami, Jungle Island and Palm Beach Zoo. There are other benefits as well. Visit their website for more details. We will return soon. I will definitely get the annual pass at that time. The benefits outweigh the initial wallet hit.
<review# 506,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2013,7/5/2013,9,4,,2,>What a great, chill place to get some work done (free wifi), read a book, and enjoy a great cup of your favorite brew.  Now serving some popular microbrews like Magic Hat (maybe it's not so micro, but you won't see Miller or Bud here!).  There is plenty of seating inside and out.  Smokers are welcome (outside of course), and they won't even bat an eye if you bring your (well behaved) dog inside to grab a cup to go.  Everything you need in coffee, tea, and a good selection of locally baked pastries.  You can't go wrong here, as everything they make blows Starbucks out of the water at even lower prices.  Not only that, their Intelligensia beans are ethically sourced.  For me, there's no better cup of regular drip coffee on the planet (at least the parts of the planet I've been to!).If you have had your caffeine fill, or just prefer decaf, they offer decaf Americano, which is a decaf espresso shot in hot water.  Tastes just like drip decaf, only less bitter, so better in my humble opinion.  Manual coffee brews such as Chemex, pour-over, French press, and Aeropress are available, and are to regular drip coffee what fine wine is to the boxed stuff.  They can be done in decaf or high-test, and are so smooth, even if you're a "cream and lots of sugar" coffee drinker, you'll enjoy them straight.   Seriously, give it a sip before you add your sweetener.  You won't believe how complex and delicious a cup of coffee can taste!Last, but not least, the staff at the Brew are phenomenal.  You'll always be greeted with a smile, and if you become regular, they always remember your drink of choice.I can't recommend the Brew highly enough!
<review# 507,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2013,7/4/2013,3,19,2,5,10>I first reviewed this restaurant a couple months after they opened and I have loved it since day one.Since then, Masamune has gone through different changes- all of them good! The food is delicious. I've never been a fan of sushi but Masamune changed that. It wasn't until I started coming here that I have become addicted to it. They have a nice variety of rolls. I've tried most of them and love them all. I haven't had anything here that I didn't like.The staff is amazing. They're hard working and dedicated. Yoshi, Mikey, Sarah and Momo are all wonderful and give excellent service. I always feel so welcomed when I arrive. As far as the physical appearance, Masamune is small but very comfortable and beautifully decorated. And also very clean :)If you have never been to this little gem of a restaurant, then you are missing out. Masamune is my favorite restaurant and they offer excellent food and service. Take the time to visit and you will surely be impressed. My Recommendations:Appetizers- octopus bombs, edamame hummusSalads- Crab Avocado Salad, Hawaiian Ahi-PoleSpecialty Rolls- US1, Aurora, Heart of Japan, Fire, Matsui-55Regular Rolls- Dynamite, California, Spicy Tuna(I know I'm forgetting some but all listed above are some of my favorites)
<review# 508,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2013,7/3/2013,402,320,3,7,6>I am really mad at myself for not coming here sooner.  I have heard great things about this restaurant, and I finally went to try it out for myself.   The food here was DELICIOUS.  EVERYTHING!I cannot even stress how amazing the experience was here.  I came here around 4:30 p.m. for a late lunch/early dinner.  I found this to be the perfect time because at 5 p.m. the dinner menu started.I started with the fig and honey trio appetizer.  It was macadamia ricotta, sliced apple, baby arugula on sprouted vegetable flax crackers.  This is not a huge appetizer, but it was full of flavor.  If you want a little snack to get started here, I totally recommend it.Next, I ordered the Caesar salad.  For those who do not know, Caesar salads anywhere else are not vegetarian; therefore, I needed to take advantage of the opportunity here.  Again, this was amazing and had flavor bursting in my mouth with every bite.  Since we ordered this before 5 p.m., when the dinner menu comes, we got it at a lunch price.  Yes to saving money!Anyway, I continued my food adventure with the dinner menu.  If you know anything about me is that, I LOVE MAC & CHEESE! LOVE!  Well, they have their vegan version.  In the past, all the vegan mac & cheese that I have ever tried were just okay.   I ordered it anyway.This absolutely blew my mind!  Hands down, this was the best mac & cheese that I have ever tried.  This beat J. Alexander's mac & cheese.  I am not kidding.  It is a quinoa pasta covered in cashew "cheese" and brazil nut "parmesan."  This also is a decent size plate, which two people could easily share.Finally for dessert, I ordered ice cream and the almond butter ball.  It was fantastic.  They have a large selection of vegan desserts.  I definitely want to try out more next time.
<review# 509,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2013,7/2/2013,0,7,2,7,1>Every table has a view of the ocean and activity on A1A.   The interior is designed so that it slopes up to the open kitchen area, providing a tiered seating.  The interior is stunning with a mix of stone, slate, coconut shell paneling and beautiful murals and photographs tastefully displayed.The menu has many familiar items with a unique twist--- take the 18 hour Short Rib that's served with black pepper spaetzle, sweet peas and cambozola.  Everyone at our table tried to get a taste of it.  We also enjoyed the Black Grouper that had collard greens and mango brown butter.  There was plenty of other entrees and small plates that will satisfy anyone in your party.  We loved the Vietnamese Chicken Wings... a friend from Vietnam declared them authentic... and the chef uses fish sauce, sugar and other seasonings to make this a special treat.  We are seafood lovers and the Spanish Octopus was a delicious preparation of this classic... it's grilled over a wood fire and it had olives and salsa verde.Finally there's dessert.  It seems they have avoided the crime of creme brulee, molten lava cake and key lime pie you find everywhere.  Instead we had the donuts... a nice cinnamon sugar coated with blackberry and creme sauce.  We loved the idea of a fruit plate for desert... seasonal fruits with wildflower honey just disappeared.S3 is a place you'll want to come back for the great service, nice views but especially the food!
<review# 510,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2013,7/1/2013,35,85,1,8,3>this is a VERY cool place.  i brought 5 kids (8-12) and a 20 month old to Off The Wall.  Entering...I definitely got a "very clean" impression.  If you bring kids that are not yours, make sure you have one of their parents sign the waiver online...otherwise you are going to have problems.There is staff EVERYWHERE and lots of trampolines.  The kids were non stop for 2 hours....covered in sweat.  They have trampoline dodge ball...how cool is that?  Trampoline basketball too.They serve food w/ an ample seating area.  We didnt eat, so I cant comment on the quality, but there were many people eating.  Even the 20 month old was having a great time on the trampolines.  As a parent, this was a cool place.  If you dont have a baby with you, then your kids are fine.  Staff even told me "we dont want the parents to have to walk around watching their kids, that's why we have so much staff everywhere".they need a liquor license though....or at least beer & wine.i highly recommend this place for any kids over 2.  there were many high school kids there also who are apparent trampoline ninjas and it was cool watching all of their tricks too.
<review# 511,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2013,6/30/2013,360,368,7,17,9>Korean Food in Coral Springs!Finally the food gods answered my prayers and opened a Korean Restaurant in Coral Springs, well kind of. I saw this place pop up on Yelp and I had to try it. It's an Argentinian/Korean theme serving both cuisines. Kinda of odd mixture but because the owners are a married couple and yes you guessed it, one is Korean and the other Argentinian. I walked in and the decor and set up is more bistro than anything Asian. Nice and clean space.  I sat at the counter and ordered the Spicy Chicken in Korean spices which is basically Dahk Galbi. I asked for extra sides or Banchan that the meal comes with since I was taking my order to go. I had a cold Miller Lite and chatting with the owners who were also working as servers and cooks. If you sit at the counter you can watch them cook and grill your meal. I got my food, finished my beer and I was out the door. I got home and placed everything on a plate (see pic). Pretty damn good, the chicken was cooked right and the portion was huge. Also the pieces of chicken were bigger too. The Kimchi was tasty with a nice crunch when you bite into the cabbage. All the other dishes were pretty standard, expect for the fish cake. It came with two small dumplings almost like soft wontons. They were stuffed with something but I ate it too fast before I could decipher what was inside. Lol.   Overall it was a good meal for a good price. I couldn't even finish the whole thing.Is this Gabose.....No. I'm not even rating as to compared to Gabose because its a different concept with the Argentina side of the menu that I didn't even sample. One thing I will tell you is that I love supporting places like this. For a few reasons, a married couple working their asses off and I feel that this place has potential. I think if enough people give the Korean food a chance it could work. I'll be back for sure. Remember to tell them Dan sent you and Stay Hungry!
<review# 512,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2013,6/29/2013,56,29,1,10,4>Met the owners (Christy and Mike) the other week as they frequent Laser Wolf for beer guzzling. We got to talking about their new venture: Hot & Soul. I love supporting local businesses so a buddy and I went to check them out for Sunday brunch. We were impressed (not that I wasn't expecting to be, they are cool cats).Started off with a chalk board special: organic cantaloupe, homemade ricotta (AWESOME), hydro cress, pink peppercorn syrup, olive oil and Hawaiian black salt! The flavors blended perfectly and presentation was gorgeous.Then we sampled bites from from the following dishes:An open faced country pate (made in house) sandwich (fresh focaccio bread) served with a fried egg, bread and butter pickles, grainy mustard and a homemade mango paste.A perfectly cooked and tender culotte steak served with FRIED gnocchi hash (sauteed onions and red peppers) with an egg on top.Gulf shrimp etouffee over dirty rice. Sauce had just enough kick with fresh ingredients. Pan fried semolina cake (their version of "french toast") with kumquat syrup, homemade ricotta and cashew brittle. This was definitely the dessert of the brunch menu!Aside from the delicious food, they have six decent drafts they rotate. I started the day hard with a couple Ballast Point Sculpin IPAs and ended with a Cigar City Florida Cracker can. They serve mimosas and Luk Rose cider as well.The atmosphere is bright during the day so we snuggled up to the wooden bar. I always find it most fun to eat at the bar - better service and the occasional interaction with the owners.  Music selection was solid too (a fav. Wild Nothing track came on).Hope to see this place succeed. Broward residents, blossoming foodies: check this place ouuuttt.
<review# 513,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2013,6/28/2013,174,188,1,10,4>I met up with some other Yelp members to check this place out.  It is located right in Mizner Park.  They do accommodate groups as there were about 15 of us.The menu offers appetizers, small plates, main dishes and ramen dishes as well.  I sat with boyfriend, sister and a friend.  We ordered several small plates and appetizers.  I explained to the waiter that I was a vegan and he said that they would be able to adjust some of the food for me.  One thing I ordered that I really enjoyed was this bowl of cauliflower and brussel sprouts which they left out the bacon for me.  The sauce was so delicious. We also ordered a bowl of edamame pods which was seasoned and oiled.  They were excellent.  Other things that we ordered that were great were tempura asparagus, seasoned green beans and sweet potato fries.  My boyfriend ordered a chicken fried rice and said the chicken was good.This was a very busy place the night that I went.  They do have a good sized bar area to sit at as well to have a drink and eat at.  i can't wait to go back!
<review# 514,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2013,6/27/2013,251,189,3,8,6>People, gather 'round.  I have found the holy grail of brunch spots.I enjoyed the most delicious impromptu brunch here last Saturday morning.  A smorgasbord of homemade muffins served in a cute mason jar with a everyberry preserves on the side, vegetable quiche, and banana bread stuffed french toast (yes.  banana bread.  stuffed.  french toast.).  All farm to table, incredibly fresh, and one of the most delectable brunch meals I have had.We also took part in their interactive all-you-can-drink bloody and mimosa bar ($15 per person).  You walk up to the bar asking for whichever beverage you want.  The bloody mary will be made for you by the bartender and then you get to add a bunch of garnishes and toppings to it.  The mimosa section shows you a whole list of fresh juices (things like watermelon, cucumber, melon, grapefruit) which you choose for your bartender to mix with your champagne.  Delicious.  The watermelon was my favorite.You can easily spend at least $30 a person here if you get the unlimited bloody marys and mimosas, but it is so worth it.
<review# 515,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2013,6/26/2013,135,173,4,10,5>What started off as a 3-star review quickly was turned into a 5-star glowing review.I took the ladies to Bay Bay's to try the joint for the first time ever - all the Yelp reviews couldn't be wrong, and they sure weren't.We were greeted and seated quickly, but the person seating us forgot to let a waitress know we weren't being taken care of, so we sat for 10 minutes without anything.Finally, after the table behind us was immediately seated and given drinks, the waitress apologized profusely and turned our experience into an awesome one.They gave us samples of the BEST FRIED CHICKEN EVER - delicious crispy skin with a little spice to kick you before running away, enveloped around moist white chicken. YES, PLEASE! :)My sister ordered their fried fish (I think it was cod?) while the BFF and I ordered a 2-piece chicken with a waffle. Here is not necessarily an issue, but something for Bay Bay's to think about: Considering the waitress knew the fish took 20 minutes to cook, she should have asked if we wanted our meals brought out together or just as they came out. Instead, they arrived WAY before my sisters fish did and we just sat there wondering if they knew how to "stage a meal".It wasn't a problem, as I ordered extra sides and she was munching on a few of those (and picking at my chicken and waffles!!) but for next time, it's a good idea to ask the guests how they'd like their meals brought out.Sister loved her fish, my BFF and I were so full (but kept picking at the chicken skin) and satisfied that we vowed to return and bring many others.
<review# 516,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2013,6/25/2013,48,93,3,9,3>Wow!!!! A thumbs up for for being open 24/7. Another thumbs up for great tasting, well made, yet cheap with delicious vegetarian option Mexican food that does not give you bad stomach next day. They don't just serve you off the table. Even at 12 am they take their time to make the food.  They are located at the corner of Lake Worth and Military Trail. Up until 11 pm they they serve from their food truck and then they direct the customers to order from the window of their restaurant -which is a just few yards away. People can order from the to-go window and can also eat in their restaurant that remains open all night. From the time we reached till we left there were at least 10 other customers walking in or driving out. There was a steady flow of people it is a common spot for late night grub. We were a hunrgry-BurgerFi-fed group of  six looking to get some "authentic" food at those weird hours. Having bookmarked this place on Yelp, it pulled upright away and off we were. Even at midnight, parking was kind-off full. To me it was a good situation and an encouraging sign. The menu is actually written on the wall around the window (check the picture). It is confusing and funny, some words are missing. For a while we tried to figure out what "Ice Pudding" was, then realized the "R" had faded away from "Rice". Friends got all kinds of Tacos, wet burrito, and quesidillas. I got the Veggie Burrito that comes with rice and beans, lettuce, tomato, sour cream, guacamole etc. The wait time was nearly about 15 minutes and standing outside it seem even longer. There were people eating inside the restaurant too, but most of crowd came for a to-go. For just $4 and change I was looking at one the delicious burritos I was about to have. Even at that time it was well presented and fresh. The tortilla was unique not ready made quality.Very Delicious. The veggies were fresh and the burrito had great taste of rice, beans, and guacamole. The hot sauce that they give with it was very hot for me but my friends really enjoyed it. I finished the burrito within a minute. Its nice they hand out some plastic-ware to cut the big burrito. It would have been very messy otherwise. The only thing is that Pico De Gallo does not come with it - they charge almost as much as the burrito costs. LOL. I din't need it as the burrito wasn't dry as I'd expected. This is definitely going to be my go-to place for delicious food after a party in the AM hours. I am going to go there whenever I am in the area or might have to take my colleagues since they have already liked the pic so much. Hopefully, it remains as good as it was last night.  I read they have opened at their new location on 6th Ave South and Congress. Will try that one too!!!
<review# 517,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2013,6/24/2013,181,103,4,7,3>I think this place is as close to Heaven on Earth as you're ever gonna get! Thanks to the review from Sean M, I decided to give this place a try after I returned from Trindad for Carnival. I was on my feet nonstop for 7 days straight and my little piggies needed some extra TLC! The spa is located in a nice strip mall on Taft Street next to the Publix. Super easy to fnd so that was a big plus for me. When I walked it, I was greeted my one of the therapists and was advised that someone would be with me shortly. The prices here can't be beat. For a 15 minute neck and shoulder massage with foot soak followed by a 45 minute foot massage, I paid $38. No, you didn't read that wrong. The thing about it is that the massage is so phenomenal that you would expect it to be so much more than that but it's not. They need to keep it that way though :-) They start you out with a herbal foot soak for 15 minutes. You soak in these large wooden tubs which is kind of cool because it makes me think that's how it's done back in their country. While my feet soaked, my therapist gave the best neck and shoulder massage. She was this petite woman with tiny hands but man, was she powerful! She also massaged my lower back which was great. Next up was my foot massage. I straight up fell asleep in the chair, snoring and all! It was that relaxing! It was a great service! The place is extremely clean and the therapists are polite. My only qualm is that not all of them speak much English so if you come in on a day where the English speakers are off for the day, you may have to struggle in telling them what you want. Also, they will stop their service with you to tend to a walk-in guest. This part is a little annoying because they get into a groove and you're falling in love with their hands on your feet and then they stop to have a conversation with someone else! It can really ruin the mood but once they return and they place their hands on your feet again, you forget about the annoyance and just return to enjoying the service. They also offer full body massages at affordable prices. I'll more than likely be taking them up on that in the near future. If you're in need of a relaxing foot massage, this is where it's at! Thank God, I'm able to give my feet a treat at an affordable price thanks to Oriental Qi Spa.
<review# 518,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2013,6/23/2013,187,216,2,7,4>On Memorial Day evening, my wife and I walk in to this joint approximately one hour prior to close.  I am not sure why this place is not receiving the hype that it should...Shortly after our meal we figured out why...First, let me explain our experience.  It was WONDERFUL!!Even though a bit disappointed that they ran out of some of the most sought items, the employees were extremely apologetic and accommodating to the fact that they were out of yummy ribs, BBQ beans, sausage, Mac and cheese....UhHhh! The GOOD STUFF!We both opted for the 2 meat meal and had some brisket and pull pork in one order and brisket and chicken in the other.Let me start off with the brisket.  It was tasty and juicy, a lean and moist bite after bite. One of the better briskets that I have had, it stands up to some of the ones that I've had in Memphis. Pulled pork was nice and tender with a good seasoned taste.  We watched them actually pull it off a pork shoulder when we ordered it. Chicken, though breast...we always expect it on the drier side when it is smoked in advance.  It was actually still moist and it had a good smokey taste and nicely salted.The heated BBQ sauces were a great touch and an extra detail to your meal. The spicy BBQ sauce had a nice little kick to it that makes the heat seeker keep wanting more and more. Sweet tea was excellent.  Balanced my meal.The roll was freshly made, hot, soft, yeasty and had a chewy goodness that even though I was stuffed, I still managed to scarf it down my hatch!Nice little ending of a soft serve on a cone at your convenience. Great touch there also.The manager, Jason approached us at our table and asked how our meal was and made sure everything was okay.  Was able to chat with him for a bit after my meal and he kept apologizing for being unprepared for the rush on the holiday and running out of food.  Jason said he has only been managing the store since Feb. of 2013 and I can see that since his takeover, the service and food quality has improved significantly. The manager is highly service oriented and extremely personable. Offered all his customers in the dining area a piece of pecan pie in order to make up for running out of certain items. I highly suggest the ones that didn't have such a hot experience at Dickies previously to come give it another try and give it a second chance. This may be the only place for BBQ in the West Miramar area and it definitely meets my expectations.
<review# 519,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2013,6/22/2013,292,387,15,24,18>Ever have that craving for something "unique"  and loaded with flavors you haven't experienced before... have I got the hook up for you... Bamboo has you covered.About a year ago I was hoping to discover some of Delray's hidden gems and luckily stumbled upon Bamboo reviews from Patrick and Stephanie.  And it really is a hidden gem; located a couple blocks off Atlantic Ave (away from the crowds).  Just a simple store front restaurant with very limited seating (they do take reservations though).  Walk thru the door, "INHALE" and you know you're in for a treat.  The owners and staff are all family (Beverly cooks amazing, husband Donald works the tables and keeps the customers happy, daughter Lauren serves us and keeps us entertained and there are more).  They're hail from Guyana but the food draws influences from the entire caribbean region.Rarely do I visit and not have a serving of Grilled Conch to start off;  you better love garlic though.  Anyone that is a conch eater knows it's hard to find a place that tenderizes it properly (too hard and overly chewy) but not here.  I have yet to experience any better (including the Bahamas where it is a specialty).Other Appetizers worth giving a shot:  Conch Ceviche (like a tropical version of peruvian ceviche), Gilled Eggplant DIp (surprisingly smokey taste), Tostones with garlic dipping sauce and the Jerk Meatballs.I typically have a "go to" dish at places I frequent often but not here because every time I try something new it becomes my new "go to".  The current hot dish for me is the Goat Curry (super tender with a curry sauce but not your typical curry sauce; very different but very memorable.Previous "go to" dish for me has been the Jerk Chicken. Spicy and aromatic.  The meat is tender and never dry.   Another popular choice is Oxtail (a caribbean delicacy done right).All dishes include a tropical dinner salad (pieces of mango and tomatoes with tropical vinaigrette), fried rice and sweet plantains.  Now if you really want to kick the diet to the curb and treat yourself to something that looks unreal... order any of the Mac and Cheese dishes (available with lobster, shrimp, crab, fish, chicken or pork).  I haven't tried them yet but on our last visit we brought along a group a foodies and watching them all dine on these "not so ordinary" mac and cheese dishes has got me realizing I'm missing out. Come in for a visit...  Get full...  Be happy... And I'm positive you'll be back.
<review# 520,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2013,6/21/2013,73,355,,6,4>My wife surprised with with a Dining in the Dark experience. What a fabulous night.Greeted by our server of the evening, Greg. Advised us to go wash our hands. ???? Escorted into our own private dining room. He explained that soon it would be pitch black and he would be able to serve us because he had night vision goggles. He inquired about food restrictions. Other than my wife asking for  low sodium and gluten free, the chef had a blank canvass. We opted for a 6 course meal which ended up being perfect. The more courses you order, the smaller the plates.The minimum you can order is 4. You can order wine wth as many or few courses as you like.  We opted for a wine pairing for 5 of the courses. Finally, Greg advised us that the experience will be even better if we used our hands to eat rather than silverware. Each course was fantastic and perfectly paired with wines from all over the world.It was so much fun trying to guess what we were eating/drinking.The chef (Lauren) and Gregg worked in perfect harmony. We were there for 4 hours. At the end, Greg and the manager, Aaron showed us pics of each course.Nice touch. They were emailed to us.Can't wait to return for a special evening. It is not cheap but worth every penny. With tip came out to be a little under $350. Way more than we have ever spent for dinner but ths truely was an experience.
<review# 521,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2013,6/20/2013,837,552,3,14,12>We have a guy at work, that comes to the office, picks up our cars, and drops them off as soon as he's doe cleaning them.  I've been relying on his services to keep my car clean for a couple of years now.  I also have a car wash right in front of my house yet today I drove down 441 to Rising Tide Car Wash.After reading their story, I just had to go there.  Any business that has a mission to help others and better the way society looks at what is labeled as "minorities" or "disabilities" is worth looking into and supporting.  Rising Tide is a car wash that employs people with autism, giving them the opportunity to feel and be productive, to have the opportunity to say "I have a job", and let everyone know how capable they are to do this and more.They offer everything from a simple outside wash to full service with wax.  You select your service at an "ATM" type machine, pay and in you go.  I selected the Full Service Wash ($25) which includes exterior wash, vacuum, windows, towel dry, dash & console.  First thing I noticed is the pretty colors they have for the soap.  You know, as soon as you go in the washing tunnel...  Well they have blue, green, pink, and yellow. Very pretty, and entertaining (will try to take a picture next time - today I just stared).  Once you're out the rest of the process is pretty much the same as other car washes.  Bring your car around and wait until their done with it.   Their waiting room is very comfortable.  They have some vending machines, and a ATM machine (in case you need cash for tips).  They have several round tables with chairs and a little sectional sofa with cushions.  Also 2 TVs - one was showing the NBA game today.In about half an hour my car was done, all shiny and clean again.  We all feel happy with a clean car but here the feeling is even bigger because you supported them in trying to make a difference and hopefully, with your business, help others join this "movement".
<review# 522,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2013,6/19/2013,215,252,2,8,5>I hadn't had my hair professionally cut in 5 years because I had a hard time finding someone that I felt I could trust since the last lady (in NY) botched my haircut the day before my college graduation! I have very thick and straight hair- not exactly as smooth as I wish. It was very long and down to my elbows after letting it grow out! So I decided 5 years is too long and I had been trimming my hair myself every month that my hair lacked shape and texture. Then I depended on Yelp on finding a salon I'd be most comfortable with. There were a plethora of salons that had 4-5 stars, but most of them didn't have consistent reviews or had very very short reviews explaining their reason why they liked the salon. I actually had researched for a month and saw a couple of my Yelp friends liked Resta. So I took their reviews seriously and decided to make an appointment with the master stylist & owner of Resta, Eric. I wasn't going to let anyone other than the master stylist go near my hair due to my bad experience 5 years ago, lol. I'm sure the others are great, but I just had to ease in my nervousness by feeling assured that my hair was in the best hands at Resta.My appointment was on Friday morning, the salon was already busy. The girl at the front desk was very sweet, and Eric was just finishing up a client and he smiled at me. Since I arrived maybe 10 minutes early, I sat down on the comfortable bench and I was mesmerized with the architecture and decor of the salon. It is NOT your typical salon where everything is stark white with fancy mirrors and lighting. Resta is a very artsy-fartsy kind of place. It reminded me so much of a couple of my favorite artsy-fartsy cafe hang outs in college in New York. There are paintings, drawings, sculptures on the walls. I felt so much at home because I am an artist myself, too.Eric approached me and led me to his chair, he pulled up a stool beside me and asked me what I had wanted to do with my hair. I shared a couple of photos that I had on Pinterest on my phone and he looked at what I liked and what I did not want. He clarified what he would be doing and consulted with me in his opinion what would work best with my face shape and the texture of my hair.  I had wanted to go shorter than my shoulders, but he explained to me in detail why it wouldn't work with my hair type and the shape of my face. He then brought me to the back room to get my hair washed by another sweet girl (I never got her name).  She massaged my scalp soooo good that I felt like I was gonna fall asleep. haha I went into the chair and let Eric work his magic. It must have taken about 2 hours from the washing to the finishing touches. I did not mind the long wait  because from watching him work with my hair, I could tell he really takes pride in his own work. The finished result was exactly what I wanted! I LOVE it.  I cannot stop looking at myself in the mirror ever since! LOVE my cut!  I have uploaded my before and after photo so you can see why I am super happy with it!Resta is definitely the place I will recommend to anyone who is looking for a comfortable and relaxed place and awesome stylists!!!P.S. The Beat Cup Cafe is right next door and I kept smelling the delicious lunch being made wafting into the Salon. I nearly went in after my appointment, but I had such a busy day planned! I will be stopping by The Beat Cup soon, for sure!
<review# 523,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2013,6/18/2013,53,129,4,9,8>Finally, this great concept comes to my area! I really enjoyed those conveyer belt sushi restaurants during my to trip to Tokyo and I always hoped someone would open a place like this around me. Basically, you sit around the sushi bar and and plates of sushi zip past you on a conveyer belt... except this place actually has them floating around on little wooden boats in a stream. You pick up what you want to eat and when you are done, you are charged per plate (the price is dependent on the color of the plate). The really good news is... Ninja Spinning Sushi Bar has an awesome name! Actually, the good news is they have awesome sushi and the name just happens to be cool too.  The nigiri is served with generous, tasty cuts and the rolls are all nicely balanced and not over-the-top or ridiculously smothered in mayo, or any other such nonsense. All ingredients were obviously super-fresh. Oh, you can also sit at a table and order from a menu in case you are allergic to fun and overall joyful experiences. The service is a little unorganized, but everyone was very friendly and it was a great, unique dining experience. Ninja Spinning Sushi Bar, you have delivered a mighty SHORYUKEN to my heart. See you soon, ya crazy kid.
<review# 524,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2013,6/17/2013,351,235,3,4,2>So I have never been to a drag show.  When you walk in the door, Lips looks like a cross between an old cheesy strip club and the place the Bird Cage was filmed at.  Its everything you would expect, lots a good looking men in heels, crazy mix crowd of people (gay/straight/young/old), and tons of glitter and fruity drinks.  Do not come here if you can't take a joke or if you take yourself too seriously.  This is a very R rated but light hearted group of people so if you are not open minded then don't bother spending your money.Ok so for the food and the show.  I went with a group of 5 for a birthday party.  Everyone had a blast.  This isn't the type of thing you do all the time its more for special occasions or birthdays and can get a little expensive.  For an extra $10 they give the special person of the group a crown and a special dessert then they make them come up to the front of the stage for a picture.  The FoodSo other people have mentioned the food is a bit pricy, and it is but you do get a show included with dinner so it makes sense.  Definitely bring a lot of dollar bills because the ladies will come table to table looking for tips.  We tried the Calamari  to start (Desiree Dubois) and it was actually very good and fresh.  The size of the calamari rings were big and perfectly fried we really enjoyed it.  As for dinner we tried 3 things off the menu, the Brenda Starr which was a pork tenderloin in a madeira wine sauce with wild mushroom risotto (very good), the Gina Roberts which was shrimp francaise jumbo shrimp, white wine and lemon butter sauce with spinach and rice (very good) and the Charlize Angel which was grilled chicken with a sundried tomato and roated garlic tapenade  with wild mushroom risotto.    I posted pictures of all the food.  Everything was very good, not 5 star but worth the price of the meal and the show.  Without the show it would be a bit over priced.  The showIt is a bit cheesy and mostly old school music like Cher and Tina Turner but what do you expect from a lip synced drag show.  It is funny and entertaining and like I mentioned  worth it for a special occasion when you are looking for something fun and interesting and out of the ordinary to do.  We went to a Thursday night show and it was still crowded but not as bad as the weekend so I would suggest a week night show if you can.  We would definitely go back!
<review# 525,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2013,6/16/2013,1682,120,12,13,11>Another nice well kept older course. Fairly long, par 4's are close to 400yds or more and very challenging. The course is fairly wide open which helps the speed of play and my not so perfect shots, carts have GPS which also helps speed of play.Greens are in great shape!Tha staff is REALLY nice and the prices are resonable from April through October (off season). The winter rates draw the tourists and can be pretty pricey.Now for the food.This is Yelp!I was impressed! First the lunch shack: We had sandwiches to go and based on the lack of jibber jabber and the speed that they disappeared everyone including myself enjoyed our lunch.The sandwiches are made to order not wrapped in plastic sitting aroud from many days gone by. They have a nice selection of breads and options. I had the tuna salad on mutigrain and enjoyed the fact that it was mostly tuna! Now the restaurant:Pretty darn good! 2 for 1 happy hour drinks 4-6pm. Prices reasonable.Typical happy hour at a golf course, lots of alcohol and even more lies from the patrons/golfers about how well they played :-) We had three different apps and they were all excellent-Calamari - tender, hate it when it's cooked into some form of calamari gum and bounces on the plate, marinara sauce was good and bit spicy, good spicy!Smoked Chicken Quesedillas - well done! Nachos- again very well done.My score that day... don't ask... :-) But I'll be baaaaaaaaack!
<review# 526,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2013,6/15/2013,193,173,2,6,3>I was anxious to try Burt and Max's after a friend told me how much they enjoyed it.  It's in the new shopping center on Atlantic just west of the turnpike, which is full of different stores and is pretty well laid out.  The restaurant is beautifully appointed, with both indoor and outdoor seating and a wide open kitchen that's bustling.For apps we had the roasted tomato soup with goat cheese croutons and the warm roasted beets and winter squash salad.  For $5 we received a very generous bowl of tasty tomato soup.  The salad was lightly dressed in a lovely cider vinaigrette with goat cheese and pistachios, and the portion size was just right.For entrees we went with the slow braised beef short ribs and the vegetarian plate, a choice of 4 veggies sides; we chose spinach, brussels sprouts, green beans and cauliflower.  The short ribs were incredibly tender and delicious and the red wine mushroom demi it came with was served on the side as requested - not that the meat even needed it.  Alongside the short ribs were crispy onions, asparagus and roasted Yukon gold potatoes, all of which went perfectly with the succulent meat.  The veggies were also very well done - the spinach was tender and buttery, the brussels sprouts were slightly smoky and came with bacon and roasted garlic; the cauliflower was caramelized and had a hint of curry and sweetness, and the green beans were crisp and came with sauteed shallots.We were too stuffed for dessert, but we thoroughly enjoyed our meal.  Our server was very attentive and we can't wait for our next meal at Burt and Max's.
<review# 527,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2013,6/14/2013,267,285,2,2,3>Nothing like finally trying "that little place down the street" and finding a new go-to neighborhood spot for economical yummy.After leaving the nearby Tarks, dejected, hungry and craving seafood (we waited too long to be waited on and bailed), we passed by Cabo Banco, walked right by it and then retraced our steps and decided to cross the threshold. Good move.In summary: healthy portions, reasonable prices, authentic Peruvian ceviche and friendly service.  It helped that I speak Spanish because the nice woman behind the counter didn't seem to speak much else . But the menu has pictures so pointing will work fine for hungry gringos.  I ordered for my boyfriend-  a trusting and hungry gringo.  Ceviche mixto for him, classic for me, and a shared plate of fried seafood - mostly calamari, a tender white fish, some crispy yucca and shrimp I think.  I can't remember the dish's name but I know the plate was clean when we were done. And barely a trace of oil- super crisp and light and tasty for a fried meal.  We felt no greasy remorse.  The place is roomy inside if you want to come with a crowd of hungry gringos and an interpreter.  We sat at the bar and watched kick boxing in Spanish sipping Dos Equis. Perfecto (for you Gringos, that means it was really good).
<review# 528,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2013,6/13/2013,73,205,3,7,6>I can't believe this place has been around for years, and I just found out about it last week!  Agave is easily one of the best places in Davie.  Hands down.I had my very first sope, and it is now my favorite Mexican dish.  On the suggestion of the staff, I had one with steak and another with beef, and I must say the steak was crazy good.  If you don't know what to get here, get the steak sope.  Thank me later.Oh, and they have CHOCOFLAN!  It's chocolate cake with a layer of flan on top.  What's interesting about chocoflan, it starts with the flan on the bottom and the cake on top, but when you cook it, they switch places.  Definitely try it.I plan on making up for lost time here.  If you are anywhere remotely near Agave, go NOW!
<review# 529,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2013,6/12/2013,399,476,,19,9>This is an awesome shelter, given that it's a county-run facility. They're not a no-kill shelter, but it's not like they want to be (that decision rests with the county politicians and voters). They make every effort to put their animals in loving homes. The volunteers are nothing short of amazing - especially the ones who take the time to do glamor shots of the dogs so they have a better chance of being adopted. They run the Urgent Dogs of Broward Animal Care and Adoption facebook page, and their dedication is admirable. They are all wonderful people who really do have the best interest of their animals at heart.I visited this shelter more times than I can count in the search for a dog. I adopted a wonderful pup here, but sadly he and I were not the right fit. He had pretty severe separation anxiety (to the point where I was really worried he would injure himself in a panic), and needed far more attention than I could give him with my long days at work, so I had to bring him back (sobbing the whole time). A wonderful volunteer named Kathy comforted me, and took down my email address so she could let me know when he was adopted. An hour later, she sent me a message telling me that my precious little boy found a new home with a stay-at-home mom and two girls... absolutely the perfect situation for him. Even though it didn't work out for me, I can't say enough good things about this place.The normal adoption fee is $74.95, but they frequently have adoption specials. One weekend they even had free adoptions (I brought a friend along with me, and even though I didn't adopt a dog that weekend, she did!). In March, they had "March Madness" where you could spin the wheel to get a reduced-fee or even free adoption, and in April they did a "Raining Cats and Dogs" promotion, where you would choose a little paper umbrella that had a special price inside. But even if you do pay the full adoption price, you get a lot for it: microchip, spay/neuter, de-worming, rabies vaccination and tag.Please, if you're looking for a pet, make this shelter (or the Pompano shelter) your first stop. They have so many wonderful animals who need families to call their own. If you go on their website, you can browse all of their animals - their list is updated constantly throughout the day. As the saying goes, "Don't shop, adopt!"
<review# 530,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2013,6/11/2013,118,353,,7,1>Stumbled upon this place today while looking for a new spot we'd never been.  We just wanted a simple lunch, and that's what we got -- good service, good food, easy in, easy out, fair pricing.They offer half table service, half counter service -- you order at the counter, but they'll bring your meal to your table (at least that's what they did at lunch today).My falafel gyro was priced right at $6.95 and if I wanted to make it a combo and add a soda and fries, it would have cost $3 more.  The gyro was sizable, and in fact, I'm eating the leftover half of it for dinner right now.I'm a lover of tzatziki sauce, so I ordered extra on my gyro for .50 more.  What I didn't bargain for was the amount of pepper that was added to the tzatziki sauce.  It was a tad bit on the hot side, but still good.  Oh, and they have saganaki!  Who can pass up an order of saganaki?  The portion was sizable, though it could have been melted a tad bit more.The service here was friendly from the moment we entered and ordered at the counter, to the delivery of our lunch at the table, to the friendly "thank you" from the kitchen (the owner?) as we left.  I usually prefer full table service when I go out, but if I'm looking for something this casual, I'll go back. Good food, service, and prices.
<review# 531,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2013,6/10/2013,240,184,4,10,10>I wish I could tell you about my first experience at Jaxson's Ice Cream but I can't... I have been going to Jaxson's since I was old enough to digest milk.  Growing up in South Florida means two things; First off, you hardly ever appreciate the beach & second, you have been to Jaxson's for at least one birthday party.   When you walk into Jaxson's you are greeted by vintage candy, gum, and silly toys.  I see that area as the tourist trap, I don't get lost in it.  My favorite part of Jaxson's is being greeted by Stan.  Stan has been greeting me since  as far back as I can remember and each time I visit he is still there even into his 90s.    I love going to Jaxson's and feeling the memories of being a child in those same seats flooding my head once again.  The smells are still the same, the decor is still the same, and the ice cream is still the same. Over the years I have come across many parlors around the country who claim to have the original Kitchen Sink but as a true blooded South Floridian I know that Monroe Udell's trademarked Kitchen Sink is ours.  I truly love this gem in Davie and it will forever be in my mind as a stop we made on Sundays after we went to Grand Prix.   A lot has changed in that area (Grand Prix is now Boomers and Atlantis is now a shopping plaza) but one thing has remained the same... Jaxson's is here to stay.
<review# 532,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2013,6/9/2013,563,515,15,16,15>If Funky Buddha Brewery was a woman, I am sure I would be slapped with a restraining order for stalking. Yes, I would be that guy staring through the window salivating at their goods on countless occassions. This repeated act by me has led to a few awkward conversations with employees and on two occassions the owners.I think the prevailing question is "how many times have you done this?". I seriously lost count, but soon my luck would turn.May 30th would be the day I would go from creepy dude in the window to loyal customer. On this day, they opened their doors in their Oakland Park location to their "founder" members to have a beer and pick up their founder members' gear. Luckily for me, I signed up to be a founder.I walked in to their beautiful and spacious tap room hazy from a nap and quickly was greeted by an employee.Employee: "Snifter or founders member"?Interpretation inside my head: "Sniff her or flounders member"What I actually said, "Huh?."Employee: "Snifter or founders member"?Interpretation inside my head: (understands).What I actually said, "founders."Employee: "I promise the questions will not be any harder."She was right. What followed was a question on my name and then what beer to choose from their tap. After gettting my snifter glass filled with their Piiti Porter, I spotted Patrick L and Stephanie G with Kristy Q and her friend in the corner. It was a little yelp refuge. Once I sat down, time started to fly and everything seemed to be one big memory of shared bottled by fellow founder members, endless shared beer knowledge from Patrick L and Carlos, and me consuming wonderful beer. Before I knew it, it was time to leave the awesome tap room and head home.Funky Buddha Brewery already is a big name in the local craft beer scene. With this new brewery location, they will only continue to amaze the masses with beers like PB&J, Last Snow, Hop Gun IPA, and many more. With the addition of wi-fi, Funky Buddha has become my home away from home.
<review# 533,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2013,6/8/2013,412,333,5,7,9>Excellent establishment for lunch or dinner.  My recent experiences have been positive and quite enjoyable.  On Saturday evening, a live band played and the tables were all taken.  We sat at the bar and ordered a filet with crab topping, a chicken dinner with mashed potatoes, and another steak dish. (My date was very hungry, and ordered two dinners, so I tried a bit of each). My filet was cooked to tender perfection and the crab topping was tasty and fresh, and accompanied by fresh grilled asparagus.  The chicken dish was a-ok, he stated it was a bit dry though.  The mashed potatoes were addicting.  His steak plate was good too.  Cocktails were good though very heavy on the ice. Service was fantastic and attentive, and didn't mind lightening up on aforementioned ice.  Overall one of my favorite spots in Ft. Lauderdale ... win!
<review# 534,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/26/2013,6/7/2013,163,126,3,6,3>What a delight this experience was.  For a place that has been open less than a week, they are doing it right!  My buddy and I swung over here for some dinner after catching the local Roller Derby match. Having heard about Red Cow recently, and being a frequent visitor of the owner's other local gastronomic phenomenon, "Foxy Brown," I was excited to try this place.  We walked in and were quickly greeted by what seemed like an almost over-excited hostess who promptly served us with a HUGE smile and welcome.  We sat around for a couple of minutes taking in the simple, but wonderfully fitting decor.  Just as we were starting to wonder where our server was so we could order a few beers off the relatively small, but varied beer menu, the smiling hostess came by and asked if anyone had seen us yet. When we told her we had not been visited by anyone, she happily walked off and personally escorted our server over to our table.  It was a nice touch to make sure we were taken care of.  Our server Clara was super friendly, fun, and knowledgeable about the menu.  She definitely made our experience better. My friend and I decided we were going to order a smorgasbord and just share everything to get a true taste of the new place. For starters we decided on the smoked artichokes and the "Jerk-cuterie" plate.  The 3 half artichokes were perfectly smoked and came with a tangy garlicy aioli type sauce.  Although they were great, they also were nothing special for the $12 price tag.  The "Jerk-cuterie" was MUCH more of a value for the same $12.  On the plate, served on a small baking sheet, was house-made beef jerky that was tender and not over-smoked, a homemade pimento cheese, a sliced link of the turkey jalapeno cheddar sausage, a few slices of the pepper-crusted pork (maybe my favorite thing in the meal), a pile of house-made pickles that were sweet, tangy and delicious, and a slice of their skillet cornbread.This was the first dish of the night that led us to decide that one of the keys to all the food here being so damn good was that nothing was over-smoked.  It seems too often that these BBQ joints just smoke the hell out of the meats and you lose that natural flavor and juices that really adds to the experience.  Not at the Cow! For our entrees, we decided on the "Eat More Meat" with pulled pork, stacked beef ribs, and brisket.  For the sides, I went for the fried brussel sprouts and the sweet potato grits.  My buddy got the Burnt Ends Shepherd's Pie and the Cauliflower Puree.  When we were trying to decide on what sides to try, we asked Clara what she thought. Her honesty in describing her take on the sides, and what sides she had yet to try, was refreshing and gave us great insight on what to order!  That's how a server should be!  The brisket was perfectly smoked and juicy as all get-out.  The pulled pork was predictable.  I would have liked a less sweet sauce there, but I forgot that there were 3 bottles of sauce on the table that I could have used to doctor it up a bit.  Nonetheless, it was delicious and tender.  The ribs were coated with the pomegranate bbq sauce that was succulent and delicious.  Unfortunately, the ribs weren't that meaty and what meat was on them was chewy.     (This was where the one star went...to me, a BBQ place has to have KILLER ribs...its like a rule).  That didn't stop me from sucking on the bones!  I just think I should have gone with my original instinct and gotten the pork ribs.  The sweet potato grits were incredible.  Just sweet enough and wonderfully creamy.  The hint of maple really complimented the smoke.  The brussel sprouts were delectable and  perfectly cooked. My friend's Shepherd's Pie was RICH!  The smoke from the burnt ends was definitely at the forefront of the dish.  The mashed were great and the veggies nicely crunchy.  I loved the texture differential in this dish.  The Cauliflower...oh the cauliflower!  This, next to the pork, was my favorite!  Amazingly smokey and citrusy, I cannot think of a better side to compliment such rich and wonderful flavors as smoke, brown sugar, and molasses that runs through the meal.  I could eat a VAT of this stuff.  It was about at this point in the meal that a gentleman, seemingly the manager, stopped by the table to check on us and find out if we had any questions.  Admittedly, I had asked his name but it escapes me right now.  He was very friendly and its always nice to see the management circulating and taking a genuine interest in the customers.We finished off with the strawberry turnovers.  They were pretty good, but not as sweet as I would have expected or might have liked.  The house-made vanilla ice cream was pretty damn good though.  All in all, this place was great and I can't wait to come back to try the rest of the menu.  I highly recommend it and can only hope that it will survive the curse of this location.  Make sure to ask for Clara...she will guide you though a great meal.
<review# 535,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2013,6/6/2013,236,186,4,14,8>Dada has easily become one of my favorite places on Atlantic Avenue. Their menu and style is reflective of this trendy food scene that has become known to Delray Beach. Their menu changes by season so you know you're getting the best ingredients available. What makes this place unique is their venue, which still has a homey feeling because it used to be a residence.They have a seasonal candied pork belly appetizer that I've been waiting patiently for it to be brought back. Their crab cakes, which seem to be a regular item on their menu, are also delicious and really well prepared. Their bacon-wrapped dates appetizer is a must for us and pretty much everyone who's ever had it before. Another one of my favorites is their braised beef flatbread-- delicious braised beef, water chestnut, scallions, blue cheese, and a sweet soy guava drizzle-- it's as good as it sounds! Lastly, you don't go to Dada without ordering their s'mores for dessert!Service here is pretty good-- the staff seems to find the perfect medium between casual and professional. They are all knowledgeable of the menu and I was recommended a great wine to have with my dinner.Although everyone talks about how cool the inside is because of the unique venue, but I definitely recommend sitting outside in the front or on the garden on the side. The atmosphere out there is perfect, especially when there's live music playing. Oh, speaking of music, even when there's no one performing live, they're always playing really good songs!On top of it all, Dada is open until 2AM most nights so it's a perfect choice for a late night, romantic dinner date or to just hang out with a couple of friends.
<review# 536,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2013,6/5/2013,158,135,7,14,8>We wanted to find a new place to sit outside since the weather has been so perfect, so we met up with some family here.  So glad they suggested the place because the place was GREAT !!! Even though they are known for beer, I ordered one of their special drinks, Sour Apple Martini.  I enjoyed it so much that i ended up ordering two more.  Appetizers:CEVICHE - made with white fish, shrimp and scallops marinated in lime juice with fresh veggies served with wontons.  Everyone at the table enjoyed it. FLATBREAD - margarita roasted tomato sauce, mozzarella and fresh basil.  It was delicious and everyone enjoyed this dish as well. MUSSELS - steamed mussels in a spicy tomato broth with crispy cherry peppers served with sour dough crostini.  Even though the other appetizers were good, this one was the winner.  It was so good that we ended up ordering a second serving. OK, now I was already getting full but I wanted to try their dinner, so I ordered a main dish anyway (I have big eyes).Dinner: I ordered the Bourbon Glazed Salmon marinated with a bourbon sauce served with rice and vegetables.  WOW, this dish was really good.  Salmon was not over cooked and the sauce was loaded with flavor. I will definitely come back to this place.  The waitress that we had was really friendly and came by often enough to make sure we werent running low with our drinks or need anything else.
<review# 537,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2013,6/4/2013,183,136,2,8,3>If you do not have access to a boat in South Florida - book your tickets immediately and explore the intercoastal waterways of Broward for a fraction of what it would cost to rent a boat. Whether you are local or visiting from out of the area, this is the best way to get an overview of East Fort Lauderdale's attractions not to mention you're on a BOAT! [cue T-Pain]. You can get on and off at several stops along the intercoastal and river waterways- have lunch, go for a bike ride on the beach, check out the tarpon feeding, stroll down Las Olas or have a day of bar hopping while someone else shows you the beautiful mansions and yachts of this beautiful city!The guides narrate the adventure telling stories of which celebrity or millionaire owns this mega mansion or that mega-yacht parked for millions only to get used 1x a year in a comedy way so If you are looking for a historic sterile guided tour - this is not it. i was pleased with our first guides and was on the floor LOL'ing throughout the ride.I look forward to enjoying this experience again, and can imagine this being something that we do at least 1-2x's a year moving forward!!!
<review# 538,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2012,6/3/2013,147,732,,8,3>This little diner tucked away under the Bamboo Room is a hidden gem if you want to try fast food/diner Canadian style.  Poutine is a salty gravy and cheese curds over fries, the French Canadian response to chili fries. If you've never had it before, this is the perfect place to try it, as it's some of the best that I've had outside of Canada.The trick is the cheese curds. Some places just slather cheap cheese sauce on poutine, and that's not the real deal.  Canadians who eat here tell me they come back for a taste of home regularly, because they got it right.The hot dogs and burgers are great, with all due deference to Eric W. here.  It's a wonderful place to grab a bite, particularly if you have a show at Bamboo Room. They don't serve food upstairs UNLESS you ask them to see the menu from downstairs at Poutine Dog and then apparently, you can eat with the smokers out on the porch. This goes back to my many things that the Bamboo Room does to shoot itself in the foot with customers (a discussion for another review to be sure) but since I don't like a Camel with my dog and poutine, I eat downstairs in the lovely diner that they've set up.It's great because you can see if the line starts getting long and jump in from the diner.I'd come here though, anyway, for lunch or a poutine craving, or just to grab a burger or a dog.The service was very good and personal. They have his and hers flat screen TVs, with programming for everyone.  The owner is a nice fella who loves what he does, and provides you with a whole cuisine that you probably won't find anywhere else in South Florida.  Check it out!
<review# 539,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2013,6/2/2013,108,342,3,6,3>We were looking for a local farmer's market to buy some fresh fruit and veggies. The one we went to first near our house in Fort Lauderdale was way overpriced and snooty. We decided to go elsewhere and I looked for another one on Yelp and found Brothers. Good reviews, and just a short drive to HollyHood.  As usual, the reviewers did not steer me wrong. Juicy and delicious beefsteak tomatoes for 99 cents a pound? That's 1/2 the price of Publix and these were better anyway. Also picked up a massive pineapple (think twice the size of the normal one you see) for $3.99, some greens and some other good stuff. Brother's is a little small and the aisles are narrow, but they have quality produce and the staff is nice. We will be back!
<review# 540,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/21/2013,6/1/2013,50,324,2,2,3>I went from Fort Lauderdale to Lisbon on this beautiful ship with Captain Marcus R. at the helm. We had a beautiful balcony room , 6173 , port side. for only $859 for 16 days with stops in Nassau, and two Canary Islands.While judging the ship which is just beautiful she just glided across the Atlantic, I had to consider many of it's aspects, first this was a repositioning, not a usual cruise, so the passengers are somewhat older. The food was good, the service great, but if I had the choice I would get back on the NCL EPIC WITH ALL ITS Faults and plastic flowers and plants. Beauty gets boring after the fourth day. The entertainment can not compare to the Epic or the Princess. The stops were a welcome break. The worst thing was the coffee, i tasted better dish water, the only good coffee is the cafe where half the crew runs to get a good cup if Joe. In room movies were good and room service was right on time. We ate at three of the special restaurants which came as a great break from sitting next to Mr & Mrs Droopster, with their stimulating conversation, all 10 words in 10 days. We had three formal nights but why get dressed up for just a regular dinner and just one night with lobster. The buffet was pretty good and they had a very good selection.  Yes it was worth it I won over $1000 at the casino but one must remember a cruise is a cruise and a repositioning is a repositioning , there are cutbacks. Yes I like the ship , love it no. I am a big fan of the Ruby and the Crown pricess and the fun ship is Carnival when it's not dead at sea. There is a ship for everyone just plan and ask question.Ahoy Captain Marqus R. the decks are swabbed and the plank is readySERVICE *****FOOD ***COFFEE 1/10 *ENTERTAINMENT **THE SHIP *****++RESTAURANTS ***STORES ***CASINO ***PARKING FOR WHEEL CHAIRS & WALKERS ************************************
<review# 541,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2013,5/31/2013,72,216,2,3,3>PoleStars is awesome! Susanna remembers you by name and is very laid back. She revamped her studio and her classes and instructors. They're very knowledgeable and skilled. Many students are dancers and learn pole here. The studio is clean and has 11 poles. They have a bathroom, water fountain, couch and will soon have lockers. The space between the poles is also very good. The parking is the only issue I've ever had as it's downtown Hollywood and I hate parallel parking. The only other minor gripes is that they don't always start and end on time and they're near the train tracks so at nights you can often hear the train rumbling through but otherwise it is a fun and great pole studio with awesome instructors! Also, I lost 7 lbs in a month from taking many of their classes and dieting. I will spare you the details because my weight loss was not the norm as I took two classes a day for many weeks...
<review# 542,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2012,5/30/2013,244,20,3,4,3>Everything you could ask for from a roadside hot dog stand - they've got a big menu of hot dogs, sausages, pulled pork sandwiches, sodas, and all the toppings.  I've had my ol' standby (sauerkraut & spicy mustard), the Coney dog (chili, melted cheddar cheese sauce, & raw onions), and the Chicago dog (yellow mustard, sweet neon pickle relish, raw onion, dill pickle spear, sweet peppers, & celery salt) - all were great.  Most recently, I tried the sausage, peppers, & onions - it was good, but not what I expected.  I was looking forward to a whole grilled, hot Italian sausage smothered with peppers & onions - what I got was not-so-spicy sliced sausage mixed with peppers & onions.  I almost needed a fork to eat the good stuff - not very easy to hold the sandwich.Overall, I am a repeat customer, going at least once a week.
<review# 543,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2013,5/29/2013,333,226,,5,4>A Great Find!We looked at so many stores for a lampshade that would work with the lamp we built from a basket.  After months of frustration we were told about  A Shade Better.  What a find... if you can find them.  Blink and you just drove past them.Basically, it is a small shop full of lampshades and if one of those doesn't work for you, they'll custom create one for you!!!  Months of frustration gone in two days... the time it took to have a custom shade made.  And the price... no more than what we were looking at for the ready made ones.Selection, service, value and they have a fun sense of humor, too.PS - Be sure to check their open days and hours.  They are not open every day.
<review# 544,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2013,5/28/2013,38,25,3,7,4>Ok, my fellow yelp junkie friend has been telling how he loves this lunch spot, so finally today we checked out together. I'm not a Cuban food fanatic because I'm Cuban and my son loves the carreta cuban restaurant so I'm forced to eat it all the time lol.From the outside it looks like a hole in the wall is my honest opinion, but inside its very clean which you won't expect and the restroom is immaculate! The staff is super nice, friendly and efficient. The menu prices are great, very affordable and they have about 4-5 different lunch special daily from 11am-4pm. I ordered a chicken steak with rice, beans and tostones (fried green plantains).  Immediately noticed the large portions ( specially for a lunch special) Loved the food , chicken was perfectly cooked and came with cooked onions on top, the beans had a nice homecooked taste to them  different than a lot a of Cuban restaurants. My only disappointment was the tostones, they were not nice and salty and crunchy. I think they were made with yellow plantain instead and frankly i didn't care for them at all. My friend ordered with sweet plantains and i didn't try them but they looked awesome. All in all i will go back again, if they make up for the tostones I will update to 5 stars lol.
<review# 545,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2013,5/27/2013,99,169,3,7,1>I can't believe I haven't written a review for Rebel House yet. Well, maybe I can. We went on the second night it was open. We loved it. We were selfishly hoping we could keep it our little secret. Of course, then we told anyone who would listen how much we loved it. This is NOT the place for the super-healthy, gym rat, I-Can't-Eat-That-Do-You-Know-How-Much-Fat-Is-In-­That crowd. Here's litmus test: Ask yourself, does the idea of pork belly tater tots that melt in your mouth sound appetizing? Yes, a ball of deep fried pork fat. If yes, stop reading now. (To be fair, there are healthier choices on the menu)And the menu changes all the time, the chefs are always experimenting with new tastes. And they are usually exciting and delicious. Some of our favorite dishes; the macaroni pancake, the short ribs, the brussel sprouts and the friend rice. Don't even get me started on the goat cheese and pear tart....to die for. The only critical feedback I have is the noise level. The high ceilings and concrete floor don't do this joint any favors on a busy Saturday night. It's incredibly loud. A visit from a sound proofing pro might be in order cause forget about speaking to anyone sitting across the table. If you're feeling like a splurge on your off diet day, give this place a try. You won't be disappointed.
<review# 546,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2013,5/26/2013,34,78,2,8,4>This place is a hidden gem! Everything about this experience combines to make it absolute delight. The service is amazing, not what you'd expect from a cozy family-run Vietnamese restaurant. The food is truly authentic, and the chances that you will hear more Vietnamese than English are pretty high! First I'll get into the food- my favorite Vietnamese staple is pho. A good pho broth is not that easy to create, it must be aromatic and full of complex flavor. These guys do a pretty amazing job of hitting the nail on the head with it. They fill their bowl with steaming broth, tons of noodles, and they don't skimp on whatever meat or vegetable you choose! My second favorite Vietnamese staple is Bun (the vermicelli noodles). My husband ordered this, and we devoured it. In my book, if you can get pho and bun correct, than every other menu item is probably also going to be delicious!What truly made our experience wonderful was chatting with the owner. After we left we felt like we had made a new friend! He is from Vietnam, and we chatted with him about our travels to his home country, and he told us where he sources his Thai Basil and how he grows Jackfruit in his front yard. For anyone looking for a truly delightful Vietnamese food experience, make the trek to Noodle House. No, this restaurant isn't in the most happening area, and it's likely never packed to the gills on a weekend night, but it should be! This restaurant is run like a well oiled machine and they treat their patrons like family.
<review# 547,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2013,5/24/2013,430,328,7,13,6>I've been looking for some lunch spots close to my gym for a while now. After reading Megan J's review of Howie's Top Dog, I decided to scoot on over there after I left the gym and boy am I glad I did.Howies has only been open for 3 or 4 months and is located in a plaza with ample parking .The menu bit.ly/ZtJPIz is quite diverse and touches on different cultures. Whether you're looking for a gourmet dog, spud(stuffed baked potato), veggie burger, salad or one of their 100% beef hamburgers, they have it and more. I loved how they have coke, fanta sprite made with sugar instead of hfcs(high fructose corn syrup).The inside is spotless and the tables have communal benches and chairs  * FOOD ORDERED - Charboiled BBQ chicken sandwich ($4.99)bit.ly/10736FV - French fries ($2.29) bit.ly/107484S - Fanta, made with sugar ($2.00)I chose red onions, tomatoes and lettuce on my BBQ chicken sandwich.  They dress the sandwich right in front of you.The sandwich was tender, tasty and filling. Each bite was robust with flavor, the condiments and bun were super fresh. I really don't expect a fast food joint to put in the effort to maintain really fresh ingredients, but they do at Howies.The French Fries were crisp and firm, they went perfect with my BBQ Jamaican ketchup( I carry my own ketchup). Howies was not conservative with the portions at all, the container was somewhat overflowing with fries. * PLUSES  - guten free items. - vegetarian and seafood items. - they have coke, sprite, fanta made with sugar. - you choose all the condiments you want on your order. * NOTES - they have  a daily $1.00 off special(Buck off) on a single item mon-fri . - service was prompt and friendly. - perfect for a lunch spot.
<review# 548,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2012,5/23/2013,56,157,,4,1>Morikami makes you feel like you've been transported to somewhere outside Florida. When we entered and stepped down the imposing stairs and saw the expansive lake and gardens before me, all I could think was "wow!" It felt like I had entered another world. Very neat. When I first heard gardens, I was expecting huge, manicured displays of plants and flowers, similar to Butchart gardens in Victoria or other famous botanical gardens. Not the case here! Don't expect tons of flowers, just lovingly maintained landscapes in Japanese style. And that's what makes this place so special. The grounds are divided into a series of smaller gardens: a rock garden, zen garden, paradise garden etc., and various bridges and gates. There's even a funny deer chaser fountain made of bamboo. Keep your eyes peeled for turtles, koi, and birds as you walk the grounds. It seems like everywhere you turn is another lovely garden and pretty view. In the center of the gardens is a traditional Japanese style home with bonsai gardens surrounding it. Inside the home, you'll find a large rock garden and rooms devoted to explaining Japanese life and culture through exhibits. The final room in the house explains how the Yamato colony was founded in West Palm Beach, and how the gardens came to be. It was a slice of Florida history I had never known about before and very interesting.The bamboo forest is my absolute favorite part. It's so peaceful and unique. The wind whistling through the bamboo trees creates such a striking sound that you can't help but sit and listen for awhile.Take time, stop and sit for awhile on one of the many benches, and just enjoy the surroundings here. This is not a place where you rush yourself. When you enter, they give you a map that explains each of the gardens and you can leisurely walk on the easy path around the lake.An unexpected South Florida gem, and more than worth a quiet afternoon of strolling and enjoyment. Don't forget your camera, there's so many vistas here worth capturing.
<review# 549,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2012,5/22/2013,524,775,4,6,7>Shots on the Ave should be their new name. Every time a car goes the wrong way down their one way street they give free shots away to all the patrons. And surprisingly this happens OFTEN!  It's a great way to get the collective bar all on the same page.  Everyone is looking for a car going 'the wrong way' down the one way street.  And then once it happens OH boy it's like everyone won the lottery [together].Didn't eat here but found the patrons to be very nice and talkative.  Drinks were affordable and they have TV's to watch football [and by this I mean Steeler football as this is a Steeler bar].  Patrons were telling us their Taco night is amazing and that we should come back for it. Haven't been yet but would like to try.Would I go back: YES
<review# 550,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2013,5/19/2013,50,104,2,8,3>We have a huge problem in West Hollywood/East Pines.There are too many GREAT Thai places!With that said - this is my new FAVORITE. The BEST of the BEST!Hubby and I went in fairly hungry. Not starving, but hungry.  Here is what we had, and I have to hang my head in shame and admit...that...we...ate...EVERYTHING. Yes. Short of licking our plates, we had no leftovers. And not for lack of food - there was LOTS. Enough that I thought we would have leftovers for lunch for both of us. But. We. Could. Not. Stop. Eating.Thai Tea - perfect.Tom Kha - Excellent. Perfect ratio of sour to sweet to hot to creamy. If you have never had this soup try it - it's amazing. I refuse to share, so we got two.This soup is why I want to go to Thailand!Panang Beef Curry - The perfect blend of spices - we asked for medium heat and it was spot on. Hot, but you could still taste your food. The heat lingered, but not in a burn your mouth kinda way. More of a OMG that was so good I need to eat more kinda way. It was full of beef and sliced peppers.Pad Thai Chicken- Excellent and full of flavor. This is a simple dish, but executed perfectly.Thai Donuts - I vetoed these, but hubby has to get them whenever we get Thai. They were good, and thanks to them we had to roll ourselves out of the restaurant!All that for $45. Not bad at all!The ambiance is nice - not dark enough for my tastes, but welcoming to everyone, couples, families with kids, and large parties. The pineapple fried rice seems to be their signature item (it is served in a pineapple) and I think we will have to get it next time.Oh - beware of their hours - the first time I tried to come here it was in between their lunch and dinner service, and they close for about two hours, so call ahead if you are going for a late lunch or early dinner!
<review# 551,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2013,5/18/2013,253,122,6,10,7>When it comes to donuts, I've never really got them from anywhere else other than Dunkin and Krispy Kreme. And thanks to Yelp and Blue A., this would be my first experience trying specialty donuts.I've tried Nutella and Bacon donut. yelp.com/biz_photos/mojo… Looks a bit messy, but omg i never know bacon and nutella can go so well together! And all that on top of a soft, slight chewy donut is just heaven! I wanted to eat a dozen of them but I was on a low carb diet. :(I also got a Pina Colada donut. It taste just like it! The coconut shavings really added a nice texture on to of the flavor. I wish they make a non virgin version of this! The only other small wish is that i wish all the filling are on top of the donut instead of all stuffed into the donut hole in the center.Apple Fritters and Red Velvet where top of the list from fellow Yelpers. Unfortunately they were sold out when I was there. Definitely for next time.They open at 6AM and close whenever they are out of donuts. The super awesome and friendly owner Shawn (sorry if I spell your name wrong!) says there are lines forming around 10AM and usually sells out around 4-5PM. So get your donuts early!Also their coffee if pretty good, couple of bucks and with refills. This is a great place to start your day.There are 24 Hour and LA Fiteness near by, for those of you who got the membership, you might not have to worry as much when you wolf down those deliciousness!
<review# 552,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2013,5/17/2013,22,27,2,9,6>Obviously the 1-5 star system is relative. This is not some fancy establishment, but holy moly is it good! It's grilled cheese for Pete's sake. I'm incredibly biased when it comes to any dish that includes cheese, so this place earned a few stars before I even walked in the door. It's in the back of a yogurt shop, with only a few tables. The staff was very friendly and prompt. I asked about the best sandwiches, but I kind of already had in mind what I wanted. Luckily the two suggested were the two I wanted to try. A friend and I ordered the Blue Buffalo and the Brooklyn Porkster and switched halves. Both were ridiculously delicious. My two favorite tastes are pickles and blue cheese. The Blue had tons of melty blue cheese, buffalo chicken, and cheddar too. The Porkster had cheddar, grilled onions, yummy BBQ pulled pork, and crispy pickles. I can't decide which I like better. SO GET BOTH!! I will definitely go back, although I got french fries and I was too full. Next time, no french fries and I'll try the Mac and Cheese grilled cheese.
<review# 553,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2013,5/16/2013,152,348,3,6,4>I've driven past this Greek joint pretty much my entire life. I've always seen the "pastries" sign and wondered, "Do they have baklava?" So I stopped in, and it was baklava heaven. There were 4-6 different versions of baklava. One is shredded, one is layered, one has walnuts, the other has chocolate drizzle. The possibility is endless and Oh, the choices. So I picked out three pieces, a layered triangle (I consider this one the most known), the shredded and the rolled one with chocolate. They were all delicious. If you haven't had baklava before, you need it. Gotta have it. Go get it....The employee working there (might have been the owner?) was extremely friendly and gave me all the details I wanted to know about their menu items. I noticed they had meat pies and I took that puppy home for a try. She told me that everything is hand made in the restaurant, and you could tell. I walked out smelly strongly of fresh onions and roasting meat. Jonathan and I tried the meat pie and it was great. It's very similar to an empenada but flat and rectangular with different spices and filo dough for the crust. I think next time I'll add a little powdered sugar to the top.I think this is an essential stop whenever I come by from now on.
<review# 554,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2013,5/15/2013,12,69,1,3,2>Best garden center I've ever seen. I have lived in three states, owned five homes and have always done my own gardening. I have never seen a garden center as nice, neat, well stocked, or with such a healthy variety of plants as this one. This place has an impressive selection and is abundantly stocked with the healthiest and freshest looking plants. Many of selections are available in multiple sizes. I've recently been to Lowes, Home Depot, and two other garden centers in the area and believe me when I tell you, there is no comparison in the selection, neatness, or the seemingly wellness of every shrub, palm, vine or flower for sale on the property. As for price, not only did just about every plant selection look better than anywhere else, they appeared to actually be priced better. Whether you are interested in one plant or a complete landscape makeover, I definitely recommend you try this place. If your landscaper is doing your dirty work for you, tell them to buy your plants here as opposed to supplying you goods that look like they were leftovers form someone else's job. You may have to duck a plane or two while you shop here given the proximity to the airport, but it's well worth a little noise. Some may stand out like a sore thumb, this place stands out like a green thumb. Kudos to those that run this place; job well done! Can't wait to plant. I may dream in color tonight.
<review# 555,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2013,5/14/2013,196,739,3,3,3>It was fun times at the UYE: Cinco de Mayo Brunch that happened yesterday.  There was a group of us and most of us stayed until 3 in the afternoon.  It must have been those bottomless mimosas, the food, and the company of one another that kept us there.  I ended up deciding on having the Hangover Part Tres "without the hangover".  The sandwich was served between French toast burger buns, sausage, cheese, and eggs with a side of mashed home fries.  It was truly the ultimate size and I did not leave a bite on my plate.  A friend gave me her leftover French toast to take home, which we had for dessert last night.  Oh so good!  It's a good thing that this place isn't in our area or we would probably be there every single damn weekend.  Our waitress was busy and it took a little while to get our orders in, but it was worth the wait.  They have an outdoor area as well.  I wouldn't mind coming back here again for brunch, lunch, or dinner.
<review# 556,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2013,5/13/2013,25,45,,5,4>So impressed. I had no idea this place even existed until recently. I was wondering on Las Olas looking for a good place for dinner with my parents when with the help of my yelp app (YAY!) i found Asia Bay. We sat outside over looking the water. The ambiance makes you feel like you are in a completely different city. It was cold so they had the space heaters on adding even more charm. We each ordered a glass of wine and wonton soup. I will have to say that it might have been one of  my favorites if not my favorite. Then we ordered the spring roll (very tasty) and the sea bass in curry. The sea bass was definitely the BEST part of the entire meal! There was a large selection of different curry's so we ended up choosing the one with coconut milk. It was a tad bit spicy but excellent in flavor. The only downfall of that first visit was the food took a little to long to come out. But once it did, man was the wait worth it!I loved the food so much that I went back this time with my boyfriend for date night. We sat outside again (I really think outside is the way to go, so much more romantic and cozy)  We had hot sake (it was my first time so it was a tad bit interesting but the more I sipped it the more it grew on me. I had the seafood soup (amazing! had a good combination of real fish, octopus, shrimp, mussels) and my date had the miso soup (also very tasty)For the main meal we repeated the sea bass. So worth it! This time they added some peanuts and potato. AMAZING!I recommend Asia Bay to anyone and everyone now. Such a  great  location, great food, giant portions (I would never order more then one entree for two or even three people) and relatively inexpensive. Definitely going back!
<review# 557,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2013,5/12/2013,695,2029,11,21,11>I had my first visit to Kaluz and it was a real pleasure. I'm not sure the exact origin of their rather none descriptive name other than I was told that the "K" is derived from the name of the owners main restaurant located in Argentina, the "al" and the "uz" from letters in the name of the owners sons.It's located on a splendid Intracoastal waterfront location formerly being that of Stan's and the old toss your peanut shells on the floor Roadhouse, however, those former structures were completely demolished and Kaluz definitely stands as one of the finer architecturally designed establishments with a simple understated classy type of modern decor about it. It has inside and out side bar areas, an inside dinning area as well as an outside patio dinning area, boat docking with an attendant to assist with docking lines, courtesy valet parking and a superlative professional informative and helpful wait staff which I found surprising since they just opened.Though the splendors of my waterfront view were ruinously shattered by a fat lady in an ill fitting as well as ill suited bikini who while disembarking a boat suffer a major wardrobe failure exposing my delicate eyes to her pendulous mammary glands, the basic Intracoastal view along with ambiance it affords is about as good as it gets. Checking my Yelp I see that Kaluz already has a solid five star rating but you can put a grain of salt in that in that three of those are obviously not only one time but also first time reviews, written in similar style and the others with a rather questionable history of  Five Stars ratings unless you're willing to believe second rate sub shops and big chain Longhorns restaurants are Five Star deserving.Hence my off hand opinion that thy're either bogus or simply irrelevant. It's shame that's being done under the name of Yelp because Kaluz is good enough on its own without any need for falsification as to its quality. I started off with the ceviche and to my delight it turned out to be one of the best cerviches ever and was served with perfect presentation. For my entree I had the grilled sword fish with herb butter and green beans. Again, nicely presented with both having been perfectly prepared. I also had a couple of their bar margaritas which were good but at $12 a piece I would have either expected better or at less of a price. Basically since I've only eaten here once to date I'm not about to give it my coveted Five Stars particularly since the competition across the canal such as Sea and Blue Moon are both somewhat superior food wise in uniqueness of preparation, taste, quality and general bang for the buck. However, I have little problem giving Kaluz a solid Four Star approval.
<review# 558,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2012,5/11/2013,41,74,5,7,1>Hola Casa Maya.  Let me count the ways I love you.  1. Chicken Soup that is more like a meal in a bowl. 2) Corn Salsa that is so good that if you put it on your head you would get a concussion...because your tongue would knock you silly trying to get to it. 3) Super fresh ceviche.  And 4) Some of the nicest wait staff in town.We love coming here.  Everyone is so nice and the food is so good. The Casa Maya  burrito steak is served in a sauce of slow-stewed tomatoes, onions and peppers with melted cheese.  I love it.  It is fantastic.The Al Carbon steak soft tacos are my back-up and definitely won't disappoint.  You have to be careful of one thing...don't eat too many chips and salsa (especially the corn salsa).  Crazy addictive.  So when you feel like you want to cross the boarder but don't want to drive to far...visit Casa Maya.
<review# 559,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2013,5/10/2013,68,199,1,3,2>This place is probably the best Greek food in town, but the service can be slow if there are a large number of tables filled. The folks who work there are friendly and helpful, but sometimes other customers' behavior of running the server around can make your service a little delayed.1. The hummus is freshly made, and the pita are nice and warm. When we came in, they were offering it as a "free during this time" offer. Maybe we caught the end of "hummus happy hour"?2. The stuffed grape leaves (dolmathikia?) are huge and delicious and come with that wonderful citrus-dill sauce and lemon wedges. 3. The gyro platter is enormous and delicious! All the stuff to make a gyro, deconstructed on a plate. It also comes with a couple of thick fried potato wedges. 4. The moussaka is pretty darned good, and the definition of comfort food. The portion is quite large and would have been completely filling on its own-- but I had appetizers and couldn't finish it. Yum!5. I love the kitschy Greek interior. On one side, there's a Greek seaside town, with cute little houses and fishing boats. On the other, a large mural of Zorba mid-dance by the shore. In between, marble topped delicatessen tables with simple chairs, with a view of the string of lights hanging outside above the outside dining. It's a strip mall restaurant, so it needs a little extra charm to make it feel like a restaurant atmosphere.
<review# 560,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2012,5/9/2013,296,502,6,13,12>The last time I came to MK was probably around 1997. Yes, it's been a while since then.Not much has changed. It was exactly as I remembered. Mai-Kai screams TOURIST TRAP. It oozes it everywhere you look. It was because of this that I was apprehensive to go back. What I did not remember, however, was how good the food actually was. I have to say I WAS VERY SURPRISED. You know what else? the service rocked! These are the items we had:Pupu platterMusselsLobster Mac N CheeseLinguini seafood specialRibeye and mashed potatoesI enjoyed the crab rangoon the most out of all the other things the pupu platter brings. The other things were just too fried for my taste. The lobster and linguini were just amazing. We all kept stealing off each others plates. The ribeye which is cooked in a Chinese oven was just a shocker for me mostly because a well cooked steak is not what I expect from this restaurant. The oven cooks the ribeye by inserting a hook inside of it and the sides never touch the flames. All I know is it was delicious. We sat in the upper tier on one of the sides in the front row. The view was perfect from there. The show was nice and enjoyable. We brought wine with us which they opened, and served properly. I also tried their Piña Passion and I absolutely loved it as well. We took a stroll through the gardens and waterfalls in the back after dinner. When you do, you walk by the Chinese ovens which they have through a viewing glass. Because Mai Kai is so over top with the decor and show, I would not consider returning too often. It really is a great place for out of towners. That said, I will definitely not let 15 years go by before I return. I will keep this in mind for special occasions or just several times a year as a special and different treat.
<review# 561,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2013,5/8/2013,39,44,1,4,2>Meet what is destined to be the business that finally lasts in this spot at 3rd & 3rd.  This spot seemed cursed for a time with business after business coming through and none of them really being able to make it.  And it's to say this is a bad spot. Sure it is a little hidden but it has ample parking off the busy Ave and the inside has just had a great layout the entire time, spotlighted by the wonderful bar int he middle.  Owner and chef JP was finally the one that took this bar full of endless potential and did something great with it.The vibe is modern and maybe even a touch of class when you first walk in but things are incredibly casual there.  The bartenders are relaxed in black tees and jeans and when you have a relaxed staff it shows.  They are attentive and helpful.The beer selection is quite good with 5 different beers on draft and word is that it is expanding to 10 soon.  The rest of the beer is all in cans.  This is a nice little quirk to the place with the popularity of craft beer in cans skyrocketing.  They also offer a full bar with wine and liquor selections.And with a chef of the quality of JP in charge you must expect great things coming out of the kitchen.  My recommendation is go with a few friends, buy a few different dishes and share.  The dishes by themselves for one person may be a bit small but with a few people sharing a few dishes will fill up pretty quickly.  The burger is seared to perfection, the skewers are mouthwatering and the duck confit is out of this world.  Though I haven't had it (yet) more than a couple of my friends have expressed their total satisfaction over the pork sandwich.Prices are a tiny bit high but you are paying for great quality food here.  And as I said if you take a few people it makes things better even for your wallet.In the short time that 3rd & 3rd has been open it has already garnered a buzz.  Most weekend nights are quite busy with the bar filling up rather quickly.  With great food and drinks it's no wonder people are traveling off the Ave to come here.
<review# 562,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2012,5/7/2013,46,288,,5,1>Amelia's Smarty Plants is the first garden center I've visited in Florida that reminds me of the gardener's nirvana that is my California home. Let's start with open on the weekend (so many Floridian garden centers are closed on the weekend -- mind boggling), friendly and knowledgeable staff, and perfectly manicured store and garden. Add onto that an expansive selection of plants big and small, including both beautiful exotics and a VERY impressive selection of Florida native plants and you have a winner. The frosting on this cake is the design eye of the owner. Their most recent display includes massive coral stone boulders, which are absolutely fabulous. Careful as you drive by -- their landscaping is so superbly done, you could almost miss the place: the center is surrounded by large natural hedges and stone work, making for a serene, truly garden-like experience. This place is my new favorite -- kudos, Amelia & friends!
<review# 563,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2011,5/6/2013,39,76,,8,3>When quality work and customer service seem to be going the way of the Dodo bird, it's nice to find a place like Superior Tint to restore one's faith in local, small business.  I visited Superior Tint today and for the first time ever, after decades of car ownership, I decided to have both my cars tinted. A local coupon and some nice comments on YELP helped clinch the deal. It was a pleasure meeting the owner Jason, who took the time to explain things to a rookie like me in a very friendly and patient manner.  Both cars looked great when completed and Jason urged me to come back if any problems should ever turn up. In the remote chance anything does, I feel very confident Superior Tint and Jason will be there as promised. It doesn't get any easier or more professional than this. When my son drives in from college for the holidays, he'll have a nice gift waiting...a visit with his car to Superior Tint.
<review# 564,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2013,5/5/2013,442,433,,8,6>THE BEST ITALIAN FOOD OUTSIDE OF ITALY!This is as authentic as it gets, folks. Giovanna has a God-given talent for cooking, baking and making you feel like part of the family. (I wish she was my Grandma for real.) Show up for lunch between 11:30 and 2:00 and prepare to feast on a fresh and ever-changing menu of Italian magic. She cooks whatever is market-fresh and she's in the mood to make. Today, on the menu was Red Bean & Spinach Soup, Veggie Farfalle Boscaiola, Chicken Marsala and Focaccia Bread followed by Cappuccino and an array of baked delights. We were served family-style and didn't want to waste a bite. Anything we couldn't fit in our stomachs, we asked to take home in boxes. I'm not exaggerating at all when I say I had some of the best-tasting food of my life. Especially the sweet stuff.And how much will this unforgettable food experience cost you? A mere $11. That's it! BOTTOM LINE: This is one offer you can't refuse.
<review# 565,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2013,5/4/2013,440,356,,9,3>I absolutely loved this place. Planning our company holiday party was a little nerve-racking. I had a few places in mind but this one stood out from the beginning. First, I have to say the atmosphere and decoration in this place is amazing. Classy and intimate. Service is great. For our holiday party we reserved the Bar Patio and Left side of the Bar. I was a little nervous so I arrived early and to my surprise they had our section reserved and everything well organized. We had several waiters and the manager was there to assist with everything. We had approximately 40 individuals attending. We decided to order: Tanzy Buffet "Portofino" PackageWe had the option of 2 Passed Hors d'oeuvres, 3 House Entrées, 2 DessertsFor the d'oeuvres we selected:Meatball and Garlic Crostini- This one was my fav. It was delicious. Chicken Satay with Garlic Aioli- This one was a little tough to eat. Did not like it to much. Our Entrees we decided to get:Old World Chicken Piccata- YUM! Pan Seared Branzino- YUM!!! Braised Beef Short Rib- OMG THE BEST! This was amazing! I am not much of a dessert person so I did not try this but it all looked great. We had two options Tartufo and TiramisuWith our package we were all given 2 vouchers for premium drinks. Love their drinks! Over all this holiday party was a success! Everyone in the office loved it and Tanzy was a blast. I would definitely consider to reserving Tanzy for future events.
<review# 566,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2013,5/3/2013,78,91,5,11,7>OH WOW!!!!  Amazing!!!  I have been searching long and hard for a restaurant that serves decent Indian Cuisine.  Decent???  Nah.... This is AMAZING!!!  Going off of a hankering craving for Indian food tonight, my sister and I yelped the place we usually go and got disappointed with the reviews.  First off, we have gotten take out from this other place 3 times already.  Although very good, we wanted to try something different... and possibly closer.  Therefore, we yelped and when you yelp you shall receive!!!  We found this little gem.  Take out was the name of the game tonight (Which was perfect because the eating in portion of this place is relatively small, yet packed tonight).  We ordered an array of naan bread, chicken tikka masala, Lamb Rogan Josh, Channa Masala.... where do I even begin?  So we ordered it spicy... and if you like spicy, expect spicy!!  Woo..... cleared my sinuses tonight.  But oh my goodness.  Let's start with the Chicken tikka Masala..... by far my favorite dish.  Sweet, yet spicy, and the chicken was tender.  The Channa was amazing, probably the spiciest dish... but when you dip the naan in the masala sauce.... yeah.... heaven.  Ridiculous.  The lamb was soooooo tender, melt in your mouth delicious.  I'm not considering opening the fridge and grabbing another bite.  Would I go back?  DUH!  Would I recommend to a friend?  Uhhhhh double DUH!!  Best Indian Cuisine that I have found in South Florida!!!!!!
<review# 567,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2011,5/2/2013,58,81,4,9,5>Why, hello, Eats Good 33!?! I am pleased to have discovered your fantastic bistro style lunch establishment thanks to fabulous Yelp! Eats Good 33 is located on McNab Rd. in a business park in N.W. Ft. Lauderdale; a location one wouldn't come to associate for a restaurant that serves a fusion of Venezuelan flavors with American light bistro. As it turns out this place is only open for breakfast and lunch Monday - Friday. They do not serve dinner. This serves to give you a sense of what type of establishment we're dealing with here. Needless to say Eats Good 33 is frequented by those who are a bit more educated and a bit more adventurous when it comes to their local area. Everything is fresh and made to order. Their soups are prepared daily. In fact, looking to get my daily dose of leafy greens, I first had the spinach soup. Not cream of spinach but actual spinach soup. Not overpowering whatsoever and quite warmly satisfyingly healthy and scrumptious all over. YUM! For my main meal I ordered an arepa from their vast array of choices. I decided to go for the pabellon arepa: stuffed with shredded beef, white cheese, black beans, and sweet plantains. The flavors combined with the starchy arepa is perfect - it's a whole "mini" meal if you know what I mean.The service is good, but come early and prepare to wait for your food because the food is made to order and it gets crowded at lunch. The place has an open layout and kitchen, which serves to lighten the place up and lends it some decent credibility.
<review# 568,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2012,5/1/2013,41,84,2,6,5>Ok this is my new favorite Thai Place! Being that I'm Viet I can never get enough of ethnic food and since there are virtually no Viet places to eat I opt often for Thai or Indian. When I go out I usually order seafood since I don't eat meat. Since this place is a mix of sushi and thai there was  really good selection of yummy thngs. The place is pretty small but on a late Friday evening it was farily still busy. I was checking out the decor in the place and liked all the little details. Our waitress was pleasant and recommend some appetizers that turned out pretty good. We then ordered a combo of dishes that included sushi and noodles. I'm a fan of the think noodles -  not pad thai like everyone seems to like but the pad ew sew. We got this in a seafood mixture. It was pretty good. We also got a sushi roll which off the top of my head I can't remember. Overall, I liked my Friday dining experience and would go back to try some different dishes.  Everyone was friendly and the location is close to me so all in all a great thai place that I'd check out again.
<review# 569,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2013,4/30/2013,342,260,,6,5>YAY!  A real Mexican tamale!!  We've been all over the area trying to find legitimate Mexican food and there was none to be had.We found that virtually all the restaurants that weren't fast food chains said "Mexican/Spanish."  I've got a bulletin for them - they aren't the same thing.  The two cuisines have practically nothing in common other than a similar language.  Every time I ordered a tamale, I cringed when they asked me what kind of meat I wanted "on" it.  A Mexican tamale has the meat IN it! When we stumbled across this taqueria by pure coincidence at lunch time, we started by reading the Yelp reviews.  We found that, across the board, it was labeled as real Mexican food.  While I won't say it's the best Mexican food I've had, it's certainly the best I've had in So. FL.  The tacos Al Pastor were very good, and I loved the fresh pineapple spear.  The carne asada taco was a bit dry.  Next time, we'll try the enchiladas.I wish they'd had some combo plates that came with sides, but no such luck.  Also, the tacos were bare, they needed something for moisture. The salsa that came with the chips (which needed to be warm, saltier and considerably thinner) wasn't the right fit for the tacos.Also, if you don't like cilantro - be sure to say something.  The only thing on the taco was a mountain of cilantro and I'm talking Pikes Peak.  None of us like cilantro and spent the first 10 min. laboriously picking it off the tacos and mounding it up on the plate.But overall, I like this little place and we'll be back to sample some of the other fare.
<review# 570,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2013,4/29/2013,287,564,3,5,3>This is hands-down the best Thai food I have ever eaten!! Stopped in for their lunch menu on a Sunday afternoon. The decor is absolutely beautiful. From the minute you walk in and are greeted by the hostess, it is a five-star experience! In addition, to beautiful decor, there is soft music playing in the background--perfect ambiance for date night, dining with friends or family! I started off with the cucumber soup which is absolutely delicious! So refreshing and light, yet flavorful! I ordered the Spicy Basil Chicken and Tofu. Each entree on the menu comes with a side of rice and pad thai. The pad thai was cooked to perfection and tasted better than pad thai I have had anywhere else! The flavors for the entire dish surpassed my expectations! My friend ordered the Kung Pao and she also loved her dish!  I've found a new favorite for Thai in Boynton!! From excellent service to the perfect ambiance to my meal, it was all EXCELLENT!
<review# 571,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2013,4/28/2013,402,320,,5,2>I came last night for their grand opening.  I met a bunch of friends at this fancy schmancy location.  I walked in and found my friends sitting at one of the long tables in the front.  Immediately, I began skimming the menu for the vegetarian friendly items.Normally, German restaurants have very few selections for the non-meat eaters.  This place is just about in the same boat.  However, they do have a few options.  I started out by ordering the side item of fried zucchini straws that came with some chili dipping sauce (see pic).  It was greasy and good.  I do wish that it were a larger serving for $7.  I would safely bet that was not an entire zucchini in the little dish.  Next, I ordered a side of polenta and gorgonzola fries.  I believe this was a "soft" opening because they did not actually have this item in the kitchen.  Instead, I accepted the alternative of fries with melted machego (another $7 for Spanish cheese on french fries..).  It was okay.   Finally, I ended the evening with a chocolate soufflé.  This was good.  The food selection is very limited to vegetarians.  Their menu specified, "Changes and modifications politely declined."  I would suggest for the non-meat eaters to not come hungry. However, it is okay to come thirsty.  They have a huge beer selection in their very large beer glasses.  The staff was extremely nice and friendly.  The waitresses were dressed in a dirndl and looked adorable.  However, their attire did not really match the upscale décor.  I did not think much about it until a friend had pointed that out.  After he said that, I looked around and completely agreed.  Anyway, I found this place to be a very nice and stylish.  The owners obviously put a lot of money into building this place out because it is gorgeous.  I am looking forward to their happy hour specials.  I would not mind becoming the drunken local hanging out at the bar all the time.
<review# 572,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2011,4/27/2013,20,14,,5,3>At the top of the menu reads:  "Today's Menu:  Take it or Leave It!"...and its true, the menu changes all the time, depending on what's freshly available that day, which means I get surprised everytime I stop by (which is not enough). They serve food for the body and soul. The ladies who run this eclectic place don't take themselves too seriously, but take the cooking seriously.  Everything is flavorful and fresh!   The immediate atmosphere is welcoming, easy going and familiar. You won't find any pretentiousness here.  The food can beat any high priced restaurant on Las Olas, but without any of that attitude. That's refreshing.  My new years resolution?  To better nourish my body and soul here more often. This secret-not-so-secret gem of a place is located off the beaten path on 11th street.  I can't recommend any particular dish because the menu changes daily (depending on what fresh ingredients they have) - check the menu on the wall as you enter the door.  Casual, laid back, quality and fresh are words that come to mind.  Only open during school days (yes another quirk).  I love this place.
<review# 573,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2011,4/26/2013,138,352,4,3,2>This place is awesome.A little hidden gem off from the craziness of downtown.Its amazing how much this place can offer in such a small package. If your tired of the usual corporate coffee places, you need to check this place out. The baristas are very knowledgeable and friendly and have no problem helping you with your order. Their are tons of things on the menu from awesome beers to expressos to yummy cupcakes. I tried some insane brew of expresso ice coffee. It was probably the strongest thing i have ever drank. I didn't know wither to climb a mountain or go into cardiac arrest.  Just kidding! But seriously, the coffee is as awesome as the hip atmosphere. Where else can you find a coffeehouse in South Florida that offers awesome beers and has a coffee machine that looks like a futuristic flying machine? Check this place out! You won't be disappointed, just really energetic.
<review# 574,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2009,4/25/2013,34,28,2,4,2>I always get a giggle out of strolling through Jezebel's. The silly band-aid collection they stock (such as bacon & pirate prints) is always good for a conversation starter (excuse me, is that a slab of bacon on your arm??) & the handful of quirky items (such as the Virgin Mary car freshners & the  cupcake flavored dental floss) make fun party favors or stocking stuffers. They also have some really funny cards that you won't find in your local Hallmark & a small section of vintage clothes in the back of the store. I usually stop in Jezebel's once a month or so & I almost always leave with some sort of fun purchase.
<review# 575,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/19/2011,4/24/2013,51,155,,4,2>I've been wanting to come here since I saw this was the No.1 place in my hometown after joining Yelp... so when I finally got the chance to visit my family, I decided that would be the time!To The Moon is on a main street in Wilton Manors. It is a small store, so you have to keep your eye out for it. We parked in front and walked on in.It is about the size of a small pizza parlor and is chock full of candies. Floor to ceiling candies. Indeed, they DO have over 100 kinds of black licorice, and over 100 chocolate bars. They have a ton of bulk candy, sugar free candies, foreign candies, and naughty gifts.So after browsing for 20 minutes and getting help from the awesome owner, I bought over $20 worth of candies. I got some chocolate-covered potato chips, a chocolate-key-lime bar, two old candies from Germany that have been made since the 1800s, cherry mash (?), some cherry and marzipan bar, grape mentos, and a cake-pop, which was a small red velvet bundt cake on a pretzel stick covered in white and dark chocolate.I'd come back again, it was good, just a little expensive for my candy-loving ass.
<review# 576,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2013,4/23/2013,360,368,6,6,6>Just Plain Amazing!So my friend set up a dinner at Rustic Inn for 18 of us. He wanted a place that was kid friendly and where he knew the food was good. Off we went and I'm ashamed to say I've been here only once and it was maybe 26 years ago:( I decided to get fake mustaches for everyone to make it fun for the kids and the adults too. My friend showed up with a pink wig on and I knew we were in for a great night. All I can say is that it was Foodpalloza. With a bill topping a grand we ate like kings, queens, princes, and princesses. Our server was Fredy and this guy worked his ass off. With 10 kids in our party with ages running from 4 to 16 that alone would make a server crumble and tremble with fear lol. He was fearless and efficient. We had beer flowing and a all kinds of food. Peel and eat shrimp, conch fitters, garlic golden crabs, garlic king crab legs, regular king crab legs, garlic Dungeness crab, snow crab, fries, and a seafood pasta dish. With a mallet in hand I went crazy. Everything we had was so damn good. The crab legs were cooked perfect and I just love the garlic butter. I could go on and on about this place and how great it is. I highly recommend this place. Remember to tell them Dan sent you and Stay Hungry!
<review# 577,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2013,4/21/2013,38,38,2,6,4>I thoroughly enjoyed sitting at the bar and talking to Dan, the owner...and especially trying 3 craft beers that were new to me, Ballast Point Sculpin IPA, Thomas Creek Chocolate Orange IPA, and Blue Point's Old Howling Bastard Barley-Wine Style Strong Ale (Yum!). Dan's enthusiasm is obvious and his advice to start out with a lighter brew and work my way up to the Strong Ale was spot on.I was the lucky one that ordered the Korean Style Short Ribs...of the dishes we sampled they ended up being my favorite. They were cooked to tender perfection and I honestly thought they had been finished on the grill but Dan assured me he didn't have one...not yet! I also enjoyed the side order of duck fat potato salad; it was the perfect complement to the meaty ribs.The "Dorris Sausage" that my wife ordered was a very flavorful house-made Italian sausage with perfect texture and a good snap when you bit into it. She also really enjoyed her silky Parsnip Au Gratin topped with a crispy cheese crust.I did get to sample the Pork Belly and the Kimchi as well and I thought the belly could have used a little more cooking time but had good flavor and I absolutely loved the Kimchi! I think I said something like "I could eat that stuff by the gallon!"The place still has a new feel to it and the service may have felt a little too casual to some Boca diners but I came away feeling like I had met two new friends. Dan and his wife were very hospitable and I wish them well in their venture. It's not hard to imagine this place being packed with food lovers as word gets out!
<review# 578,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2013,4/20/2013,287,379,4,8,6>Worth coming here, especially for the happy hour! Now it is really a 4.5, but we had such exceptional service that Kapow! deserve the 5 star review. Decided to host a UYE upon the recommendation of Yelper phenom, Greshka.  After receiving a robust response to the UYE, I decided to make a reservation for 15 people. It was a pleasure dealing with the staff on the phone, who were more than happy to accommodate our large party on a Friday night during happy hour. Upon arrival, our table was ready, and the service was prompt. Eager to take advantage of the half off apps for happy hour, we tried the edamame, gyoza, and vegetable dumplings. All of which were delicious.  We also ordered  the chicken skin, which was good, but could have been more seasoned. We also ordered a couple of bao and sliders all of which were delicious. (Note the bao only have two per plate). We also ordered noodle soups (pork and chicken).  The noodles were pretty tasty, although a bit pricey and are large enough that you could probably be split if you order the apps. The draft beer list is small, but selective and well rounded including a variety of ales, IPA's and lagers. The bottled craft beer selection is more diversified (about 20) and there are even gluten free beers available. Overall a wonderful experience with my friends and fellow Yelpers!  Thanks so much to Glenn, Marisol,Marques, Greshka and all the Yelpers who came and help make the UYE a success.
<review# 579,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2012,4/16/2013,187,216,1,5,5>This small restaurant located in a small little shopping plaza nestled in between a Subway, Dunkin Donuts and Domino's Pizza on the south side of Pines Blvd.  This no more than 10-12 small table restaurant packs tons of flavor and a staff that is very attentive...family owned.  It shows...I can now officially call this my local 'Taqueria.'  Already cannot wait to go back!The freshly made tortilla chips that they offer are incredible.  Each chip is crunchy and tasty...They are made with thick tortillas...  They are strong enough to pick up that thick ol' guacamole that won't fight with you and your chip and eventually break your chip all apart!yelp.com/biz_photos/9Aty…The burrito that they serve is nearly the size of my 12 shoe! (While writing this thought, I just read another review sizing the burrito to a 13!).  Guess I'm not the only one that thought this about their burrito.  The burrito is extremely flavorful and the filling mixes and matches well with every aspect of your palate to create a taste explosion with every bite.  The Carne Asada (Steak) is extremely tender and marinated well matched up with some rice, beans and cheese, finished with a lil' bit of pico de gallo.  I ordered for it to be wet and drenched with their goodness...yelp.com/biz_photos/9Aty…The authenticity is well displayed in everything that they serve.  The enchiladas drenched in their creamy sauce that is not overly spicy is also delicious.  The Habanero Cream sauce is so delicious I wished I had a whole loaf of bread to soak up the rest of the plate...But I'm sure the tortillas are better fit... =)  The enchiladas were filled with shredded chicken breast drenched with the sauce along with a side of rice and beans.  YuM YuM!!yelp.com/biz_photos/9Aty…
<review# 580,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2013,4/15/2013,48,93,1,11,4>Credit due where it deserves: Discovered only because of Yelp and the Yelpers who wrote and rated this place so high. Another motivation was to try their Sugarcane juice that we like so much. The moment you enter you know this is family owned store. Every one works and responds like they are talking to family. All I could hear was people talking in Spanish (I think) and there were lot of people some sitting at the few tables and some queued up. I was like a child lost in Candy world. I remember my head going "what the hell, why din't I come here before". There were sweets and delicacies all over the store no matter where you stood. The only little problem I had was that since everything was in Spanish, which I  don't understand much, and some items not labelled I engaged whoever was standing nearby in some intense Q&A. I did mention this to owner and he was happy to work on that suggestion. I din't want to end up all sweet items. Well what do I know, I still ended up doing that. After getting to know most of the items in english, we decided to try something that looked good. LOL. It was not an easy decision at all. I wished they had a sampler kind of thing because they have soooo many items. Ended up getting Sugar Cane juice- it was amazing and fresh, Coconut flan- best ever that I've had, and something called Marta Rocha- just blew the mind away. Was extremely sweet, but of course and fresh. The owner who was also at the cash register, helped me immensely and I had to tell him that we'd come back for other items next time. I told him it was my first time at the store and he asked how I heard of them. I proudly told him through Yelp. He showed me a letter they had received from Yelp about how cool Yelpers thought they were. Don't know why, but he was surprised that he got customers through Yelp. I guess that may be because not everyone mentioned it to them. Overall amazing food and sweets. They were fresh and lots of items to choose from. And did I mention how cheap it was. Realistically cheap. The family atmosphere and the authentic items adds that charm. Looking forward to take more friends to satisfy the sweet tooth.
<review# 581,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2013,4/14/2013,79,66,7,8,8>As a teenager, I was an idiot. After concerts, my sweat-drenched body and ringing ears would opt to go to Denny's for a late night fix of salty goodness and caffeine.Yeah. Denny's -- blandest of the bland where tastebuds go to die. I should have been going to Tacos Al Carbon instead -- the best Mexican joint in Palm Beach County.Luckily, I'm a much smarter adult and finally got wise to this place.We dropped in for lunch on a Wednesday afternoon and got there just in time -- this place gets busy during peak dining hours and I can only imagine the lines late night. Service was prompt - a server came by within minutes to drop off chips and salsa, menus and take our drink orders.I usually judge a Mexican joint by their chips and salsa -- if they're not fresh AND free, it's not worth the trip. Tacos Al Carbon hit both notes. The chips were a little greasy but the salsa was phenomenal. Not the soupy pico de gallo found at most Mexican eateries but a spicy, complex and dark orange sauce with an abundant amount of fresh cilantro. I ordered a pineapple agua fresca for my beverage and I can safely say it was the greatest decision I have made in my entire life. Hyperbole? Possibly but dudes, you didn't try this drink. It featured shreds of actual pineapple and was refreshing without being sticky sweet. Add a little basil and gin and I could easily drink a pitcher of the stuff.Easily.For my meal, I ordered the veggie tacos and that was a pretty great decision too -- two soft and chewy flour tortillas filled with creamy beans, rice (which I could give or take), queso fresco, fresh onions, tomatoes and some serious slices of avocado. Fresh, filling and less than five dollars.If you choose to eat anything else while in the area, you are a fool. Our server also dropped off two squeezy bottles filled with green deliciousness -- one tangy tomatillo-based salsa and this glorious spicy avocado sauce that started off refreshing and ended up kicking you with some serious heat. I don't know what the latter was, but I want to use it on EVERYTHING. If you're in the area and looking for great food at a ridiculously affordable price, go to Tacos Al Carbon now. Seriously - it's open and you're hungry. Oh and grab a large agua fresca. Trust me -- Greatest. Beverage. Ever.
<review# 582,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2012,4/13/2013,181,103,3,13,5>Thanks to the review from Elizabeth L, I learned about this salon about 10 minutes away from my house. Had I known this gem was so close to me, I would have been going here 3 years ago instead of bouncing all over South Florida trying to find the perfect place. I'm writing this review from the pedicure chair as my nails dry so that should tell you my thoughts about this place. I couldn't wait to get home to write it lol Located in a nice clean plaza in Cooper City, Omega Nail is tucked away in the corner next to Vecky's bakery. I walked in & requested a gel manicure. I had my service done with Lois who was a pleasure. She took care of me and made an effort to have small talk even though her English wasn't the best. The best part about this place is the mini massage they give you after your manicure. They massage your hands, arms, neck, & back! Imagine my surprise when she told me to put my head down! I was completely floored b/c it was so unexpected. I paid the same amount as I do at other salons and got an added bonus of the awesome massage! As I'm sitting getting my manicure, I see a lady getting a pedicure and I had to ask what kind of pedicure it was. It looked like a specialty pedicure b/c of the intense massage the lady was getting. Lois surprised me and said it's the regular pedicure and we massage your feet with hot stones. Sign me up! I decided to get a pedi too! Best decision I've made in a long time! I am proud to announce that I've found my nail salon. Praying that the service remains as phenomenal as my 1st visit. Only time will tell. I'll update in a few months
<review# 583,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/27/2012,4/12/2013,72,238,3,4,2>After a horrifying episode of attempting to cook for myself at home, I gave up and decided to get a disgusting amount of take-out here.  I ordered the Earthquake, which is a massive burrito stuffed with steak and chicken, and the Tofu Quesadilla.  The portions are huge!  In a less subjective way of describing it, I came home and weighed the burrito because it felt like I was lifting weights when I carried it, and the thing was almost two pounds.  Two pounds of AMAZING.  It's hard to go wrong when it comes to steak and chicken, but I was also pleasantly surprised by the quesadilla.I knocked off one star because of the wait time.  I highly recommend ordering ahead if you plan to just stop in and pick up your order.  I waited about 30 minutes for my food to be ready, although to be fair, I did come toward the end of the lunch rush (1:30-ish).  There are very few seats inside, so I do recommend just carrying out.
<review# 584,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2012,4/11/2013,80,146,5,8,5>Don't let this sparse bbq joint located in strip mall fool you- the food here is good. Like really really GOOD!  Like tell-your-friends-they-need-to-try-it-this-minute type of good.First things first, Paradero is located in a strip mall and it's not very pretty.  It's actually right next door to Café Martorano and the bright white walls are a deep contrast to the dark clubby scene that Yo Cuz is all about.  I think there is a tattoo shop on the other side. Whatever. Do not let these things deter you!The menu at Paradero is small. There are only about 10-12 items total including sides.  My date had the pulled pork sandwich with hand cut fries.  I opted for The Hangover sandwich which had pork loin, sweet potatoes and lime marinated onions with a side of sweet potato fries. After we placed our order we strolled over to the neighboring Walgreens for beer. How convenient.About 20 minutes later we had our food and dear God it smelled amazing. Longest. Ride. Home. Ever.  It was well worth the wait though because the food was great! The pulled pork sandwich was perfect and my Hangover sandwich was incredible. Those lime onions were TO DIE FOR. The pork loin was thick cut, flavorful and moist.  The sweet potato fries did not disappoint either- they were a nice mix of soft and crispy.  I was really impressed for a takeout meal and I will be coming back again to try the ribs and chicken.  Btw, I am pretty sure the cashier said they offer delivery in some areas of Fort Lauderdale but I'm not 100% positive. I might not hurt to ask if you're placing a takeout order.
<review# 585,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2012,4/10/2013,174,188,2,10,2>I went to this place a couple days ago on my lunch break.  I did not know what to expect but I was pleasantly surprised.  The concept is you grab a container and start filling it up with whatever you want.  You can build a salad, a wrap or even tacos.  After you make your selection they weigh your container to see what to charge. They also offer soups.  They had so much to choose from.  I was really happy to see that in addition to meat they also have vegan choices including seasoned tofu and hummus.  They had a wide variety of fresh vegetables and dressings.  There are also fruits and nuts to choose from as well.  I decided to build a wrap.  I walked around the salad bar and made my selections.  After I was done I brought the tray to the kitchen and handed it off to the staff.  They asked me what kind of wrap I wanted as they have several flavors to choose from.  Within a few minutes they had chopped up my ingredients and fitted them into the spinach flavored wrap i had requested.  I went to pay and choose my drink.  My food and drink came out to a little over $6.00 which I thought was very reasonable for a quick lunch.I would recommend The Salad Spot and will go back.
<review# 586,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2013,4/9/2013,837,552,2,9,6>I must add another star to Cabana el Rey.I've been here a couple of times after my first review and must say they have impressed me.There's always one thing I'm not 100% satisfied with but the rest is amazing.  For example last night, I had the Tapa de Hongos to start and it was delicious!  Perfectly prepared, enough for 2 - 4 people (depending how much you have), served with Cuban bread so all that broth doesn't go to waist, and believe me you won't allow that because of it's wonderful flavor.  As my entrée I ordered the Mariscada - shrimp, salmon, scallops, and muscles all sitting in a heavenly tomato garlic salt.  This plate comes with rice and beans.  I opted to not get the beans and have the rice with the broth and was the best thing I did.  You will also not want to miss dipping the bread it comes with in that broth.  I am telling you it is amazing!  Must admit, it was a bit salty for me but did not complaint because flavor won.But, as I said, one thing I was not satisfied with was the Gold Sangria (champagne, orange juice, sugar...).  It was way too sweet for me.Other things I absolutely love from here:Plantains - they make these perfect, almost as my grandmother'sMariquitas - plantain chips with guacamole Yellow rice or Coconut rice with beansSangriasCaipirinhas And my Dad LOVES their Chuletas de Cerdo (Pork Chops) - Cooked Medium.  Tender and juicy.Not so much:Flan - it's OK but nothing special to order it againChicharrones de pollo - breaded fried chicken pieces.  They were dry and salty.The more I go the more things I find that I like, so of course I will keep going for more.
<review# 587,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2013,4/8/2013,251,189,3,13,7>I LOVE this concept! This new sushi joint in the Mizner area of Boca is my new go-to.  You have the choice of sitting at a regular table in the restaurant, the side bar, OR you can sit at the sushi bar where you have an awesome moat around it with boats floating along with different dishes for you to grab and eat at your leisure.  Amazing.  Each plate is color coded to indicate how much they cost, and that ranges from $3-$7 a plate.Perfect for a night with friends, great for a date night, girls night.. I couldn't imagine when choosing Ninja as a dining option would be a bad choiceYou may be weary of freshness, but the boats are refreshed very often and I even caught the owner/sushi chef cutting up a fresh wahoo catch for sushi the last evening I ate there (uploaded in the photos).Staff is friendly, they use the SpotOn rewards program, and even send you text offers.  They also have an amazing happy hour from Sunday to Thursday from 4:30-7:00pm and then a late night one from 10:00pm-1:30am (yes, they are open until 1:30am!).  This happy hour includes great cocktails (try the cucumber and lychee drinks!) and lots of food options.They don't have an actual website, but they are always posting deals on their Facebook page.  I suggest liking that for those offerings.  :)All in all, a fabulous addition to Boca!
<review# 588,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2012,4/7/2013,193,173,3,8,7>This place is great and so much fun to visit!  They have a vast selection of candies, chocolates, nuts, dried fruits and assorted snacks that you can buy by the pound.  They also have a large variety of sugar free cookies, candies and chocolates but beware:  eating too much sugar free stuff sweetened with malitol will give you the runs!  I personally prefer to have the real stuff in moderation but it's a good place to go if you're diabetic and want a sweet treat.You can choose from a great chocolate selection including Ice Cubes (which make me feel like a kid again), rum cordials, chocolate covered marshmallows, cherries and blueberries, and yummy truffles in a number of flavors.They have rice crackers and wasabi peas, sesame sticks, all sorts of nuts, and some unusual dried fruits like cantaloupe and pears. There's also deliciously fruity Australian licorice, fruit flavored tootsie rolls, rock candy, all sorts of coffee candies (love the latte flavor!), a huge selection of gummy candy (peaches, watermelon, worms, bears, cola bottles, etc.), cream filled caramels, sour balls and so much more.  There's also a small selection of gift items and inexpensive greeting cards.  There's a sale on something different every week.  Service is always welcoming. So do yourself a favor and run, don't walk to Bulk in Bins!
<review# 589,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/2/2012,4/6/2013,292,387,12,14,16>Park your ride and enter thru the back door (easy there with the back door jokes).  Trust me, it's not as seedy as the "first impression" of the back parking area may imply.Charm City is oddly decorated with a mix of brightly colored walls (green, yellow and purple walls), another wall is covered with slate tile, the bar area is covered with pastel green tiles and has stainless steel counter tops, a bright and colorful mural of the community overlooks the restaurant and I think there was even a disco ball.  Sounds truly odd, I know, but strangely enough it looks good (and all this is after a recent renovation).By now you've arrived at the food counter, take notice of the colorful menu board.  It's somewhat complicated at first glance, but they'll walk you thru it the first time (it's easy after the first visit).  But let's cut to the chase... this place is all about the burger.  Their entire popularity has nothing to do with good/bad service (mostly good if you're wondering) or whether the decor is pleasing;  it's just about the burger... so, is it really that great of a burger?  Simple answer YES.The burgers include "Charm Sauce" and excellent seasoning (although a bit too salty sometimes).  The ever-important "Bun to burger ratio" is right on;  juicy, but not dripping with tons of grease either.They offer just a few signature burgers but offer tons of "Hook-Ups" (additional toppings) including fried egg, hash browns, jalapeno and even have seared "Foie Gras".  As much as I love the burgers, I actually LOVE their chicken sammies more (and a healthier option).  Personal favorite is the "Foodie" (chicken sandwich with sauteed mushrooms, swiss cheese, grilled tomato and garlic aioli sauce).  Not a burger or chicken fan? No problem.  They offer plenty of alternate burger meats:  turkey, italian sausage, veggie, greek lamb and ahi tuna (comes with awesome sauce and bold seasoning).  Plus they have "grilled" chicken wings and hot dogs.How about fries with that shack?  Side dishes of hand cut fries, sweet potato fries, onion rings and tatar tots are offered.  A bit of advice;  ordering a "combo" (a drink with one side) is actually cheaper than ordering a side alone.My recommendation for a first time visitor... COWBOY STYLE burger (bacon, cheddar cheese, sauteed mushrooms and grilled onions).  Don't bother with any "Hook-Ups" on your first visit (you're not ready for that yet).  Make your order a "combo" with the hand cut fries and a Blue Bell milkshake.  Enjoy your meal and save hook-ups, tatar tots and microbrews for the next visit.
<review# 590,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2012,4/5/2013,23,60,4,6,5>Best Gnocchi ever. hands down. Don't judge this place by it's cover. It's nestled in a shopping plaza between a Papa Johns and some other store you'd probably never go in- and it's in Margate, no less. Once you're inside, you feel like your dining in a quaint New York City-ish type of restaurant. Less than 10 or so tables, so reservations are probably a must. The bread served doesn't look like anything special, but the taste is. Lightly toasted and smeared with olive oil and fresh garlic. The caprese salad is wonderful. Mozzarella is smooth as butter. Their Gnocchi is light and puffy- brandy sauce is to die for. Tiramisu is one of the best I've had. Love seeing the chef/owner come out to greet each table and ask how everything is/was. Great service. A definite must!
<review# 591,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2012,4/4/2013,399,476,4,8,4>(My 300th review! Glad it's for a good place!)I had driven by this place a few times and was curious about it, but never took that next step to go in. Then along came a Groupon deal, and that was the little extra push I needed. I'm usually wary of buying coupon deals for restaurants after several bad experiences... happy to say this proved to be an exception to that rule.We came here on a Friday night, and the place was not slammed, but not jam packed either. It appeared that everyone had a Groupon or Living Social deal. We had a great server (I want to say his name was Steve, but I can't recall for sure), who was friendly and helpful with his recommendations. We started off with those sweet and spicy pickles... and jeez, they aren't kidding. Those things are fiery! We also decided to sample the three kinds of barbecue sauces they offer: Conservative (my favorite), Extremist (good, but a bit too hot for my tastes, considering I like using a lot of sauce), and whatever the hottest option was called (I don't remember, but it was almost painful). So my tastebuds got a work out before any actual food came to the table.When asked, our waiter suggested the mozzarella sticks, which we were a bit surprised to see on a barbecue joint menu, but we figured we'd give it a go anyway. And go figure, these sticks were better than a vast majority of Italian restaurants' offerings. You also got a TON of them (ten!). They were made in-house... not the frozen variety that apparently everyone gets from the same supplier as Arby's.For our actual meals, my friend got the beef brisket platter, while I opted for the pulled pork sandwich. Now, I'd only ever had pulled pork once before, so I knew I was taking a huge risk. Turns out I don't really like pulled pork, but I don't fault Park Avenue for that. The version I'd tried before was slow-cooked in barbecue sauce, whereas this version was pulled pork cooked on its own, and then topped with sauce. It makes a big difference, and I wasn't a fan. When our waiter saw that I didn't like it, he immediately offered to bring something else, but I was happy to get it to go and bring it to my dad (who is nature's vacuum cleaner). Besides, we already had plenty of food, and I didn't want anything to go to waste.My favorite part of the meal was their cornbread. SO good. I don't like dry, bland cornbread... I love the sweet, moist variety, and this definitely fit the bill. You could get three pieces as a side, and since my sandwich came with one side, that's what I chose. I inhaled all three pieces happily. I ordered a slice of key lime pie for dessert, thinking I would have room since I didn't have most of my entree (well, except for the cornbread and some of my friend's brisket). By the time the slice came out, I realized I was pretty full, so I had a few bites and got the rest to go.With our Groupon, the bill was ridiculously cheap... but even if we had paid full price, we would've still thought it was a great deal. They have generous portions, and good quality food. I look forward to returning and trying some of their other dishes.
<review# 592,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2012,4/3/2013,118,353,2,7,2>A side of mac and cheese.FINALLY dragged myself in here last night!  What a great spot!  It's sort of hidden, in a way.  I mean, there is signage on the awnings that line Federal, but there's really nothing else around that screams what a cool speakeasy type of bar this is.  It's a nice little find!A side of mac and cheese.We opted to check it out on a Thursday night because champagne is free for ladies, and bottles of wine are 50% off.  We met another couple and had a great time with the free-flowing champagne, conversation, and of course the food.  Oh, I also bought a bottle of pinot grigio, normally $29, but got it for half price.A side of mac and cheese.Food was tasty!  I ordered the margherita flatbread, and boy oh boy did that balsamic reduction drizzle totally top it off for me!  My husband ordered the fish tacos, but they were on the spicy side for him.  As a side dish, he ordered the mac and cheese.  YES, I can honestly say that in my 29 *wink* years of life, this is the BEST mac and cheese I have EVER consumed!  They use asiago in the cheesy mixture, which carries a pretty strong flavor.  It's a nice and creamy offering.  Be sure to order it as a side dish though.  The Lobster Mac and Cheese that they had on the entree menu is NOT THE SAME!Service was really friendly and attentive. Our server was training a new gal, so we probably experienced the best server.A side of mac and cheese -- remember it, and order it!Go here!
<review# 593,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/11/2012,4/2/2013,165,85,2,11,4>Love the name, which I noticed last month while driving down Okeechobee.  I finally tried it yesterday.The hot and sour soup had real mushrooms, and the vegetables in the red curry chicken were still crisp (in many Thai restaurants, the vegetables in a curry are cooked within an inch of their life, as curry is sometimes prepared as a stew.)Another surprise:  the fried rice, which had not only real roast pork, but also that meaty umami taste, presumably from oyster or hoisin sauce.  I have not had fried rice like this in many years -- bringing me back to Chinese restaurants from my youth in New York in the 1970s.I had a look at the regular menu and it seemed to be rather simple -- two pages at most.  Perhaps this is due to the fact that they just opened 2 months ago.This little jewel tucked away in a large, bustling strip center will be a welcome addition to diners in the area who crave a simple Asian meal.
<review# 594,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2013,4/1/2013,240,184,8,10,9>I subscribe to the thought process that less is more... but in the case of Riverside Market, I am completely wrong.  Driving to Riverside was an experience in itself.  After what felt like many wrong turns I pulled  into the small unpaved parking lot with low expectations.  Everyone has said that Riverside is a place I must try because "they have beer, Stephanie! And you like beer!"  Its true, I do and you were all right, they definitely have beer.  A cooler the length of a wall full of it to be exact.  I walked in glanced at the cooler and sat down at a high top table where bottle openers dangled from the ceiling right above my shoulders.  I liked this place already.     I was told by a patron sitting near me that I could just go over the cooler and pick out whatever beer I wanted so I walked up and down the cooler before settling on a Dale's.  I was hungry as well so I ordered a :I can't believe I'm Not in New York" pastrami sandwich and it was damn good.  What a great place.  I ended up staying long enough to drink three Dale's and run into a ton of familiar beer geek faces.  What a great spot in Fort Lauderdale, an area that I struggle to love constantly.
<review# 595,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2013,3/31/2013,563,515,7,7,7>Due South is a chill, hard to find brewery located in Boynton Beach. My manliness took a severe hit getting lost trying to find this place, but it was well worth the minor hassle of getting lost and the following explains my logic. I believe in the saying, "All good things come to those who wait"; well me driving around lost was me paying my 'wait' dues.Due South epitomizes the laid-back atmosphere. Its bar merges into a room secluded from the rest of the brewery. Another section of the brewery is filled with what would be commonly found in someone's backyard patio. For those looking for some drunkercising, there is two corn hole courts.Now to important part.....beer.They do craft beer really solid. What I mean is Due South are good at what they do for a living, but at the same time it is not unique like the stuff being made at Funky Buddha, yet Due South is entirely worth the visit.I am a big fan of the RoLo Beer. An adage to that caramel filled chocolate candy that would give the masses cavities. Well this RoLo contained their Caramel Cream Ale layered with their Roasted Cocoa Stout. You end up getting the light, sweet caramel notes mixed in roasted, slightly malty, chocolate notes. It is delight to be had by all.Futhermore, the RoLo is 'girlfriend approved' by my girlfriend for those guys with ladies with a particular beer taste.My personal favorite is there Scotch Ale. It is a fantastic beer and a must try. It reminded me a bit of the Brooklyn Black Ops, but I personally like Due South's Scotch Ale better. It is certainly worth to take home in their growlers.This place is a must visit for all beer lovers.
<review# 596,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2012,3/30/2013,236,186,6,10,6>First time I came to Souvlaki Fast was on the first week it opened and it was packed! I remember commenting that the hype would probably go away but I'm happy to see that this place is still busy all the time. Boca has always lacked great Greek food so this is just a simple, fast Greek, place that serves some pretty good gyros. They have a couple of different meats such as salmon but I recommend sticking to the traditional lamb/beef gyros. The place is really clean and customer service could have been better. They definitely need more seating because it's practically impossible to find somewhere to sit around lunchtime. The only complaints I have about this place are that customer service could be a little better and they need to calm down with charging extra for everything. I think they charge $0.25 or something for extra tzatziki which, in my opinion, is ridiculous. Is it really worth looking cheap just to get an extra $0.25 from your regular customer? I don't think so. If I could I would give them $10 all at once for a lifetime supply of extra tzatziki sauce just so I won't be reminded of how cheap they are every time I ask for it.Also, this is the place where I was introduced to Greek fries which is french fries topped with olive oil, feta cheese, oregano (?) and lemon. The lemon adds a really great flavor to the fries. I loved it and I definitely recommend an order of that to share between 2 people (your Gyros doesn't come with fries). They have another location closer to Mizner in case you're closer to that area. Also, on Tuesdays they have $5 gyros.Save room for dessert and visit Bakery of France next door!
<review# 597,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2012,3/29/2013,222,201,10,9,9>Let me begin with a statement with my hand on the bible. EYEBROWS ARE NO JOKE. IT IS A SERIOUS MATTER TO BOTH FEMALES AND MALES ALIKE.  And for that God created talented eyebrow specialists and a lot of evil ones with hands, wax and conception of shape as the devils. The decision of an eyebrow or any wax specialist (and those of you who know my commitment to hoochicoochi know) is a frightening and damning one. So first upset, lost my girl in NYC, second, fell in love with a specialist who left me behind to go back to Italy (damn visas and stuff) and lo and behold orphan Annie I was again. After some serious, think tank discussions with the fabu chicks on Yelp, I chose to drive all the way to Cooper City (where????) to see a woman named Gail. I was assessed as if though I were getting a new set if perkies... She stood me in front of the mirror, and advised and devised how my eyebrows would reform my face to illustrious heights. Now, I don't know the logistics of the HOW but I do know something about the RESULTS. First of all it's in this little cosmetology school that looks like a mix of Alice in Wonderland having a cat fight with Barbie, so kitschy and darling!  But Gail, that's another story. What a character!  Funny, friendly, thorough, truly takes this as the important life choice it is meant to be. I was so happy!!! Felt great, looked great, great service, and REALLY good!!!!Sucky, Gail will also be leaving the country (no wonder about my abandonment issues...) but apparently her sister is the same crafts woman who I will definitely visit for the next appointment!It was the day after the hurricane and truthfully I did call a few other places first but they were closed so I really caught a lucky break!!! If you can still make it to her, do it! Otherwise no worries I'll be posting on her genetic familial capabilities as well!!!
<review# 598,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2012,3/28/2013,147,732,4,8,4>Perfection. There it is. Few restaurants achieve it. Bay Bay's has hit the trifecta of great food, personal service, and the most elusive element of restaurants: Love.  "Chicken and waffles?" you say. I say: Hell, yes!Bay Bay's is a small joint tucked into Okechobee Road just West of Congress in a building that has been a breakfast joint, a burger joint, and now takes on chicken and waffles. They painted it RED which helps it stand out.  The flood of cars around their tiny parking lot since they opened was another good sign.They serve up the best Southern food in three counties. Period. Let's start with the chicken.  It goes through an AA meeting. 12 steps from prep to table. It starts with great meat. White meat chicken with HUGE wings.  It continues with great cooking. Perfect seasoning. Perfect frying. What comes out it dry crisp on the outside and moist and delicious on the inside.  Talk waffles. They should be hot, kind of soft, and you eat them with your chicken. The sweet waffle and the seasoned chicken combo can't be beat.  Those who know, you are in the Temple of Wow. Those who dont: You're in for a taste experience!As a fan of Roscoe's Chicken and Waffles in Pasadena, California, I can safely say they beat my standard-bearer for best in the category HANDS DOWN.Move on to sides.  They have amazing sides.  Their collard greens are basic, but done so perfectly. Not too much vinegar. Not too much smoky bacon/pork hoc/ whatever the magic pork ingredient is.  They are cooked to perfection.  They beatThey make wicked macaroni and cheese too.The case is full of sodas, from your coke products to nice teas and Boylan sugar can sodas, which are my personal recommend.Now for the love part. Israel and his crew will lead you to the promised land of a great meal because they love what they do, and it just shows. They welcome everyone who sets foot in the door, two or three people help you at one of the few tables or the counter seats in the little eatery. They're local, and they know how to treat people RIGHT. That's huge LOVE to go along with great, great food.The place is decorated with just right, and the prices are more than fair for what you get.  Personally I'd get there early for lunch or dinner, or I would expect, with more amazing reviews like this, that you may find yourself in line or waiting for take out.This is a restaurant that would be top of its game in any of the great Southern cities of the United States. They would kill in New Orleans, where they would have competition.  Here, in the relatively chicken and waffle free land of West Palm Beach, they serve up something unique that you must try, and they do it with STYLE.It's been two years since that first review and Bay Bays still brings it!!!
<review# 599,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2012,3/27/2013,158,135,15,21,22>When i first was first told about the Beat Cup, I was told how fun the place is (and they were right), I was told how friendly the people that come here are (and they were right), I was told the owner is very outgoing and will make you feel at home (and they were right).  Everything I was told was great (and they were right).My first time I visited was open mic night.  People would take turns singing, playing instruments or reading poetry that they wrote.  And let me tell you, some of these people that sing here sound so good.  I just wanted to sit and listen all night.Even though the place is called a cafe, it's more of social bar scene but with a very unique and hip crowd.  And yes they serve food (sandwiches, salads, baked goods) and since I was told they have good coffee, I decided to order a cup.  I got really excited when I was told the owner Pablo gets his coffee from Panther Coffee in Miami.Pablo s a great guy, super host and does a wonderful job running his cafe.  He is constantly cleaning up, welcoming guests and taking the time to interact with everyone.  I came back recently for a UYE that brought at least 10 active yelpers to enjoy a night of fun.  For me it was my second visit and it was open mic night again.  And again I really enjoyed how talented some of the people are.  As a mater of fact, our very own UYE host (Kaya) took a turn and her high energy got everyone to cheer.  Once again, Pablo was a good host.  He gave us a reserved area and offered us yelpers a beer special (buy any bottled craft beer and get your second one for free).  Problem here was I don't know what beers are good and I don't like bitter beers.  Pablo and his staff took time to ask me questions to help me pick and turns out I liked both of their suggestions.  Still prefer wine but I now know there are a couple beers out there I can enjoy.I decided to give the food a try and so glad I did.  I had the hip-no-tized chicken sandwich.  The ciabatta bread was amazing and the sandwich was fresh made.  I thought the sandwich would be okay but it was so much better than expected.I couldn't leave without getting another cup of Panther coffee.  This time I went with a cappuccino.  Very good and no complaints.Come by and sit back, grad a bite and wash it down with some beer, spend time with some nice people, stare at all the art on the walls and if you like something then ask about it because it's all for sale.Can't wait for the next visit.
